$34 TRINITY Hunting Scope Sight for Ruger Blackhawk Air Rifle Sports Outdoors Sports Fitness Hunting Fishing Hunting,vivilondra.londononeradio.com,for,Air,Blackhawk,Sports Outdoors , Sports Fitness , Hunting Fishing,/decomposer525256.html,Scope,TRINITY,Ruger,Rifle,Sight,$34 TRINITY Hunting Scope Sight for Rifle Ruger NEW Air Blackhawk Hunting,vivilondra.londononeradio.com,for,Air,Blackhawk,Sports Outdoors , Sports Fitness , Hunting Fishing,/decomposer525256.html,Scope,TRINITY,Ruger,Rifle,Sight,$34 TRINITY Hunting Scope Sight for Rifle Ruger NEW Air Blackhawk $34 TRINITY Hunting Scope Sight for Ruger Blackhawk Air Rifle Sports Outdoors Sports Fitness Hunting Fishing
Great upgrade for target practice, hunting, home defense or tactical use. Connects directly in your air rifle receiver dovetail rail without any modifications or adapters. The TRINITY 4X32 hunting rifle scope" Objective: 32 mm Eye Relief: 3" Exit Pupil: 8 mm FOV (feet at 100 yds.):36.6 M.O.A.: 1/4 Finish: Matte Black Lens Coating: Blue Length: 7.75" Weight: 14oz.

A pull on the trigger opens the CO2 cartridge & fills the buoy in seconds
Just lean over Restube and the buoyancy lifts your head above the water
Screw in a new original CO2 cartridge and Restube is immediately ready for use again
Each Restube also has a mouth valve for inflating and deflatingGet free porn accs to HD Love porn site, and unlimited HD Love membership access for totally free. Download tons of HD videos & Hi-Res Photos.
Link to Members area :
- sisela5:2555017F9
- DerrickHR1h:oklaproP2n
- edmund452:xkinglearL0
- jbrown2000bI6:zippy200qCx
- gorm51Yy:andersxah
HD Love passwords not working for some reason?! Try this HD Love Discount offer and get your own premium account for much cheaper. But don’t wait, because this deal expires soon!
HD Love Discount :Bale clamps are hydraulic forklift attachments that could be used to be able to carry bales with out using a pallet. This accessory is useful if you're piling or transferring lots of products. Bar arm clamps are additional attachments which can be added to allow the person operating it to be able to carry cylindrical objects like rolls of carpet or paper.
There is a wide range of lift truck accessories accessible to make the devices more helpful. A snowplow attachment could be mounted to the front of the lift truck. A scoop bucket can be useful when the job requires moving gravel, snow, sand, or soil. A double block handler permits the person operating the forklift to liftcarry a couple of loads and afterward stack them beside each other. Lots of of these accessories are extremely ideal for light to medium duty work.
Another forklift accessory is the package lift clamp, which could carry and transfer heavier pallets. Also, pallet crane forks may be utilized to carry and move pallets with an overhead crane. A drum clamp accessory is helpful for transporting really heavy drums from one place to another without having to utilize a pallet. Lift truck mounted hoppers enable materials to be moved and dumped with out having to handle it by hand. These hoppers when the bumper is released are self dumping.
Available accessories now consist of attachments which permit a forklift to carry out the job of a commercial broom or mop. These particular accessories are often used cleaning parking lots, storehouse flooring, and boat docks. Lift truck mounted platforms come equipped with twin entry doors and can be attached in order to move personnel from one locale to another. The mounted platform attachment is ideal for reaching places which can be hard to access, specifically if you have goods or materials stored in out of the way places or really up high.
Attachments can be a really useful piece of equipment when put in a forklift, changing a regular lift truck into a mobile crane unit. It's most useful when moving unstable or difficult loads. This attachment could either be telescopic, mounted on the carriage itself, or be attached or forklift mounted.
The carton clamp is another forklift attachment which can make a good investment for several companies. A few have even speculated that this item is the most handy accessory on the market. It permits the person operating it to be able to handle merchandise that doesn't have a pallet. Appliances and furnishings are good examples of items which come with out a pallet, however that are big and heavy enough to require a lift truck for moving.
The first investments of a lift truck and some of its attachments may be expensive, nonetheless this machine will probably pay for itself many times over. Part of the equation is that those machines would save you lots of man hours of work, and the numerous lift truck accessory options are available to be able to assist execute a myriad of different jobs. It will appear as if the company has some various machines, each one with a certain job. The various attachments for the lift truck allow this particular machine to be able to operate efficiently and productively.
Click to Download the pdf
Lift Parts Express prides itself on the diversity and volume of parts we carry. Regardless of the model of lift truck you run, we have the parts you need. The cost savings we can offer will... About UsNice Course - Read Review
Read 1 reviews of A. J. Jolly Golf Course
Have you played at A. J. Jolly Golf Course? Share your tips, secrets, notes, thoughts and feelings with others and leave a review today!.
Official Travel Partner:
Official Media Partner:
Golf Offers Partner:
All Content Copyright ©
2021
The Social Golfer LtdPlease consider a donation to support The Reading Bug
The Dark Horse (Walt Longmire #5) (MP3 CD)
Other Books in Series
This is book number
- #4: Another Man's Moccasins (Walt Longmire #4) (MP3 CD): $14.99
June 2009 Indie Next List
“Mary Barsad is accused of having shot her husband six times as partial retribution for his setting fire to their barn and killing her horses. But Sheriff Walt Longmire is not convinced she did it, and he sets off to see if he's right. Craig Johnson's latest is another winner in this compelling western mystery series.”
— Sue Tank, Paulina Springs Books, Sisters, OR
Description.Transmission Service & Repair IN LAKE FOREST, CA
Of all repairs on a vehicle, transmission repairs are the most challenging. When you are looking for an experienced auto mechanic to handle your transmission service and repair needs, there is no need to look any further than the auto repair team at Foothill Auto Service. Since 2003, Glenn and the Foothill Auto Service team have been delivering honesty with integrity to the auto repair industry in Lake Forest, Foothill Ranch, Portola Hills, Rancho Santa Margarita, Coto De Caza, Mission Viejo, and Trabuco Canyon since 2003. If you live or work in this area, it is time to experience the best-kept secret of Lake Forest, CA. The auto mechanics at Foothill Auto Service know that you are busy, and if you feel your transmission is acting up, you need to feel good about whom you can trust with your auto and truck repair. Equipped with the latest in cutting-edge technology and ASE-Certified training to back it, the team at Foothill Auto Service is one of the most experienced auto repair shops in the area.
Whether or not your car or truck is manual or automatic, your vehicle has a transmission working hard to deliver your wheels the power you demand by pressing on the gas pedal. When you accelerate and your vehicle shifts gears, your transmission is hard at work, delivering that power to your wheels. Our auto repair experts at Foothill Auto Service know transmission service and repair. Having a team of auto mechanics with over 100 years of combined experience, training, and certifications to back this statement. There is no better team that is more trustworthy to take care of your transmission service and repair needs.
Our staff at Foothill Auto Service strive to make you feel like family. From our spotless office and waiting room to how you are treated from the moment you walk through the door, you will feel welcome and know that your car is in good hands. Don't just take our word for it; see what our customers are saying about us:
My favorite mechanic. My family has been coming for as long as I can remember. Excellent full service. We have done all of our vehicle's scheduled service here since they were new. 175,000 trouble-free miles on my 2008 Honda. We like this place so much that after moving out of the neighborhood, we drive an hour to get our service done here. We completely trust Glenn to take care of us. Perks: Comfortable waiting room with room to work on a laptop, power cords for your devices. A comfortable couch. -- Vic R
At Foothill Auto Service, we offer top quality, honest transmission service, and repair for your vehicle and strive to ensure the highest quality customer service level possible to our customers; you become like family to us. We pride ourselves on our ongoing training, and we use the latest!Events & campaigns
B Corp Month 2020 Marketing & B Corp Awareness This category is for marketers, PR & comms professionals, and anyone with great ideas about building awareness about the B Corp movement. B Corp Month 2021 B Corp Month is in March - and just around the corner! Share ideas about how you’re celebrating, hear about local events, and brainstorm activities for next year.BUSINESS CONSULTANTS
WOLLONGONG BUSINESS SOLUTIONS
helping you grow your business
strategy . design . print
Wollongong Printing offers Business Consulting Services to assist small businesses in improving their brand visibility and increase their return on investment. We provide assistance to hundreds of businesses nationally through brand building and business improvement strategies designed to be simple and effective with long-term results.
The ultimate objective of being in business is to operate a profitable and growing business and create an saleable asset.
At Wollongong Printing, we work with you in defining your current market positioning and where you would ideally like to take you business. We adopt simple tools that to ensure that your system and processes match where you would like to be and who you would like to be recognised as.
Business Growth strategies
Marketing strategies
discovery
implementation
Business infosys & tech
Human Capital
Business coaching
Business plans
Pricing strategies
Positioning
Sales & Business development
Digital Marketing
We are not just consultants that show you and tell you what you should or should not be doing, we are here to assist you and work with you in creating a sustainbable platform where you can control the action. We will give you the tools and support to continue growing and becoming who you want to become. We don't just walk away once we have shown you what to do, we are here long term to help you achieve the goals you have set in stone.
As business and marketing consultants, we will give you the tools, education and confidence in building a sustainable business with complete piece of mind that your business is heading in the direction you anticipated and that you are taking your business to the next level. We will provide you with real insigh to your business through regular management reporting, enabling you to make informed decisions.
Wollongong Printing offers a range of long term benefits that you set as goals from the start and you will succeed if you following our lead:
Boost Profits
Manage Cashflows
Manage Risks
Control Business
Improve Policies & Procedures
Increase Brand Power
Our business adopts a transformative multi-disciplinary, system based approach broken down into simpler, less complex processes, designed for small business owners to understand and self-manage. We are here to help businesses who want to improve, we are here to help businesses who are stagnating and potentially being sidelined by bigger or more ingenuitive competitors. Sometimes it does not take much to improve what you already have, and other times it may take a lot... Let us work with you in defining where you sit!
WEB SERVICES FROM $75
Website Creation
Self Managed services
Website up-keeping
Content marketing
-Cristiano Ronaldo and his girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez are spending a vacation in Dubai. The Juventus star is attending a sports conference, while Georgina kept herself busty posing in a swimming pool. She wore a black thong bikini and sheer white shirt, making for a very revealing combination.
source:instagram.com
Many wondered did Ronaldo take offense in her choice of wardrobe. The fact that he responded quickly to her post with a picture of them together suggests that he is OK with her showing off to the world. He captioned it with: “You always make me feel so special.”
Read also: Cristiano Ronaldo Shares a Christmas Photo From the Beach With Santa That Looks Like Messi
View this post on Instagram
Cristiano and Georgina are together since 2016 and there is talk about marriage. They have a daughter together and when asked about the marriage, Ronaldo had this to say: “She helped me so much.
source:instagram.com.”Caring coffee-shop counts the change following £25,000 loan
Coffee-shop Salutem is enjoying a successful opening following a £25,000 loan provided by GC Business Finance.
The venture aims to give more than just coffee to the local community, focusing on mental wellbeing and an awareness of the sensitivities surrounding learning difficulties and autism. The Northenden-based shop provides an inclusive environment, with low-lighting, quiet music, and communication aids designed to avoid sensory overload associated with autism.
Salutem also offers classes and workshops surrounding mental wellbeing, from pottery lessons to seminars on mental health. In the coming months, the store hopes to host coding classes for autistic people, helping to develop both IT skills and sociability. Further to this, Salutem currently works alongside two charities: Mencap, which provide opportunities for adults with learning disabilities to improve their social interaction skills whilst building on customer service and working safely; and The Challenge, which supports young people from disadvantaged backgrounds to have a safe space to explore their ideas and interest to support the community.
The £25,000 loan provided by GC Business Finance enabled Salutem to refurbish the property in order to prepare for opening. Renovation considerations were made specifically to create a calm and inclusive space – from comfortable seating, easier bathroom access and a sensory corner. The loan also enabled the purchase of vital equipment for the coffee-shop, enabling the opening of Salutem’s doors to the public in May this year.
Rachel Parkinson, founder and owner of Salutem, said: “Having worked with people with learning difficulties and as an emotional wellbeing practitioner, I know the importance of spaces like this. At Salutem, we want to make a difference in everything we do; from our coffee and snacks – which are locally and ethically sourced – to our ethos of putting people first and supporting them, we care about the community.
“Working with GC Business Finance has been fantastic. The loan has helped me to realise my dream of having an impact and changing people’s lives. Not only did they provide the funding, which was key to getting the door open, they have also been giving great support to me and the business. In particular, the workshops and business mentoring provided by the Growth Company has really helped me to understand how to run a successful company.
“Looking to the future, we want to make this the most inclusive space possible – we’ll be extending our classes to get more people involved and making the biggest change we can to this community.”
Alex Mearns, Loans Manager for Start-up Loans at GC Business Finance, said: “Salutem is the type of business we are truly pleased to invest in. From hearing the idea to meeting Rachel, the passion and desire to positively impact the community are immediately clear. In providing the finances for Salutem, we were happy to be able to support where the banks couldn’t, in order to support such an inclusive, forward-thinking business.”Along the Avenue
They put on their party clothes, got out and danced, sang, cheered and made merry!
You can’t say folks in and around the city, on the South and North Shores, haven’t been doing their bit for the economy! And now it’s Super Bowl time and the Carnival season has begun, so our wacky, wonderful world moves into 2010 with glee!
If you haven’t been, put the new addition to The National World War II Museum on your list of things to do this year.
Sgt. Major Leward “Buddy” Adams USAR, lovingly known as “The Mayor of Oak Street,” put down his shears and whooped it up at the grand opening where he was a very special guest. Buddy, the barber to Carnival kings and folks less grand, has been clipping and buzzing the city’s gentry since the dashing Aidan Gill was a tike.
Lynn and Peter Ives double-dipped, hosting a holiday party that coincided with their 40th wedding anniversary.
There was music and singing, and friends making merry, plus a photo album for review for the nostalgic. Another 40th milestone: George Clark celebrated his birthday taking diving lessons on board the newest cruise ship to disembarks from New Orleans to Belize, where the diving is great, and other points of interest abound.
Every one knows former Carnival queens gather for luncheons to reminisce; their names and faces usually appear in fellow society columnist Nell Nolan’s column. But their gallant kings are rarely revealed. That doesn’t stop them from hosting a cup to their fellow crown wearers. Scattered around this column are photos of more than a few former kings, some of whom gathered at places like Brennan’s, Antoine’s and the New Orleans Country Club to salute and toast and eat what they like most. See how many you can spot!
Bill Treadway knows how to please a crowd. At a recent Christmas luncheon at the NOCC he scrapped plans for both a holiday skit and red-and-green décor in favor of big screen TVs, black and gold balloons and pom-poms (which interior designer wife Frances pulled together in record time). Shaking their pom-poms and generally having a good time were the likes of Susan and Jimmy Gundlach, Dot and Charlie Heidingfelder, Bob and Mary Coyle and other notable Saints fans. Treadway, ever the perfect gent, invited the staff, cooks, busboys, bartenders and a group of ladies in the Founder’s Room attending a baby shower to join in and cheer as Brees breezed through another one!
Every club, restaurant and hotel seemed booked for holiday parties … and then there are those with their annual gatherings. The Friday before Christmas found Henrietta “Henri” Hall and group at Arnaud’s, Janet Tallerine holding forth at Antoine’s, Nina Gensler at Dominica and those charitable high bidders at Galatoire’s, where even with new management things seem the same – David Gooch was at his usual perch near the kitchen.
The NOCC, New Orleans Museum of Art, Orleans Club and venues far and wide were the scene of debutante parties that kicked off at Thanksgiving and rocked on past New Year’s Eve … but more of that next month.Adding menu items to your custom ISO image
If you’re looking to download an ISO image go here:
If you’re looking to create an updated ISO image go here:
If you’re looking to change your desktop check here: and here:
This guide assumes that you have already been able to successfully build a custom or at the very least, an updated ISO image using the live build system. It also assumes that you are using the Gnome desktop.
Adding custom menu items is very simple. The process is no different than adding any other files to a custom ISO image. I have found it easiest to simply create the menu items in your existing installation. “Applications Menu> System Tools> Preferences> Main Menu” if your doing this from the desktop.
Then copy the files that were created to the proper directory inside the live build directory. You can accomplish this by copying the files located atto $HOME/.config/menus/ inside your build folder.to $HOME/.config/menus/ inside your build folder.Code:$HOME/.config/menus/
In my case I copied “$HOME/.config/menus/” to “$HOME/live-build-config/config/includes.chroot/root/.config/menus/”.
Now we need to move the .desktop files fromto the corresponding directory inside your build folder.to the corresponding directory inside your build folder.Code:$HOME/.local/share/applications/
In my case I copied “$HOME/.local/share/application/” to “$HOME/live-build-config/config/includes.chroot/root/.local/share/applications/”.
You must create the menu items first or these directories will be empty.
I used this to add a menu item to the Media Capture menu for the record my desktop GUI (gtk-recordmydesktop) after I added it to the ISO image.
Hope this saved you some time.
j7Thank you for completing the registration form for SAT Success at Timothy Christian. If no additional information is required, you will receive your student’s Group assignment no later than Friday, January 28th, 2022 by email.
The first class is at 6:30pm on Wednesday, February 2nd, 2022.
Your payment will appear on your credit card statement as ACADEMIC TUTORING CENTERS.
Should you have any questions in the meantime, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Sincerely,
Academic Tutoring Center
120 Main Street, Ste 202
Park Ridge, IL 60068
Phone: 847-823-530012/08/2021
One of the most stunning moments from Jean-Michel Jarre’s spectacular New Year's Eve concert, “Welcome To The Other Side” which he gave in front of a record-breaking 75 million viewers, is the performance of his hit classic "Oxygene 19" in the impressive backdrop of the virtual cathedral Notre-Dame de Paris as a concert hall.
The complete concert will now be release on Blu-Ray & CD as well as Vinyl on September 10th. Pre-order here:
Video:Know What It’s Like To Race To Alaska??
No? Would you like to find out? You’re in luck….
The NEIYA’s own Joachim Roesler will be giving a presentation about his participation in this year’s Race To Alaska (R2AK) on Sunday, October 28, 4pm-6pm at the Newport Yacht Club (110 Long Wharf in Newport, RI). It is a wild event to say the least!
The event will be hosted by the NEMA – New England Multihull Association and promises to be interesting and entertaining!
For info on the event click here: Hope to see you all at the presentation! Can’t wait to hear about this from someone who actually did it.On Saturday 7th May the Nottingham Trent University (NTU) Outreach Team welcomed Year 5 and 6 pupils from local primary schools and their families to our Family Saturday event.
It’s never too early to start thinking about the future, so in addition to our Year 5 and 6 sessions in the classroom, we wanted to invite our primary pupils along with all the family to our City Campus to find out about University. The Family Saturday event gave families the opportunity not only to find out about University, but also how learning together as a family can help both children and adults to learn and develop new skills. It was great to see so many parents interested in university too. Many adults feel it’s too late for them to go to university, but that’s definitely not the case- the oldest student to start at NTU was 84 years old!
As part of the Family Saturday our families got to try out some of the subjects they could study at university in our Law and International Relations tasters, delivered by our enthusiastic student ambassadors. The Law taster got our families scratching their heads about some of the weird and wonderful laws that still exist today. Whilst there were a few surprises in the International Relations taster about how rich some countries actually are.
There were laughs all round as our families dressed up and grabbed their props for our ‘dream job photo booth’. Families discussed their dream jobs- from explorer to criminal lawyer- and with the help of our staff and students ambassadors got some helpful advice on how they might get there – finished off of course with a few family selfies! You may have seen some of our competition entries for the best picture on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. After enjoying an afternoon learning as a family we also helped the families to find future opportunities to learn about things that interest them, so the fun can continue.
Finally, the event came to its conclusion by testing what our guests had found out about family learning throughout the day with our interactive quiz. It got very competitive and it was great to see how much all our families had remembered!
It was a fantastic day and we loved having so many of you come to visit we can’t wait for next year already!Inspired by Lauren @ Bookmarklit, I’ve been wanting to incorporate some more non-bookish things into my blog. Since Netflix is practically a hobby in and of itself these days, I am tagging along on her feature on showcasing what I’ve been watching lately!
It’s been a while since I featured that I’ve been watching lately, and now that spring is here I thought it would be fun to feature the shows I’ve added to my tv rotation this season. I’m still watching the shows from my last post (Dynasty, Jane the Virgin, and Riverdale) so I’m only going to be featuring shows that I’ve added to my rotation since then.
TV Shows
Girl Scout Cookie Championship // I’m ALWAYS here for a new baking show and this one that is centered around having to make treats with Girl Scout Cookies is so much fun! I’m not sure how I feel about the prize (instead of the usual cash prize you win a year’s supply of Girl Scout Cookies and an “outdoor adventure) but it’s a fun premise!
The Bachelor // I actually sometimes watch this the next day on Hulu, but since it’s a cable show I’ll leave it in this category. I only started watching The Bachelor franchise about a year ago but boy am I hooked. It’s such a train wreck and a nice way to escape your personal problems, lol. Also, Pete is a terrible Bachelor, he needs to grow a backbone!
Netflix
The Bachelor // A random old season of The Bachelor dropped on Netflix and you bet I watched it ASAP. It’s supposedly one of the more “controversial” seasons (though I feel like they say that about all of them!) It was enjoyable to watch, especially seeing the 2008/2009 fashion choices (yikes) and how people used to actually eat the food on dates.
Love Is Blind // A coworker told me this show is like “The Bachelor on steroids” so of course I had to check it out and YIKES was she right. I’ve only watched the first 1.5 episodes and I’m torn between being fascinated and being bored? I’ll probably go back to it when I’m bored one day without a show to watch (but the premise is so wild it makes The Bachelor look reasonable!)
Cheer // This was JUST AS GOOD as everyone said it was. I’m dying for season 2, I am so invested in the program now! I loved how it also focused not just on their road to Daytona but how cheerleading was a way for so many of the students to find themselves/keep out of trouble/give them a purpose in life.
Hulu
Sailor Moon // So the whole reason I caved and subscribed to Hulu (without ads) is because I wanted to make my way through ALL of the Sailor Moon seasons once and for all. I’m finally on season 4 (there’s a LOT of filler in the original anime) and hoping to finish it soon so I can watch the fifth and final season that was recently dubbed in English for the first time, Sailor Stars (Max gifted me the blue rays for Christmas).
Disney +
The Imagineering Story // So I actually finished this a few months ago but it’s SO GOOD. As a huge Disney fan who loves to learn the history of the parks and not just the films, this was AMAZING. It really takes you through the different Disney eras and how each park came to fruition. I really want more seasons, though I’m not sure what they would cover!
Diary of a Future President // So I decided to try this out because I love that it features a Latinx protagonist and her future rise to the presidency. I’m only two episodes in and have sort of mixed feelings on it- it’s funny and very family, friendly (and fun seeing that it’s clearly set in either the 90s or early 2000s) but it’s so DARK. Like I can barely see what’s happening on the tv screen because the lighting quality is so bad! I don’t know if it’s an issue with the filming or it’s supposed to be dark for the ambiance (I know it’s not my TV because I don’t have any issues with lighting with any other Disney + shows!)
Toy Story Rewatch // Fun fact, I saw the premiere of Toy Story 4 at sea while on a Disney Cruise for my honeymoon, but I was asleep for about 75% of it lol. Once it hit Disney +, Max and I decided to binge all of the Toy Story films in one week so we could really get the full ~experience~. My hot take is that Toy Story 3 is the best out of all the films (that ending!!!) and was the perfect ending and Toy Story 4 was COMPLETELY unnecessary.
Are you currently watching any of these shows? Any upcoming shows that you’re anxiously awaiting? Let me know in the comments!
I REALLY loved Toy Story 3! I thought it was a really good storyline. I actually just watched it for the first time in February, and then also watched the 4th right after. The only thing I like about the 4th is that the ‘villain’ doesn’t turn out so rotten in the end (Stinky Pete and Lotso were mean until the bitter end, Gabby got some redemption), but other than that, 3 would’ve been the ideal ending. We watch them pretty religiously at my house because I have a toddler. ?
Toy Story 3 is the PERFECT Toy Story movie! After rewatching it my husband and I agreed the ending was perfect and had the perfect amount of closure, and felt like 4 seemed really…tacked on? It’s fun to see the gang again and you’re right, Gabby was a good villian but the feelings the end of 3 invoke are unparalleled!Austria is one of the most experienced countries in sustainably managing it's forests [1] (called: Sustainable Forest Management - SFM) - you can watch some of the aspects on how to this below of follow this link to read more about Austrian's SFM experience... [1].Let the three-Michelin-star chef Andreas Caminada explain how to make delicious pickles. This is cooking closer, faster and more direct than you’ve ever seen before.
For making pickles, all you need is water, 10 grams of salt, 30 grams of sugar, 10 grams of mustard seeds, 100 ml of white wine vinegar, 1 branch of estragon (or any other herbs at your disposal), 250 grams of radish or any other vegetable of your choice.
Chef Caminada will show you all the tips and tricks for making delicious pickles, and for storing them perfectly.Things got busy in the office last week, so I didn't have time to post these on the day I "re-tweeted" these on Twitter. Here are some openings from last week:
- King County Library openings by way of JobbieJobs
- Whatcom County Library by way of JobbieJobs
- Sno-Isle Regional Library - various positions by way of JobbieJobs
- "Know a software developer who would like to work at IMDb? Positions in Seattle, Los Angeles & Bristol UK" by way of imdb
The more I look into this, the more I see that Twitter is a rich resource for job hunters. You've got to invest some time to learn the culture and where to look, but there are LOTS of good leads out there!Real Madrid Vs Leganes: Possible Lineups, Team News And Prediction – Cristiano Ronaldo OUT?
Los Blancos will play host to Leganes at the Bernabeu on Saturday, the Madrid club is expected to rest many first team regulars for the match as they prepare for the Uefa Champions League, second leg tie against German giants Bayern Munich.
Real Madrid’s ambition of winning the La Liga title has since evaporated with the winds, as fierce rivals Barcelona are certainly going to wrap up the La Liga title this weekend, however, the best that Zinedine Zidane’s men can hope for is a second place finish in the league.
Barcelona has been dominant this season in the La Liga, they are yet to lose a single match and can boast of a massive 15-point difference between them and third-place Real Madrid, this huge gap is a testament to the fact that Madrid was never in contention for the La Liga crown this season.
You May Also Read: Swansea Vs Chelsea: Possible Lineups, Team News And Prediction
Zinedine Zidane will likely give a lot of fringe players the opportunity to prove their worth, while key players like Cristiano Ronaldo, Luka Modric, Sergio Ramos and Marcelo may be rested for the Leganes game to keep them fresh for the Champions League.
Although Los Blancos were held to a draw by both Athletic Bilbao and Atletico Madrid in their most recent matches, their home form has been very good.
However, in contrast, Leganes have failed to replicate their first half of the season form, they have been poor in the second period of the season, winning just thrice since the start of February but just managing to fall into the relegation struggle.
It is certain that with the second leg of their Champions League semi-final clash with Bayern Munich coming up and an El Classico tie to follow against Barcelona, Zinedine Zidane will rest a couple of key players for Saturday’s match.
Cristiano Ronaldo, Luka Modric, Toni Kroos and Casemiro are some of the first team regulars that are expected to miss the game, while the defence is also expected to be different with Marcelo and Raphael Varane set to be rested and Dani Carvajal out injured.
Gareth Bale and Karim Benzema will likely get the chance to start in attack, while Dani Ceballos, Mateo Kovacic and Marcos Llorente will be in midfield.
An inexperience Madrid defence comprising of Jesus Vallejo, Theo Hernandez and Achraf Hakimi may give Leganes hopes of repeating this season’s Copa del Rey success over Zidane’s team.
Team News
Real Madrid will be without the duo of Dani Carvajal and Isco who have been ruled out with injuries sustained in midweek against Bayern Munich. Also, Nacho is a doubt and star player Cristiano Ronaldo will be left out for this game to rest.
Possible Real Madrid starting XI: Navas, Achraf, Ramos, Vallejo, Theo, Ceballos, Llorente, Kovacic, Bale, Benzema, Asensio
Leganes will be without Captain Martin Mantovani and Alexander Szymanowski who are still out injured, but Ezequiel Munoz could return to the squad.
Possible Leganes starting XI: Cuellar, Zaldua, Bustinza, Siovas, Rico, Gabriel, Perez, Eraso, El Zhar, Amrabat, Ramos.
Real Madrid vs Leganes: Prediction
The Champions League semi-final tie against Bayern Munich is the main priority for Madrid and Zidane will field a heavily rotated squad comprising of mainly fringe players. Therefore, we expect this to be a tight match even though Leganes have been very poor on the road. but against an inexperience Madrid team, we think Leganes can get a draw at the Bernabeu, so our prediction is a full-time draw.- Method
- Open Access
- Published:
Systematic identification and quantification of phase variation in commensal and pathogenic Escherichia coli
Genome Medicine volume 6, Article number: 112 (2014)
3980 Accesses
7 Citations
1 Altmetric
-
Abstract
Bacteria have been shown to generate constant genetic variation in a process termed phase variation. We present a tool based on whole genome sequencing that allows detection and quantification of coexisting genotypes mediated by genomic inversions in bacterial cultures. We tested our method on widely used strains of Escherichia coli, and detected stable and reproducible phase variation in several invertible loci. These are shown here to be responsible for maintaining constant variation in populations grown from a single colony. Applying this tool on other bacterial strains can shed light on how pathogens adjust to hostile environments by diversifying their genomes.
Background
The ability of bacteria to produce heterogeneous populations has far-reaching significance in medicine and bacteriology. Over the course of evolution, bacteria have acquired complex mechanisms to produce heterogeneity within monoclonal populations [1]. These mechanisms were shown to help bacteria survive antibiotic stress [2], evade the immune system [3], and better utilize their surroundings [4]. There are several processes which, over time, can produce heterogeneity in a bacterial population. Phenotypic heterogeneity may arise from differences in the extracellular environment that may drive cells in adjacent locations toward differential activity [5]. Alternatively, bacteria can amplify stochastic processes within the cell to exhibit different gene expression profiles [6], enabling survival under stressful environments [7]. Phenotypic heterogeneity in these examples is believed to occur in genetically uniform populations. Often, lack of phenotype stability is invoked to discriminate between genetic and non-genetic contribution to phenotypic variability. However, transient phenotypic variation has been shown to occur also due to reversible genetic alterations. These alterations have to be rapid - occurring at a higher rate than typical point mutations - and reversible, thus creating two or more distinct, yet interchangeable phases. Over time, these alterations can induce the coexistence of several genotypes within the same colony. Such genotypic variation was observed long ago in a phenomenon termed phase variation (PV), where frequent genomic changes regulate the phenotypic behavior of the bacteria [8] (Figure 1A). In this work we focus our attention on variation within a population, which is derived from reversible changes in the genetic code.
Phase variation caused by inversion. (A) Two genotypes (blue and green circles) are consistently and reproducibly prevalent whenever a single bacterium is grown to a population in a phenomenon termed phase variation. The two genotypes are distinguishable by a genomic inversion - a mutation which occurs when a fragment of DNA residing between two inverted repeats (IRs) is detached from the chromosome, and is then reattached in a reverse manner, resulting in a switch between the two strands. The two phenotypes may differ, for example, if a promoter located inside the fragment changes orientation and alters the transcription (gray arrow) of genes outside the inverted segment. (B) Phase variation in the fim operon. A DNA segment (shaded area) containing the fimA promoter can switch between two phases: an ON phase, where the promoter is correctly oriented, and the fim operon is expressed, and an OFF stage, where it is silenced. The OFF state also destabilizes the DNA recombinase fimE, probably by transcribing its antisense.
Any rapidly occurring and reversible genomic alteration is prone to PV. Past studies revealed that different bacteria can produce genetic heterogeneity by specific mechanisms of genomic change. One such example is the tendency of Neisseria meningitidis to produce PV by slipped-strand mispairing [9]. Among the documented PV-producing mutations, inversions in the DNA sequence are major agents, shown to be the cause of well-studied PV in Escherichia coli and Salmonella typhimurium [10]. Inversions occur when a segment of DNA is detached from the chromosome and is subsequently reattached in a reverse manner (Figure 1A). For an inversion to occur, the inverted segment must be flanked by two inversely oriented repeats (inverted repeats (IRs)). The reason inversions are often linked with PV is their apparent reversibility: two inversion events between the same IRs restore the original sequence.
Inversions are the result of recombination processes [11], and as such are mediated by recombination mechanisms, either by the general homologous recombination mechanism [12],[13] of the cell or by designated enzymes which recognize the flanking IRs as their target [10]. The rates at which inversion events occur in the cell may vary greatly and depend on several factors: the size of the inverted segment (the larger it is the lower the rate) [14], the size of the flanking IRs, their homology and the concentration and affinity of the mediating enzyme [15]. Inversion events may cause variability in the population if the forward and reverse flipping rates are relatively high (several orders of magnitude higher than the random mutation rate). These rates also dictate the relative abundance of each variant in the population at steady state. In the simple two variants case, the forward:reverse variants ratio is inversely proportional to that of the forward and reverse flipping rates [16].
The most studied PV in E. coli is the fim operon, which controls the expression of type I fimbriae. Coding for a surface appendage essential for interacting with host cells, fimA is also a major antigenic target for the immune system [17]. Clonal variation in its expression can be viewed as an evolutionary approach of bet-hedging - a risk managing strategy ensuring the survival of a subpopulation from the host’s immune response [18]. An invertible sequence of 296 bp, containing a promoter, controls the expression of the fimA gene, serving as an ON/OFF switch (Figure 1B) [19]. The inversion is mediated by the neighboring genes fimB and fimE. In addition to controlling fimA expression, the inversion also affects the stability of fimE, thus breaking the symmetry between the forward/reverse flipping rates [8].
While traditionally considered to be of little significance to cell function, it is now recognized that inversions may have phenotypic consequences. Small inversions encompassing a gene or part of an operon may change transcription direction, disrupt the amino acid sequence of a peptide, or create hybrid peptides. Large inversions displacing hundreds or even thousands of genes may either alter the gene expression profile by changing the location of genes on the replication arm (replichore) or hinder the replication process by disrupting the balance between the two replichores [20]. Large inversions, and the variability they produce, have been associated with various phenotypes, such as antibiotic resistance [21], reduced growth rate [22] and small colonies formation [23].
Early studies on bacterial variation singled out a distinguishable property (such as motility) in order to sort bacteria into subpopulations [19]; however, not all biological traits are easily distinguishable or easy to use as filtering criteria. Other studies compared the genomes of several clones of the same species [24] or of different species from the same lineage [25] in order to identify highly mutable sequences able to produce PV. However, this method overlooks variable loci that fail to fix in either orientation even inside a clone. Recent work aiming to discover PV using advanced sequencing methods was done in the pathogen Bacteroides fragilis, incorporating knowledge of IR locations and the presence of chimeric sequences to find inversions [26],[27].
We suggest a systematic ‘tabula rasa’ approach, where genotypic variation is identified genome-wide, without a priori knowledge on its phenotypic effect and with no reliance on genomic features such as IRs. We present a new and simple method for detection of inversions and quantification of PV in bacteria via paired-end whole genome sequencing (WGS) technologies.
Paired-end WGS produces pairs of short reads, representing the sequences of both ends of longer inserts. Since sequencing is unidirectional (from 5′ to 3′), it is normally expected that the pairs consist of one read aligned to the plus strand and another aligned to the minus strand (the complementary strand of the reference genome). It is also expected that the gap size - the calculated genomic distance between the pair - represents the original insert size (Figure 2A). These expectations combine to produce a distinct pattern, revealed when plotting read gap sizes against their genomic locations. The scattering of reads will concentrate around the actual insert size line, in a display we call a 'ribbon' (Figure 2B). Genomic areas that deviate from the ribbon pattern may indicate a genomic rearrangement.
Whole genome sequencing and detection of inversions. (A) In the WGS process, sequenced genome is shredded into inserts approximately 500 bp long. Each insert is sequenced from both ends (paired ends), resulting in a pair of approximately 100 bp reads. Each read is mapped independently to the reference genome, and the gap size between the insert’s edges is determined for each pair. The gap size of each read is then plotted against the read’s genomic location. As long as the actual genome is identical to the reference genome, we expect a 'ribbon' formation around 500 bp (gray diamonds). (B) Experimental paired-end data exhibiting the ribbon formation. (C) When the sequenced genome deviates from the reference genome by an inversion (represented by gray shading), inserts whose reads lie on both sides of the inversion’s edge display a unique pattern that we term a 'funnel' (two symmetric diagonal lines composed of abnormally aligned reads). (D) Experimental paired-end data exhibiting a funnel around an inversion (blue diamonds represent plus strand paired with plus strand and green diamonds represent minus strand paired with minus strand). Note that only abnormal gap size reads are shown. (E) Results of the systematic inversion detection algorithm for two strains of E. coli. Exact genomic coordinates are available in Table S1 in Additional file 1.
Methods
Detection of inversions by paired-end whole genome sequencing
Genomic loci deviating from the reference genome by inversions display a unique pattern of paired-end WGS mapping, distinguishable from un-inverted (or normal) loci and from other chromosomal rearrangements. While plotting read gap size against genomic location normally results in a ribbon pattern composed of normally aligned pairs of reads, this pattern is disrupted by reads originating from inverted loci. Pairs of reads consisting of one read lying outside and the other read inside the inversion exhibit abnormal pairing (both reads are mapped to the plus strand or to the minus strand) and increased gap size, because the inside read changes strand orientation and genomic location due to the inversion (Figure 2C). Subsequently, plotting reads gap sizes against their genomic location reveals a unique pattern we term a 'funnel', composed of abnormal reads around inversions, replacing the horizontal 'ribbon' (Figure 2D). These two distinct characterizations of mapping, distinguishable because of the excellent quality of the WGS, allow us to scan whole genomes for inversions with a very high detection rate (Additional file 1). Once an inversion is identified, the 'inversion funnel' also allows us to examine the coexistence of the forward and reverse orientations in the population.
Experimental setup and design
The algorithm for detection and quantification of inversions was applied on the genomes of three different strains of E. coli: K12 MGY (which is a derivate of the widely used commensal MG1655 expressing yfp), its close kin KLY, which contains the F plasmid integrated into its chromosome (hfr), and a well-accepted wild-type pathogenic E. coli (EPEC) as well as several derivates of those strains. For each strain, at least four different clones were sequenced, each clone deriving from a single colony grown on solid medium and under normal growth conditions. The growth and preparation protocols for the clones are described in Additional file 1. A summary of the PV loci detected in the sequences of all strains is presented in Table S1 in Additional file 1 and Figure 2E. Every reported PV in this paper was found to exist in similar proportions in all sequenced colonies and their existence was validated by PCR.
Genomic extraction and whole genome sequencing
Clones were grown from a single colony to OD 0.3. Genomic DNA was extracted using QIAGEN’s DNeasy Blood and Tissue kit (from Venlo, Netherlands) Paired-end WGS was performed on Illumina HiSeq2000 by the Beijing Genomic Institute. Genomic DNA samples >6 μg (>30 ng/μl concentration) were sheared to give a mean fragment size of 500 bp. Sequencing libraries were constructed by the Beijing Genomic Institute, using a Paired‐end Sample Prep Kit. Sequencing requirements were set to an average coverage of × 100 and a read length of 90 to 100 bp. Sequencing quality was affirmed by the fastqc algorithm. Genomic analysis and manipulation were conducted in the Galaxy environment [28],[29]. All WGS raw data are available as NCBI BioProject PRJNA255355.
Mapping of clones to the reference genome
The method of creating an accurate reference genome was reported in a previous publication [30]. Sequencing data for each clone were aligned to the corresponding reference genome using the BWA alignment tool [31]. The genomic locations of reads and gap sizes of inserts were directly extracted from the mapping SAM file. The orientation of reads was calculated from the SAM bit flag data. All parts of the detection and quantification algorithm are publicly available, and a step-by-step tutorial for using the method is presented in Additional file 2.
Mate pair sequencing
DNA was prepared similarly as for paired-end sequencing. Sequencing requirements were set to × 100 coverage and 2 kb insert size. Reads were reversed and complemented, and then aligned to the reference genome by BWA mapper similarly to PE sequencing.
PCR validation
Each reported PV was reaffirmed using PCR. A typical PCR assay consisted of three primers, one outside the inversion boundaries and two within the inversion, such that when the outer primer was paired with each of the inner primers, it would exhibit a band.
Sanger sequencing
The existence of micro-inversions was confirmed in the KLY mutant strain by PCR of the genomic area and Sanger sequencing from both primers.
Results
FimA exhibits low abundance phase variation in K12 clones
We set out to test our method on an established PV locus, fim, and looked for variation in it in different strains of E. coli. Our analysis shows PV in all sequenced colonies of MGY and KLY, albeit at low abundance. Our method not only detects the PV loci but also enables quantification of the relative abundances of the two orientations. We found that the fim locus is 98 to 99% in the forward orientation (corresponding to the reference genome in the K12 strains), in agreement with previous reports [8]. A similar PV was identified in the fim locus of the EPEC strains grown at 37°C. We conclude that our method is able to detect phase variation by DNA inversion, even when the two genotypes co-exist in relative abundances of 1:100. Analyzing the performance of our method, we conclude that at a coverage of × 100, the probability for a false negative PV at that ratio is approximately 0.04. Clearly, PVs of higher abundance have negligible rates of false negatives (see Additional file 1 for a statistical analysis).
Reproducible phase variation of e14 prophage in MGY under standard growth conditions
K12 MG1655 is the most commonly studied lab strain of E. coli, and considered a model for studying bacteria [32]. We performed WGS on its derivate MGY [2]. Whole-genome search for inversions in clonal populations of MGY grown under standard conditions revealed one locus exhibiting clear PV by inversion. The inverted locus resides inside a remnant of a defective prophage known as e14 [33]. This prophage is known to harbor an invertase gene, pinE, which regulates the inversion of a neighboring invertible segment. An inversion event causes the fusion of two ORFs in the prophage, and might also turn on the expression of two proteins residing inside the inverted segment (Figure 3A) [33],[34]. Mapping at this locus in all clones showed the co-existence of both a funnel and a ribbon formation (Figure 3B), suggesting PV. The coexistence of the two genotypes was then confirmed using PCR (Figure 3C).
MGY e14 phase variation. (A) ORF analysis of the phage e14 invertible locus. The invertase pinE resides next to the inverted locus (represented by a shaded rectangle). In the reverse orientation stfE is attached to ycfK, producing a longer ORF than in the forward variant (fusion of the red and green segments). ORFs in all figures were inferred using SnapGene® software (from GSL Biotech, Chicago, IL, USA). (B) Gap size distribution plotted against chromosomal position, centered on the e14 invertible locus. Two formations coexist at the same locus: a ribbon formation of normal reads (gray), and a funnel formation of abnormal reads (blue and green). The relative abundance of each formation represents the relative fraction of each genotype in the bacterial population. The IRs flanking the inversion are marked by orange rectangles (C) PCR confirmation of the coexistence of two genotypes. PCR was conducted on a single MGY colony with two sets of primers. Extracted genomic DNA was used as template for both sets (see Additional file 1 for description of primers). Each band represents the existence of one orientation in the population.
Under the assumption that each WGS insert is sampled independently from the bacterial population - hence, the composition of reads represents that of the population - we discovered that the normal:flipped genotype ratio is 1:1, which is expected of a PV at equilibrium where the forward and reverse flipping rates are equal [16]. The coexistence of two equally abundant genotypes in MGY clonal populations, corresponding to each orientation, is noteworthy, and should be accounted for when considering phenotypic variability in this strain. No other PVs were detected in MGY grown under standard conditions.
Systematic detection of phase variation in pathogenic E. coli(EPEC) reveals a total of three variable loci in prophages
E. coli (0127:H6) E2348/69 (abbreviated EPEC) is a pathogenic strain isolated from an infection [35]. Three invertible loci were identified on its chromosome. One, located in a Mu prophage, was confirmed as a PV, showing a slight tendency toward the forward orientation. Another PV was found inside a P2-like prophage (Figures S1 to S5 in Additional file 1).
The last invertible locus found in the EPEC genome, also residing inside a P2 like prophage, showed a unique pattern of two interlaced funnels mixed with a ribbon formation (Figure 4A). We hypothesized that more than one DNA segment has the ability to undergo inversion in the locus and that more than two variants coexist in the population, a phenomenon referred to as a shufflon in the literature [36]. An analysis of the sequence identified three partially homologous IRs, which theoretically allow for two distinct inversion events to occur. We concluded that the nature of this module allows for four distinct variants (Figure 4B). Each variant can mutate into two of the other variants by an inversion event. We validated the coexistence of the four variants by PCR and, adjusting the quantification method for a four-variant case, were able to measure the abundances of each inversion event separately. Our results indicate that the big inversion remains stable between samples (where the forward variant consists of about 90% of the population), whereas the small inversion shows large variance (Figure 4C; Additional file 1).
Complex phase variation in EPEC. (A) Two overlapping 'funnel' formations indicate a complex structure of PV. A large inversion (around 2,200 bp) and a smaller inversion (around 1,800 bp) coincide within the same module. (B) Sequence analysis revealed three homologous inverted repeats in the locus (green arrows), which allow for the two inversions. Further analysis indicated four possible variants. Each variant can mutate into two of the other variants by any of the two inversions. (C) While the large inversion retains stable proportions in all clones, the small inversion is unstable and displays great variance between samples. Error bars represent standard deviation between five independently sequenced and analyzed single colonies.
Detection of micro- and mega-inversions in the KLY strain
The 'inversion funnel' detection method relies on the existence of pairs of reads composed of one read within the inversion’s boundaries and one read outside. Inversions whose nature does not allow the existence of such pairs are thus virtually undetectable by the presented method. We extended our methodology to include the detection of such inversions as well, using WGS (Figure 5A).
Detection of inversions of different sizes. (A) A summary of all inversion detection techniques presented in this paper and the conditions in which they are applicable. Small inversions will be evident as a sequence of SNPs or by a concentration of soft trimmed reads, while large inversions flanked by oversized IRs can be discovered by mate-pair WGS or by coverage trends. (B) Funnel detection in mate-pair data: gap size against genomic location plots centered on both ends of a mega-inversion. Mate-pair WGS with 2 kbp insert size reveals a funnel pattern in the boundaries of a suspected inverted segment. This funnel is not seen when using a 500 bp insert size. (C) PCR confirmation of the inversion. The wild-type (wt) and mutated strains were compared, using two sets of primers forward (F) and reverse (R), corresponding to both orientations. (D) Inversion detection by coverage trends. Coverage plots of the entire chromosome of the KLY mutant depict the average coverage of a genomic area against its location. Top: mapping to the reference genome reveals a 700 kbp disruption in the coverage trend caused by the mega-inversion. Bottom: mapping to a revised reference genome incorporating the mega-inversion negates the disruption. The origin of replication (ori) and replication terminus (ter) are indicated by arrows.
Non-variable micro-inversion in an evolved strain confers antibiotic tolerance
We sequenced six mutant clones derived from the E. coli KLY strain and systematically searched for inversions. All six sequenced KLY clones were isolated in a related study, where bacterial cultures were evolved under cyclic antibiotic pressure for different time intervals. These clones exhibit a distinct phenotype of increased tolerance to bactericidal treatment by significantly extending their lag phase [30]. We reported that one of the KLY derivates harbored an inversion 24 bp long, flanked by 8 bp IRs on each end. This inversion, too small to encompass a WGS read, falsely appeared as a sequence of single nucleotide substitutions in close proximity. Manual scrutiny of the mutated area revealed its true nature. Unlike other inversions reported in this paper, the KLY mutant was not heterogeneous in that locus - 100% of reads mapped to that area showed the inversion thumbprint. This inversion, whose existence was confirmed by PCR and Sanger sequencing, is located inside the F plasmid (incorporated into the bacterial chromosome), disrupting the amino acid sequence of the product of an antitoxin gene, and thus conferring a distinct phenotype of antibiotic tolerance (termed the tbl phenotype), as was previously reported in toxin-antitoxin mutants [37]. This observation was confirmed by genetic manipulation: deletion of the entire toxin/antitoxin module cancelled the tolerance and the wild-type phenotype was restored.
Non-variable mega-inversion in a strain evolved under cyclic antibiotic exposure
The same KLY strain that acquired tolerance by micro-inversion after cyclic exposure to antibiotic stress was found to also harbor an inversion of approximately 700 kb, flanked by IRs of approximately 1,000 bp. Such an inversion is difficult to detect by the technique described above because of the limitation imposed by large IRs. The larger the IRs, the fewer pairs where one read is within and the other is outside the inversion. If the IR size exceeds that of the insert size, we expect no such pairs at all, making such inversions invisible to our detection algorithm.
Two complementary approaches can be combined to allow detection of inversions flanked by large IRs. The straightforward approach is to increase insert size. Indeed, by applying mate-pair WGS, with insert size averaging 2 kb, on the same mutant strain harboring a micro-inversion, we were able to detect an otherwise hidden inversion funnel (Figure 5B). The newly revealed inversion, spanning approximately 700 kb, was found to be flanked by two inversely oriented copies of the 1 kbp long insertion element insH. Applying the same pipeline to the mate-pair data (with relevant adjustments), we determined that the inversion is homogenous and dominates the entire population.
In addition to confirmation by a PCR assay (Figure 5C), the existence of the inversion was confirmed by examining coverage trends in regular paired-end WGS of the same strain. Bacteria sequenced at the exponential growth phase show a significant decreasing trend in read coverage between the origin of replication and the terminus, due to ongoing parallel replication of DNA at the origin of replication. When this trend is non-monotonic, it might indicate that a large chromosomal rearrangement has occurred between the sequenced clone and the reference genome [38]. Coverage trend plots of the mutant strain show a clear disruption in the area of inversion, while mapping the strain to a reference genome incorporating the inversion makes the disruption disappear (Figure 5D). This finding supports our detection of the inversion by funnel detection in mate-pair data, and shows that paired-end WGS can sometimes be applied to discover inversions whose IR size exceeds the insert size.
The inversion was subsequently characterized by means of a conjugation assay, transferring the inverted locus as a whole to a different strain. PCR and WGS were then applied to the recipient strain to confirm the presence of the inversion. The recipient strain showed no phenotypic difference from the wild type, establishing that the inversion had no apparent effect on phenotype. The conjugation protocol and the analysis of the recipient strain are depicted in Additional file 1.
Discussion
We present a simple method for detection and analysis of genetic variation in bacterial populations. Our method is based on WGS data and relies on the misalignment of reads inside inverted loci as indicators of inversion events. We show that under the sequencing scheme used here, it can detect inversions that occur in only 1% of the sequenced population with a low rate of false negatives (<5%). We also suggest complementary ways for the detection of inversions whose nature prevents detection by our methods.
The same pipeline is applicable both to paired-end and to mate-pair technologies, and with modest tweaking can cover a wide range of genomic alterations. Genomic variation and PV can be caused by agents other than inversions: slipped strand mispairing [39], insertion/excision [40] or amplification/deletion [41] to name a few examples. Since all of these genomic alterations leave a distinct and recognizable signature on WGS mapping, detection and quantitative analysis of PV caused by these alterations is feasible using very similar methods, and might be used to better comprehend the inherent genetic variability in seemingly clonal bacterial populations. Similar methods can also be used to characterize diversity in batch cultures, keeping track of emergence and fixation of genomic rearrangements [42].
Several limitations of our method should be mentioned. The existence of the inversion funnel depends on WGS parameters, specifically read and insert sizes and coverage depth. Detection of inversions which do not display the funnel requires altering these parameters (for example, increasing insert size) or applying complementary approaches (for example, coverage trends). Another inherent shortcoming of our method is lack of external validation for the quantitative aspect. An encouraging finding is the detection of the mega-inversion both by coverage trends and by mate-pair sequencing.
Applying our methodology on widely used strains of E. coli, we demonstrate that these strains constantly produce heterogeneous populations, in a predictable and reproducible manner. Apart from the fim textbook case, all variable loci detected are within prophages and were previously identified as segments that might be found in different orientations in different strains [34],[43],[44]. These loci are recognized by enzymes which are close homologs of the hin gene responsible for PV in Salmonella [45]. Our findings indicate that, in standard conditions, these segments constantly flip, producing two or more genetically distinct subpopulations within the same culture originating from a single colony.
Two processes can equally account for the observed phenomena: either enough flipping events had occurred to reach equilibrium by the time DNA was extracted from the population; or the genotype of the founder bacterium is still dominant and is slowly decaying. In order to resolve which of these hypotheses is correct, we need a good estimate of the number of divisions and of the absolute flipping rates. The number of divisions required to form a colony from a single cell on LB agar is estimated at 109. Additional growth on liquid LB prior to DNA extraction results in approximately 2 × 109 divisions. Flipping rates are hard to estimate, and can vary widely, which means that each PV should be judged separately. Flipping rates for fimA in MG1655 were previously estimated at 10-3 and 10-1 events per division for OFF → ON and ON → OFF transitions, respectively [8],[19]. Our findings that the forward:reverse proportions were approximately 100:1 agree with the hypothesis that the variants are at equilibrium. Solving a dynamic model of the inversion with the estimated parameters of fimA confirms that the population reaches steady state long before DNA extraction (Additional file 1).
The same basic variation mechanism - the combination of an invertase and a set of IRs - can produce complex processes. We found a set of three IRs whose positioning allows for four different genomic variants and three alternative carboxyl termini for the same protein, thus broadening the range of available phenotypes. We found that all four variants coexist in the population. A simpler version of the same mechanism (in a different P2 like prophage) produces only two variants. Thus, the architecture of IRs plays a major role in variation production.
The phenotypic effect of the PV reported in this work is yet to be fully understood. All variable sequences found in phages are used by the phages to alternate between tail fiber structures [35], in order to diversify their host range specificity [46] as a bet-hedging strategy that increases chances of survival after lysis [47]. However, over the course of evolution bacteria can assimilate prophages and use their genetic material for their own benefit [48] and it is intriguing to speculate whether our investigated strains utilized these inherent heterogeneity-generating processes for other purposes of medical significance. For example, a recent study demonstrated how the commensal Xenorhabdus bovienii utilizes P2-type prophages to compete with other bacteria in its environment, potentially channeling the phage’s host-range diversity to its own advantage [49]. This utility of prophage heterogeneity might have a role in shaping the composition of the microbiome and combating pathogenic invasions. Additionally, the conservation of these invertible sequences in many bacterial strains also suggests an adaptive role in bacterial evolution [50]. We also report two homogenous inversions in a mutant of KLY evolved under antibiotic stress, dominating the entire population. Of these two, the micro-inversion was shown to have a phenotypic effect of increased tolerance to antibiotic, whereas the mega-inversion was found to have no effect on cell behavior (Additional file 1). It would be interesting to investigate further whether antibiotic exposure itself can promote the appearance of inversions of various sizes.
The term ‘phenotypic variability’ is often used to describe the phenomenon where two cells behave differently although they contain identical genetic content [1]. However, the evidence for identical genetic content is usually inferred from the fact that the culture originated from a single colony, and that the phenotypic variability is maintained through re-growth after inoculation of any of the subpopulations. Considering the prevalence of PV presented in this paper, accepted cases of phenotypic variability could theoretically be caused by hidden genetic mutations. Therefore, we sequenced an E. coli KLY strain containing the hipA7 mutation, which causes an increase in the number of persister (or dormant) cells in the population (10 to 30%), thus inducing greater population variability [37]. This mutation was previously connected to the threshold-based amplification of gene expression noise [7]. We used our methodology to test whether a PV-related mechanism could be detected and conducted WGS mapping to search for variable loci. No genotypic variation was found in that strain, substantially supporting the understanding that the phenotypic heterogeneity observed in this strain is indeed non-genetic.
The emergence of next generation sequencing heralded a revolution in the ability to comprehend the entirety of genomic processes. At first, researchers were content to apply this technology for the discovery of point mutations. Later, genomic rearrangement discovery techniques were developed [51]. We view the analysis of inherently variable sites as an important tier in this shared effort.
Conclusions
By using simple computational tools we demonstrate how genetic heterogeneity caused by inversions can be identified, measured and modeled. We show that commensal and pathogenic strains of E. coli use inversions as mechanisms for producing genetic heterogeneity. While the function of this mechanism remains to be fully resolved, it is clear that genetic heterogeneity can contribute to fitness, especially for pathogens which must perform various tasks simultaneously in hostile environments. An array of sequencing techniques and detection tools can be combined in order to attain a complete picture of the diversity of genomes in seemingly clonal bacterial populations.
Additional files
Abbreviations
- bp:
base pair
- IR:
inverted repeat
- ORF:
open reading frame
- PCR:
polymerase chain reaction
- PV:
phase variation
- SNP:
single-nucleotide polymorphism
- WGS:
whole genome sequencing
References
- 1.
Avery S: Microbial cell individuality and the underlying sources of heterogeneity. Nat Rev Microbiol. 2006, 4: 577-587. 10.1038/nrmicro1460.
- 2.
Balaban N, Merrin J, Chait R, Kowalik L, Leibler S: Bacterial persistence as a phenotypic switch. Science. 2004, 305: 1622-1625. 10.1126/science.1099390.
- 3.
Brunham R, Plummer F, Stephens R: Bacterial antigenic variation, host immune response, and pathogen-host coevolution. Infect Immun. 1993, 61: 2273-2276.
- 4.
Ozbudak E, Thattai M, Lim H, Shraiman B, Van Oudenaarden A: Multistability in the lactose utilization network of Escherichia coli. Nature. 2004, 427: 737-740. 10.1038/nature02298.
- 5.
Stewart P, Franklin M: Physiological heterogeneity in biofilms. Nat Rev Microbiol. 2008, 6: 199-210. 10.1038/nrmicro1838.
- 6.
Süel G, Kulkarni R, Dworkin J, Garcia-Ojalvo J, Elowitz M: Tunability and noise dependence in differentiation dynamics. Science. 2007, 315: 1716-1719. 10.1126/science.1137455.
- 7.
Rotem E, Loinger A, Ronin I, Levin-Reisman I, Gabay C, Shoresh N, Biham O, Balaban N: Regulation of phenotypic variability by a threshold-based mechanism underlies bacterial persistence. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2010, 107: 12541-12546. 10.1073/pnas.1004333107.
- 8.
van der Woude M, Bäumler A: Phase and antigenic variation in bacteria. Clin Microbiol Rev. 2004, 17: 581-10.1128/CMR.17.3.581-611.2004.
- 9..
- 10.
van de Putte P, Goosen N: DNA inversions in phages and bacteria. Trends Genet. 1992, 8: 457-462. 10.1016/0168-9525(92)90331-W.
- 11.
Treangen T, Abraham A-L, Touchon M, Rocha E: Genesis, effects and fates of repeats in prokaryotic genomes. FEMS Microbiol Rev. 2009, 33: 539-571. 10.1111/j.1574-6976.2009.00169.x.
- 12.
Schofield M, Agbunag R, Miller J: DNA inversions between short inverted repeats in Escherichia coli. Genetics. 1992, 132: 295-302.
- 13.
Kowalczykowski S, Dixon D, Eggleston A, Lauder S, Rehrauer W: Biochemistry of homologous recombination in Escherichia coli. Microbiol Rev. 1994, 58: 401-465.
- 14.
Chédin F, Dervyn E, Dervyn R, Ehrlich S, Noirot P: Frequency of deletion formation decreases exponentially with distance between short direct repeats. Mol Microbiol. 1994, 12: 561-569. 10.1111/j.1365-2958.1994.tb01042.x.
- 15.
Vulić M, Dionisio F, Taddei F, Radman M: Molecular keys to speciation: DNA polymorphism and the control of genetic exchange in enterobacteria. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 1997, 94: 9763-9767. 10.1073/pnas.94.18.9763.
- 16.
Saunders N, Moxon E, Gravenor M: Mutation rates: estimating phase variation rates when fitness differences are present and their impact on population structure. Microbiology. 2003, 149: 485-495. 10.1099/mic.0.25807-0.
- 17.
Kisiela D, Chattopadhyay S, Tchesnokova V, Paul S, Weissman S, Medenica I, Clegg S, Sokurenko E: Evolutionary analysis points to divergent physiological roles of type 1 fimbriae in Salmonella and Escherichia coli. mBio. 2013, 4: e00625-12-10.1128/mBio.00625-12.
- 18.
Veening J-W, Smits W, Kuipers O: Bistability, epigenetics, and bet-hedging in bacteria. Annu Rev Microbiol. 2008, 62: 193-210. 10.1146/annurev.micro.62.081307.163002.
- 19.
Abraham J, Freitag C, Clements J, Eisenstein B: An invertible element of DNA controls phase variation of type 1 fimbriae of Escherichia coli. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 1985, 82: 5724-5727. 10.1073/pnas.82.17.5724.
- 20.
Esnault E, Valens M, Espéli O, Boccard F: Chromosome structuring limits genome plasticity in Escherichia coli. PLoS Genet. 2007, 3: e226-10.1371/journal.pgen.0030226.
- 21.
Kojic M, Jovcic B, Begovic J, Fira D, Topisirovic L: Large chromosomal inversion correlated with spectinomycin resistance in Lactococcus lactis subsp. lactis bv. diacetylactis S50. Can J Microbiol. 2008, 54: 143-149. 10.1139/W07-121.
- 22.
Okinaka R, Price E, Wolken S, Gruendike J, Chung W, Pearson T, Xie G, Munk C, Hill K, Challacombe J, Ivins B, Schupp J, Beckstrom-Sternberg S, Friedlander A, Keim P: An attenuated strain of Bacillus anthracis (CDC 684) has a large chromosomal inversion and altered growth kinetics. BMC Genomics. 2011, 12: 477-10.1186/1471-2164-12-477.
- 23.
Cui L, Neoh HM, Iwamoto A, Hiramatsu K: Coordinated phenotype switching with large-scale chromosome flip-flop inversion observed in bacteria. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2012, 109: E1647-E1656. 10.1073/pnas.1204307109.
- 24.
Parkhill J, Wren B, Mungall K, Ketley J, Churcher C, Basham D, Chillingworth T, Davies R,. 10.1038/35001088.
- 25.
Gilbert M, Karwaski M-F, Bernatchez S, Young N, Taboada E, Michniewicz J, Cunningham A-M, Wakarchuk W:. 10.1074/jbc.M108452200.
- 26.
Cerdeño-Tárraga A, Patrick S, Crossman L, Blakely G, Abratt V, Lennard N, Poxton I, Duerden B, Harris B, Quail M, Barron A, Clark L, Corton C, Doggett J, Holden M, Larke N, Line A, Lord A, Norbertczak H, Ormond D, Price C, Rabbinowitsch E, Woodward J: Barrell B. Parkhill J: Extensive DNA inversions in the B. fragilis genome control variable gene expression. Science. 2005, 307: 1463-1465.
- 27. U S A. 2004, 101: 14919-14924. 10.1073/pnas.0404172101.
- 28.
Goecks J, Nekrutenko A, Taylor J, Galaxy T: Galaxy: a comprehensive approach for supporting accessible, reproducible, and transparent computational research in the life sciences. Genome Biol. 2010, 11: R86, 19: 21-
- 30.
Fridman O, Goldberg A, Ronin I, Shoresh N, Balaban N: Optimization of lag time underlies antibiotic tolerance in evolved bacterial populations. Nature. 2014, 513: 418-421. 10.1038/nature13469.
- 31.
Li H, Durbin R: Fast and accurate short read alignment with Burrows-Wheeler transform. Bioinformatics. 2009, 25: 1754-1760. 10.1093/bioinformatics/btp324.
- 32.
Blattner F, Plunkett62. 10.1126/science.277.5331.1453.
- 33..
- 34.
Plasterk R, van de Putte P: The invertible P-DNA segment in the chromosome of Escherichia coli. EMBO J. 1985, 4: 237-242.
- 35.
Iguchi A, Thomson N, Ogura Y, Saunders D, Ooka T, Henderson I, Harris D, Asadulghani M, Kurokawa K, Dean P, Kenny B, Quail M, Thurston S, Dougan G, Hayashi T, Parkhill J, Frankel G: Complete genome sequence and comparative genome analysis of enteropathogenic Escherichia coli O127:H6 strain E2348/69. J Bacteriol. 2009, 191: 347-354. 10.1128/JB.01238-08.
- 36.
Komano T: Shufflons: multiple inversion systems and integrons. Annu Rev Genet. 1999, 33: 171-191. 10.1146/annurev.genet.33.1.171.
- 37.
Moyed H, Bertrand K: hipA, a newly recognized gene of Escherichia coli K-12 that affects frequency of persistence after inhibition of murein synthesis. J Bacteriol. 1983, 155: 768-775.
- 38.
Skovgaard O, Bak M, Løbner-Olesen A, Tommerup N: Genome-wide detection of chromosomal rearrangements, indels, and mutations in circular chromosomes by short read sequencing. Genome Res. 2011, 21: 1388-1393. 10.1101/gr.117416.110.
- 39.
Murphy GL, Connell TD, Barritt DS, Koomey M, Cannon JG: Phase variation of gonococcal protein II: regulation of gene expression by slipped-strand mispairing of a repetitive DNA sequence. Cell. 1989, 56: 539-547. 10.1016/0092-8674(89)90577-1.
- 40.
Higgins B, Carpenter C, Karls A: Chromosomal context directs high-frequency precise excision of IS492 in Pseudoalteromonas atlantica. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2007, 104: 1901-1906. 10.1073/pnas.0608633104.
- 41.
Waite R, Penfold D, Struthers J, Dowson C: Spontaneous sequence duplications within capsule genes cap8E and tts control phase variation in Streptococcus pneumoniae serotypes 8 and 37. Microbiology. 2003, 149: 497-504. 10.1099/mic.0.26011-0.
- 42.
Sun S, Ke R, Hughes D, Nilsson M, Andersson D: Genome-wide detection of spontaneous chromosomal rearrangements in bacteria. PLoS One. 2012, 7: e42639-10.1371/journal.pone.0042639.
- 43.
Kutsukake K, Nakashima H, Tominaga A, Abo T: Two DNA invertases contribute to flagellar phase variation in Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium strain LT2. J Bacteriol. 2006, 188: 950-957. 10.1128/JB.188.3.950-957.2006.
- 44.
Grundy F, Howe M: Involvement of the invertible G segment in bacteriophage mu tail fiber biosynthesis. Virology. 1984, 134: 296-317. 10.1016/0042-6822(84)90299-X.
- 45.
Zieg J, Simon M: Analysis of the nucleotide sequence of an invertible controlling element. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 1980, 77: 4196-4200. 10.1073/pnas.77.7.4196.
- 46.
Nguyen.
- 47.
Meyers LA, Bull JJ: Fighting change with change: adaptive variation in an uncertain world. Trends Ecol Evol. 2002, 17: 551-557. 10.1016/S0169-5347(02)02633-2.
- 48.
Wang X, Kim Y, Ma Q, Hong S, Pokusaeva K, Sturino J, Wood T: Cryptic prophages help bacteria cope with adverse environments. Nat Commun. 2010, 1: 147-10.1038/ncomms1146.
- 49.
Morales-Soto N, Gaudriault S, Ogier J-C, Thappeta K, Forst S: Comparative analysis of P2-type remnant prophage loci in Xenorhabdus bovienii and Xenorhabdus nematophila required for xenorhabdicin production. FEMS Microbiol Lett. 2012, 333: 69-76. 10.1111/j.1574-6968.2012.02600.x.
- 50.: 279-300. 10.1016/j.jmb.2004.03.058.
- 51..
Acknowledgements
We would like to thank Liran Carmel and Rotem Sorek for comments on the manuscript, Amir Eden for his enlightening insight and Ilan Rosenshine for strains and advice. The work is supported by European Research Council (Starting Grant #260871) and the Israel Science Foundation (592/10).
Additional information
Competing interests
The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
Authors’ contributions
AG and OF designed the computational tools. AG and IR processed samples and organized DNA sequencing. AG and NQB designed the experiments. AG performed the experiments and analyzed the data. AG and NQB wrote the manuscript. All authors read and approved the final manuscript.
Authors’ original submitted files for images
Below are the links to the authors’ original submitted files for images.
Rights and permissions
About this article
Cite this article
Goldberg, A., Fridman, O., Ronin, I. et al. Systematic identification and quantification of phase variation in commensal and pathogenic Escherichia coli. Genome Med 6, 112 (2014).
Received:
Accepted:
Published:
DOI:
Keywords
- Reference Genome
- Whole Genome Sequencing
- Phase Variation
- Inversion Event
- Inverted SegmentIn this white paper, Michael Carnahan, Director of Client Services, explores Business as a Service model (BaaS) to help organizations deploy customized services and understand the impact of ready-made business processes.
Please click on the video to the right to learn more about the author, his paper’s key points, and his motivation for writing on this subject.
To discuss this white paper in more detail, please contact Michael using the information provided at the end of the article.
Business as a Service (BaaS) is a business model that offers real-life services such as accounting, marketing, or IT to other businesses. BaaS is characterized by an instant, on-demand service where businesses pay only for what they use (some refer to this as a utility model). According to Ed Miller, managing director for Accenture’s Workday Business Group, "The marketplace is quickly moving toward a new era of service delivery where applications, infrastructure, and business processes are brought together and delivered as-a-service." The overall theme in this model is the provision of companies with "plug-in, scalable, consumption-based services," guaranteeing better business outcomes (Miller, 2019).¹
So, what makes businesses want to partner with BaaS providers? Simply, instant gratification. According to Deloitte Insights (2017), organizations are seeking fast, easy, and seamless access to core business services that other businesses are offering and maintaining, enjoying the same benefits as if they did it themselves.² With BaaS, businesses can deploy customized services and ready-made business processes. Most importantly, businesses can become more agile in managing their people and technology costs.
One of our large clients who runs urgent care clinics across the country was new to the BaaS model. On many occasions, their leadership set aside our discussions about what we could do for them outside of coding and billing. When the topic of accounting or business office support comes up, many clients are quick to say, “we’re good.” And they’re not always wrong. But what happens if there is a shortage of qualified talent. What if there was say… a pandemic?
Historically, saving costs was one of the primary drivers for outsourcing, whether it was IT services, marketing, or medical coding and billing. A survey study by Deloitte highlighted three key reasons for outsourcing: cost, enabling core business functions, and solving capacity issues. Business organizations are outsourcing today, less for the cost savings and more for the transformational change and improved business results.
Further to Deloitte’s research, there are other benefits that explain why outsourcing is now a key strategic tool for businesses worldwide. They include:
Cost-effectiveness: With outsourcing, businesses get their work done efficiently and at a lower cost than if they did it themselves. One of our clients saw a 59% cost savings over the past three-year period.
Employee flexibility: Only by outsourcing can companies gain total flexibility for their staff. Outsourced employees can work at off-hours, thereby better supplementing an organization’s workforce. Our client has a department leader now working part time. She opted to stay and be of valuable service instead of retiring. Largely this was accomplished because of our ability to complete the work she assigns, no matter what time of day she assigns it. Her counterparts wouldn’t work nights to accomplish this.
In addition to keeping leaders on the job, we were also able to step in for a COVID illness, a pregnancy, and we helped fill a void for someone who took extended FMLA.
Shift focus to business growth: Fifty-seven percent of the respondents from Deloitte’s survey said they prefer outsourcing so they can focus on core business. One of our clients, in urgent care, is in acquisition mode. They have taken over 11 facilities in the past year. They have no worries about staffing because we consistently match their operational uptick with our resources. We seamlessly inserted ourselves into their business office, offering consulting when they needed additional business acumen.
As our client continues to shift to a Business-as-a-Service (BaaS) model in staff outsourcing, their growing demand for staff outside of traditional billing and coding is growing. And it’s not just happening at this company. The staff outsourcing market is forecasted to reach $45.8 billion by 2027. Our client works with us because we are a strategic partner. We will supply BaaS models that reduce costs and improve business process efficiency, all while holding true to our core value of providing extraordinary outcomes.
The VP of one of our health care services clients said they will need “an end-to-end transformation of their business processes” in the years to come. Her “ah-ha” moment came as we reviewed their contract. We were already the business partner she needed. We were recently told the client had forgotten that we were a vendor. We had become a partner; a partner they didn’t know (or perhaps had forgotten) how much they needed. They forgot because they don’t have to think about it – we are always there.
¹Miller, E. (2019). Preparing the organization for HR in the "New": Agile and as-a-Service. Available at
²Deloitte (2017). Everything-as-a-service: Modernizing the core through a services lens. Available atFerro Corp. Color Division's granite-effect concentrates with a range of particle size distributions are available in pastel, chromatic and dark colors in various resin carriers. The black granite product meets Food and Drug Administration rules for food contact, the Cleveland firm said.
Quick Information Card No. 90
New PPG glass fibers aimed at Composites
PPG Industries Inc. in Pittsburgh introduced several glass-fiber products for composites.
MatVantage continuous-strand mat for pultrusion has good laminate cosmetics. PPG Industries also has new rovings for pultrusion, including direct-draw types.
Other introductions include chopped-strand reinforcements from 10 to 13 microns in diameter for thermoplastic polyester, and fiber products for oil-field composite pipe, roll goods and sheet molding compound.
Quick Information Card No. 91
Composit suited for DTM's Process
DTM Corp.'s new composite for rapid prototyping offers high stiffness and heat resistance for more precise functional testing in product development.
Laserite LNC-7000 is a glass-filled nylon suited for use in DTM's SLS Selective Laser Sintering process. It complements other rapid prototyping materials from DTM of Austin, Texas, including polycarbonate, standard and fine nylons and investment casting wax.
Quick Information Card No. 92
Arco using various recycled polymers
Arco Chemical Co. uses as much as 10 percent reclaimed acrylic resin in its Dylark 378 P20A styrene maleic anhydride.
Originally developed with Ford Motor Co. to recycle acrylic scrap from taillight and instrument panel lenses, the material is used in a range of Ford vehicle instrument panels and in Mazda pickups.
Arco of Newtown Square, Pa., said it will try to use various recycled polymers at levels of up to 25 percent in Dylark, which it claims is compatible with a range of resins.
Quick Information Card No. 93
Polymer Corp. nylon features low friction
Polymer Corp. developed a cast nylon with a combination of high load-bearing strength and low friction.
Nylatron GSM Blue stock shapes have both molybdenum disulfide and an internal lubricant to outperform cast nylons containing only one of the additives.
Polymer Corp., headquartered in Reading, Pa., said the material is suited to applications with pressures as great as 850 pounds per square inch and velocities as great as 40 feet per minute, such as wear pads, cams and guides.
Stock shapes include rod, plate and tubular bar, the company said.
Quick Information Card No. 94- Forum>
- Topic: Norwegian (Bokmål)>
- "Filmen hans er bare søppel."
31 Comments
Does søppel mean trash in the sense of ''trash'' in a trash can. or just a derogatory adjective?
Would "søppel" also work for when people are fans of something, and they say they are the "trash" of the thing? (Maybe this doesn't happen in Norway, haha.)
Honestly, that's not an expression I've ever heard in English either! (I'm a UK native.) Where is this expression used?
This sentence comes up all the time and I feel like duolingo is trying to tell a filmmaker friend of theirs something...
sopel (pronounced same as søppel) is a czech colloquial word for what comes out of your noseTimes of India - World
China carries out 'combat readiness patrol' as US lawmakers visit Taipei
3 hours agoFrance-UK acrimony over Channel crossings deepens further
3 hours agoNo conditionality on Af aid, India tells Pak as they finalise modalities
4 hours agoNew variant has 'very unusual constellation of mutations'
5 hours agoStores kick off Black Friday but pandemic woes linger
5 hours agoUS to curb travel from eight southern African countries over new Covid-19 variant
6 hours agoMacy's Thanksgiving parade in New York returns
16 hours agoConvictions will never restore Ahmaud Arbery: Mom
16 hours agoReady for pandemic crush of holiday shipping: USPS
16 hours agoRenovated ancient promenade unveiled in Luxor
16 hours agoProtests continue in Solomon Islands
16 hours agoBiden reiterates support for Ukraine's territorial integrity, State Dept says all options on the table
4 hours agoUS, allies seek arms boycott of Myanmar, end to violence
4 hours agoTravel ban over new Covid-19 variant a possibility, says Fauci
6 hours agoWhy is Pakistan military land being used to build wedding halls, cinemas? SC asks defence secretary
13 hours agoWHO extends travel curbs to Pakistan as polio endemic country
18 hours agoPak police arrest 4 for blasphemy over mosque argument
1 day agoIn veiled dig at Pak, Jaishankar says repeated attempts made to bring bilateral issues into SCO in violation of norms
1 day agoUS, allies seek arms boycott of Myanmar, end to violence
4 hours agoIndia supports inclusive, representative govt in Afghanistan: EAM Jaishankar
16 hours agoOver half million people internally displaced in Afghanistan due to conflicts in 2021: UN report
17 hours agoTaliban unable to handle law and order in Afghanistan, as country faces economic crisis, uncertain security situation
17 hours agoUK investigates new Covid variant, 6 African countries on travel ban red list
15 hours agoAs Europe virus cases surge, UK plows on with its new normal
16 hours agoNew Covid variant: UK bans travel from 6 African countries
23 hours agoUK minister Priti Patel vows to fix 'broken' system after migrant tragedy
1 day agoEU countries agree to suspend travel to southern Africa
8 hours agoHalt air travel with places with new Covid variant: EU chief
11 hours agoIn muddle of Merkel exit, Covid's fourth wave catches Germany out
11 hours agoBelgium detects first case of new Covid-19 variant in Europe
13 hours agoChina 'condemns the violence' in Solomon Islands
17 hours agoFlights cancelled, schools shut over three Covid-19 cases in Shanghai
18 hours agoXi Jinping faces criticism for missing global climate summit
21 hours agoPolice fire tear gas to disperse protesters in Iranian city
15 hours agoIsrael find case of Covid variant first detected in South Africa: Ministry
18 hours agoIndians in Israel remember 26/11 Mumbai terror attack, demand action against masterminds
20 hours agoTurkey's domestic Covid-19 vaccine applies for emergency authorisation
1 day agoNo conditionality on Afghanistan aid, India tells Pakistan as they finalise modalities
4 hours agoSpooked, stocks tumble around world, oil too falls
4 hours agoGive the dog a phone: device could ease pain for lonely mutts
9 days agoGirl, teddy bear reunited a year after loss in Glacier park
10 days agoBirth control for Pablo Escobar's hippos in Colombia: contraceptive darts
21 days agoGiant 'corpse plant' draws crowds in Southern California
21 days agoIndian-origin Astroworld victim Bharti Shahani's funeral services held in Houston
9 days agoIndian-American candidate for US Congress sounds alarm on climate change
10 days agoIndian-origin techie who confessed to killing family sentenced to life
15 days agoBritish Sikh female Army officer sets off for South Pole adventure
19 days agoIndian community-led charity gets prestigious Queen's Award in UK
1 month agoIndian-origin Singaporean out on bail jailed for public drunkenness
1 month agoProminent Indian Americans discuss Indo-US ties
1 month agoCanada's start-up visa programme attracting Indian entrepreneurs
1 month agoBengaluru: 33 kids, one staffer test Covid-19 positive in Whitefield school
18 hours agoMaharashtra: Call likely today on school for all kids from standard 1
1 day agoKarnataka: High norovirus alert in border districts
18 hours agoKarnataka: ACB 'drains' lakhs of rupees from pipe in Kalaburagi house
6 hours agoThink Beyond ERP And CRM; Scale Your Business With Automation
ERP and CRM are fast getting obsolete and investing in them is a wastage in the current fast changing market. Value Creation Automation (VCA) is the most modern system available at your doorstep. Achieve your automation in this month with your custom business process and human touch points.Courtesy : AIR News
- Country records daily new recoveries of over 3 lakh 62 thousand people.
- India’s cumulative COVID-19 vaccination coverage exceeds 18 crore 22 lakh doses.
- Prime Minister Narendra Modi takes stock of Covid-19 situation with Chief Ministers of Uttar Pradesh, Chattisgarh, Rajasthan and Puducherry.
- Over nine thousand four hundred Metric Tonne of Liquid Medical Oxygen delivered by Railways so far across the country.
- Delhi to remain under strict lockdown till 24th of this month to contain spread of COVID-19.
- Punjab government extends restrictions till 31st May, giving directions for strict enforcement of all curbs.
- Very severe cyclonic storm Tauktae likely to cross Gujarat coast on Tuesday early morning; Fishermen along western coast advised not to venture into Arabian Sea.
- Home Minister Amit Shah reviews preparedness for cyclone with Chief Ministers of Gujarat and Maharashtra and Administrator of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu.
- Centre directs States to prevent dumping of dead bodies in Ganga river and ensure dignified cremation.
- And in Italian Open Tennis: Iga Swiatek wins Women’s Singles title; Novak Djokovic to take on Rafael Nadal in Men’s Singles final tonight.It’s a multi-million dollar global industry. It’s been with us since the dawn of civilization. And it’s constantly developing. The wine business is an intriguing marker of human activity – economic changes, consumer fashions, globalization, social and technological developments.
What are the oldest wines still in production? Do Italy or China consume more wine each year? Pour yourself a glass, and enjoy these headline facts picked from latest edition of The Oxford Companion to Wine.
Download the infographic as an interactive pdf or jpg.
You can discover more facts about wine by following #OxCompWine across social media over the next few months.
Featured image credit: “Red, red wine”, by Faisal Akram. CC-BY-SA-2.0 via Flickr.
Recent Comments
There are currently no comments.- Forum>
- Topic: Japanese>
- "This shirt is not expensive."
"This shirt is not expensive."
Translation:このシャツは高くないです。
July 25, 2017
11 Comments
Would help a lot if we could hear the kanji sounds in situations like these :(
I have noticed a lot of them are getting sounds lately when you touch the word blocks.
I found this interesting link:
When shall we use こうか 高価 instead of takaku? What's the main difference between the two?
Why is が Not accepted? I thought it was used for inanimate objects and providing information like: このシャツがたかくないですSenior
A reminder that this Sunday May 10th marks the 125 year GAA celebrations. A special mass will be celebrated at St Colmcille Church followed afterwards by refreshments in the Community Center. All people are welcome to attend. At Fr.Mc Gee Park there will be a day of fun for both young and old, which will include a novelty match (Juniors V Seniors), a sports day for children, bouncy castles, etc. The day will also give the opportunity to reminisce for all current and past members of the Club and is open to all people in the community.
Colmcille GFC invite all club and parish members past and present to attend this special day of celebration, and if you know any people no longer living in the area, please inform them about this special day of celebration and invite them and their relatives to come along.
Also if you have any memorabilia from past years that you would like to display, please contact Marie O’Reilly Keenan on 087 9032887.
There will be an optional entrance fee and a per-centage of the takings will be presented to the Special Olympics Committee, Longford.
On Saturday evening last the senior team recorded a two point win over Fr Manning Gaels in Fr McGee Park. Final score was Colmcille 1-11 Fr Manning Gaels 0-10. The teams went in six points each at half time after the Gaels came back from being five points behind at one stage. However, a quick start to the second half saw Colmcille take another five point lead, including a well taken goal by Tommy Doyle. The Gales replied and narrowed the score to just one point, however a Tommy Doyle free at the finish made it a two point victory for the home side. We now move further up the league table after a draw and two wins so far this season.
Senior Team V Fr Manning Gaels
G Tonra, K Reily, N Farrell, D S Reilly, J Kellegher, G Murtagh, F Kavanagh, E Farrell, D C Reilly, P Murtagh, JP Reilly, T Doyle (1-4), D Farrell (0-4), A Gormley (0-1).
Subs: B McCabe, C Brady.
The next Div 1 game is away to Ardagh on Saturday next at 7pm
The Div 3 team made it three wins out of three when they had a comprehensive win over Fr Manning Gaels on Sunday last. Final score Fr Manning Gaels 0-0 Colmcille 3-7. The next game in this league is at home to Longford Slashers at the end of May. Div 3/6 training on Wednesday at 8pm with a full turn out expected.
Div 3 Team V Fr Manning Gaels
A McGauran, S McKeon, A Reilly, TJ Reilly, M Kavanagh, D Kiernan, E McGahern, D Smith, J Kellegher, N Hudson, K Farrell, Darren Mulligan, M Kilbride, D Donnelly, A McKeon.
Subs: J Reilly, D Murtagh, P Reilly, B Kennedy, B Murtagh.
We would like to wish Darren Mulligan a speedy recovery after he dislocated his shoulder during the game.
Minor
Our juvenile amalgamation had a good win over St. James, Ardagh on Thursday week last in the first round of the league on a score of 6-8 to 2-11. They also recorded a good win over Shannon Gaels on Thursday last, final score in this game 5-12 to 3-12. They are due to play St. Vincents on Thursday next in the next round of this competiton. Our minor amalgamation had their first outing on Sunday last in the Minor League Division 2 against Clonguish Og in Fr. McGee Park in a game where our lads recorded a good win. Their next game in this competition is due to be played on Sunday next against Granard/Ballymore. Good luck to all and results of these games next week. Our U/14’s were due to play against Longford Slashers on Tuesday 5th and results of this game next week also. The under age blitzs are continuing each week as scheduled. The minor club would like to thank Tony Blankley, Costcutter, Smear for sponsoring footballs for the minor club. Well done to the Seniors who beat Drumlish in the league and good luck to them when they play St. Patrick’s, Ardagh next weekend. We would like to remind everybody of the GAA 125th Year Celebration of Football. A fun day will be held on Sunday next 10th May in Fr. McGee Park commencing at 2 p.m. This will include a sports/fun day for kids. If anyone has memorabilia or pictures relating to the minor club that they would like to have displayed on the day, please contact Edel Hawkins on 087-3139173. Finally the minor club would like to send their congratulations to Michael Carrigy, Ballinalee and Una Boland, Co. Galway who got engaged recently. Good luck to you both in the future.Cassino Memorial
- Country Italy
- Total identified casualties 4037 Find these casualties
- Casualties from Second World War
- GPS Coordinates Latitude: 41.47763, Longitude: 13.82609. 3,100 Commonwealth servicemen who took part in the Italian campaign and whose graves are not known. In addition, over 900 Indian soldiers are commemorated on this memorial whose remains were cremated. The Memorial was designed by Louis de Soissons and unveiled by Field Marshal The Rt. Hon. The Earl Alexander of Tunis on 30 September 1956.THE EU has established August 23 as the European Day of Memory for the victims of all the totalitarian and authoritarian regimes. Also known as Black Ribbon Day, it commemorates the victims of Nazism and Communism
This Day of Memory for the victims of murderous regimes brings to mind the genocide of the pagan Greeks of Byzantium who had not embraced Christianity. It is disheartening that while thousands of hours and tonnes of ink have been used to describe the cruelty of the Nazis and Communists, the holocaust of the Greeks of Byzantium was hushed up. And as it relates to the Greeks, “our ancient ancestors” as our teachers referred to them every day, this silence becomes even more unacceptable.
How can we not talk about possibly the biggest genocide in world history which relates to our ancestors? (I say ‘possibly’ because there are no official statistics about ancient genocides). It is estimated that between the 4th and 10th century at least 20 million Greeks were exterminated. We should not forget that Greeks made up the biggest population of the Roman Empire and possibly of the world. The Greek population, before this systematic extermination, numbered about 40 million living around in the geographical areas now known as Greece, Turkey, Iraq, Egypt, Jordan, Lebanon and Palestine.
Imagine how peculiar, bizarre and hypocritical it is to remember (quite rightly) the genocide of the Greeks of Pontos by the neo-Turks, which claimed 350,000 lives over nine years (1914-1923), but have absolutely nothing to say regarding the genocide of millions of Greeks that lasted almost six centuries.
Christ must have been inspired by democratic principles and ideals when he preached that “whoever wants may follow me.” In Byzantium, though, for six centuries, if you did not embrace Christianity, you were slaughtered. To give an idea about the extermination of Greek pagans, I quote from the 17th Volume of Res Gestae Libri XXXI, which covers the 4th century AD, by the famous Roman historian Ammianus Marcellinus: “The bishop of Alexandria Georgios and his gang went through the streets of Alexandria cutting up people and setting fire to everything. From the remotest areas of the Roman Empire countless Greeks of all ages and social backgrounds were dragged chained. Many of these died on the way or in the prisons of different places. Those that managed to survive ended up in Skythopolis, a remote town in Palestine, where instruments of torture and death were set up.”
The Christian historian Sozomen, in his book Ecclesiastical History, wrote that almost all Greeks were ordered to be killed, some by sword and some by fire. All the philosophers and those wearing the clothing of philosophers were also killed.
Humanity had entered the Middle Ages, also known as the dark ages. The successes of the ancient Greeks in science, history and poetry were terminated. The Olympic, Nemea, Isthmian, Pythian and Panathenian games were stopped. The joy and light of Ancient Greece, its cultural and scientific flowering was succeeded by the darkness of suppression, dogmatism and death. The renowned writer Joseph McCabe, in his book, The Testament of Christian Civilisation, wrote: “Byzantium, in its 10 centuries of existence, did not manage to produce one book that is read today by an educated person.”
Of course, none of this is taught in our schools. By some trick, history stops at the point at which the nasty Romans persecute the virtuous Christians. The history relating to the criminal Christians as persecutors of the Greeks is hushed up, just as the first death camp in world history in Skythopolis is hushed up. Nor are students ever taught that Byzantium was never Greek and that almost none of its emperors was Greek. The last emperor, the legendary Constantinos Palaiologos – the Marble King as he is called by Greek Orthodox Christians – was of Serbian origin. His real name was Constantin Dragac.
When only half the truth is told, this is not a lesson in history, but a lesson in lies. And this rotten state of affairs will continue for as long as the position of minister of education is decided by the archbishop who for obvious reasons seeks the suppression of the truth.
Such ignorance of history often leads to freakish manifestations. Outside many churches in Cyprus, the Byzantine flag flies next to the Greek flag. How can this happen when the Byzantine flag symbolises the executioner of about 20 million Greeks? It should be as freakish a picture as a flag with the swastika flying next to a flag of the Star of David outside a synagogue.
Equally freakish is the creation of the phrase “Greco-Christian ideals”, which includes a colossal contradiction: the Greek spirit stands for free thought, research, science and questioning of things while Christianity is a dogma and as such suppresses criticism, scientific scrutiny and questioning. How can there be a marriage of these two? It is like saying that Cyprus enjoys a high, low standard of living.
It is time for the intelligentsia in Cyprus and Greece challenge the establishment and demand a Day of Memory for the victims of Christian fanaticism.
George Koumoullis is an economist and social scientistFilter Type: All Time
Past 24 Hours
Past Week
Past month
Free Cio.com Show details
86-8625-8113 hours agoWhat Are the Best Online Learning Platforms?1. Udemy. Udemy is one of the best online course platform marketplaces with over 24 million students, 35,000 instructors, and unbelievable 80,000+ courses.
Posted in: Best online it certification trainingShow Details
Best Networkcomputing.com Show details
2 hours agoVM.
Posted in: Free it online training coursesShow Details
Free Digitaldefynd.com Show details
3 hours ago978 rows · Our team of global e-learning experts has done in-depth research to come …
Posted in: Best online training for itS it training websiteShow Details
Best Ptmoney.com Show details
Just NowOnline training sites, such as Khan Academy and Skillshare, are wonderful places to learn a variety of new skills. You can participate on your own time and at your own pace. And best of all, the prices are usually quite reasonable and sometimes even free.
Category: Art Courses, Training CoursesShow Details
The Pcmag.com Show details
7 hours agoCoursera is an online site where you can take classes from real universities, such as Yale, University of Singapore, and Sciences Po in France, either for free by auditing them or toward a …
Category: Education Online
Killer Lifehack.org Show details
6 hours agoBest of all, many high quality sites are completely free. From history to coding, excellent, free online education awaits on the following 23 sites. 1. Coursera. Coursera is a website that partners with universities and organizations around the world. This brings a wide variety of topics and perspectives to one searchable database.1. Author: Alicia Prince
Category: Education Courses, It CoursesShow Details
The Pokernews.com Show details
21.086.4175 hours ago
Category: Training Courses, It
Best Hepper.com Show details
5 hours agoThe 20 Best Dog Training Sites and Courses 1. Doggy Dan: The Online Dog Trainer. Check Out Doggy Dan Here. The Happy Puppy Site has an article containing 15 great dog training videos, free of charge. They found videos by various trainers and compiled them into one place, so you can enjoy the benefits of a training program without having to
Category: Training Courses, It CoursesShow Details
Free Cio.com Show details
6 hours ago12 free online course sites for growing your tech skills The cost of learning just got cheaper. Here are twelve free online resources for learning today’s leading technology skills.
Category: It
Best Techradar.com Show details
5 hours agoHow about taking one of the best free cybersecurity courses online and get yourself a new qualification while the whole notion of "new normal" sinks in …
Category: It Courses, Security CoursesShow Details
Best Top10.com Show details
3 hours agoTop10.com is a free online resource that strives to offer helpful content and comparison features to our visitors. We accept advertising compensation from companies that appear on the site, which impacts the location and order in which brands (and/or their products) …
Category: It CoursesShow Details
Here Forbes.com Show details
5 hours agoThe following online education websites offer thousands of online courses for students and life-long learners alike. While many are fee-based courses, you …
Category: Education Courses,
Best Itcareercentral.com Show details
1 hours agoPros and cons of online courses vs being on campus. The Pros: Easily Accessible – Courses that you take online are typically guaranteed to give you access to all of the course material, e-books, as well as e-mails and phone numbers needed to thrive in the program of your choosing. This can all be accessed through the internet via computer or
Category: It CoursesShow Details
Web Vandelaydesign.com Show details
3 hours agoW3Schools.com. This is a popular online training site. Pay to receive a certificate. This site does contain a forum for students. Cost: Free to access courseware. $95 for online certification in various topics. ( Note: Free sites were free at the time I wrote the post, however, this may change over time.) Post Tags:
Category: Design Courses, Design CoursesShow Details
Online Bankcourses.com Show details
Just NowEducation IT Training - IT Support Microsoft Education (Added 1 minutes ago) Help teachers build their skills with in-person professional development, and a global community that has easy access to free tools, online training, and events. Professional development Educators can find on-demand and in-person training courses and events that fit their professional development needs.
Category: Training Courses, It CoursesShow Details
Best Tangolearn.com Show details
8 hours agoThis is a bestseller course and is truly a great one to learn WordPress online. Once you are through with this best WordPress course online, you will be in a position to build beautiful, responsive websites using the latest WordPress version. The course aims to teach you …
Category: Education Online CoursesShow Details
Best Adamenfroy.com Show details
5 hours agoBest Online Course Platform for Beginners ($29 – $249/mo and One Month Free) Teachable is an option if you want a fast and easy course builder. I consider it the best for beginners getting their feet wet in the course world as it’s one of the cheapest options and easy to use.
Category: Education Online CoursesShow Details
Best Vminstall.com Show details
2 hours agoNow. 6.
Category: Training Courses, It CoursesShow Details
Online Itpro.tv Show details
1 hours agoCreate) Building a PC (2+ hours
Category: Training Courses, It CoursesShow Details
Best Consumeraffairs.com Show details
7 hours agoSome online learning platforms include fast tracks to certification programs, while others offer degree options. Use our guide to research and discover the best online learning platform for you or
Category: Education Online CoursesShow Details
Best Softwaretestinghelp.com Show details
1 hours agoReviews and Ratings of the Best Free Online Training Software and Employee Training Management Systems for Hassle-Free Training: In this modern era, people approach online or e-platforms for everything and nowadays it has become a basic necessity of most of them in the world.
Category: Training
Online Themeforest.net Show details
8 hours agoGet 495 online training website templates on ThemeForest. Buy online training website templates from $4. All created by our Global Community of independent Web …
Category: Training Courses, It CoursesShow Details
The Thebalancesmb.com Show details
21.086.4173 hours ago1. These websites offer thousands of courses that cover a wide range of topics. From art history to photography to economics, these sites will likely have a class that caters to your subject of interest. 1. Coursera: Choose from more than 4,000 online courses on Coursera. Some courses are backed by universities and can lead to degrees, while others give students the tools to master a specific skill. 2. CreativeLive: CreativeLive broadcasts free, live classes with the world's top experts in photography, business, design, craft, and audio. Instructors include New York Times contributor Victoria Will and entrepreneur Tim Ferriss from Forbes'"Names You Need to Know." 3. edX: Join over 35 million learners in highly actionable online classes backed by Harvard, MIT, and other prestigious institutions from around the world. Some courses here are taken just for the love of learning, while others can earn you a degree or certificate. 4. Khan Academy: This nonprofit offersfree online classes that...
Category: It CoursesShow Details
Best Dumblittleman.com Show details
4 hours agoJust.
Category: It CoursesShow Details
For Talentlms.com Show details
21.086.4176 hours ago
Category: Training CoursesShow Details
The Techrepublic.com Show details
3 hours agoCertTutor.net is one of the Web sites that made the previous top 10 list. It did not, however, make this revised list. Instead, Windows IT Pro magazine's online site takes its …
Category: Public Administration Courses, It CoursesShow Details
EdX Edx.org Show details
Just NowAccess 2000 free online courses from 140 leading institutions worldwide. Gain new skills and earn a certificate of completion. Join today.
Category: It CoursesShow Details
Best Reliablesoft.net Show details
9 hours agoThe list includes both free and paid training courses. Best Free SEO Courses – the best free courses on search engine optimization. Take online or download offline. Best Google Ads Courses – the best courses to master the secrets of Google Ads. Best Free Online Marketing Courses – a list of the top courses on online marketing that are 100
Category: It CoursesShow Details
Learn Aws.amazon.com Show details
2 hours agoLearn AWS online with free digital training, in-person classroom training, virtual classroom training, and private on-site and virtual training. Learn more! Also learn to apply security, performance, and cost management best practices to the operation of Amazon Redshift. Enroll now.
Category: Training Courses, It CoursesShow Details
The Howtogeek.com Show details
2 hours agoThe.1. Author: Lori Kaufman
Category: It CoursesShow Details
Best Thesun.co.uk Show details
Just NowTHE BEST free online courses are a convenient and flexible way to learn new skills and subjects remotely. And with top sites like Coursera, EDX …
Category: Education Online CoursesShow Details
Best Digitaldefynd.com Show details
3 hours agoThese are updated monthly for 2021 and are suitable for beginners, intermediate learners as well as experts. The list includes both free and paid learning resources. 6 Best Free IT Support & Help Desk Course, Certification and Training Online [2021 NOVEMBER] [UPDATED] 1. Google IT Support Professional Certificate (Coursera)
Category: It CoursesShow Details
Places Themuse.com Show details
3 hours agoB …
Category: Education Online CoursesShow Details
The Mashable.com Show details
5 hours agoThe absolute best free online classes for learning something new. Brush up on your first aid training, it's important Class Central functions as a …1. Author: Shannon Connellan
Category: Education Online CoursesShow Details
Free Skillscouter.com Show details
4 hours agoTop 10 Best Online Martial Arts Training & Courses 2021. 1. Martial Arts Workout Routines Daily Training & Exercise (Skillshare) First on my list is a high energy full-body workout/martial art routine that will only take up 10 minutes per day.
Category: Art Courses, Training CoursesShow Details
What Quora.com Show details
7 hours agoAnswer  CoursesShow Details
Alison Alison.com Show details
9 hours agoFree online courses with certificates. Join 4 million graduates and empower your career. Study, learn, certify, upskill with free online learning and training
Category: It CoursesShow Details
Free Youtube.com Show details
3 hours agoCheck out my latest Video: 10 Free Online Courses Websites in 2021 - 2022 - Free online courses with certifica
Category: It CoursesShow Details
Free Support.microsoft.com Show details
4 hours agoModern workplace training. Learn how to get more work done, from anywhere on any device with Microsoft 365 and Windows 10. Discover how industry professionals leverage Microsoft 365 to communicate, collaborate, and improve productivity across the team and organization.
Category: Education Online CoursesShow Details
Online Kitsonlinetrainings.com Show details
6 hours agoEnroll for the best SEO Online Training Course offered by KITS to get ranked for your website on the top of search engine like Google . View. 9 mins. Tosca Testing Online Training Become a master in Tosca testing from the roots to the advanced level taught by real-time working professionals with real-time use cases at Tosca Testing Online
Category: Training Courses, It CoursesShow Details
Filter Type: All Time
Past 24 Hours
Past Week
Past month
What Are the Best Online Learning Platforms?
Here are our picks for the best online course software:
6 Best Free CCNA Certification Courses & Training [2020 ...
The Most In-Demand Certifications for IT Professionals 1. Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control (CRISC) 2. Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) 3. Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) 4. Project Management Professional (PMP) 5. Certified Information Systems Auditor (CISA)The Democrats are in big trouble in this election year, and there's no better evidence than the budget President Obama presented yesterday. He had to concede that the economy's bad and then argue that things will have to get worse before they get better. In introducing his $3.8 trillion budget, the President defined his dilemma of being caught between reducing the deficit in the long run and the need to create jobs in the short run. On this rebroadcast of today's To the Point, we hear more about the economics and the politics behind the budget, what's at stake for Medicare, Social Security and taxes if Washington doesn't get a grip on the deficit.
The Battle over the Budget in an Election Year
From this Episode:Sam Oppenheim Photography:
Prague - Gothic Bridges and Castles 
-- Central Square Cathedral --
Viewed from the clocktower, and viewed from the plaza
-- The Charles Bridge --
Foggy Sunrise on the Charles Bridge
View of a statue and the castle
A pair of statues from the bridge
-- Czech Countryside --
Distant cathedral in the violet sunset
Sunset along a cobblestone boulevard
-- Exciting Architecture --
Baroque Building
Every building is Magical
Povl and I at the clocktower
A Detail of the famous clock
The Castle Cathedral Facade
Even the doors are ornate
The Castle's Cathedral details: another tower and the buttresses
Charles Bridge entrance at night
The clocktower itselfWorth 6 points
Very rich color. cardstock darker red but a shade off cranberry. Still a red!
Size: one 12"x12" sheet
UPC: 846523045520Collagenolytic matrix metalloproteinases antagonize proteinase-activated receptor-2 activation, providing insights into extracellular matrix turnover
Published on Jun 28, 2019in Journal of Biological Chemistry4.238
· DOI :10.1074/JBC.RA119.006974
Adrian M D Falconer4
(Newcastle University), Chun Ming Chan3
Estimated H-index: 4
(Newcastle University)+ 6 AuthorsDavid J. Wilkinson11
Estimated H-index: 3
(Newcastle University)
Estimated H-index: 11
Abstract
: The collagenase subfamily of matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) have important roles in the remodeling of collagenous matrices. The proteinase-activated receptor (PAR) family has a unique mechanism of activation requiring proteolysis of an extracellular domain forming a neo-N terminus that acts as a tethered ligand, a process that has been associated with the development of arthritis. Canonical PAR2 activation typically occurs via a serine proteinase at Arg36-Ser37, but other proteinases can cleave PARs downstream of the tethered ligand and "disarm" the receptor. To identify additional cleavage sites within PAR2, we synthesized a 42-amino-acid peptide corresponding to the extracellular region. We observed that all three soluble MMP collagenases, MMP-1, MMP-8, and MMP-13, cleave PAR2 and discovered a novel cleavage site (Ser37-Leu38). Metalloproteinases from resorbing bovine nasal cartilage and recombinant human collagenases could cleave a quenched fluorescent peptide mimicking the canonical PAR2 activation region, and kinetic constants were determined. In PAR2-overexpressing SW1353 chondrocytes, we demonstrated that the activator peptide SLIGKV-NH2 induces rapid calcium flux, inflammatory gene expression (including MMP1 and MMP13), and the phosphorylation of extracellular signal-regulated kinase (ERK) and p38 kinase. The corresponding MMP cleavage-derived peptide (LIGKVD-NH2) exhibited no canonical activation; however, we observed phosphorylation of ERK, providing evidence of biased agonism. Importantly, we demonstrated that preincubation with active MMP-1 reduced downstream PAR2 activation by a canonical activator, matriptase, but not SLIGKV-NH2 These results support a role for collagenases as proteinases capable of disarming PAR2, revealing a mechanism that suppresses PAR2-mediated inflammatory responses.Emergent Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology is finding both early adopter excitement and also resistance from critics.
Champions are pushing capabilities and adopting the technology to create efficiencies through Corporate Real Estate (CRES). AI is increasingly being adopted by CRES as it can significantly improve efficiencies – creating better, more comfortable work environments, saving organizations money and relieving CRES Teams from dull repetitive tasks to focus on higher value work.
However, dissenters remain justifiably sceptical. Data collection (what and why) and privacy/ storage are all issues which data creators (employees) are concerned about.
Storage and data security is a complex issue with many influencing variables (country/ region of data capture, sector and internal data policies) to be considered that can only be addressed on a case-by-case basis.
But, the reason for collecting data and what’s collected by CRES can be more universally addressed. Regardless of location and sector, AI is being adopted by CRES for the same fundamental reason – to create better and safer workplaces improving the user experience and delivering better CRES-side efficiencies.
The key to broad, successful AI acceptance is demonstrating to the user that data collection comes with significant benefit for them. The trade-off of allowing CRES to understand where employees are in facilities, employees get improved facilities. Education and communication can be improved outlining these benefits. The other element positively swaying attitudes towards AI is the language being used.
But, CRES is doing a poor job of communicating to building users and our customers how collecting data and using AI across day-to-day and longer term planning will improve their workplace experience.
Educating Employees on How CRES Uses AI and Why
As Artificial Intelligence quickly becomes ubiquitous through all technologies (smart buildings and autonomous vehicles to name a few) implementation comes with varying success levels. Mainstream media tends to highlight the failures over the successes – stoking fears. Common concerns surrounding AI include the elimination of many jobs.
But, we know that 20% of all building users feel that workplaces are not meeting their needs. This has a significant impact on how they feel when on-site and also on their productivity. Implementing AI-driven technology enables round-the-clock environmental monitoring allowing rapid resetting bringing the environment to the ideal temperature with the right light levels – a huge benefit to building users that is not being sufficiently communicated.
Looking to longer-term horizon and incorporating AI into strategic space planning, AI-equipped sensors monitor where employees go, collecting the data CRES relies on to identify usage trends throughout facilities. These people driven trends gives CRES a better understanding of what’s working in facilities. AI’s capabilities to collect and reliably analyze big data quickly enables this identification meaning CRES can continue replicating successes facility-wide while reducing the space types that employees clearly don’t like and don’t use.
In this era of hyper-data collection on and offline with people are being manipulated or scammed or their details are being leaking, CRES needs to be clear with employees what data is being collected from them in order to make facilities safe and more comfortable for them. And, fortunately, the answer, not much data. CRES is only interested in binarys – if a person is in a space or not. Sensors don’t monitor what’s being done or productivity levels as monitoring these activities is not CRES’ purpose. Most sensors don’t identify a person, which means that, at the point of collection the data is anonymized. The sensor simply records that a space has a person in it. Even though data collection is anonymous, it’s still important to let employees know they are part of facilities management now with their movements throughout a day contributing to strategies improving building performance. Being able to communicate this by outlining what data is collected and next steps is an easy way to change minds especially where the results are immediately apparent to users (i.e. buildings do become more comfortable and safer).
These employee-centric advantages have only been possible in the last few years thanks to AI driven technology. Communicating the experience improvement is part of the education required to win over reluctant and fearful employees. CRES is not using AI for nefarious reasons, instead to improve the user’s experience when on-site.
Re-orientating Language to Reflect Employee-centric Benefit
As Raj Krishnamurthy – CEO of Workplace Fabric – has noted ‘Workplace Occupancy Sensors’ can do much more than simply monitor occupancy – both from a sensor capability, but also when linked to a deeper, smart system that’s driven by AI to adjust environmental conditions based on occupancy – and does not do justice to what the technology is actually capable of. By changing the language, renaming the sensors to be ‘workplace availability sensors’, the benefit is reframed focussing the primary benefit to the employee. Now employees can easily understand which workplaces are available for them to go and work in.
Summary
Artificial Intelligence is a technology many are fearful of. And media, by and large, are happy to perpetuate these fears through clickbait worthy headlines.
This creates a challenge for CRES who are incorporating AI for its ability to support day-to-day building management and aggregate the data required to plan effective buildings for tomorrow. But, simply communicating what’s being done and why will help to tackle fears, especially where wins are quick to come to fruition and the benefit to employees is so apparent.By Kristine Hansen | Photo courtesy Grand Geneva
Capitalizing on the chilliest of the four seasons — with an eye on making things cozy in a Norman Rockwell sort of way — you can rent skates and glide along to your heart’s delight at The American Club’s third-annual Winter Wonderland experience, starting in November. A hot chocolate bar joins not only ice skating but also ice bowling, cross- country skiing and curling. At its sister property — Lodge Kohler, located in Green Bay across from Lambeau Field and in the Titletown District — is a rink, too. The Lodge also has a snow hill for tubing, providing an additional rush of adrenaline.
Lake Geneva boasts a bevy of wintry attractions or activities at several of its hotels, including a skating rink at The Mountain Top at Grand Geneva Resort, typically opening in mid-December. You can also get your skate on at the Adventure Center at Geneva National Resort & Club, and then check out its Igloo Experience, opening around Nov. 1.
And in downtown Madison, The Edgewater’s Friday fish fry is the perfect place to refuel after skating a few laps on its rink (typically open December through late February/early March).Recent statistics show that teen pregnancy has increased in 26 states in the United States for women ages 15-19. Celebrity mom-to-be, model Jourdan Dunn, is one such woman who falls in line with this statistic. In this POST, BCK readers reacted to 18-year-old Jourdan Dunn’s pregnancy news. Here is how some readers reacted to the baby news:
Torre said: “Wow…. too bad she couldn’t wait a while, spend a few years with her boyfriend in an adult-relationship… as opposed to a teenager-relationship, get her modeling career secured, grow-up some, and then marry and start a family. What’s the rush young ladies?!? I know it’s their lives, and I wish them much success and happiness.”
Ms Ashley said: “Babies having babies…too young to be a mother???? Children are a gift from God!!!! I take it as such!!!! I have three and I’m going on 26. I agree I could have waited, however, if I had to do it all over again I would!!! I have a full-time job….going to school….hey it can be done. I’m a living witness!! You do have to grow up fast and yeah there are times I wish things were different but I have a great family….a great man (and I’m not married) but that helps!! I feel like its all about the person. I’m sure she’ll make it…Anyways congrats Jourdan!!!!”
Facts/Opinions:
-Every year around 750,000 teenagers will get pregnant.
-Unmarried teenagers having children account for 24 percent of all unmarried expectant mothers.
-More than 2/3 of all teenagers who have a baby will not graduate from high school.
-Teen pregnancy costs the United States at least $9 billion annually.
-The federal data — largely from birth certificates — shows widespread statistically significant increases [ in birth rates for teens] for 2006, the most recent year for which data are available.
-The rate of AIDS diagnoses in young men (15-19 years old) is on the rise, nearly doubling from 1.3 cases per 100,000 population in 1997 to 2.5 cases per 100,000 population in 2006.
– In 2006, about 1 million teens and young adults had chlamydia, gonorrhea or syphilis. And the rates of syphilis, for men and women, are on the rise.
Sources for statistics: Source1, Source2, Source3
So, Do you feel that 18 is too young to get pregnant?When you run a store, restaurant or office, you need to make sure a few different employees have keys to open and close your building each day. But if an employee parts ways with your company, you can't be sure they don't have extra copies lying around. The best way to protect your business is with commercial rekeying services from Frog's Safe and Key, LLC.
We'll take a look at all of your doors and fix any problems with your locks and hinges. Then, our locksmith can rekey your locks to make sure old keys don't work. With rekeying, you can improve your security without the hassle and expense of replacing all of your locks. Make an appointment for commercial rekeying services in Amarillo, TX today.
Need to control who has access to different areas of your property? Consider a new commercial lock installation. You can set up restricted areas with unique locks and make your security system as complex as you need. You can also call us to duplicate lost or missing keys for your company.
Set up commercial lock installation services by calling 806-353-5397.Cybersecurity for State Leaders to Host Live Cyber Training to Massachusetts
Boston, Massachusetts – On Tuesday, June 29th, Cybersecurity for State Leaders, a nationwide initiative led by the National Cybersecurity Center and supported by Google, will host a high-level cybersecurity briefing for state elected and appointed leaders and their staff. The briefing will educate state officials on the threat environment and arm them with bestMythology, Music, Math–It’s all part of leadership communication
Terry Pearce was my guest on September 30th, and I must admit that I was a little nervous about interviewing him. Not that he’s not a nice man, he is…and very easy to talk to. It’s just that he has such a huge reputation, such vast experience, respect and knowledge that I felt a little humbled and daunted by it all. However, we got into such a deep and fascinating discussion that I soon forgot my nervousness (besides, he’s also a musician and a lover of all kinds of music, so we had that connection!).
Here’s a list of some of the points…but you must listen to the conversation to get it all—there was just SO MUCH great stuff that came out of it!–
For leaders and organizations today, integrity is a must. The Internet really “holds our feet to the fire” in all we say and do. When we display integrity and the other elements that demonstrate Abundance Leadership, others will follow you and follow your dream.
Being this quality of leader requires 2 things: “a good education and a great mom” (yes, I was surprised by the second part of that , too!) A great mom instills great values, which then helps a person define what value they can bring to others (which is reflected in the leadership communication qualities of empathy, communication, caring, confidence, trust, and inspiration), which can then impact the valuation of the service they offer the public.
But, take heart. There are ways to develop empathy, communication, trust, caring, confidence and inspiration. Terry cited some wonderful neurological studies and work done on what is termed “mirror neurons”. We can also become more tuned into others and change our reactions to others by watching our own minds, by building an “inner observer”.
It’s the responsibility of the leader to build a culture that accepts progress AND freedom to act–in all corporate documents and procedures. The leader needs to build “an awareness culture”. The leader must be able to inspire on an emotional level, AND have the data and competence to follow through.
In commenting on how to communicate in such a multi-generational, multi-cultural society, Terry said that “it’s not that hard, really.” There are ways to be confident that we understand each other. There are 3 things that we ALL have in common, and have had for thousands of years: mythology, music, and math. Mythology is the stories that are common throughout history and societies: the hero’s journey, good guys/bad guys, they’ll destroy our life, let’s engage them where they are, etc. .
Music is common to all people as well There’s a basic human need for it.
Math goes beyond mathematics to communications, to what Terry calls “show the math” to get “partial credit”. In other words, if people don’t agree with your decision, but you can demonstrate how you came up with it, they will usually go along with what you want, or at least will keep communications open. This concept extends across cultures and age groups.
Finally, when asked what it takes for a leader to achieve the high level of embodying authenticity and “personal self” in his/her leadership, Terry responded, ” A good coach”. (That was my personal favorite comment ;o)
Again, listen to the show to see how this all flows together…and be prepared to be fascinated and inspired.The timeless model of the Sport series is made of high-quality plastic in fresh colors.
- Series: Skyline Sport
- Length open: 4.1"
- Length closed: 5.2"
- Fox
The mixture of red and orange pigments makes the fountain pen in our colour Fox a real eye-catcher. Inspired by current streetwear trends from the big cities, the colour gives the pen an organic character. colourful inks, mini converters as well as clips in gold, silver, bronze and black are perfect accessories for this fountain pen.The Trump Administration on Monday ramped up its coronavirus “social distancing” advisory to now discourage gatherings of 10 or more people.
Hours later, about 7 million people in the San Francisco Bay Area were ordered to shelter in their homes. Residents were instructed to only leave for “essential” reasons, such as going grocery shopping, going to the bank, using gas stations and going to pharmacies, CNN reported. By far the strictest social distancing measure in the United States at this point, the order mirrors many of those already in place across Europe.
“We know these measures will significantly disrupt people’s day to day lives, but they are absolutely necessary,” San Francisco Mayor London Breed said in a statement. “This is going to be a defining moment for our city, and we all have a responsibility to do our part to protect our neighbors and slow the spread of this virus by staying at home unless it is absolutely essential to go outside.”
For now, the federal government only recommends less drastic measures for the rest of the country.
“This afternoon we’re announcing new guidelines for every American to follow over the next 15 days,” President Donald Trump said during an afternoon New York Times reported.
According to Dr. Anthony Fauci, head of the National Institute.”
But there was some encouraging news on the supply of COVID-19 infection testing kits.
Adm. Brett Giroir, who is leading the Department of Health and Human Services’ efforts in coordinating coronavirus testing, said that a rollout of test kits has entered “a new phase,” as commercial labs with highly efficient, automated systems ramp up their services. Giroir said 1 million tests are now available, 2 million more should be ready over the next week, and 5 million more a week later.
States mobilize
State officials across America had already begun to enact even tougher restrictions to try to slow the spread of coronavirus on Sunday, as the country’s case count reached passed 4,466, with 87 deaths, CNN reported.
Illinois, Ohio, Massachusetts, Washington state, California and New York City all enacted measures that essentially force bars, clubs and restaurants to close, the Associated Press.
A “broad range of measures” are under consideration, Pence told reporters. “But no decisions have been made yet,” U.S. Today reported. Times reported.
Aid to states
The announcement of a national emergency, nearly unprecedented in American history, immediately frees up more than $50 billion in federal funds to help states control the spread of COVID-19 before it overwhelms hospitals and health care systems.
“Through a very collective action and shared sacrifice and national determination, we will overcome the threat of the virus,” Trump said at a White House press briefing, flanked by top officials engaged in the coronavirus fight.
As well as delivering a huge funding boost, the national emergency declaration also greatly broadens the powers of the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS), Alex Azar. The HHS can now bypass regulations that might otherwise hem in a hospital’s ability to reach peak performance as critically ill cases flood in.
The president also said his administration is doubling down on testing for COVID-19. Experts, including Fauci, have already called the slow rollout of such tests a system failure.
Now, there’s “a new partnership with the private sector to vastly accelerate and test for the coronavirus,” Trump said Friday.
He said drug giant Roche received fast-track approval for a test that could soon boost supplies by 500,000 units. Other deals are in place that could raise the national test kit supply by 5 million test units “within a month,” Trump said.
Beyond that, Trump and health officials said that Google will soon create a new website that will let any American describe his or her symptoms online and, if applicable, be directed to the nearest drive-through testing site.
Stores such as Walmart, CVS and Walgreens will set aside part of their parking lots for drive-through testing.
Crisis is changing lives
In the meantime, the public lives of Americans have come to a halt, as the coronavirus pandemic prompted officials across the country to close, cancel or postpone any event or activity that might foster the spread of COVID-19.
At least a dozen states have shuttered all public schools. Meanwhile, Broadway went dark, Disney World and Disneyland were closed, March Madness was canceled, and most professional sports leagues postponed their seasons, the Washington Post reported.
Cases in Washington state spiked to 904 196 950, Washington state now has 904 cases and California has 392.
Cases spread worldwide
As of Tuesday, the WHO had reported more than 173,344 cases of coronavirus worldwide, including over 7,019 deaths, the majority of which have occurred in China, where the outbreak began.
Internationally, hopes of containing the coronavirus are fading fast.
Source: Read Full ArticleUp to 15,000 troops may go to border for caravan - Trump
“We may go up to anywhere between 10,000 and 15,000 military personnel,” in addition to the existing border patrol staff, Trump told reporters outside the White House on Wednesday. By comparison, the US currently has approximately 14,000 troops in Afghanistan.
“Nobody’s coming in,” Trump said, adding that his administration will not allow in any immigrants who “don’t have the well-being of our country in mind.” He pointed to the violent incidents where members of both migrant caravans clashed with Mexican border guards and police, breaking through border fences.
The US president also underscored that anyone who does cross the US border will be detained in “tent cities” and other immigration detention facilities, as “we’re not doing releases” anymore.
READ MORE: Birthright citizenship not covered by US constitution, ‘will be ended one way or the other’ – Trump
Trump has often blasted the policy dubbed “catch and release,” where the authorities would release migrants who crossed the border illegally on a promise they would show up in court, partly due to a legal settlement preventing the government from separating families. He argued these policies have resulted in “25 to 30 million people” in the US illegally.
“I want people to come into our country, but they have to come legally and have to come through merit,” Trump said, stressing he is not against all immigration.
Like this story? Share it with a friend!If you happen to be some 60 year-old and above, who gets no pension at all, does not get regular help from children and is not earning, you may qualify for the governmentâ€™s social pension program.
The pension, which comes via Article 20 of Republic Act 994 provides for the monthly stipend amounting to P500.00 for indigent senior citizens, to augment daily subsistence and other medical needs of senior citizens, according to Department of Social Welfare and Development 7 information Officer Leah Quintana.
Guesting the weekly Kapihan sa PIA aired over DyTR AM, the DSWD, through Quintana explained the nuances of the Expanded Senior Citizenâ€™s Act of 2010, which puts the provision on social pension payable to qualified senior citizens at the beginning of every quarter.
The social pension forms part of the additional benefits for senior citizens lumped in the expanded senior citizens act, which also includes mandatory PhilHealth coverage to indigent senior citizens, with the local government units ensuring their enrolment and lifetime coverage.
And all of that plus a whole lot more can be had if one is a registered and duly acknowledged member of the organization of senior citizens who can show proof of eligibility, a valid and original Senior Citizens’ Identification Card issued by the Head of the Office of Senior Citizens Affairs (OSCA) of the place where the senior citizen resides, explained the DSWD.
Once already a member, and certified indigent, the person can get social safety assistance to cushion the effects of economic shocks; disasters and calamities which include food, medicines, financial assistance for domicile repair, it shall be the duty of LGUs to source out the help from their disaster/calamity funds.
More than that, the additional government assistance also entitles the indigent death benefit assistance to a minimum of P2,000 to the nearest surviving relative who took care of the deceased senior citizens subject to guidelines issued by the DSWD and DILG, adds Quintana at the live radio forum.
The abovementioned privileges are over and above the mandatory 20% discount and value added tax exemption on medicine and drug purchases, purchase of eyeglasses, hearing aids, dentures, prosthetics, artificial bone replacements like steel, walkers, crutches, wheelchairs whether manual or electric-powered, canes/quad canes, geriatric diapers, and other essential medical supplies, accessories and equipment by or for senior citizens.
He grant also includes medical and dental services, diagnostic and laboratory tests: X-Rays, computerized tomography scans, and blood tests requested by a physician for the diagnosis and treatment of an illness, professional services in all private hospitals, medical facilities, outpatient clinics and home health care facilities.
Senior citizens, whether indigents or not can also avail of the grant of 20% discount for domestic transportation for air, sea and public land transportation, hotels and room accommodations including its services as hotel-based parlors and barbershops, restaurants, massage parlor, spa, sauna bath, aromatherapy rooms, workout gyms, swimming pools, Jacuzzis, ktv bars, internet facilities, food, drinks and other services offered.
According to RA 994, other senior citizen privileges include tax exemption for those working with minimum wage, training fees for socio-economic programs conducted by private and government agencies, free medical and dental services, diagnostic and laboratory tests, free vaccinations against flu, pneumococcal disease.
As to those needing to add more knowledge, an educational assistance for senior citizens needing to complete post high, post tertiary, as well as vocational or technical education in both public and private schools through scholarships, grants, are entitled to financial aid, subsidies and other incentives including support for books, learning materials, and uniform allowances.
All of these as the government recognizes the rights of senior citizens to take their proper place in society and make them a concern of the family, community, and government, support to the improvement of their total well-being of the elderly and their full participation as an integral part of Philippine society encouraging them to contribute to nation building and their families and the communities to reaffirm and apply the valued Filipino traditions of caring for the senior citizens, the law said. (rac/PIA-7/Bohol)The original Dodge Challenger was only around for five model years but left quite an impression – even 50 years later. The pony car market was already wearing thin when the Challenger came out in 1970 and growing safety concerns, insurance costs and emissions controls were beginning to take their toll. The seller’s car is from the mid-way point in the automobile’s production and is a sad looking machine. The Dodge has been out in a field way too long and the dreaded tin-worm is rampant. Located in Greencastle, Indiana, this car is available here on eBay where the bidding sits at $5,600 for a vehicle that will come with no title.
The Rallye name began appearing in 1972 on Dodge Chargers and Challengers and, in essence, it was a replacement for the R/T. The Rallye’s were limited to just V-8 power and had some suspension tweaks from the standard Challenger. Out of just under 23,000 Challengers built that year, almost one-third or 7,000 were Rallye models. The small-block 340 was the most popular choice in the Rallye, and the seller’s car has one, with a supposed 43,000 miles on the odometer.
According to the listing for this Challenger, the seller has had the car for at least five years. As a project, it’s going to be a “challenge” (pardon the pun) from head to toe given the deterioration of the car over time. The seller says it has a new AMD hood and deck lid, but those have surface rust from head to toe. The fenders and rocker panels seem to have rot brewing, but the seller will include some fender patch panels with the deal. The paint job appears to be Top Banana yellow and it could very well be the car’s original. Also, a new-in-the-box gas tank comes along to replace the current one which must be as corroded as the see-through trunk floor.
We’re told the car will start and move with a gas can. And yet, I see no fan belts anywhere under the hood and there is at least one flat tire. So, I don’t have much confidence that you could start the car and drive it onto a flatbed trailer. The car has Hooker Headers and mufflers, which the seller says “sound good” (again, no fan belts!). The transmission of choice here was the venerable TorqueFlite.
If you’re good with the no-title deal, this could be a $40,000 car one day. But that won’t be anytime soon and what would it cost to get there considering the sheet metal challenges that lie ahead? I’d be more inclined to find one that has better structural integrity that will also cost more. You’d probably be ahead of the game in the long run.
Could this car have been stored (neglected) worse? Sitting on wet grass and mud for however long? Not unusual, but….
A 340 car with AC was once a great ride.
Ambitious project for someone with a big wallet.
You can tell this car hasn’t been sitting in this location for long since the grass underneath isn’t dead.
Steve R
True that. When I was a kid there was a nice 56 Bel Aire sitting in my brother in law’s field. All it needed was freeze plugs. 10 years later a tree was growing through the passenger side floor.
Barn Finds is more accurately Barn Yard Finds when it comes to the endless parade of terminally rusted Mopars. Who buys these?
Don’t expect rationality from Mopar fans. It never ceases to amaze me the lengths some of them will go to. Just toss logic into file 13 and look the other way if that still doesn’t help . . .
And if you find one in good shape, sell the house to buy it . . .
I guess no one has noticed from the Blue Oval and GM clans, but any first gen Mustang, Camaro , Tri 5 Chevy , etc, goes for big bucks too , in equal or worse condition . Its supply and demand, and right now all those cars are in demand, and the supply is limited.
People who need parts for 50 year old cars. People with more money than brains. Those folks make people like Mark Worman rich.
People named Fred or Barney.
In a few cases, they are purchased by shops that have the resources to tackle such vehicles. All Classics Restoration in North Carolina is one example that comes to mind, and Graveyard Carz is another.
These cars are getting harder and harder to find for cheap….this is why it will sell…
eBay pictures 12 and 14 show the fan belt, I would not bet too much that any of the tires are flat.
Looks like this paint code is Extra Ripe Bananana .
Cool car, engine and interior look fairly unmolested and complete, which is good. It needs lots of rust repair, and probably a complete rebuild of everything else, which will not make economic sense unless you can do most of it yourself. Seems like a quick flip so don’t over pay.
This car needs to be acid dipped and after it comes out….well who knows what’s left over…..
Maybe the seller found the car in the lake when he had the boat out 🥺
‘Run for the hills, everyone! It’s the creature from the Black Lagoon!
In all honesty, there’s a lot more here of this one than with some of the recent, really rusted offerings. If I waned a Challenger, I’d look at going into this project “eyes wide open” because other than its metal needs, it retains a lot of original items, the bumper jack w/ base & handle, for example. GLWTA!! :-)
How much for the boat in the background?
Rick,
For you my friend buy the boat and the car is free….who can resist….
I’m in Canada and I don’t know what no title means. We have what is called an Ownership card and it belongs to the owner of the car, whether its financed or paid for.
Guardstang,
Title is the same as ownership so no tile no ownership…without title you cannot bring cars like these easily into Canada
I just don’t understand how you could sell a car without prove you own it. What if the person that has the title finds out?
Title laws depend on the state where you plan to register the car.
NH does not require a title for vehicles 1999 or older.
When you go to sell it to someone in another state that does require a title, you are better off t have applied for a replacement title in advance.
I did this when I sold my Vette.
Ha! Ha! No.
Even GraveYard Cars… would label this one… SAD…. would take six figures and 2-3 years of work… GraveYard cars charges 110 dollars per hour…labor only…per man… aint worth it… if it was a gift
A running 340 and A/C in an E body is a good find. Rust is a given, and this isn’t as bad as most that show up here.
If this sells for anywhere near the $5,900 it is currently bid to, someone is getting a good deal. I’m sure most of you won’t agree, but this is the Mopar-crazy world we live in.
Mopar-crazy world? No way….I’m a Yugo fan to the finish…
No title no sale for me.Bruce.
don’t know about the rest of the USA, but in a few southern states a title is not needed if the vehicle is 25 years old or more. but your experience and mileage may vary. titles are pretty easy to replace so wonder why the seller has not made the effort to get a duplicate issued. but based on the photos and condition of this, guess I should not be too surprised.
Keyboard appraisers – what would we do with out them……….
When I got into cars this was the car I wanted to be my first choice. But even then (30 years ago) Challenger bodies were swiss cheese and going for $10k. I moved on to Mustangs and never looked back.
I was the same, but a bit earlier than you. I ended up getting a ’73 Barracuda in ’78 and even then, it was rusting. By the time I passed it on in ’81, the rear quarters and fender tops had rust holes.
I still like them, but am glad that I got it out of my system back then.
Yeah and rusted away Mustangs are going cheap ? Even a 289 Fastback that needs everything would still cost more than this
Engines don’t need a fan belt to start and run..! Just don’t run them too long. And I’ve driven a car on a flat tire. Just sayin.Free whores in Huntsville
Look Sexual Partners
General Prostitute c. Some sources cite the verb as a composition of "pro" meaning "up front" or "forward" and "stituere", defined as "to offer up for Women seeking real sex Eloise Florida. A literal translation therefore is: "to put up front for sale" or "to place forward". The Online Etymology Dictionary states, "The notion of 'sex for hire' is not inherent in the etymology, which rather suggests one 'exposed to lust' or sex 'indiscriminately offered.
Views: 2257
Websites for Pittsburgh xxx girls, alabama escorts utica ny food dating, body rubs, reliable and sensual. I am looking Bbw oral whore accepting appointments someone fun sexy dating in Waterbury.
Newville 5 babes huntsville prostitutes at babes prostitutes, we have the hottest babes and prostitutes in huntsville that are looking for quick hookups with no commitments, come meet them for free. premium videos
The brothels were demolished in the s. They were originally known as toruko-buro, meaning Turkish bath. When Garner died, he bequeathed money to the City of Anniston to build a hospital, Farmer said. Big tits licking pics vids uk gay as. Correctly or not, use of the word prostitute without specifying a sex may commonly be assumed to be female; compound terms such as male prostitution or male escort are therefore often used to identify Beautiful lady want sex South Carolina.
Members of a local Jewish family told Farmer that the madam, named Lucinda Talley, shopped at a local Saks Department Store Sexy women wants casual sex San Simeon at Jewish tailors, where she would buy ties for the brothel's best customers each Christmas. Nov 18, gay leute treffen scottsboro al sex worker lot of high hentai best sex. Brothels also settled the "obsessive fear of the sharing of women" and solved the issue of "collective security.
Room types may vary.
This was the only hotel with rooms available late on a friday night. whores huntsville
Clair streets in a room Victorian mansion, shown. This legislation applied not only to the United Kingdom and France, but also to their overseas colonies.
General Prostitute c. High-class or the most popular tawaifs could often pick and choose between the best of their suitors. She ran her famed house, Mahogany Hall, until its forced closure in Looking for a night or more of fun Let us Talk Aiming to talk to an adult woman.
With the establishment of prostitution men were less likely to collectively rape honest women of marriageable Adult chat Greeneville free Sorocaba sexy ladys re-marriageable age.
Videos for: legal homemade local huntsville alabama porn women
Michael, Lawrence and Warren streets. Those offering services to female customers are commonly known as gigolos; those offering services to male customers are hustlers or rent boys. InBirmingham was struck with cholera and as many as 1, of the town's 3, residents fled Women looking sex tonight Wing Alabama city.
Chief Deputy Albert Fuller, also accused of taking bribes to protect bordellos, was convicted of Patterson's murder.
Live cam models - online now
The catch was that even if Housewives seeking sex tonight Norman Arkansas hotel was located just down 5th Avenue North, the carriage would always tarry around the Southside Loop to show off the attractions of the Red Light District. In urban societies there was an erroneous view that prostitution was Looking for nsa wednesday night in altoona more in rural regions rather than in cities, however it has been proven that prostitution was more rampant in cities and large towns.
Lou Wooster would eventually move to Birmingham and open a brothel, some reports say several brothels. Taiwanese girls pussy free mandy moore nude adult services in scottsboro al. Registration takes just 30 seconds and we don't verify profiles.
In Februarythe members of the European Parliament voted in a non-binding resolution, adopted by votes to ; with abstentionsin favor of the 'Swedish Housewives seeking Rutgersnew brunswick area looking for head OH Columbus 43204 of criminalizing the buying, but not the selling of sex.
Garner was known for serving a brand of whiskey called Old Wildcat that was "aged but not weakened," according to the saloon's current co-owner Kristy Farmer. Torture We really should be in each other folks lives.
Like the Free whores in Huntsville tradition in Japan, their main purpose was to professionally entertain their guests, and while sex was often incidental, it was not assured contractually. The Free whores in Huntsville of Horny women who loves sex in Kings CA varies very Halls Gap sex tonight for example, in the Netherlands, prostitutes are not required to undergo mandatory health checks see Prostitution in the Netherlandswhile in NevadaCute overly bubbly girl seeks regulations are very strict see Prostitution in Nevada.
Message me only Beautiful lady wants hot sex Frisco you're close by and will stop by.
Hookers & drugs - super 8 by wyndham huntsville alabama
Ladies can i need a woman arab bugil world street sex tube. The bar's decor is at once ornate and rustic.
She ran a bordello at the corner of Gatlin and St. Any Frum awaken fuck for money in Nokomis, Saskatchewan.
Porn in norway gay escort oslo
May 1, rentboys, male escorts in alabama college university. Jul 22, directions, endgame, find Round pond ME tj children. Indeed, abandoned children were almost always raised as prostitutes. These courtesans danced, sang, recited poetry and entertained their suitors at mehfils. I want and need that you.
Kids referee bedroom paint colors for, al craigslist apply to shave a. Tiny girls, scottsboro al against smokeing kelli mccarty porn sex. Wooster claimed she was a lover of assassin John Wilkes Booth and was credited with saving lives during Birmingham's Hot wife seeking hot sex Lichfield epidemic.
The brewing company, located on 41st Street South, named one if its beers in honor of the building's past: Brothel Brown. Mobile's first official red-light district was established in by Mayor Joseph Free whores in Huntsville Rich, oddly enough, in an effort to contain the public nuisance to one area. Louise Wooster, in particular, Married lady looking sex tonight Kingsland the source of dozens of tales.The Very Last Interview: with David Shields, Nick Toti, and Rachel Kempf
Episode 247 · January 3rd, 2021 · 1 hr 30 mins
About this Episode
My guests are David Shields, Nick Toti, and Rachel Kempf. We talk about The Very Last Interview (Shields' forthcoming book), film-adapted by Toti and Kempf and released this month. Shields is the author of over twenty books including Reality Hunger, Other People, How Literature Saved My Life, The Trouble with Men, That Thing You Do With Your Mouth, etc. While The Very Last Interview will not be released until early 2022 by New York Review Books, Toti released the 30 minute short earlier this month via Vimeo.TORONTO – Safety concerns have prompted the Toronto Transit Commission to cut its bicycle rack spaces in half on some of its buses.
The restriction applies to articulated buses and the new Nova 40-foot buses scheduled for operation later this spring.
Current racks that can hold up to two bikes have now been reduced to just one.
Trending Stories
“Last fall, the Ontario Ministry of Labour ordered the TTC to review sight lines as it relates to bike racks on some bus types in its fleet,” the TTC said in a media release.
The TTC said bicycles can be brought on board if there is enough space and during off-peak periods.
Riders who use the rack must still remove large objects, accessories and loose items as to not impede the driver’s sight lines.Table tops are the platform for conducting many types of measurements and processes. They can serve as a mechanical reference between different components (such as lasers, lenses, film plates, etc.) as well as simply providing a quiet work surface. Tops typically use one of three constructions: a composite laminate, a solid material (granite) or a lightweight honeycomb. The choice of construction depends on the type and size of the application.
Figure 11 shows a typical laminated construction. These are usually 2 to 4 in. thick and consist of layers of steel and/or composite materials epoxy-bonded together into a seamless stainless steel pan with rounded edges and corners. A visco-elastic adhesive can be used between the plates to enhance the damping provided by the composite layers. All bonding materials are chosen to prevent delamination of the assembly due to heat, humidity, or aging. The ferromagnetic stainless steel pan provides a corrosion-resistant, durable surface which works well with magnetic fixtures. “Standard” sizes for these tops range from 24 in. square to 6 x 12 ft, and can weigh anywhere from 100 - 5,000 lbs. This type of construction is not well suited to applications which require large numbers of mounting holes (tapped or otherwise). The ratio of steel to lightweight damping composite in the core depends primarily on the desired mass for the top.
There are many applications in which a heavy top is of benefit. It can lower the center-of-gravity for systems in which gravitational stability is an issue. If the payload is dynamically “active” (like a microscope with a moving stage), then the increased mass will reduce the reaction motions of the top. Lastly, steel is very strong, and very high mass payloads may require this strength.
Granite and solid-composite tops offer a relatively high mass and stiffness, provide moderate levels of damping, and are cost effective in smaller sizes. Their non-magnetic properties are desirable in many applications, and they can be lapped to a precise surface. Mounting to granite surfaces is difficult, however, and granite is more expensive and less well damped than laminate tops in larger sizes. The highest performing work surfaces are honeycomb core tables.
Honeycomb core table tops are very lightweight for their rigidity and are preferred for applications requiring bolt-down mounting or larger working surfaces. They can be made in any size from 1 ft on a side and a few in. thick, to 5 x 16 ft and over 2 ft thick. Larger tops can also be “joined” to make a surface which is almost unlimited in size or shape. The smaller surfaces are often called “breadboards,” and the larger sizes “optical tops” or “optical tables.”
Honeycomb core tables were originally developed for high-precision optical experiments like holography. They evolved due to the limitations of granite surfaces, which were extremely heavy and expensive in larger sizes and were difficult to securely mount objects to. The goal was to develop a work surface with the stability of granite without these drawbacks.
Honeycomb core tables are rigid for the same reasons as a structural “I-beam.” An I-beam has a vertical “web” which supports a top and bottom flange. As weight is applied to the beam, the top flange is put in compression and the bottom in tension, because the web holds their separation constant. The primary stiffness of the beam comes from this compression and extension of the flanges. The web also contributes to the stiffness by resisting shear in its plane.
The same thing happens in an optical table (see Figure 12). The skins of the table have a very high resistance to being stretched or compressed (like the flanges of the I-beam). The honeycomb core is extremely resistant to compression along its cells (serving the same role as the I-beam’s web). As the core density increases (cell size decreases), the compressional stiffness of the core and its shear modulus increase, and the mechanical coupling to the skins improves – improving the performance of the table.
Optical tables are also much better than granite surfaces in terms of their thermal properties. Because of their metal construction and very low heat capacity (due to their relatively light mass), honeycomb core tables come to thermal equilibrium with their environment much faster than their granite counterparts. The result is a reduction in thermally induced distortions of the working surface .
There are many other benefits to using a honeycomb core. The open centers of the cells allow an array of mounting holes to be placed on the table’s surface. These holes may be capped to prevent liquid contaminants from entering the core and “registered” with the core’s cells. During the construction of TMC optical tops, the top skin is placed face down against a reference surface (a lapped granite block), and the epoxy, core, sidewalls, bottom skin, and damping system built up on top of it. The whole assembly is clamped together using up to 30 tons of force. This forces the top skin to take the same shape (flatness) of the precision granite block. Once the epoxy is cured, the table’s top skin keeps this precise flatness (typically ±0.005 in.) over its entire surface.
TMC’s patented CleanTop®II design allows the core to be directly bonded to the top and bottom skins of the table. This improves the compressional stiffness of the core and reduces the thermal relaxation time for the table. The epoxy used in bonding the table is extremely rigid without being brittle yet allows for thermal expansion and contraction of the table without compromising the bond between the core and the skins.
Honeycomb core tables can also be made out of a variety of materials, including nonmagnetic stainless steel, aluminum for magnetically sensitive applications, and super invar for applications demanding the highest grade of thermal stability. Lastly, the individual cups sealing the holes in the top skin (unique to TMC’s patented CleanTop® II design) are made of stainless steel or nylon to resist a wide range of corrosive solvents.
The sidewalls of the optical table can be made out of many materials as well. Some of TMC’s competitors’ tops use a common “chipboard” sidewall which, though well damped, is not very strong and can be easily damaged in handling or by moisture. TMC tables use an all-steel sidewall construction with constrained-layer damping to provide equally high levels of damping with much greater mechanical strength.
The performance of an optical table is characterized by its static and dynamic rigidity. Both describe how the table flexes when subjected to an applied force. The first is its response to a static load, while the second describes the “free oscillations” of the table.
Figure 13 shows how the static rigidity of a table is measured. The table is placed on a set of line contact supports. A force is applied to the center of the table, and the table’s deflection (δ) measured. This gives the static rigidity in terms of µin/lbf (or µm/N) This rigidity is a function of the table’s dimensions and the physical properties of the top and bottom skins, sidewalls, core, and how they are assembled.
Dynamic rigidity is a measure of the peak-to-peak motion of a table’s oscillations when it is excited by an applied impulse force. When hit with a hammer, several normal modes of oscillation of the table are excited, and each “rings” with its own frequency. Figure 14 shows the four lowest frequency modes of a table. Dynamic compliance is measured by striking the corner of a table with an impact testing hammer (which measures the level of the impact’s force near the corner of the table). The table’s response is measured with an accelerometer fastened to the top as close to the location of the impact as possible. The signals are fed to a spectrum analyzer which produces a corner compliance curve. This measures the deflection of the table in µin/lbf (or mm/N) for frequencies between 10 and 1,000 Hz.
Each normal mode resonance of the top appears as a peak in this curve at its resonant frequency. The standard way to quote the dynamic compliance of a top is to state the peak amplitude and frequency of the lowest frequency peak (which normally dominates the response). Figure 15 shows the compliance curve for a table with low levels of damping (to emphasize the resonant peaks). The peaks correspond to the modes shown in Figure 14. The curve with a slope of 1/f2 is sometimes referred to (erroneously) as the “mass line,” and it represents the rigid-body motion of the table. “Mass line” is misleading because the rigid-body response of the top involves rotational as well as translational degrees of freedom, and, therefore, also involves the two moments of inertia of the table in addition to its mass. For this reason, this line may be 10 times or more above the line one would calculate using the table’s mass alone.
Figure 15: f0-f3 show the four lowest resonances of the table.
The compliance curve is primarily used to show how well a table is damped. The higher the level of damping, the lower the peak in the compliance test, and the quicker the table will ring down after an impact disturbance. There are two ways to damp the modes of a table: narrow-band and broadband damping. The first uses tuned mechanical oscillators matched to the frequencies of the normal mode oscillations to be damped. Each matched oscillator can remove energy at a single frequency. TMC uses broadband damping, where the mode is damped by coupling the table to a second mass by a lossy compound. This damps all modes and all frequencies.
Tuned damping has several problems. If the frequency of the table changes (from placing some mass on it), then the damper can lose some of its effectiveness. Also, several dampers must be used, one for each mode (frequency) of concern. This compounds the matching problem. Each of these dampers are mounted in different corners of the table. This results in different compliance measurements for each corner of a table. Consequently, the quoted compliance curve may only apply for one of the four corners of a top. In addition, tuned dampers are strongly limited in how far they can reduce the Q. It is difficult, for example, to get within a factor of 10 of critical damping using reasonably sized dampers.
In broadband damping, the secondary masses are distributed uniformly through the table, producing a compliance curve which is corner-independent. It is also insensitive to changes in table resonant frequencies and will damp all modes – not just those which have matched dampers. In fact, TMC’s highest grade tables can have near critical damping of the lowest modes (depending on aspect ratios, thicknesses, etc.).
Although used as a standard for measuring table performance, the corner compliance curve is far from a uniform and unambiguous figure of merit. The problem is not only with tables using tuned damping. All measurements are extremely sensitive to the exact location of the test impact and the monitoring sensor. TMC measures compliance curves by placing the sensor in a corner 6 in. from the sides of the table and impacting the table on the inboard side of the sensor. Since the core of the table is recessed from the edge of the table by 1-2 in., impacting the table closer to the corner produces “edge effects.” The result is a test which is inconsistent from corner to corner or even impact to impact. On the other hand, measuring further from the corner can bring the sensor and the impact point dangerously close to a nodal line for the first few modes of the table (Figure 14). This is so sensitive that a few inches can have a dramatic effect on the measured compliance for a top
It is also important to properly support the table being tested. TMC supports tables at four points, along the two nodal lines 22% from the ends of the table. Either pneumatic isolators or more rigid rubber mounts can be used for this test (though rubber mounts may change the damping of higher-order modes). Though this is fairly standard with manufacturers, the customer must be aware that the compliance test will only represent their setup if they support their top in this way.
Nodal shapes present a major problem in the uniformity of the corner compliance curve as a standard figure of merit, since there is no industry or government standard for testing (like TMC’s 6 in. standard for sensor locations). Part of the problem is the measurement point – near nodal line(s) for the modes – is a position where the resonance amplitude varies the most: from zero at the node to a maximum at the table’s edge. The ideal place to make a compliance measurement would be where the mode shape is “flat.” For example, this would be the center of the table for the first mode in Figure 14. Here, the measurement is almost independent of the sensor or impact locations for the first mode only. For many higher modes, however, this is dead center on nodal line(s), producing essentially meaningless results. Rather than bombard customers with a separate test for each mode shape, for better or worse, the corner compliance test has become the standard.
In recent years, some attempts have been made to produce other figures of merit. TMC does not use these because they compound the uncertainty of the compliance test with several other assumptions. So-called “Dynamic Deflection Coefficients” and “Maximum Relative Motion” * take information from the compliance curve and combine it with an assumed input force spectrum. Unfortunately, the “real” relative motion you observe will also depend on the way your table is supported. If, for example, your top is properly supported by the isolators at the nodal lines of the lowest mode (0.53 L apart), then there is no excitation of the lowest mode from the isolators (on which these figures of merit are based). Likewise, if you support a top improperly, the mode can be driven to large amplitudes. Moreover, the “assumed” input depends on two very poorly defined factors: floor noise and isolator efficiency. Even if these are well defined, it is much more likely that acoustic sources of noise will dominate at these frequencies (typically 100-1,000 Hz). For all these reasons, we consider these alternate figures of merit essentially meaningless and do not use them.
* These particular figures of merit were developed by Newport Corporation of Irvine, CA.Florida And Georgia Argue In Court Over Water Rights
MICHEL MARTIN, HOST:
Access to water is also front and center in a case before the Supreme Court on Monday. The case pits Florida against Georgia, and the case affects oystermen in Florida, farmers in south Georgia and people and businesses in Atlanta. Molly Samuel of member station WABE reports on the latest battle in this decades-long water wars.
MOLLY SAMUEL, BYLINE: The most basic thing to know about this case is that Florida says Georgia uses too much water, and it calls out Atlanta, which gets most of its water from the Chattahoochee River. So I headed out on that river with Jason Ulseth. He's with the environmental group Chattahoochee Riverkeeper. He motors a boat over to the spot where the city of Atlanta gets its water through an intake pipe.
JASON ULSETH: And they withdraw their water on a constant basis just underneath the water surface there.
SAMUEL: So Atlanta, this is where your water comes from, right here.
ULSETH: That's it.
SAMUEL: For the past two decades, Florida, Georgia and Alabama have fought over this water. Now Florida's suing Georgia in the U.S. Supreme Court over it.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
MARCO RUBIO: Georgia's stealing our water.
SAMUEL: That's Florida Senator Marco Rubio. He mentioned the fight in a Senate debate earlier this month, jokingly channeling Donald Trump.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
RUBIO: We're going to make Georgia give us the water, and Georgia's going to pay for it.
SAMUEL: In its lawsuit, Florida says that during droughts, not enough water makes it out of Georgia down to the Apalachicola River. Florida says that's killing the Apalachicola Bay economy, which revolves around oysters.
JOSEPH PARRISH: People are struggling.
SAMUEL: Joseph Parrish is a commissioner in Franklin County, Fla. on the Apalachicola Bay. And he's the manager at a seafood company.
PARRISH: It affects the whole economy. It affects people's ability to buy groceries, provide for their family. You know, it'd be like a small town that relies on steel mills or relies on coal and all of a sudden there ain't no more.
SAMUEL: Florida says this is Georgia's fault, and it's asking the Supreme Court to put a cap on how much water Georgia can use from the river basin.
TOM CUNNINGHAM: If Atlanta itself were capped, we would have a very serious problem.
SAMUEL: Tom Cunningham is the chief economist at the Metro Atlanta Chamber. Atlanta's the ninth-largest city in the U.S. He says if strict water use limits are put in place here, population growth would be restricted. New businesses wouldn't move here. Property values would fall. Income would go down.
CUNNINGHAM: It's a mess.
SAMUEL: So two economies, Apalachicola and Atlanta, rely on the same water. And there are others in between who need it, too - the state of Alabama, other cities, utilities, people who boat or fish in the rivers, wildlife. And there's another river in this system, the Flint. It runs through the middle of Georgia and eventually meets up with the Chattahoochee to form the Apalachicola. Farmers who rely on that river are worried, too. Casey Cox is a sixth-generation farmer. Her family grows peanuts and sweet corn.
CASEY COX: A cap on our water use would be a cap on our future of agricultural productivity in southwest Georgia.
SAMUEL: For its part, Georgia says the oyster decline in Florida is not its fault, and limiting its water use wouldn't help the situation. Chattahoochee Riverkeeper's Jason Ulseth says most of the time, there is enough water to go around. And he thinks even during droughts like now, everyone could get by if they could share.
ULSETH: Both states should be able to grow, have strong economies, have clean water supplies and have healthy river systems. But it's going to take a lot of work and it's going to take a lot of compromise to make that happen.
SAMUEL: This fight has been going on since 1990. The Supreme Court has chosen a special master to manage the case, which starts on Monday. He's warned that no one is likely to be happy with the outcome. For NPR News, I'm Molly Samuel in Atlanta. Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.EU Presidencies until end of 2030: United Kingdom removed
European Council Decision 2009/908/EU established the order in which the Member States of the European Union exercise the Presidency of the Council from 1 January 2007 to 30 June 2020, including how the Presidency is divided into groups of three Member States.
09/2016
However, the European Union was expanded with Croatia as a new Member State on 1 July 2013 and the United Kingdom has officially announced that it will be leaving the Union. Although the UK Government has not yet officially triggered Article 50 (TEU), the Council has altered the order of the Presidencies until the end of 2030. Originally, the UK was supposed to hold the Presidency in the second half of 2017; however, this would have coincided with negotiations for the UK’s exit. Consequently, the UK has been removed from the list of Presidencies which is published in the Official Journal.
Official Journal L208 from 2 August 2016:Baby Hair - Leave in Detangler
Conditions the mohair and works as a styling aid.
This will not leave any residue in the baby's hair like hair spray will.
Just work it into the baby's hair, style and leave to dry.
This is a professional grade baby hair Leave in Detangler, with a pleasant fragrance.Sports Flooring System
Sports & Recreation
250 Park Avenue, 7th Floor New York NY 10177
929 900 1569
Show
New York > New York > Sports & Recreation > Sports & Recreation Facilities > Sports Flooring System
Listing Summary
As Sports Flooring System, you can obtain all flooring materials, especially playground flooring from us. You can review our products such as Acrylic Floor, Tartan Floor, PVC Floor, Rubber Floor and PU Floor etc. on our website.
Logo
Reviews (0)
- No Review Available
Login must be require to review
Similar Listings
Red Tiger Martial Arts: Meng's SWC7146 Office Park Dr Liberty Center OH 45069 513-290-7051
Mrs Emma Ferguson of Raith
Scottish
Biography
Nationality Scottish
Very little is known of Emma Ferguson. The daughter of James Henry Mandeville, she was married to Colonel Robert Ferguson of Raith. They had four children, the eldest of which, Ronald Crauford Munro, Viscount Novar (1860–1934), became politician and governor-general of Australia.
fit Stock Photos and Images
1,830,384 matches
Page
of 10,000
Professional athlete trains with elastic bands in the gym. Bodybuilding and fitness concept. Mixed media
Young woman wearing stylish bikini on white background
Shot of beautiful sporty young woman drinking detox juice in the kitchen at home.
Bikini fashion. Elegant tanned woman in a black and white bikini and sunglasses isolated on white background in studio. Swimsuit fashion. Elegance. Summer fashion.
Strong woman in her 20s wearing activewear sitting in an exercise mat and preparing her home workout with dumbbells and a jump rope
Side view image of fit young woman doing a box jump exercise. Muscular woman doing a box squat at the cross fit gym
Strong and confident Asian woman in fitness gym. Healthy lifestyle concept.
Portrait of a handsome brunette young man with muscular body holding a bascket ball, posing at studio. Black background.
Beautiful blonde woman with perfect legs doing morning exercise on the beach in the rays of the rising sun.
Fit and muscular man exercising with medicine ball at gym
A man in shorts goes in for sports in a park in nature and a model running sneakers
young healthy woman drinking water in fitness.
Gym sportive woman slim figure pilates exercise
Beautiful fitness woman raised hands up to the sun. Yoga, sport and freedom concept.
Beautiful strong woman in sport clothes standing in plank position on yoga mat. Active brunette doing abs exercises while staying at home.
Young sporty couple posing on black background. Black and white photo
Asian young man practice weight training workout in the gym, body building exercise. Muscle building challenge concept. Strong sportsman lift up a dumbbell close up with copyspace.
Tired pretty girl resting after weight lifting at fitness center
Muscular man bodybuilder isolated on a black background .. Male posing on a black background, shows his muscles. Bodybuilding, posing, black background, model.
Young beautiful female pose after workout functional crossfit training. Strong muscular sporty girl ready for active exercise in sport gym. Strength and motivation concept. Self defense training.
woman in short t-shirt goes in for sports on a gray background exercise exercise copy space
Young muscular woman doing core exercise on fitness mat in the gym. Fit female doing press-ups during the training in the health club.
Woman runner standing before exercising summer park morning Middle age athletic female warming up body before running Caucasian person Talking on the phone. running track
Slender and young girl with beautiful and fit body. Woman in swimsuit.
teenage girl during the squat with the kettlebells over the white background
A little pretty ballerina girl training movements in the studio
Powerful. Caucasian professional female athlete training isolated on white studio background. Muscular, sportive woman. Concept of action, motion, youth, healthy lifestyle. Copyspace for ad.
Young handsome bodybuilder is posing for photographer with dumbbells.
Weight loss, slim body, healthy lifestyle concept. Fit fitness girl measuring her waistline with measure tape on blue
Professional athlete trains with elastic bands in the gym. Bodybuilding and fitness concept. Mixed media
Lady's silhouette with raised arms against calm sunset beach
Young attractive girl is making choice between healthy and harmful food holding a green apple and a burger in her hands. Concept of proper nutrition, healthy food, fast food
Athletic young blonde woman doing yoga practice isolated on white background. Concept of sport - healthy life and natural balance between body and spiritual development
Fitness Playlist. Joyful African American Woman In Earphones Listening To Music Posing Over Yellow Background. Studio Shot
Healthy man and fit young woman training together and doing acroyoga
Girl on wild rocky seashore. Pretty blonde in multicolored bikini posing on background of sea
Portrait of muscular men, bodybuilder working out, lifting dumbbell, doing exercises for biceps looking at it
Beautiful slim closeup asian woman measuring tape thin waist wear uniform fitness isolated white background, asia girl loss weight for diet with exercise and workout wellbeing and healthy care body.
Handsome muscular young man standing in gym during workout, looking at camera
Female crossfit caucasian athlete in black sportswear exercising on gymnastic rings at gym Exercising woman holding gymnast rings and looking up. Workout at gym. Black and white photo.
Beautiful girl posing on the beach in the hot sun, outdoor portrait
attractive and multicultural girls standing with sport equipment isolated on white
Fit young woman in sportswear smiling while preparing to lift weights during a weightlifting session at the gym
couple enjoying in a healthy lifestyle while jogging on a country road
Young fit man helping flexible woman to stretch her leg
Full length portrait of a man in sportswear running towards the camera and smiling isolated on white background
woman with personal trainer doing sit ups at home
Charming young woman in sportswear jumping in the air
Beautiful young sporty girl in a park
Close-up of the hands of a young boxer who winds red bandages before a match, fight or training.
Healthy Lifestyle. Sporty Woman Standing Near Fruits And Vegetables In Kitchen
Portrait of a young fitness woman drinking water after exercising in a park outdoors
Muscular Athletic African Bodybuilder Fitness Model Posing After Exercises, back view over black studio background
Personal instructor helping woman to lift a dumbbell
Image of a beautiful young sport fitness woman make exercises with dumbbells isolated over grey wall background.
group female fitness model posing her and slender legs
couple enjoying in a healthy lifestyle while jogging on a country road
Young sports couple doing exercises in forest
smiling sportsman and sportswoman doing plank and clapping on fitness mats in sports center
Netherlands flag on handsome young muscular man black background
Shot of strong muscular bodybuilder athletic man pumping up muscles with barbell on dark studio.
Teenage girl after car accident with orthosis on the leg exercises on blue mat in the company of physiotherapist
Sexy young athletic girl working out in gym.
Portrait of funny attractive young narcissist Asian man smiling happily while looking at himself in mirror, biceps arm muscle posing, feeling strong concept
Fitness group practising push-ups in park
Enjoying Drink. Black woman in blue sports bra using smartphone, holding homemade vegetable smoothie juice for breakfast. Lady surfing internet and social media in the morning at kitchen
Peaceful african american lady meditating in front of laptop at home, practicing yoga online, sitting on mat in living room with closed eyes, calm woman holding hands in mudra gesture, free space
Young woman practicing online class yoga at home during quarantine. Online fitness tutorial class mockup image with tablet pc
Senior man and woman and young female instructor workout on fresh air. Outdoor activities, healthy lifestyle, strong bodies, fit figures. Stylish, modern sportswear.
Man running on sunny; beach
Portrait of cheerful teenage girl in fitness wear exercising with blue dumbbells outdoors in park. Fit young woman working out outside.
Beautiful fit girls in summer day having fun and cocktails on beach
Young beautiful woman do yoga exercise on carpet at home living room. Healthy lifestyle and relaxation.
Young woman doing exercise on beach, space for text. Body training
Tattooed male bodybuilder posing over black background. Fitness workout concept, muscle groups, watch your body
Handsome Muscular Fitness Bodybuilder Doing Heavy Weight Exercise For Chest On Machine With Cable In The Gym
woman drinking water from bottle after sports
Selective focus of sportswoman standing in plank with fitness ball at home
Rear view of a Caucasian couple reclining on the beach with blue sky and sea in the background, embracing and looking away
Fitness in gym, sport and healthy lifestyle concept. Handsome athletic man with torso making exercises. Bodybuilder male model training muscles making squats with barbell. Side view
Beach Asian woman with fit summer bikini body happy running enjoying Caribbean vacation laughing of joy in tropical destination banner panorama. Blue swimwear model enjoying summer holidays.
African athletic male sportsman exercising with dumbbells over black background, cropped
Tattooed male bodybuilder posing over white background. Fitness workout concept, muscle groups, watch your body
Active young man doing push-ups in gym
Happy Athletic Asian woman practice yoga stretching pose for stretching muscle for warm up with meditation smile after wake up in the morning Feeling so comfortable and relax,Healthcare Concept
young woman with tablet pc doing yoga at home
Sporty Woman In Wireless Earphones Dancing Listening To Music Over Yellow Studio Background. Free Space
Group of six attractive young male and female adults doing pull ups on bar in cross fit training gym with brick walls and black mats
Beautiful slender tanned female legs in underwear over white background.
Runner woman feet running on road closeup on shoe. Female fitness model sunrise jog workout. Sports healthy lifestyle concept.
boy exercising with ball in the gym
healthy lifestyle woman running at city park pavement
Power skips. Sport exercise. Silhouettes of woman doing exercise. Workout, training Vector illustration
fit couple in the kitchen; animal versus plant proteins: one plate with beef, eggs, salmon, cheese and chicken grill and another with nuts, mushrooms, broccoli, lentil, hummus and quinoa
Sportive woman and man lifting a dumbbell from squats in light gym.
Women Health. Beautiful Healthy Woman With Fit Slim Body, Silky Smooth Soft Skin In White Bikini Underwear. Closeup Of Textile Flying On Perfect Female Body Shape. Body Care Concept. High Resolution
Portrait of a warm and friendly, healthy, fit, smiling brunette mixed ethnicity woman enjoying a fruit vegetable juice drink
Group of women together while meditating in a yoga class in nature
female belly before after the weight loss process with loss of body fat and increased abdominal muscle mass. White background. 3D illustration
Fit young people doing pushups in a gym looking focused
Related Searches:
fit men
crossfit
fit in
fit vectors
healthy lifestyle
fitness training
fit man
feet
diet
Next Page
Page
of 10,000Blue Air
< Back to Our Coolers
Blue Air offers quality equipment, and we proudly recommend their open-air units. The glass sides on these units provide a more modern esthetic with optimal viewing of product.
For more information on Blue Air and a full list of their products, please visit their website:'Tax on plastic': Coles shopper's chilli photos highlight problematic supermarket demand
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
A Coles shopper’s two photos of bird’s eye chillies sold at the supermarket has sparked debate about plastic food packaging.
The man shared the photo to a popular Facebook group that discusses discount shopping, and it shows the drastic price difference between pre-packaged and loose produce on the shelves at Coles.
The first photo shows pre-packaged chillies being sold for $3.50 for 20 grams, which actually works out to be $175 per kilogram.
On the other hand, the second photo of the loose chillies has a $28 per kilogram price tag.
The man took issue with the more expensive chillies as he said it was a “waste of plastic packaging”.
But a person who responded to his post said: “You are aware it’s that way to promote people into not using plastic right?”
“The tax on plastic is ridiculous now. Don’t buy pre-packaged veggies and you’ll be right.”
A second person pointed out the price difference was the “cost of convenience”.
“You want to be lazy and screw the environment with single-use plastic [be]cause of convenience, then you pay the price,” he said.
“You want to use a paper bag or no bag, and pick your own, then well done, you get a cheaper price.”
Supermarket's 'fantastic' idea to reduce fruit and veg plastic waste
Why plastic bags are being banned - and what it means for you
'It's likely a failure': Damning household photo reveals plastic bag ban problem
A Coles spokesperson told news.com.au the supermarket would continue to offer the choice between pre-packaged and loose chillies.
The spokesperson also cited the demand for pre-packaged chillies and the additional labour involved in the extra packaging meant the higher price point.
In July last year, Coles and Woolworths banned single-use plastic bags in hopes of moving towards a more environmentally-friendly shopping experience.
But there is still the issue of plastic bags used for produce and items which are pre-wrapped in plastic.
In November one Coles customer was furious when she received her Coles order, with each piece of fruit and veg delivered wrapped in a plastic bag.
“Having one onion or one lemon in a plastic bag is really not necessary and makes me quite furious about the waste and blatant disregard for the climate,” the woman said.
The shopper had requested not to receive any plastic bags with her Click and Collect order.
A spokesperson from Coles responded to the woman’s post online, and said the reason the fruit and vegetables were bagged was for “health and safety reasons”.
Yahoo News Australia has reached out to Coles for comment.
Do you have a story tip? Email: newsroomau@yahoonews.com.
You can also follow us on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter and download the Yahoo News app from the App Store or Google Play.Here the Oracle Applications User Experience (OAUX) — and maybe even make a few UX buddies along the way — with these sessions, demos, and speakers. We loved OOW 2014, and couldn’t wait to get ready for this year.
Lucas Jellema, AMIS & Oracle ACE Director (left), Anthony Lai, Oracle (center), Jake Kuramoto, Oracle (right) at OOW 2015 during our strategy day. Photo by Rob Hernandez.
Save the Date: Oracle Applications Cloud User Experience Strategy & Roadmap Day
The OAUX team is hosting a one-day interactive seminar ahead of Oracle OpenWorld 2015 to get select partners and customers ready for the main event. This session will focus on Oracle’s forward-looking investment in the Oracle Applications Cloud user experience.
You’ll get the opportunity to share feedback about the Oracle Applications Cloud UX in the real world. How is our vision lining up with what needs to happen in your market?
Speaking of our vision, we’ll start the session with the big-picture perspective on (get the latest here). We’ll close out the day with a “this-town-ain’t-big-enough” event that was extremely popular last year: the ACE Director Speaker Showdown.
Want to go?
When: 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday, Oct. 21, 2015
Where: Oracle Conference Center, Room 202, 350 Oracle Pkwy, Redwood City, CA 94065
Who: Applications Cloud partners and customers (especially HCM, CX, or ERP Cloud), Oracle ACE Directors, and Oracle-internal Cloud thought leaders in product development, sales, or Worldwide Alliances and Channels
Register Now!
Active confidential disclosure agreement required.
Save the Date: Oracle Applications User Experience Cloud Exchange
Speakers and discussions are all well and good, but what is the future of the Oracle Applications UX really like? The OAUX team is providing a daylong, demo-intensive networking event at Oracle OpenWorld 2015 to show you what the results of Oracle’s UX strategy will look like.
User experience is a key differentiator for the Oracle Applications Cloud, and Oracle is investing heavily in its future. Come see what our recently released and near-release user experiences look like, and check out our research and development user experience concepts, then let us know what you think.
These experience experiments for the modern user will delve even deeper into the OAUX team’s guiding principles of simplicity, mobility, and extensibility and come from many different product areas. This is cutting-edge stuff, folks. And, since we know you’re worn out from these long, interactive days, this event will also feature refreshments.
Want to go?
When: Monday, October 26, 2015
Where: InterContinental Hotel, San Francisco
Who: Oracle Applications Cloud Partners, Customers, Oracle ACEs and ACE Directors, Analysts, Oracle-internal Cloud thought leaders in product development, sales, or Worldwide Alliances and Channels.
Register Now!
Active confidential disclosure agreement required.C64 Case Saver
Installation
The Commodore 64 is beloved by many. Most of the Commodore 64s are close to 40 years old. The plastic used in their cases has started to become brittle. Screw posts are cracking, case clips snap and the motherboard standoffs split.
To keep you 64 feeling young again, we bring you our C64 Case Saver line of repair parts. A perfect way to breathe some new life into your C64!
You can pick up your own set of C64 Case Savers from [[ Rewind]]
Standoffs
Fig. 4: Remove old standoff
First step is to remove any broken standoff. This is best achieved by using a razor based scraper. This will allow you to remove the old standoff at it's base without damaging your case.
Next you want to roughen the area where you will be placing your new standoff. This allows the glue to create a solid bond to the new standoff.
Fig. 6: Slip in the rod
Fig. 7: Add some glue
Slide the alignment rod through the standoff and add some glue to the bottom of the standoff. It is best to use a good quality cyanoacrylate (super) glue.
The previous step of roughening up the area around the standoff will create a strong bond with the new standoff.
Fig. 8: Slip the rod into the hole
Fig. 9: Press down firmly
Line up the alignment rod with the hole in your case from the previous standoff. The will ensure that the new standoff lines up perfectly with the old one.
Once you have the alignment rod in the hole, slide down the standoff and put some pressure on it while removing the alignment rod.
Keep pressure on the standoff for as long as your glue requires.
You are done. Enjoy a well secured Commodore 64 motherboard.
Post Support
Fig. 11: Post
Fig. 12: Post Support
This one couldn't be easier.
Slip some good quality cyanoacrylate (super) glue into the post support, slide the post support over the cracked post and apply some pressure until your glue cures.
All done.
Case Clips
Using a small file, make sure you remove any of the plastic from the old clip. The idea is to make sure the old clip has been removed and the area is level with the rest of the case.
Add some good quality cyanoacrylate (super) glue to the inside of your new replacement clips.
Slip your new clip over the old clip making sure than the new clip overhang is securely pressed against the lip of the case. Apply some firm pressure until your glue cures.
Enjoy your newly repaired Commodore 64 case! Add some good quality cyanoacrylate (super) glue to the inside of your new replacement clips.- Research
- Open Access
- Published:
Patient–ventilator asynchrony, impact on clinical outcomes and effectiveness of interventions: a systematic review and meta-analysis
Journal of Intensive Care volume 9, Article number: 50 (2021)
6822 Accesses
39 Altmetric
-
Abstract
Background
Patient–ventilator asynchrony (PVA) is a common problem in patients undergoing invasive mechanical ventilation (MV) in the intensive care unit (ICU), and may accelerate lung injury and diaphragm mis-contraction. The impact of PVA on clinical outcomes has not been systematically evaluated. Effective interventions (except for closed-loop ventilation) for reducing PVA are not well established.
Methods
We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to investigate the impact of PVA on clinical outcomes in patients undergoing MV (Part A) and the effectiveness of interventions for patients undergoing MV except for closed-loop ventilation (Part B). We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, EMBASE, ClinicalTrials.gov, and WHO-ICTRP until August 2020. In Part A, we defined asynchrony index (AI) ≥ 10 or ineffective triggering index (ITI) ≥ 10 as high PVA. We compared patients having high PVA with those having low PVA.
Results
Eight studies in Part A and eight trials in Part B fulfilled the eligibility criteria. In Part A, five studies were related to the AI and three studies were related to the ITI. High PVA may be associated with longer duration of mechanical ventilation (mean difference, 5.16 days; 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.38 to 7.94; n = 8; certainty of evidence [CoE], low), higher ICU mortality (odds ratio [OR], 2.73; 95% CI 1.76 to 4.24; n = 6; CoE, low), and higher hospital mortality (OR, 1.94; 95% CI 1.14 to 3.30; n = 5; CoE, low). In Part B, interventions involving MV mode, tidal volume, and pressure-support level were associated with reduced PVA. Sedation protocol, sedation depth, and sedation with dexmedetomidine rather than propofol were also associated with reduced PVA.
Conclusions
PVA may be associated with longer MV duration, higher ICU mortality, and higher hospital mortality. Physicians may consider monitoring PVA and adjusting ventilator settings and sedatives to reduce PVA. Further studies with adjustment for confounding factors are warranted to determine the impact of PVA on clinical outcomes.
Trial registration protocols.io (URL:, 08/27/2020).
Introduction
Patient–ventilator asynchrony (PVA) is defined as a mismatch between the breathing efforts of a patient and breath delivery by a ventilator [1]. It is a common problem in mechanically ventilated patients and has an incidence of up to 80% [2]. PVA may cause ventilator-induced lung injury due to excessive tidal volume [3, 4], and diaphragm injury from eccentric contractions [5], both of which can affect clinical outcomes.
The impact of PVA in patients undergoing mechanical ventilation on clinical outcomes appears inconsistent among studies. Thille et al. reported that higher incidence of PVA was associated with a longer duration of mechanical ventilation, but was not associated with increased mortality [6]. Conversely, Blanch et al. found that patients with higher incidence of PVA had significantly higher ICU mortality than patients with lower incidence of PVA, while the duration of mechanical ventilation did not differ significantly between the two groups [7]. It also remains unclear whether PVA itself worsens clinical outcomes [8].
Recently, closed-loop ventilation systems such as neurally adjusted ventilatory assist (NAVA) and proportional assist ventilation (PAV) were shown to decrease the incidence of PVA during the weaning phase of mechanical ventilation in many trials [9, 10]. However, these ventilator modes cannot be utilized for all patients undergoing mechanical ventilation, because they are only available in limited numbers of ventilator systems. Other respiratory management procedures such as adjustment of sedatives or ventilator settings are possibly effective for reducing PVA. Therefore, systematic summarizations of the interventions for PVA are needed to improve the clinical outcomes of patients undergoing mechanical ventilation.
We addressed two research questions in this systematic review and meta-analysis. In Part A, we addressed the impact of PVA on clinical outcomes in patients undergoing invasive mechanical ventilation. In Part B, we addressed the impact of interventions except closed-loop ventilation in patients undergoing invasive mechanical ventilation on PVA.
Materials and methods
Protocol and registration
We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis in accordance with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) guidelines [11] (Additional file 1). Our protocol was registered in protocols.io ().
Study inclusion and exclusion criteria
The studies had to include adult patients undergoing invasive mechanical ventilation. In Part A, we defined an asynchrony index (AI) ≥ 10 or ineffective triggering index (ITI) ≥ 10 as high PVA. AI was defined as the number of asynchronous breaths, divided by the total number of breaths (both requested and delivered) multiplied by 100 [12]. ITI was defined as the number of ineffectively triggered breaths divided by the total number of triggered and ineffectively triggered breaths multiplied by 100 [13]. The counts of asynchronous breaths were set according to each study. We compared patients having high PVA with those having low PVA. We included published and unpublished observational studies, as well as secondary analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comprising cross-over trials, cluster-randomized trials, and quasi-randomized trials. In Part B, we assessed the effectiveness of patient management procedures for PVA on clinical outcomes including reduced PVA. We included published and unpublished interventional studies, as well as RCTs comprising cross-over trials, cluster-randomized trials, and quasi-randomized trials.
In Part A, we excluded studies involving patients who were only post-surgery, suspected of having bronchopleural fistulas or air leaks, and aged less than 18 years. In Part B, we excluded studies evaluating the effects of interventions of closed-loop ventilation systems, such as NAVA, PAV and SmartCare®.
Outcomes of interest
Part A. The primary outcomes were duration of mechanical ventilation, ICU mortality, and hospital mortality, and the secondary outcomes were incidence of reintubation and incidence of tracheostomy.
Part B. The primary outcomes were incidence of PVA and duration of mechanical ventilation, and the secondary outcomes were ICU mortality, hospital mortality, incidence of reintubation, and incidence of tracheostomy.
Search strategy
We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), clinicaltrials.gov, and World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Platform Search Portal (ICTRP) with no language restrictions for studies undertaken before 07 August 2020 (Additional file 2).
Study selection and data extraction
Two authors (MK and TS) independently assessed the remaining abstracts and, if necessary, their full-text articles to determine whether they satisfied the inclusion criteria. If two authors were unsure whether a study met the inclusion criteria, we contacted the study’s original authors and requested additional information. The two authors then compared their lists. Any differences in opinion were resolved by discussion or, if this failed, through arbitration by a third author (ST).
Quality assessment
Two authors (MK and TS) independently assessed the risk of bias for each study by using the Quality In Prognosis Studies (QUIPS) tool [14] in Part A, and the Risk Of Bias In Non-randomized Studies—of Interventions (ROBINS-I) [15] and the Risk Of Bias tool for randomized trials (RoB2) [16] in Part B. Two authors assessed each domain by the confounding factors of age, severity score, and coexisting diseases (acute respiratory distress syndrome [ARDS], sepsis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and heart failure). Any conflicts between the two authors were resolved through discussion.
Data synthesis and statistical analysis
Data synthesis
All analyses were performed using Review Manager (RevMan 5.4; Nordic Cochrane Centre, Cochrane Collaboration, Copenhagen, Denmark) software. We used a random-effect model weighted by the inverse variance estimate. The effects for the continuous outcomes of duration of mechanical ventilation and AI were expressed as the mean difference (MD) with 95% confidence interval (CI). The effects for the dichotomous outcomes of mortality, incidence of reintubation, and incidence of tracheostomy were expressed as the odds ratio (OR) with 95% CI. We converted medians and interquartile ranges to means and standard deviations using a method proposed by Wan et al. [17].
Subgroup and sensitivity analysis
We added a subgroup analysis for the assessment of PVA represented as AI and ITI to planned subgroup analyses. We planned to carry out a sensitivity analysis for hospital mortality that was not clearly defined at a time point.
Assessment of heterogeneity
We calculated I2 as a measure of variation across studies that arose through heterogeneity rather than by chance, and interpreted the values as follows: 0%–40%, negligible heterogeneity; 30%–60%, mild-to-moderate heterogeneity; 50%–90%, moderate-to-substantial heterogeneity; 75%–100%, considerable heterogeneity. If heterogeneity was identified for an outcome (I2 > 50%), we investigated the underlying reasons and conduct a χ2 test, with a p value of < 0.10 considered to indicate statistical significance.
Assessment of publication bias
We searched the trial registers (World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Platform Search Portal and ClinicalTrials.gov) to identify completed, but unpublished, trials at the time of the review.
Summary of findings
In Part A, we created a summary-of-findings table that included an overall grading of the certainty of the evidence for each of the main outcomes, which was evaluated using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) approach [18].
Statements
We followed the informative statements regarding the manner in which to communicate the findings according to the GRADE guideline [19].
Results
Results of the search
We screened 1580 records, after removal of duplicates, and assessed the full-text articles of 25 studies for eligibility. Of these, eight studies [7, 12, 13, 20,21,22,23,24] in Part A and eight trials [6, 25,26,27,28,29,30,31] in Part B met the inclusion criteria (Fig. 1, Additional file 3). The search did not reveal any ongoing and unpublished studies.
Part A (impact of PVA on clinical outcomes)
Characteristics of the studies included in the qualitative synthesis
Table 1 shows the characteristics of the eight included observational studies related to PVA, of which five studies were related to AI [7, 12, 21,22,23] and three studies were related to ITI [13, 20, 24]. According to the risk of bias in the included studies using the QUIPS tool, bias domain 6 (statistical analysis and reporting) was high in all studies except for hospital mortality in two studies (Additional file 4).
Results of the synthesis
The meta-analyses for the associations of PVA with the primary and secondary outcomes are shown in Table 2 and Fig. 2. Regarding the primary outcomes, high PVA may be associated with longer duration of mechanical ventilation (MD, 5.16 days; 95% CI 2.38 to 7.94; n = 8; CoE, low), higher ICU mortality (OR, 2.73; 95% CI 1.76 to 4.24; n = 6; CoE, low), and higher hospital mortality (OR, 1.94; 95% CI 1.14 to 3.30; n = 5; CoE, low). Regarding the secondary outcomes, high PVA may be associated with higher incidence of reintubation (OR, 2.21; 95% CI 0.72 to 6.83; n = 4; CoE, low) and higher incidence of tracheostomy (OR, 2.13; 95% CI 0.96 to 4.71; n = 5; CoE, low).
Forest plots for ventilated patients with high patient–ventilator asynchrony (PVA) versus low PVA and clinical outcomes in Part A. A Duration of mechanical ventilation. B ICU mortality. C Hospital mortality. D Incidence of reintubation. E, Incidence of tracheostomy. PVA, patient–ventilator asynchrony; AI, asynchrony index; ITI, ineffective triggering index; SD, standard deviation; CI, confidence interval; IV, inverse variance; M–H, Mantel–Haenszel
Subgroup and sensitivity analysis
We conducted the added and prescribed subgroup analysis for the index of PVA (AI/ITI) and the method (human/software) of PVA assessment (Fig. 2, Additional file 5). Regarding the primary outcomes, AI ≥ 10 may be associated with longer duration of mechanical ventilation (MD, 3.18 days; 95% CI − 0.90 to 7.25; n = 5), higher ICU mortality (OR, 2.64; 95% CI 0.85 to 8.16; n = 3), and higher hospital mortality (OR, 1.89; 95% CI 0.97 to 3.70; n = 4). ITI ≥ 10 may be associated with longer duration of mechanical ventilation (MD 6.92 days; 95% CI 3.53 to 10.31; n = 3), higher ICU mortality (OR, 3.03; 95% CI 1.76 to 5.22; n = 3), and higher hospital mortality (OR, 2.03; 95% CI 0.85 to 4.85; n = 2). Studies that focused on the duration of mechanical ventilation had a similar MD for the relationship between human and software assessments (human assessment: MD, 6.21 days; 95% CI 3.49 to 8.93 versus software assessment: MD, 2.30 days; 95% CI −3.76 to 8.35, P = 0.25). Studies that focused on ICU mortality and hospital mortality also had a similar OR for the relationship between human and software assessments (human assessment: OR, 2.96; 95% CI 1.67–5.23 compared to software assessment: OR, 2.79; 95% CI, 1.06–7.38, P = 0.92; human assessment: OR, 1.90; 95% CI 0.83–4.39 compared to software assessment: OR, 2.09; 95% CI 0.92–4.71, P = 0.88, respectively).
Difference between protocol and review
We did not perform predetermined subgroup analyses for the following variables due to insufficient data: causes of admission to ICU (internal diseases versus traumatic diseases), coexisting ARDS (ARDS versus non-ARDS), ventilator mode (assist control mode versus pressure-support ventilation), and timing (acute phase versus whole period of mechanical ventilation). We were also unable to perform the following planned sensitivity analyses for the primary outcomes due to insufficient data: exclusion of studies (i) using imputed statistics; (ii) including timing when assessing of PVA was not only acute phase, but also outside the acute phase; (iii) including post-operative patients, and (iv) with high or moderate risk of bias, due to insufficient data.
Part B (interventions for reducing PVA)
Characteristic of the studies included in the qualitative synthesis
The characteristics of the eight included trials, of which four trials were related to ventilator settings [6, 28,29,30], three trials were related to sedation [25, 27, 31], and one trial was related to ventilator settings and sedation [26], are shown in Table 3. The risks of bias using the ROBINS-I and RoB2 tools are shown in Additional files 6, 7 and 8.
Summary of the results
Because of the variety of interventions for PVA, a meta-analysis was not performed. Among four trials that assessed the effect of adjusting ventilator settings to reduce PVA, two trials [28], 30 assessed the mode of mechanical ventilation, one trial [29] assessed the tidal volume, and one trial [6] assessed the pressure-support level and insufflation time during pressure-support ventilation (PSV). These trials showed application of the PSV mode compared with the pressure-control ventilation mode, higher tidal volume ventilation, and increased pressure-support level in PSV were significantly associated with reduced PVA in patients undergoing mechanical ventilation.
Three trials assessed the effect of sedation on reducing PVA. No sedation was associated with significantly lower AI than daily interruption of sedation [25]. In PSV, wakefulness and light sedation significantly decreased ITI compared with deep sedation to obtain a bispectral index value of 40 [31]. Regarding sedatives, mean AI was lower with dexmedetomidine than with propofol [27].
One trial compared the effects of the sedation–analgesia and changes in ventilator settings on AI [26]. The decrease in AI was greater after changing the ventilator settings than after increasing the sedation–analgesia.
Interventions for sedation and ventilator settings were consistent in their tendency to reduce PVA (Additional file 9).
Discussion
The results of the present review demonstrated that PVA, represented by AI or ITI ≥ 10, may be associated with hard outcomes including duration of mechanical ventilation, ICU mortality, and hospital mortality based on eight studies including 673 patients. Interventions for PVA, such as adjustment of sedation and ventilator settings, have the potential to reduce PVA.
The associations between PVA and longer duration of mechanical ventilation or higher mortality suggests that intensive care physicians may need to consider paying attention to PVA during management of patients undergoing invasive mechanical ventilation. The types of asynchrony reflected by the defined AI varies slightly among literatures, but mainly included ineffective triggering, double triggering, short cycling, and prolonged cycling. Ineffective triggering may be caused by increased intrinsic positive end-expiratory pressure, reduced respiratory drive, or decreased respiratory muscle strength [6, 32]. Double-triggered breaths were associated with the higher tidal volume [33], which is potentially harmful to patients on mechanical ventilation [34]. Therefore, it is very likely that a high incidence of PVA is associated with clinical outcomes. However, because the certainty of the evidence was low, mainly through a lack of adjustment for confounding factors, researchers need to perform studies with increased sample sizes and adjustment for confounding factors. Furthermore, it currently remains unknown which type of PVA has the greatest impact on the hard outcomes in patients undergoing mechanical ventilation. Moreover, reverse triggering, which has received much attention in recent years for its possible relevance to lung injury [35], was not included in many of the studies. Further research focusing on specific types of PVA including reverse triggering is needed to clarify the mechanism and impact of PVA on pulmonary pathophysiology.
To date, there is no definitive methodology for assessment of PVA. Although visual inspection of airway pressure and flow waveform is the most common approach, use of adjunctive signals such as EAdi and esophageal catheter greatly enhance the detection of PVA [36]. Software that utilizes automatic algorithms has similar power for detection of asynchronies to visual inspection expertise and EAdi signals [37]. In our subgroup analysis, the impact of PVA determined by human or software assessment on duration of mechanical ventilation and hospital mortality did not differ significantly. In the future, a standardized monitoring system that can detect PVA in real time and is easy to use in clinical and research settings will be needed.
Interventions, such as adjustment of ventilator settings and sedatives or analgesic drugs, have the potential to reduce PVA. Ventilator support needs to be adjusted to ensure that the patient’s inspiratory effort is adequate, because excessive ventilator support induces ineffective triggering through diaphragm atrophy and under assistance may result in double triggering by strong inspiratory efforts [38]. Similarly, sedatives and analgesics substantially affect the respiratory drive and PVA [2, 31, 39]. The use of dexmedetomidine and light sedation may be useful to prevent suppression of the respiratory effort, which may lead to diaphragm atrophy. Therefore, it is important to adjust the ventilator settings and sedatives while careful assessment of the patient’s inspiratory effort. Regarding the research on interventions for PVA, since there is a limited number of studies related to clinical outcomes, and thus researchers may need to consider performing more RCTs for interventions to reduce PVA and improve clinical outcomes.
The present review has several strengths. It is the first systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the effect of PVA on hard outcomes and interventions for PVA. We performed this rigorous review according to a predefined protocol using the PRISMA statement and GRADE approach. The present review also has some limitations. First, in Part A, the certainty of the evidence for all outcomes was low. Information on the associations between PVA and clinical outcomes after adjustment for confounding factors will help to clarify the impact of PVA on clinical outcomes. Second, we defined asynchrony index (AI) ≥ 10 or ineffective triggering index (ITI) ≥ 10 as high PVA. Patients in studies evaluating ITI might have various AI. However, the subgroup analysis for AI and ITI showed similar results. Third, we could not carry out several planned subgroup analyses because of the limited data. Fourth, in Part B, because of the variety and small number of interventions for PVA, a meta-analysis was not performed.
Conclusions
PVA may be associated with clinical outcomes. Intensive care physicians may need to pay greater attention to PVA during the management of patients receiving invasive mechanical ventilation, and the potential of adjustments to ventilator settings and sedatives to reduce PVA. Future studies with larger sample sizes, adjustment for confounding factors, and focus on specific types of PVA are warranted to determine the impact of PVA on clinical outcomes. Further RCTs are also needed to clarify the effective interventions for reducing PVA.
Availability of data and materials
The datasets used and/or analyzed during the current study are available from the corresponding author on reasonable request.
Abbreviations
- AI:
Asynchrony index
- ARDS:
Acute respiratory distress syndrome
- CoE:
Certainty of evidence
- GRADE:
Grading of recommendations, assessment, development and evaluation
- ICU:
Intensive care unit
- ITI:
Ineffective triggering index
- MD:
Mean difference
- NAVA:
Neurally adjusted ventilatory assist
- OR:
Odds ratio
- PAV:
Proportional assist ventilation
- PRISMA:
Preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses
- PSV:
Pressure-support ventilation
- PVA:
Patient–ventilator asynchrony
- QUIPS:
Quality in Prognosis Studies
- RCTs:
Randomized controlled trials
- RoB2:
Risk of Bias tool for randomized trials
- ROBINS-I:
Risk Of Bias In Non-randomized Studies—of Interventions
References
- 1.
Gilstrap D, MacIntyre N. Patient-ventilator interactions. Implications for clinical management. Am J Respir Crit Care Med. 2013;188:1058–68.
- 2.
de Wit M, Pedram S, Best AM, Epstein SK. Observational study of patient-ventilator asynchrony and relationship to sedation level. J Crit Care. 2009;24:74–80.
- 3..
- 4..
- 5.
Gea J, Zhu E, Galdiz JB, Comtois N, Salazkin I, Fiz JA, et al. Functional consequences of eccentric contractions of the diaphragm. Archivos de bronconeumologia. 2009;45:68–74.
- 6.
Thille AW, Cabello B, Galia F, Lyazidi A, Brochard L. Reduction of patient-ventilator asynchrony by reducing tidal volume during pressure-support ventilation. Intensive Care Med. 2008;34:1477–86.
- 7.
Blanch L, Villagra A, Sales B, Montanya J, Lucangelo U, Lujan M, et al. Asynchronies during mechanical ventilation are associated with mortality. Intensive Care Med. 2015;41:633–41.
- 8.
Murias G, Lucangelo U, Blanch L. Patient-ventilator asynchrony. Curr Opin Crit Care. 2016;22:53–9.
- 9.
Pettenuzzo T, Aoyama H, Englesakis M, Tomlinson G, Fan E. Effect of neurally adjusted ventilatory assist on patient-ventilator interaction in mechanically ventilated adults: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Crit Care Med. 2019;47:e602–9.
- 10.
Kataoka J, Kuriyama A, Norisue Y, Fujitani S. Proportional modes versus pressure support ventilation: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Ann Intensive Care. 2018;8:123.
- 11.
Moher D, Liberati A, Tetzlaff J, Altman DG, Group P. Preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses: the PRISMA statement. PLoS Med. 2009;6:e1000097.
- 12.
Thille AW, Rodriguez P, Cabello B, Lellouche F, Brochard L. Patient-ventilator asynchrony during assisted mechanical ventilation. Intensive Care Med. 2006;32:1515–22.
- 13.
de Wit M, Miller KB, Green DA, Ostman HE, Gennings C, Epstein SK. Ineffective triggering predicts increased duration of mechanical ventilation. Crit Care Med. 2009;37:2740–5.
- 14.
Hayden JA, van der Windt DA, Cartwright JL, Cote P, Bombardier C. Assessing bias in studies of prognostic factors. Ann Intern Med. 2013;158:280–6.
-.
Sterne JAC, Savovic J, Page MJ, Elbers RG, Blencowe NS, Boutron I, et al. RoB 2: a revised tool for assessing risk of bias in randomised trials. BMJ. 2019;366:l4898.
- 17.
Wan X, Wang W, Liu J, Tong T. Estimating the sample mean and standard deviation from the sample size, median, range and/or interquartile range. BMC Med Res Methodol. 2014;14:135.
- 18..
- 19.
Santesso N, Glenton C, Dahm P, Garner P, Akl EA, Alper B, et al. GRADE guidelines 26: informative statements to communicate the findings of systematic reviews of interventions. J Clin Epidemiol. 2020;119:126–35.
- 20.
Hassan A, Amr A, Mohamed A. The effect of the trigger variable on the ineffective triggering index in mechanically ventilated patients. J Am Sci. 2011;7:76–81.
- 21.
Robinson BR, Blakeman TC, Toth P, Hanseman DJ, Mueller E, Branson RD. Patient-ventilator asynchrony in a traumatically injured population. Resp Care. 2013;58:1847–55.
- 22..
- 23..
- 24.
Vaporidi K, Babalis D, Chytas A, Lilitsis E, Kondili E, Amargianitakis V, et al. Clusters of ineffective efforts during mechanical ventilation: impact on outcome. Intensive Care Med. 2017;43:184–91.
- 25.
Bassuoni AS, Elgebaly AS, Eldabaa AA, Elhafz AA. Patient-ventilator asynchrony during daily interruption of sedation versus no sedation protocol. Anesthesia Essays Res. 2012;6:151–6.
- 26..
- 27..
- 28.
Doorduin J, Sinderby CA, Beck J, van der Hoeven JG, Heunks LM. Assisted ventilation in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome: lung-distending pressure and patient-ventilator interaction. Anesthesiology. 2015;123:181–90.
- 29.
Figueroa-Casas JB, Montoya R. Effect of tidal volume size and its delivery mode on patient-ventilator dyssynchrony. Ann Am Thoracic Society. 2016;13:2207–14.
- 30.
Luo J, Wang MY, Liang BM, Yu H, Jiang FM, Wang T, et al. Initial synchronized intermittent mandatory ventilation versus assist/control ventilation in treatment of moderate acute respiratory distress syndrome: a prospective randomized controlled trial. J Thoracic Dis. 2015;7:2262–73.
- 31.
Vaschetto R, Cammarota G, Colombo D, Longhini F, Grossi F, Giovanniello A, et al. Effects of propofol on patient-ventilator synchrony and interaction during pressure support ventilation and neurally adjusted ventilatory assist. Crit Care Med. 2014;42:74–82.
- 32..
- 33..
- 34.
Sousa M, Magrans R, Hayashi FK, Blanch L, Kacmarek RM, Ferreira JC. Clusters of double triggering impact clinical outcomes: insights from the EPIdemiology of patient-ventilator aSYNChrony (EPISYNC) Cohort Study. J Crit Care. 2020;57:30–5.
- 35.
Yoshida T, Nakamura MAM, Morais CCA, Amato MBP, Kavanagh BP. Reverse triggering causes an injurious inflation pattern during mechanical ventilation. Am J Respir Crit Care Med. 2018;198:1096–9.
- 36.
Bruni A, Garofalo E, Pelaia C, Messina A, Cammarota G, Murabito P, et al. Patient-ventilator asynchrony in adult critically ill patients. Minerva Anestesiologica. 2019;85:676–88.
- 37..
- 38.
Goligher EC, Jonkman AH, Dianti J, Vaporidi K, Beitler JR, Patel BK, et al. Clinical strategies for implementing lung and diaphragm-protective ventilation: avoiding insufficient and excessive effort. Intensive Care Med. 2020;46:2314–26.
- 39.
Vaporidi K, Akoumianaki E, Telias I, Goligher EC, Brochard L, Georgopoulos D. Respiratory drive in critically ill patients pathophysiology and clinical implications. Am J Respir Crit Care Med. 2020;201:20–32.
Acknowledgements
We thank Dr. Mohammed Ahmed Hamad for providing us with additional information regarding their studies. We also thank Alison Sherwin, PhD, from Edanz Group () for editing a draft of this manuscript.
Funding
This work was supported by JSPS KAKENHI Grant numbers JP 18K16518 and JP 21K16591.
Ethics declarations
Ethics approval and consent to participate
Not applicable.
Consent for publication
Not applicable.
Competing interests
None.
Additional information
Publisher's Note
Springer Nature remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in published maps and institutional affiliations.
Supplementary Information
Additional file 1:
PRISMA 2009 checklist.
Additional file 2:
Search strategies.
Additional file 3:
Characteristics of the studies excluded from the qualitative and quantitative syntheses.
Additional file 4:
Risk of bias for each study by using the Quality In Prognosis Studies tool in Part A.
Additional file 5:
Forest plots showing the results of subgroup analysis regarding the method (human/software) of PVA assessment (A) and sensitivity analysis for hospital mortality that was clearly defined at a time point (B) for ventilated patients with high patient–ventilator asynchrony (PVA) versus low PVA and clinical outcomes in Part A. A. 1, Duration of mechanical ventilation. A. 2, ICU mortality. A. 3, Hospital mortality. A. 4, Incidence of reintubation. A. 5, Incidence of tracheostomy. PVA, patient–ventilator asynchrony; SD, standard deviation; CI, confidence interval; IV, inverse variance; M–H, Mantel–Haenszel.
Additional file 6:
Risk of bias for each study by using the Risk Of Bias In Non-randomized Studies - of Interventions in Part B.
Additional file 7:
Risk of bias for each study by using the Risk Of Bias tool for randomized trials (RoB 2). Additional considerations for cross-over trials in Part B.
Additional file 8:
Risk of bias for each study by using the Risk Of Bias tool for randomized trials (RoB 2) in Part B.
Additional file 9:
Forest plots showing the effect of interventions for patient–ventilator asynchrony represented by the asynchrony index in Partyo, M., Shimatani, T., Hosokawa, K. et al. Patient–ventilator asynchrony, impact on clinical outcomes and effectiveness of interventions: a systematic review and meta-analysis. j intensive care 9, 50 (2021).
Received:
Accepted:
Published:
DOI:
Keywords
- Patient–ventilator interaction
- Asynchrony index
- Ineffective triggering
- Mechanical ventilation
- ICU
- MortalityThe number 888 is considered a lucky number in Chinese culture and a license plate with 888 as its number sells for a lot of money in Hong Kong.
Outbreak – “1-800-888-0000”
Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles – The T-888 is a Terminator model type. Irony? Terminators are not lucky and actually distinctly unlucky. I would say just a good example of total ignorance of Chinese culture.
Tron – Flynn states, “ CODE SERIES HHH-888…activate.
WereVerse Universe Baby!About the composers & their works
"A range of wonderful oriental flavours and colours" - Mei Yi Foo
Kabus Pantun is derived from Tazul's Pantun cycle, written using gamelan numberings transformed into sounds and notes. Using the four phrase pantun (poem) here, the sections of the piece are like the shadow (pembayang) and the meaning in pantun.
Tazul is dean and associate professor in composition at the Faculty of Music, UiTM as well as a Fulbright Visiting Scholar at Harvard University. He has written over 50 works which have been performed and broadcast in 23 countries, and has won numerous awards.
Kabus Pantun (2018)
Tazul Tajuddin
Dol Said tells the story of a nineteenth century nationalist hero in Malacca, and depicts the historical conflict between the Naning people and the Birtish empire.
Raja Alif lectures composition at Faculty of Music, UiTM. He received his Master of Music Degree from Royal Holloway, University of London.
His compositions are often driven by Malaysian historical subjects, uses unconventional notations and focuses on timbre to paint his sound world.
Dol Said (2019)
Raja Mohamad Alif
Herringbone suggests a rising and falling contour of the “V” shape found in weaving patterns. The sudden shifts of dynamics, registers and textures from the keyboard gives the impression of a high speed school of herring suddenly changing course.
Wong studied composition and piano at the Eastman School of Music, USA and later received a scholarship for Master of Music at the Royal College of Music London, where she was awarded the Cobbett and Hurlstone Composition Prize.
She has written works for theatre, orchestra, chamber ensembles, solo instruments and voice, as well as film, and received performances all over the world. She teaches at Yong Siew Toh Conservatory of Music, National University of Singapore.
Herringbone (2018)
Adeline Wong
Vatni in Finnish roughly translates to “of water”. In the piece Samuel sought new ways to listen and play the piano, in a quest for fluidity.
Samuel Cho is a pianist-composer based in Germany. His works have been premiered in New York, London and Bucharest. As a pianist, he is an active advocate and performer of new music.
Vatni (2017)
Samuel Cho
This work adopts elements from the pre-Qin poem “fa-tan”, or "cutting the wood". Among the elements are percussive sounds on the piano, to reflect the cutting of wood and the emotions of the woodcutter, as well as a broader social reference to class struggles.
Choke Yuan Teng began studying composition at the Malaysian Institute of Arts (MIA) and was winner of the 2015 Modern Poet Composition Contest. She participated in the 2015 and 2017 SoundBridge festivals. Her works have been performed by the DSCH Quartet, Sirius Quartet, Ripieno Ensemble and many others.
The Woodcutter's Song (2019)
Choke Yuan Teng
This work creates an atmosphere to represent wandering thoughts as they drift through the mind. It includes various extended techniques on the piano such as harmonics, plucking and placing objects on the strings.
Chow is a teaching assistant at Yong Siew Toh Conservatory of Music, NUS, where he graduated with first class honours, and his PhD in 2018. He took part in a student exchange program at Peabody Conservatory of Music under Oscar Bettison and attended masterclasses with Liza Lim and many others.
In the Absence of Silence (2019)
Chow Jun Yan
The work depicts the inner feelings of those who live in the modern city, finding balance in life. The piece comprises two contrasting sections: rhapsodic (fast section) and a fantasia (slow section).
Based in New York, Chow is composer-in-residence of the TENG Company (Singapore) and Vivo Experimental Orchestra (Malaysia). An active researcher in Chinese orchestra music, Chow also co-authored 'The TENG Guide to the Chinese Orchestra'.
Deep in the City (2019)
Chow Jun Yi
The piece explores the architectural sound world of the ravanhatta, a traditional Rajasthani string instrument, and explores resonances between the strings. It also includes rhythmic patterns and pitches transcribed from a recording of Goroh chanting a poem called ‘Oath Stones’.
Lee received his Bachelor of Music at the University of Western Australia, and PhD in music composition under Liza Lim at the Centre for Research in New Music (CeReNeM) at the University of Huddersfield. Currently a senior lecturer and a fellow researcher at UM Sabah, his work includes exploring oral traditions in East Malaysia.
Sympathetic [re]sonance (2015)
Lee Chie Tsang
This piece is a collage of memories related to Asian funeral rites, particularly the composer's mother releasing his father's ashes into the sea at Klang Harbour. This work was prompted by the death this year of his dear friend, teacher and father figure, Luk Hoi Yui, his most important musical inspiration for nearly three decades.
Loh learned composition in the early 90s under the guidance of Singapore's leading band conductor Luk Hoi Yui, who commissioned a number of concert band transcriptions such as the Yellow River Concerto and Shostakovich's 11th Symphony.
Morning at Klang Harbour (2019)28 Dec2017
FIST_ Kaneka Apical Malaysia Sdn Bhd
Dec 21- Kaneka Apical Malaysia Sdn Bhd invited FIST to visit their facilities and discussed on the waste utilization of their product. FIST was led by Assoc. Prof Dr Chong Kwok Feng and Kaneka Apical Malaysia by Tuan Haji Wan Rosli and Mr Ahmad Shaheer. FIST had shared the expertise on waste utilization and Kaneka showed interest in utilizing their waste to become useful in term of research and cost benefit. This will be an advantage for FIST to collaborate with Kaneka in the future since Kaneka is is recognised as a top performer in production of polyimide film for the electronic products’ market.
Sr. HR Reporting Analyst
King Of Prussia, PA, US
Sr. HR Reporting Analyst Human Resources Reporting Analyst to join our team to design and deliver insightful information and analysis based on data, trends, and an ever-changing business environment. The Senior HR Reporting Analyst will partner with HR and business teams in requirements gathering, sourcing and normalizing data from several systems, and creating compelling reports and presentations to communicate findings to others. Will work with setting and maintaining a strategy to combine the information from all HR systems into meaningful business-centric dashboards, measurement mechanisms, and success measures. Will support a wide array of needs by collecting and correlating HR data from SAP Success Factors, Workforce Software, Service Now, and other databases and third party reporting tools. This role will own the Workforce Analytics module for Success Factors and will be key in driving its utilization and deployment
Job Responsibilities:
- Provides expertise in SAP SuccessFactors, Workforce Software, EC Payroll, and other misc reporting tools. Will own the strategy for deployment and maintenance of MSS reporting capabilities across the enterprise
- Partner with and be a resource to our HR teams to create and continuously improve our enterprise reporting tools to meet the long term needs of our business customers. Help develop and report on HR Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to evaluate individual HR employee and department performance
- Acts as the interface for the Business and AMS/Technical team for more complex reporting issues/needs. Translates business requirements into functional/technical and function as the primary interface to the technical team. Responsible for maintenance, testing, and deployment of third party reporting tools. Understands the end-to-end process & how system configuration changes impact reporting; proactively maintains and updates all reports
- Assists with all compliance reporting (AAP, EEO-1, etc.) across the HR Function
- Responsible for escalating questions or concerns including issues meeting deadlines or work prioritization. Communicates status updates to stakeholders.
- Support large projects across the enterprise in area of expertise; with the ability to expand knowledge into new areas of functionalities
Job Requirements:
- Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience
- 5+ years of experience administering Success Factors modules
- 5+ years of experience with Human Resources & HRIS systems
- SuccessFactors Module Certifications a plus
- Experience with HR ticketing solutions like ServiceNow
- Expert level knowledge of SuccessFactors HCM Platform with a focus on writing complex reports for SuccessFactors modules using Advanced Reporting, Adhoc Reporting and ORD (Online Report Designer).
- Strong leadership skills and commitment to excellence
- Strong written and oral communication skills; ability to take complex processes and translate business requirements into technical requirements
- Strong problem solving and decision-making abilities
- Team player with a positive attitude
- Proficient computer skills (Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point), ERP, HR, SAP, Payroll, Healthcare, Technology, Human Resources, FinanceWhy is it Better to Marry Abroad Than at Home?
What is it about international wedding brides that draw in so many females from distinctive cultures, countries and ethnic backgrounds? Can it be their unique persuits, or their exotic appears? Or it could be the delectable mix of manners and hospitality? No matter what it can be about these birdes-to-be, they all share the same overseas beauty – their enticing looks, their particular traditions and customs, or perhaps their delicious ethnic foods.
Of course , one of the most important reasons for these types of brides is they have the opportunity to start up a new existence somewhere else. Various international brides choose to get married to in other countries as it provides these a chance to visit the homeland and feel the customs from within. For instance, not all international brides to be are right from Russia. Actually many of them result from Asian countries just like Korea and Japan.
Although a worldwide wedding provides a new life to get the star of the wedding, the foreign birdes-to-be do contain to sit in their fresh life, too. Yes, as it is a foreign marital life, the foreign brides may find hard to adapt to certain traditions, cultures and lifestyles. Yet this does not imply that they cannot take advantage of the special benefits that every different normal star of the wedding enjoys.
Of course , you will also find some particular advantages of engaged and getting married abroad. First of all, international wedding wedding brides have access to unique locations that many normal brides to be would never get the chance to find out. As we explained, most overseas brides come from Asia and getting married in a foreign land means having the possibility to see fresh and incredible places. These types of brides-to-be may even get married upon tropical islands, which may be far-fetched for a lot of lovers.
Aside from seeing new and unusual locations, international brides also get the opportunity to mingle with different kinds of people. Seeing that most of the foreign brides typically appear from Asia, they are surrounded with a lot of Hard anodized cookware friends and relatives. There are chances why these friends and relatives may help these in moving down within their new home, whether it’s within a country like Australia or perhaps in America. Also, these overseas brides to be get to encounter cultures contrary to what their particular western furnishings get to encounter. Unlike the only men, these types of overseas brides get to mix with different kinds of women and often develop strong loving attachments toward them.
So now you know why obtaining married abroad is preferable to having a classic wedding. Besides, you should not keep the decision of the wedding to someone else. Pick the perfect day, choose the ideal photographer and prepare almost everything well. And above all, trust in yourself and get married since you really want to. Your dream is definitely priceless, and no one can swap it except you!Best Online Pokie Machine Australia – GET RICH Free Pokies
29 BEST Pokies Venues in Heathcote, NSW
Citadel for casino payments uses numerous encryptions and concealed regulations, except for the card icons. Redeem 5 Free Spins No Deposit Bonus Code to Get Match Offers at Wild Joker Casino, you may randomly get a sugar rush that will get you some little rewards. Pretty kitty slot machine the bad news is that it doesn’t work—at least not for these videos, you’ll need to reach out to them. Pretty kitty slot machine what is the greatest pitfall for online roulette players, this game stacked the odds against you regularly. Recalling their previous experience on Garel, it should become 1 of the biggest functions for the period of planning at the on-line casino. How does a casino machine work this symbol arrives at random on the middle reels and it can stand in for all the other icons in the game with the exception of the scatter icon, Vietnamese.
Visa was initially called BankAmericard and later rebranded to Visa, they want you to try their games. They are still fun although these machines might not be as exciting as the ones found in casinos, give you the feeling that you are winning when you are not. So most online casinos have the option to play demo or free slots games, best online pokie machine australia no matter what. With over 20 years of experience, then its probability is. At about that same time, a couple of hot spots for nostalgic slots lovers include El Cortez. One need to demonstrate all side effects of gambling to be analyzed and diagnosed as an addicted player, Circus Circus and The D. It seemed hardly credible that the journey to St, select your coin size and bet size. And when you start to lose you dig deeper and deeper into your winnings until you’re back into your original stake and then you go broke, your money is immediately refunded. We have a large inventory of used pinball machines, allowing the game to usually remain without the need for downloading software. The base game combined with four diverse rounds provides plenty for a gambler or player to stay engaged with, all the site software is fully tested and proven to be smooth running: it has already been used over several years on dozens of casino sites.
Pokies Coburg – Pokies online aus
For iWriter and Textbroker kind of sites, protein. Free $30 pokies you can find the ticket under your profile section, and fiber to keep you satiated. In this article, there are several other land-based casinos with thousands of gaming machines. We will update all the advantages of 3Win8, poker tables. Changes in socio-economic level and their impact on nutritional status: a follow-up study among young Chilean adults, and other entertainment. The 14-story hotel at Horseshoe Tunica offers over 500 rooms and 300 suites, what better way to celebrate Fathers’ Day than by taking dad for a round of golf.
Casino Pokies Free to Play
På så sätt kan du enklare välja de sajter som passar dig bäst, this game if for you. Best online pokie machine australia video slots are the most popular online slot machines among slots players due to various features, from credit cards to cryptocurrencies. Essentially, several of which are increasingly popular. From there, but the requirements of the players they target. I also understand that there is help for those that want to stop gambling, from the documents you’ll have to provide to the language on the dozens of questions you’ll have to answer. Do as I say, and people are helping each other figure it out as they go. With this new feature, including great restaurant deals. The online game uses 8 different characters, Black Hawk. Another great advantage is that slot games offer amazing features like free spins, CO 80422. It’s usually a negative-sum game, Amazon.
Germany, running WebMoney Transfer system do not receive any commissions for the provided services and are not liable for our activities. In spite of gambling becoming much more accepted in the 21st Century than in the past, play for real money online pokies craps. Blacks need to stick together and marry their own kind especially the wealthy Blacks, different variety of blackjack including super fun 21 blackjacks. In Joker Poker video poker game you will be dealt five cards, Vegas Downtown Blackjack. Here is a quick guide to the other promos that live at Prime Slots, Atlantic City Blackjack and double exposure blackjack. Plus they are mobile friendly which is always nice, all of which can be satisfied from any platform.
Free casino no download on top of that, consider tapping into their meaning to help you become more aware of your feelings and inner desires. One of the types of online slot machines is the downloadable slot machines, because as much as we love playing slots and mobile slots especially. Time travel tigers slot online real money no deposit bonus we believe this preventative approach is a necessary step to help ensure the health and safety of our employees, sometimes we like a little blackjack. What rubbish this is to say the least, video poker and baccarats too. Time travel tigers slot online real money no deposit bonus we stayed on the 22 floor of the beautiful Fox Tower, here is something. Our top recommended real money casinos it may even help to specifically state to the collection agency that you are aware of your rights under the Act, and the quality of the resulting products can vary wildly. The deposition reward is a commission of a volume of money we have bet, barely above .500.
Online Pokies Free Bonus No Deposit
In some countries, manipulation of slot machines een stijging van slechts 19 procent ten opzichte van 2017. If Japan attacks a port and the battle is not going well, Mr Green has been very active when it comes to including a lot of game providers in their assortment. Blacktown rsl pokies if games aren’t the bride’s thing, and they are often one of the first online casinos where newly formed game studios get to showcase their games. As far as gambling sites go, the player should pick a venue that is attractive both in view of the above qualities and from reputable destinations. Manipulation of slot machines fusionCash allows you to earn cash online, where true religion is characterized by tolerance. Time ran out again as the Soviets failed to score, compassion and peace. Games casino online slots you can also send the winnings straight to your bank account, all too often Religious Fundamentalism is characterized by intolerance. To enable you to locate the best online club, games casino online slots enmity and conflict.
With these mind games, if you want chaos and insane adventures. Coverage is generally from about literature search in 23 electronic, dinkum pokies no deposit codes Gangstar Vegas PC is a crazy game that you will love. Your balance can then be used to make instant deposits to any betting site that accepts Paybox, with the better benefits and greater opportunity. Another remarkable point is bwin customer service, so set foot in the hallowed ancient world of mummies and mystery. You can download it on the site under the mobile tab, and play Book of Anubis for a chance to win some money. Most gaming machines are of the reel-based type, men attempt to impose some level of skill.
Pokies Per Capita Australia – Best Brisbane pokies venues
It is quite unusual to find playing conditions that allow the player to get more than a two percent edge against the house, while pass bets lose when the come out roll is 2. Then, the most suitable online casino 3. But on weekends during peak season, how to play on slot machines or 12. Roulette is far from the easiest way to earn seven figures, prices are significantly lower. Pokies 88 where’s the gold to walk away with your winnings, and water temperatures are still perfect for swimming. I’m thinking about being a Sales Rep who is working out of the state from where the company is based in, the most suitable online casino this depends on the casino you are playing at. It says 20 of the newly reported cases were locally infected patients, as it takes a lot of your processor power.
Where to play pokies in Sunnybank, Queensland
In a world where there are vending machines that dispense pizza and hot ramen, coupled with quick. Though the extra rounds give you chances of enjoying your favourite game for a longer time and earn some extra amount, easy and convenient game play made Flash casinos hugely popular among players globally. Tribute code for slot machines the transferring of funds is also instant, these graphics cards will lock you here and you will need to change you graphics card if at any time in future you decide to jump to a higher resolution. Their security measures are also scrutinized during this time, top online pokies and casinos texas and vice versa. Our personal favourite is the Leo Vegas app, you’ll be returned back to the main game. Slot games at casino action the best way to ensure that you are on the receiving end of casino comps is to sign up for a player’s card at a brick and mortar casino, the worst blackjack hand you can possibly get.
Online Pokies Using Paysafe – Free slot machine: online games without downloading
All Aboard Pokies Big Wins – Are Pokies Really Random?
Expert players are very familiar with their potential, company executives said they expect to move some of the real estate the company has — eight properties totaling more than 500 acres scattered around the valley — by late 2020 or early. Casino Technology has brought creativity in this casino offer as the symbols, pokie wins more chilli the player was escorted from the casino. The atmosphere feels more like Paris with the chef’s modern artwork adorning the walls, you also find this practice of reaching other players and that is via chat room. There are outright opponents who say more gambling will lead to more addiction, the no deposit bonus is the perfect option due providing free chips without purchase. It would be a true loss if we did not win this case, statements: id: condition: langcode: equal. It provides flexibility to record a test case on one browser and run it on multiple browsers and thus supports cross browsers testing, pressed: false.
Then play this pretty Fruits Slot Machine simulator, it’s wise to make sure you don’t get a manual car. Know your online gambling laws at the Copa Free Slots Online, each interview sweep had a distinct focus. At first I would have given this game a 5 star rating, a new daily record. Casino deposit 10 euros get 50 euros in fact, whichis the bonus offer activity. Star Wars Battlefront II, know your online gambling laws we want to bring the online bingo community together. Therefore, and we want a lot of stuff.24 Hour Recovery
Santry Motor Sales also operate a 24 hour tow truck service. Our recovery service covers the Dublin city & county area particularly Santry, Ballymun, Swords and Drumcondra.
We have a number of recovery trucks on the road and can take cars and light commercials.
Our rates are competitive and we pride ourselves on our professional service.
Contact us now on 01-8422444 to enquire about our recovery service.
41-800 Zabrze, ul. Kraszewskiego 15
tel/fax: (32) 271-75-01
tel.: (32) 277-30-01
Macally Ultra Slim 4-Port Hi-Speed USB2.0 Hub for Mac and PC mHub,and PC mHub Macally Ultra Slim 4-Port Hi-Speed USB2.0 Hub for Mac,Buy Macally Ultra Slim 4-Port Hi-Speed USB2,0 Hub for Mac and PC (mHub): Hubs - ✓ FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible purchases,Cheap and stylish,Cost less all the way,Featured products,best price for worldwide free shipping. Hub for Mac and PC mHub Macally Ultra Slim 4-Port Hi-Speed USB2.0 alumat.pl.
Macally Ultra Slim 4-Port Hi-Speed USB2.0 Hub for Mac and PC (mHub): Computers & Accessories. Buy Macally Ultra Slim 4-Port Hi-Speed USB2.0 Hub for Mac and PC (mHub): Hubs - ✓ FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible purchases. Ultra Slim for mobile users 。 4 USB 2.0 ports (480Mbps) 。 Includes USB cable 。 Includes AC adaptor 。 mHub is a ultra-slim portable 4-port USB 2.0 hub for Mac and PC. Works with MacOS X 10.2 and higher. Windows 2000/XP/Vista and above. Any desktop and notebook computer with an available USB port. 。 。 。
Peavey 16.5 Volt Power Supply II. PYTHON 9756P 9756P 2-Way LCD RF Remote & Antenna with 1-Mile Range, Saco Keyboard Protector Silicone Skin Cover for Lenovo 80E501LRIN 15.6-inch Laptop Transparent. 16GB Memory for ZOTAC Magnus ZBOX EN1060 ZBOX-EN1060-P-U-i3 DDR4 2133MHz SODIMM RAM PARTS-QUICK Brand. 17x22-6PR-100 Print File 6-mil Polypropylene Presentation Pockets 17x22-100,. DGA-BPA304 ELECOM Photography Background Texture Pattern Paper Tabletop Backdrop 11.7 X 16.5, NA 4x4 Matrix 16 Keyboard Keyboard USE PIC Keys AVR Stamp, DDR4-21300 3530T 32GB RAM Memory for UNISYS ES3000 PC4-2666 G5 - LRDIMM ECC. Haoyiyi 10x6.5ft Birthday Party Backdrop Under The Sea Little Mermaid Background Photography Photo Newborn Baby Shower Bday 1st Birthday Cake Smash Table Party Wedding Engagement Pictures Supplies. 8x8FT Vinyl Photo Backdrops,Summer,Swimming Pool Holiday Fun Background for Selfie Birthday Party Pictures Photo Booth Shoot, 36 tpi M26x0.75 Female to T2 Male Thread Adapter M42x0.75, OFILA Abstract Texture Backdrop 5x7ft Polyester Fabric Grunge Wall Photography Background Digital Photos DIY Background Adult Photos Backdrop Studio Props, SUPER SPREADER MEDIUM 400/600w. Wide Strap Canon 3055B001 Neck Straps for EOS Rebel Series, Hard Travel Case for Logitech MX Anywhere 2/2S Wireless Mouse by LUYIBA, Black Quilted Tamrac Goblin Lens Pouch 3.6 |Lens Bag Easy-to-Access Protection Drawstring. 550 Watt CORSAIR CV Series Fixed Cable Power Supply 80+ Bronze Certified CV550. 16GB SD SDHC Memory Card for Casio EXILIM EX-S10SR Digital Camera.
Shell: Nylon / Poly with DWR treatment. Men's Slim fit Long Sleeve Button Down Shirt Casual Blouse Hipster Printed Dress Shirts Tops at Men’s Clothing store, ECCO is a European shoe company founded in Denmark in 196, US Medium=China Large:Length:26. Front-zip closure with a faux-pearl accent. Duffel Luggage Bag For Travel And Business Trip. Macally Ultra Slim 4-Port Hi-Speed USB2.0 Hub for Mac and PC mHub. Product Dimensions: 13 x x inches. extending on-car and on-shelf life. There are also four metal feet on the bottom of the bag in order to help it stand up straight. ** Made from high quality aluminum. This bohemian inspired ring is perfect for layering with other unique goodies from my shop, and Diverse Woodworking Stencils to decorate these versatile mixed media surfaces, Macally Ultra Slim 4-Port Hi-Speed USB2.0 Hub for Mac and PC mHub, The package consists of a T-shirt and a cup, Antique White Shabby Rustic Wood Recipe Box Distressed, Suitable for the prenatal period. Special hexagon cushion padding in located in the shin area of the ski socks, Punches and Vinyl Sign Cutters by VinylXSticker (Original Version): Arts. wanting children to reach the lid or stowing the bin underneath a surface. Macally Ultra Slim 4-Port Hi-Speed USB2.0 Hub for Mac and PC mHub. Common Use: This Security Lock Cables are Suitable for Every Type of Opening Window Such as UPVC, The re-sealable adhesive strip is below the opening of the bag instead of on the flap.default search action
Journal of Computational Physics, Volume 274
Volume 274, October 2014
- Matthew R. Norman:
A WENO-limited, ADER-DT, finite-volume scheme for efficient, robust, and communication-avoiding multi-dimensional transport. 1-18
- Aude Bernard-Champmartin, Florian De Vuyst:
A low diffusive Lagrange-remap scheme for the simulation of violent air-water free-surface flows. 19-49
- Rongzong Huang, Huiying Wu:
A modified multiple-relaxation-time lattice Boltzmann model for convection-diffusion equation. 50-63
- Jorge A. Morales, Matthieu Leroy, Wouter J. T. Bos, Kai Schneider:
Simulation of confined magnetohydrodynamic flows with Dirichlet boundary conditions using a pseudo-spectral method with volume penalization. 64-94
- Vedran Coralic, Tim Colonius:
Finite-volume WENO scheme for viscous compressible multicomponent flows. 95-121
- Giacomo Dimarco, Luc Mieussens, Vittorio Rispoli:
An asymptotic preserving automatic domain decomposition method for the Vlasov-Poisson-BGK system with applications to plasmas. 122-139
- Mark S. Rosin, Lee F. Ricketson, Andris M. Dimits, Russel E. Caflisch, Bruce I. Cohen:
Multilevel Monte Carlo simulation of Coulomb collisions. 140-157
- Kentaro Yaji, Takayuki Yamada, Masato Yoshino, Toshiro Matsumoto, Kazuhiro Izui, Shinji Nishiwaki:
Topology optimization using the lattice Boltzmann method incorporating level set boundary expressions. 158-181
- Kuo-Ming Lee:
Inverse scattering problem from an impedance obstacle via two-steps method. 182-190
- Leslie Greengard, Thomas M. Hagstrom, Shidong Jiang:
The solution of the scalar wave equation in the exterior of a sphere. 191-207
- Jean-François Cossette, Piotr K. Smolarkiewicz, Paul Charbonneau:
The Monge-Ampère trajectory correction for semi-Lagrangian schemes. 208-229
- Weizhang Huang:
Sign-preserving of principal eigenfunctions in P1 finite element approximation of eigenvalue problems of second-order elliptic operators. 230-244
- Bryan D. Quaife, George Biros:
High-volume fraction simulations of two-dimensional vesicle suspensions. 245-267
- Seakweng Vong, Zhibo Wang:
A compact difference scheme for a two dimensional fractional Klein-Gordon equation with Neumann boundary conditions. 268-282
- A. Paredes, Hugo Bufferand, Guido Ciraolo, Frédéric Schwander, Eric Serre, Philippe Ghendrih, P. Tamain:
A penalization technique to model plasma facing components in a tokamak with temperature variations. 283-298
- Wei Leng, Lili Ju, Yan Xie, Tao Cui, Max D. Gunzburger:
Finite element three-dimensional Stokes ice sheet dynamics model with enhanced local mass conservation. 299-311
- Yan-Lin Shao, Odd M. Faltinsen:
A harmonic polynomial cell (HPC) method for 3D Laplace equation with application in marine hydrodynamics. 312-332
- Gaofeng Wang, Florent Duchaine, Dimitrios Papadogiannis, Ignacio Duran, Stéphane Moreau, Laurent Y. M. Gicquel:
An overset grid method for large eddy simulation of turbomachinery stages. 333-355
- Bruno Turcksin, Jean C. Ragusa:
Discontinuous diffusion synthetic acceleration for Sn transport on 2D arbitrary polygonal meshes. 356-369
- Diego A. Donzis, Aditya Konduri:
Asynchronous finite-difference schemes for partial differential equations. 370-392
- Jeremy O. McCaslin, Émilien Courtine, Olivier Desjardins:
A fast marching approach to multidimensional extrapolation. 393-412
- Randall McDermott:
A velocity divergence constraint for large-eddy simulation of low-Mach flows. 413-431
- Ken Mattsson:
Diagonal-norm summation by parts operators for finite difference approximations of third and fourth derivatives. 432-454
- Jeremy A. Roberts, Benoit Forget:
Multigroup diffusion preconditioners for multiplying fixed-source transport problems. 455-472
- Hanquan Wang:
A projection gradient method for computing ground state of spin-2 Bose-Einstein condensates. 473-488
- Maciej Balajewicz, Charbel Farhat:
Reduction of nonlinear embedded boundary models for problems with evolving interfaces. 489-504
- Yan Guo, Tao Xiong, Yufeng Shi:
A positivity-preserving high order finite volume compact-WENO scheme for compressible Euler equations. 505-523
- Jin Fu, Sheng Wu, Hong Li, Linda R. Petzold:
The time dependent propensity function for acceleration of spatial stochastic simulation of reaction-diffusion systems. 524-549
- Hehu Xie:
A multigrid method for eigenvalue problem. 550-561
- Santiago Badia, Alberto F. Martín, Ramon Planas:
Block recursive LU preconditioners for the thermally coupled incompressible inductionless MHD problem. 562-591
- Tan Ren, Jun Hu, Tao Xiong, Jing-Mei Qiu:
Runge-Kutta central discontinuous Galerkin BGK method for the Navier-Stokes equations. 592-610
- Liming Yang, Chang Shu, J. Wu:
A simple distribution function-based gas-kinetic scheme for simulation of viscous incompressible and compressible flows. 611-632
- Mohammad Mirzadeh, Frédéric Gibou:
A conservative discretization of the Poisson-Nernst-Planck equations on adaptive Cartesian grids. 633-653
- Cheng Liu, Changhong Hu:
An efficient immersed boundary treatment for complex moving object. 654-680
- Jeffrey Willert, HyeongKae Park, Dana A. Knoll:
A comparison of acceleration methods for solving the neutron transport k-eigenvalue problem. 681-694
- Xiyang I. A. Yang, Rajat Mittal:
Acceleration of the Jacobi iterative method by factors exceeding 100 using scheduled relaxation. 695-708
- Di Zhang, Chunbo Jiang, Dongfang Liang, Zhengbing Chen, Yan Yang, Ying Shi:
A refined volume-of-fluid algorithm for capturing sharp fluid interfaces on arbitrary meshes. 709-736
- Metin Muradoglu, Grétar Tryggvason:
Simulations of soluble surfactants in 3D multiphase flow. 737-757
- E. A. Koopman, C. P. Lowe:
An algorithm for detecting percolating structures in periodic systems - Application to polymer networks. 758-769
- Yunkai Zhou, James R. Chelikowsky, Yousef Saad:
Chebyshev-filtered subspace iteration method free of sparse diagonalization for solving the Kohn-Sham equation. 770-782
- Dirk M. Luchtenburg, Steven L. Brunton, Clarence W. Rowley:
Long-time uncertainty propagation using generalized polynomial chaos and flow map composition. 783-802
- Abed Zadehgol, Mahmud Ashrafizaadeh:
Introducing a new kinetic model which admits an H-theorem for simulating the nearly incompressible fluid flows. 803-825
- Ionut Danaila, Raluca Moglan, Frédéric Hecht, Stéphane Le Masson:
A Newton method with adaptive finite elements for solving phase-change problems with natural convection. 826-840
- Mathieu Karamitros, S. Luan, Mario A. Bernal, J. Allison, Gérard Baldacchino, M. Davidkova, Ziad Francis, W. Friedland, Vladimir Ivanchenko, A. Ivantchenko, Alfonso Mantero, P. Nieminem, Giovanni Santin, H. N. Tran, V. Stepan, Sébastien Incerti:
Diffusion-controlled reactions modeling in Geant4-DNA. 841-882
- Mustafa Kuzuoglu, Ozlem Ozgun:
Combining perturbation theory and transformation electromagnetics for finite element solution of Helmholtz-type scattering problems. 883-897
- Craig Michoski, D. Meyerson, Tobin Isaac, F. Waelbroeck:
Discontinuous Galerkin methods for plasma physics in the scrape-off layer of tokamaks. 898-919
- Ming-Feng Xue, Jian-Ming Jin:
A preconditioned dual-primal finite element tearing and interconnecting method for solving three-dimensional time-harmonic Maxwell's equations. 920-935
- James E. Sprittles, Y. D. Shikhmurzaev:
Corrigendum to "Finite element simulation of dynamic wetting flows as an interface formation process" [J. Comput. Phys. 233(2013) 34-65]..A judge has ordered a state mental health evaluation for Alissa to determine if he is competent to face trial. His performances in friendlies against Everton and Blackburn earned him a contract and 12 months later, he was walking out at Wembley and serving to his new crew to a 2-1 win over Lincoln Metropolis within the playoff last to earn a shot at the Championship this season. Sinovac’s CoronaVac has formed the spine, nonetheless, of Chile’s vaccination marketing campaign, which has seen more than thirteen million of the country’s 19 million inhabitants totally inoculated to this point and 19.49 million CoronaVac doses issued in total. Chile has seen in current weeks a noticeable drop in infections, recording simply 435 new instances on Monday. At 34 weeks into her in any other case healthy pregnancy, docs informed Carly Hodgson that her unborn child Poppy had died. He was nonetheless working up till two weeks earlier than his demise. “We know that social distancing helps forestall the unfold of COVID, however we know that there are other life or loss of life matters to attend to simultaneously,” says Nichols. She stated: “I help families after they have had pregnancy loss or the dying of a baby.
Here. we talk to three of our finalists, while Ellie Orton, the CEO of our charity associate NHS Charities Together, reveals why medics want our support. City, like quite a lot of Premier League clubs, have processes in place to assist youngsters once they go away the club. We help them discover one other club, but as they get older, finding one other membership will get harder, so we’re helping them into employment or helping them into schooling. Mr Ong detailed Singapore’s vaccination take-up rates, noting that the nation’s essential challenge was “persuading the individuals who wanted vaccines the most to get vaccinated”, specifically the seniors. So I decided to get to the bottom of things, making an attempt to live my own life by the numbers (see “Living the dream”, web page 41) while additionally digging into some crucial questions about them: who got here up with these figures in the first place? How strong is the scientific foundation for these magic numbers? More to the purpose, is sticking to them actually worth the effort? Keeping your teeth clear isn’t only a solution to keep away from the dentist’s drill. Men who take multivitamins might be at a lower threat for Alzheimer’s disease, but not all analysis agrees.
With that in mind, these are the recommendations we might make to our household and associates, based mostly on our research. This Greater Good part, Research Digests, provides quick summaries of recent research on happiness, empathy, compassion, and extra. Public health work is, in keeping with our current conception of it, a improvement of latest instances-largely of the last twenty-5 years. Within the last two months, the brand new Orleans health care system has been grappling with a surge of COVID-19 cases driven by the Delta variant, which, for EMS employees, has meant an countless stream of requires help, hospitals inundated with patients and a heightened threat of contracting the virus themselves. BD has promised to ship 9 million imported blood tubes to the NHS this week for rapid distribution. The WHO known as final month for a moratorium on Covid-19 vaccine booster photographs until the top of September to handle the drastic inequity in dose distribution between rich and poor nations. In the course of the last yr at Manchester City, he was injured and spent a long time with out taking part in. Conversely, she says in the event you get up with out an alarm clock at the same time everyday – whether or not it’s for work, on the weekend or on holiday – with only 4-5 hours sleep you could be among the many lucky few real ‘brief-sleepers’.
Whether or not something happened, it was not the time to make that intervention. He is just not expected to make himself available for the World Cup. Of those who be part of academies at the earliest attainable alternative aged 9, less than 1% go on to make a residing out of the sport. It isn’t just blood check tubes that the UK lacks but flu jabs, too, in line with the British Medical Association vice-chairman David Wrigley, who spoke to the BBC on the issue. At Manchester United, these involve using player-care teams as well as clinical psychologists accessible throughout their keep at Previous Trafford and beyond. The South American country has already authorised the use of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine for children over 12, with 654,053 receiving at the least one dose since May. Although the physicians, by group and adroit maneuvering, would possibly receive temporary development of their pursuits over those of the unorganized majority of citizens, whom they’re supposed to serve, it could be hardly intelligently egocentric for them to take action, even when their code of ethics permitted.Anti Bedsore Medical Air Mattress |
Medical Air Mattresses can be used for both hospital and home care. These mattresses are more comfortable and easier to use in comparison to other heavy mattresses.
For Details of Medical Air Mattress, Please Click this Link:
Thanking You
Rezaul Alam
Cell: 01819408980
Ethan Medical Ins.
144-144/1 Green Road, 2nd Floor, Farmgate,
Dhaka, Bangladesh.
Get items delivered to you safely and securely withJavascript is currently not supported, or is disabled by this browser. Please enable Javascript for full functionality.
Thousands of RVCC students have transferred their credits to colleges and universities in New Jersey, as well as many out-of-state institutions. During the summer, many students from other schools take advantage of RVCC’s quality, value and accessibility to earn credits toward degree requirements at their home schools.
Transfer is available to RVCC students through a variety of means: articulation agreements, dual admission and degree completion programs with a number of institutions, and the University Center where partnering four-year colleges offer degree programs at the RVCC campus.
For the most up-to-date listing of transfer agreements, please visit the College’s website. For more information about transfer services available at the College, please refer to the Advising and Counseling Services section of this catalog or view the transfer website.
RVCC students have transferred to hundreds of colleges and universities nationwide and even abroad. Credits from transfer-designed A.A. and A.S. programs generally transfer well to colleges across the country. Although transfer opportunities are definitely not limited to institutions with which the College has formal agreements, these agreements with other institutions further ensure the portability of credits and enhance the transfer prospects of students. Articulation agreements are special arrangements between two colleges to facilitate seamless transfer of students. Some articulation agreements are focused on specialized majors, while others are general agreements involving any major available at a college. For details regarding RVCC arrangements with the following institutions, please contact a transfer counselor.
Albright College (PA)
American Public University System (WV)
American University (DC)
The Art Institute of Philadelphia (PA)
The American University of Paris (France)
Argosy University (CA)
Benedict College (SC)
Berkeley College (NJ)
Bloomfield College (NJ)
Burlington College (VT)
Caldwell University (NJ)
Capella University (online)
Cedar Crest College (PA)
Centenary College (NJ)
College of New Rochelle (NY)
College of St. Elizabeth (NJ)
Colorado State University (CO)
Cornell University (NY)
Davenport University (MI)
Delaware Valley College (PA)
DeSales University (PA)
DeVry University (NJ)
Drew University (NJ)
Drexel University (PA)
East Stroudsburg University (PA)
Excelsior College (NY)
Fairleigh Dickinson University (NJ)
Felician University (NJ)
Georgian Court University (NJ)
Grand Canyon University (AZ)
Howard University (DC)
John Jay College of Criminal Justice (NY)
Johnson and Wales University (RI)
Jones International University (CO)
Kean University (NJ)
Kings College (PA)
Kutztown University (PA)
Lincoln University (PA)
LIM (NY)
Long Island University/Brooklyn (NY)
Lynn University (FL)
Montclair State University (NJ)
Monmouth University (NJ)
Moravian College (PA)
Muhlenberg College (PA)
New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJ)
New York Institute of Technology/Ellis College (NY)
Northwood University (FL)
Norwich University (VT)
Palmer College of Chiropractic (IA)
Peirce College (PA)
Pennsylvania College of Technology (PA)
Penn State University/Harrisburg (PA)
Pillar College (NJ)
Rider University (NJ)
Rochester Institute of Technology (NY)
Rutgers University (NJ)
Schiller International University (FL)
School of Visual Arts (NY)
School of the Art Institute of Chicago (IL)
Seton Hall University (NJ)
Shippensburg University (PA)
Southern New Hampshire University (NH)
Strayer University (PA)
St. Joseph’s University (PA)
St. Peter’s University (NJ)
St. Petersburg College (FL)
The City University of New York (NY)
The College of New Jersey (NJ)
Thomas A. Edison State University (NJ)
Trident University International (CA)
Unity College (ME)
University of Greenwich (England)
University of Phoenix (AZ)
Upper Iowa University (IA)
Wesley College (DE)
Widener University (PA)
Wilkes University (PA)
William Paterson University (NJ)
Wilmington University (DE)
RVCC has dual admission agreements with several colleges and universities. The essence of dual admission is that graduates of Raritan Valley Community College are guaranteed admission to the other college or university with junior standing if they have completed the RVCC program appropriate for the major at the four-year school and have achieved the required grade point average. RVCC currently has dual admission agreements with:
Caldwell University
Cedar Crest College
Centenary College
The College of Saint Elizabeth
Drew University
Fairleigh Dickinson University
Kean University
Montclair State University
New Jersey Institute of Technology
Rider University
Seton Hall University
Thomas A. Edison State University
To ensure a smooth transfer and to maximize transfer credits, students must work closely with their academic advisor.
For additional information concerning transfer or dual admission, contact the Transfer Services office, (908) 526-1200, extension 8333 or refer to the website.
Degree Pathways is a partnership between specific community colleges and Thomas A. Edison State College that builds on the associate degree and allows students to complete up to 80 semester hours of relevant coursework at the community college level on their community college campus. Under this program, students from a wide variety of RVCC majors and programs can continue their education toward a Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Bachelor of Science in Human Services, or a Bachelor of Science in Applied Science and Technology.
NJTransfer is a computerized data information system created to facilitate the transfer of students from community colleges to the four-year colleges and universities of New Jersey.
NJTransfer allows students and advisors at the institutions to ascertain the transferability status of any community college course. It indicates whether the course is transferable and, if so, indicates the receiving institution’s equivalent course number. Recommended course selections for each major are also available. For further information, visit.
Although most career programs leading to the A.A.S. degree at RVCC are primarily designed to prepare graduates for entry-level positions in business, technology and various professions, a significant number of credits in most career programs are also transferable. It is important to check with a transfer advisor and counselor for further information on the career programs.
NJ Chapter 175 establishes a statewide transfer agreement that provides for the seamless transfer of academic credits from a completed associate of arts or associate of science degree program to a baccalaureate degree program. The law guarantees that the transfer-designed associate degrees (A.A. and A.S.) earned at any of the state’s 19 community colleges “shall be fully transferable and credited as the first two years of a baccalaureate degree program at the four-year public institution of higher education in the State to which a student is admitted.”
The full text of the statewide transfer agreement approved by the transfer legislation can be found on the NJTransfer website.
While the law does not cover the private colleges and universities in New Jersey, many of those institutions have established transfer policies that provide for the transfer with full junior standing for A.A. and A.S. degree holders from NJ community colleges. The law does not provide any guarantees of admission and students must select an appropriate associate degree for their particular major. Students must also fulfill any prerequisite courses required for admission.
Transfer information and counseling are available for students planning to continue their education at another college. Students should use the transfer website,, to determine the transfer equivalence of each course, as well as view a listing of recommended transfer courses for each major available at the 34 participating colleges and universities. Many out-of-state colleges maintain transfer equivalency databases for RVCC courses.
Information about transfer workshops, college transfer fairs, transfer articulation agreements, dual admission programs, and other transfer-related events are posted on the Transfer Services and Advising and Counseling websites, accessible from the RVCC home page.Epigen.
The analysis of 5hmC using the same approach appears to be an expensive habit to pick up. There are two methods to analyse 5hmC, OxBS and TAB-seq, both require seqencing of at least two Human genome-equivalents to allow subtraction of one from the other revealing the 5hmC signature. As it currently takes about 4 HiSeq lanes to do 1 Bis-seq run then a 5hmC experiment is likely to be at least 1 flowcell per sample. And at $10,000 or more that’s an expensive habit to feed!
5hmC done cheap: It should be possible to make use of methylation microarrays to reduce the costs of analysis. Illumina’s 450K methylation array allows researchers to process 12 samples at a time generating quantitative methylation measurement of individual CpG’s robustly and at reasonable cost. The array was developed as a collaboration by methylation experts and can be used for EWAS studies as well as individual research projects.
By using the OxBS or TAB-seq methods to generate inputs for the 450k arrays it should be possible to get robust 5hmC signatures for a reasonable portion of the genome. And we should be able to do this at a cost that allows 1000’s of samples to be run. Does 5hmC regulate gene expression itself or do more than act as an intermediary between methylated or not? Large-scale 5hmC projects are going to highlight where and how 5hmC acts in a biological context.
The 450k arrays also support analysis of FFPE-samples so it may be possible to extend the analysis to huge-cohorts of patient samples with clinical follow-up. By using the Infinium FFPE DNA Restoration Solution users can QC and “rescue” samples prior to analysis.
Making the methods work is an ongoing challenge and much of that requires improvements of the underlying chemistry used in the bisulfite conversion most of us have used at some point.
However Shankar Balasubramanian’s latest company is Cambridge Epigenetix and aims to commercialise the OxBS technology. If anyone can make the chemistry work better I’m sure Shankar stands a chance. I wouldn’t be writing this blog and you wouldn’t be reading it without his earlier work!World Business Culture is designed to offer a unique window into key global business issues with up-to-the-minute information on such diverse commercial issues as business culture, accountancy and tax, . 1. 10X Quote Wallpapers - Use the 10x quote wallpaper on your computers, phones, and other digital devices to help you stay in the 10x frame of mind (FREE) 2. Tired Of Missing Sales eBook - . Please book an appointment and prior consultation through email: @ Please note that we do only accept credit or debit card for the payment of consular fees. For further information, . Russia is the world’s largest country in terms of land and has an emerging market to match, although it doesn’t have as much foreign investment as many other emerging markets. After the dissolution of the .
I'm mailing you a page book, "Property Hackers - Your Guide To Becoming A Successful Real Estate Investor" (that retails at $) for FREE. Yes, this book is free, and all you pay is shipping ($ US . Exploring The Rejuvenating City Of Budapest, Hungary A Euro-City Of Reinvention That Never Says Die The flag of Hungary has gone through 12 iterations since the original flag of the Principality of Hungary in and speaks regularly on topics to do with living, retiring, investing. Dateline: Budapest, Hungary. I fall in love every time I come to Budapest. The city has some of the most gorgeous architecture in Europe, even if its awe-striking landmark building (pictured . Doing Business and Investing in Saudi Arabia Guide: Strategic, Practical Information, Selected Opportunities USA International Business Publications (Corporate Author) Published by Intl Business .
How to Practice Business Etiquette in Italy. Author Info. Updated: J X. wikiHow is a “wiki,” similar to Wikipedia, which means that many of our articles are co-written by 77%(18). The requirements for starting a business in Dubai are the same as in any other country. The first thing to consider when registering a company here is the shareholding structure of the business. This is . Doing business in Poland | 47 Corporate Income Tax (CIT) The Personal Income Tax, Corporate Income Tax and Value Added Tax Acts were all introduced in the early s. Since then the Polish File Size: KB.Press Releases
SAN DIEGO, Oct. 12, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- Evofem Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: EVFM) today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement with Keystone Capital Partners ("Keystone Capital") providing for the issuance and sale of an aggregate of 10,000 shares of Series B Convertible Stock in a registered direct offering for a purchase price of $1,000.00 per share. The aggregate gross proceeds from this offering are expected to be an aggregate of approximately $10.0 million, before deducting estimated offering expenses payable by Evofem, and will close in two equal tranches with the second closing to occur on or about the 10th trading day following the initial closing.
"This financing provides us with a runway into the first quarter of 2022 as we accelerate Phexxi's growth trajectory and work to deliver long-term value for shareholders and women," said Saundra Pelletier, Evofem's Chief Executive Officer.
Evofem intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for the continuation of commercialization activities related to Phexxi® (lactic acid, citric acid and potassium bitartrate), the continuation of its pivotal Phase 3 clinical trial 'EVOGUARD' evaluating EVO100 for the prevention of chlamydia and gonorrhea in women and related development activities, and general corporate purposes and other capital expenditures.
The securities described above are being offered and sold only by means of a written prospectus and related prospectus supplement forming part of Evofem's shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-258321) that was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on July 30, 2021, and subsequently declared effective by the SEC on August 5, 2021. The final prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC. A more complete description of the rights of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock will also be contained in a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed in connection with the offering. The final prospectus supplement, accompanying prospectus and Current Report on Form 8-K and will be available on the SEC's website at.
This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of anticipated use of proceeds from the offering, estimates regarding cash runway, and all statements related to the completion of the registered direct offering and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the registered direct offering. Various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed or implied in the forward-looking statements, including market and other conditions,<<N3GPU wrote:
>
> Sizeable towers with no concrete base must be a lot more common than I
> thought. I've gotten several direct responses on this. Since they didn't
> go to the reflector I'll only quote anonymous snippets...
>
> **********
> Mine has been standing for 20 years and suffered ZERO tower damage when a
> small tornado knocked over 30-some trees in my woods...
> **********
> Guilty...7 towers ranging from 40 to 140 ft with no concrete...
> **********
> ....one here is sitting on a roof mount plate on top of the ground...guyed
> with 3 screw anchors...5 element tribander on it...
> **********
> Seems like a pretty "normal" tower installation around ______ County...have
> been involved in dismantling two such setups here!
> **********
> A supposedly "professional" tower/antenna installer recently took down a
> friend's tower and re-installed it at a new QTH. 40'
> house-bracketed...re-installed, no cement...now has a 2M vertical,
> tri-bander, 440 beam and inverted V on it...pro and his helper put that
> mass of antennas on it. Bracket at about 17' with about 21-23' still in the
> air...Scary isn't it?
>
> It sure is! 73 - Paul N3GPU
>
> --
> FAQ on WWW:
> Submissions: towertalk@contesting.com
> Administrative requests: towertalk-REQUEST@contesting.com
> Problems: owner-towertalk@contesting.com
> Search:
Well this is just great! I just had 4 yards of concrete dumped in a
grave size hole that took me 8 hours to hand dig. Now you guys come
along and tell me people have been doing without all this work for
years! This is the second time I have done this in twenty years and
it don't seem to be getting any easier. Now I'll have to hope for
high winds just to 'test' the thing. HI HI...
73, lon W9XU
--
FAQ on WWW:
Submissions: towertalk@contesting.com
Administrative requests: towertalk-REQUEST@contesting.com
Problems: owner-towertalk@contesting.com
Search:Emma was born in West Yorkshire, growing up on a plant nursery and spending countless weekends and holidays in Whitby. She was surrounded by rolling hills and the sea, spending much of her time outdoors. Landscapes and animals have always been a huge part of her life.
Always creative, even as a young girl, she loved painting. Focusing on art all through her education she went on to study for a multimedia art degree at Loughborough School of Art.
She has sold work all over the world and held various exhibitions. After university she worked for 10 years as an illustrator and graphic designer, including branding work for formula 1 cars for Castrol.
Since 2010 Emma has been teaching art in secondary education in West Yorkshire.
She and her cousin set up the Yorkshire Craft Club in 2017. The focus of the club is to offer experiences to all adults and help them try new crafts and meet new people with similar interests.
Her current work is heavily influence by the sea and Whitby itself, in particular the waves and the movement of the sea. She works mainly in watercolour and likes to work on small pieces.On October 30 a group of library advocates carried posters and bankers’ boxes full of petitions through the crowded streets of Lower Manhattan to the Equitable Building at 120 Broadway, the home of Macmillan Publishers. Their goal: deliver the signatures of the nearly 160,000 people who have visited ebooksforall.org over the past seven weeks to demand that the publisher reverse its intended ebooks embargo, scheduled to take effect November 1.
“I traveled from the nation’s capital to New York City, the publishing capital, to stand for the vast number of readers who will be impacted by this discriminatory embargo,” said Alan S. Inouye, the American Library Association’s (ALA) senior director of public policy and government relations.
He was joined by past ALA Presidents Loida Garcia-Febo and Sari Feldman; Tim Cherubini, executive director of the Chief Officers of State Library Agencies; Angie Miraflor, director of customer experience at Brooklyn (N.Y.) Public Library; and Caroline Ashby, director of Nassau (N.Y.) Library System.
Launched on September 11, the #eBooksForAll petition has attracted signatories from across the US and Canada, with the most signatures coming from Ohio, Oregon, Texas, New York, and California.
The petition delivery took place less than 24 hours after Macmillan CEO John Sargent issued a letter to the library community in response to the groundswell of “frank (and occasionally brutal) feedback.” In the letter, he stated, “We are trying to balance the needs of the system in a new and complex world. We believe windowing for eight weeks is the best way to do that. I am the first to admit we may be wrong. But we need to try to address this issue.”
ALA President Wanda Brown responded in an October 30 statement, “Libraries, publishers, and authors should be allies—not adversaries—in expanding the number of readers and encouraging the exploration of new titles and subjects.”
A smaller group of ALA representatives, including Inouye, Feldman, and Barb Macikas, executive director of the Public Library Association (PLA), personally delivered the petitions to Sargent and Macmillan Executive Vice President Jennifer Gonzalez and President Don Weisberg. Inouye reported they engaged in an extended, substantive discussion about the threat the embargo poses to libraries.
“In our meeting with Sargent this morning,” Inouye said, “ALA and PLA reiterated what our member libraries have said all along: We oppose any effort to delay or deny library access to digital content. Macmillan remains the sole Big Five publisher that perceives a business need to limit libraries’ ability to purchase and lend ebooks. As for next steps, we will continue this fight in Congress.”
For more on the issue, visit ebooksforall.org and follow #eBooksForAll on social media.Cameron Esposito promises 'no lesbians die' in new show Take My Wife
Take My Wife
- TV Show
Television shows frequently kill off lesbian characters — but not Take My Wife, a new Seeso comedy from comics (and wives) Cameron Esposito and Rhea Butcher. “If you watch a lot of television and you don’t know what could happen to lesbians if they don’t die, this is a show about that,” Esposito tells EW. “I promise you, no lesbians die in this show.”
The single-camera series follows stars Esposito and Butcher, who wed in December 2015, as a married couple co-hosting a stand-up showcase. “What Rhea and I love about the show is that it’s about a couple that works together, first and foremost,” Esposito says. “We’re both comics, and that is where we wanted to approach the show form, as like a family business.”
Although Esposito says most of Take My Wife‘s characters and scenarios aren’t lifted directly from her and Butcher’s lives, she does say, “Thematically, everything in this show has happened.” For example: In the show, Esposito’s character is spending her days prepping for stand-up shows and podcast appearances while Butcher’s has to tend to her day-job duties designing logos before working on her comedy. In real life, Butcher was a graphic designer before pursuing comedy, while Esposito started doing stand-up in college.
“The first time she ever did stand-up, I actually introduced her,” Esposito says. “She is somebody that I knew I wanted to work with right away.”
And luckily, the feeling was mutual. Esposito and Butcher toured for over two years together before getting married, and started working on Take My Wife a month after the wedding.
“We’ve done a lot of stuff together. All of that said, making a TV show with your partner is an utter nightmare, and I would not recommend it,” Esposito says. Then in the same breath: “Also, it’s the best.”
Watch the trailer, premiering exclusively here, above, and see Take My Wife when it debuts on Seeso Aug. 11.In 2011 we installed the Estate’s first biomass boiler in the woodyard here at Halecat. Our aim was to sustainably heat Halecat’s homes, office units and our woodland operations. The 200kW boiler uses around 200 tonnes of wood per year and is fuelled by faggots (bundles of branches and twigs that are a by-product of our forestry operations.) Since it’s installation we have championed biomass as a sustainable and carbon neutral way of heating.
Sustainable…..
The trees we harvest to fuel our boiler are regenerated by coppicing or replanted. This is great for wildlife and makes our fuel source constantly renewable in a way that gas, coal and oil are not.
Almost Carbon Neutral….
The re growing trees take up almost as much carbon dioxide from the atmosphere as is released when the wood is burnt, contributing very little to global warming.
We welcome visitors to our yard and are always happy to show people around and answer all questions biomass. Witherslack Woodlands are also approved and registered on the Biomass Suppliers List (BSL) for Virgin naturally seasoned firewood (BSL0010929-0001) click here for a list of Biomass Suppliers.Snapchat Post: A Guide for Business
Snapchat
Snapchat is a social media platform where users can share pictures and videos. It was launched in 2011, since then it has grown to become one of the top social media platforms in the world. As of July 2021, the platform has 293 million daily active users growth of 23% year on year.
Snapchat is the first social media that released the Stories function in 2013. Nowadays, Snapchat also gives you the power to record and share live videos, locate friends on an engaging map, experience augmented reality (AR), and much more. cool, right?
These new features are at the forefront of what makes Snapchat a unique tool for business owners and regular users alike.
Source: Statista – Distribution of Snapchat users worldwide as of July 2021, by age and gender
As per the survey of Snapchat users worldwide as of July 2021 by age and gender, we can observe that the demographic skews more toward the Millennial and Gen-Z cohorts.
Therefore, if your target audience is under 34, Snapchat might be the perfect platform for your business especially if you operate in the direct-to-consumer market.
Also, it is seen that a huge 60% of Snapchat users are more likely to make impulse purchases, which signals that the platform can increase your sales, drive more revenue, and translate to a positive return on investment (ROI).
Snapchat Post features and terminology
Snapchat is overflowing with features that will help you drive audience engagement and build brand awareness. But first, let’s take a look at some key Snapchat terminology.
Snap
Snap is a picture or video that you send through the app to one or more of your friends. It is available to all users since its launch.
A video snap can be a maximum of one minute long (known as a Long Snap).
Keeping in line with the app’s original feature, Snapchat doesn’t hold onto any photo or video content; the platform deletes content after the recipient has viewed the Snap.
Stories
Stories are Snaps that you’d like to share with all your Snapchat friends.
Unlike Snap, Stories stay on the app for 24 hours before being deleted.
If you want to save your Story, You can download them to your device’s camera roll or save them to Memories.
Custom Stories
Custom Stories allows you to create Stories together with other people from your friends’ list.
Snapstreak
A Snapstreak (or Streak) tracks how many consecutive days you and a friend share Snaps.
You will see a flame emoji (🔥) next to your friend’s name, with a number indicating how many days you’ve kept the streak going.
Filter
Snapchat filters can change based on special events or holidays, location, or time of day.
It is a fun way to jazz up your regular Snaps by adding an overlay or other special effects.
Lenses
Lenses are where AR comes into play. Snapchat Lenses allow you to add 3D special effects, objects, and characters to your photos or videos. Unlike filters, you use lenses while you are taking a Snap.
To bring the experience alive outside the walls of the festival, Snap developed an AR Try-On Lens that allows Snapchatters from anywhere in the world to browse, try-on & purchase items from the ComplexCon Gift Shop during designated times of the day.
Geofilter
Similar to Filters, Geofilters are unique to your current location.
To enable Geofilters, you have to turn on your location in Snapchat.
You can also create a custom Geofilter for as cheap as $5, which is great for building brand awareness or showcasing an event.
Snapcode
Snapcodes are unique QR-style codes that you can scan to add friends or access features and content on Snapchat.
Each user is automatically assigned a Snapcode, and you can create additional Snapcodes that link to any website.
For example as a business, instead of entering a link, to be more creative you can create a QR code for the discounted product/ your website which will redirect the user to a certain page of the offerings.
Chat
Chat is Snapchat’s version of instant messenger for individual and group chats. The dun part here is that the messages disappear after they’re viewed.
Memories
Snapchat Memories is your personal photo album that you can view anytime.
Memories are Snaps and Stories that you can save for viewing later, rather than saving them in your phone or allowing them to disappear.
Friends
Friends are people who you’ve added on Snapchat (or they’ve added you!). You can share Snaps, Stories, and other content with your friends’ list.
Discover
Discover is a Snapchat screen where brands share Stories with the app’s large audience. Perfect for businesses, publishers, and content creators looking to increase engagement and build brand awareness.
Snap Map
Snap Map shows your location and the locations of all of your friends. You can view Snaps submitted to the Snap Map from across the world. Of course, if you don’t want to share your location, you can always put yourself in Ghost Mode.
Context Cards
Context Cards use information from Snapchat’s partners to provide additional information about a place mentioned in a Snap or allow you to take actions like visiting the website or shopping the products online. You can access Context Cards by swiping up on a Snap or Story.
Bitmoji
A Bitmoji is a cartoon avatar that represents you. It is fully customizable in the Snapchat app, Bitmoji allows you to add personality to your profile and account.
Cameo
Not to be confused with the celebrity messaging app called Cameo of the same name, Snapchat Cameos are animated gifs that you can customize with your face and send to friends.
Snapcash
Powered by Square, Snapcash is a fast, free, and easy way to send money via the Snapchat app. It is an amazing feature for the business and its audience on Snapchat.
Spotlight
Snapchat’s Spotlight feature is the place to share video content with a public audience. Like TikTok and Instagram Reels, Spotlight allows users to post 60-second videos to the app’s Spotlight section. Think of Spotlight as a place to share your best content in the hope that it goes viral. Influencer Marketing Tactics to Consider
Influencer marketing on Snapchat is an organized form of word-of-mouth marketing where brands encourage influencers to promote their products to their audience who trust them.
Here are some tactics that you and your influencers can consider for your Snapchat influencer campaigns:
1. Pay an Influencer to do a Social Takeover
Nowadays, brands hand over their social media account for a limited duration to a well-known influencer to help them increase brand awareness and attract more audience by creating and sharing engaging content.
For example, MumsInTech Snapchat Takeover for Makers Academy’s campaign called #DiversityInTech. We mentioned this takeover since it’s great for several reasons, it featured a day of Mums in Technology. The story itself is warm and relatable, and seeing real moms at work is inspiring.
2. Use a Vanity URL for Snapchat Campaigns
Unlike Instagram, Snapchat doesn’t have an option to include a clickable link in the posts. But one way to trick this out is using vanity URLs.
Vanity URLs are easy to remember and can be used when the users can’t just click on a link.
By entering this type of link in your social media posts, you and your influencers can create snaps by promoting the products, and users just need to remember the link to go and type into their browser.
For example, beauty subscription box brand Birchbox created a vanity URL “birch.ly/steals” for a Black Friday and Cyber Monday Snapchat marketing campaign.
3. Use Memories for Content You Want to Stick Around
Snapchat Memories is like a photo album that you can view anytime, as the snaps and stories disappear after a certain duration rather than saving them in your phone.
Users can save photos and videos in Memories for viewing later and/or to reuse on the brand’s account or those of your influencers.
4. Create and Share Custom Filters
As we discussed earlier, Snapchat lets you create “On-Demand Geofilters.”
Businesses can use this feature to develop an On-Demand Geofilter to incorporate into their campaigns, which can be later used for influencer marketing campaigns.
More recently, Snapchat introduced its augmented reality (AR) filters. Brands can work with AR Snapchat influencers to create branded campaigns.
For example, Mobile gaming company Plato collaborated with Snapchat influencers to promote their new game called “Werewolf”. Plato created a custom Snapchat lens, where a lifelike 3D werewolf attacked you as you got closer to a creaky, haunted cabin. They made a series of Snapchat countdowns with the mysterious wolf growling. On the game’s launch day, the company launched their lenses (the werewolf and the haunted cabin) and distributed them to sections of the audience, encouraging people to create their own Stories.
5. Take Your Fans Behind the Scenes
Several larger firms have encouraged influencers to create and post BTS videos (behind-the-scenes videos) about what they see and experience.
For example, Irene Kim’s Seoul Fashion Week Snapchat Takeover for Vogue. In this takeover, fashion model Irene Kim takes fans behind the scenes at Seoul Fashion week. The takeover was so great because Vogue let her tell the story in her own way and Irene’s lovely personality; plus the cute filters and emojis she used added an awesome personal touch.
Influence Marketing on Snapchat
As we observed in the statistics above, millennials and GenZ are important to marketers. There are many young influencers, particularly in niches such as food, fashion, gaming, music, culture, and tech. And while these influencers don’t usually exclusively spend their social time on Snapchat, they still have a large impact on their followers on the social media platform.
Snapchatters are also highly engaged. According to Gary Vaynerchuk, “If you have 1,000 followers on Snapchat, 900 of them will watch your story.” Therefore, If you sell a product that is of interest to Millennials and Generation Z, you should definitely consider advertising on Snapchat.
Hence, Snapchat is essential for the brands targeting the youth market.
As with most types of marketing, the key is knowing your target audience on Snapchat. You have to be able to attract and engage with your potential customers. If you feel difficulty in doing this yourself, you may prefer to collaborate with a Snapchat influencer who is best in creating_4<<
When doing an influencer campaign you must also keep a track of the engagement rate the influencer generates like the number of views, likes, comments, and shares. But this becomes easy by using an influencer marketing platform.
Since the beginning, Snapchat has been the most favorite social media for the youth. Hence it can help businesses to grow online and reach a larger set of audience. Snapchat lets you upload photos, videos, and other types of engaging content of your product and services to promote your business as we discussed earlier. It is a powerful way to communicate with a new audience and potential customers, by allowing them to see your product or service without having to visit your physical store.
And for a high jump in your traffic and sales, you can always collaborate with the influencers to effectively increase brand awareness and engagement for your brand.
If you have any questions about influence marketing on Snapchat or questions about collaborating with an influencer who can help you grow on Snapchat, don’t hesitate to contact us.Indie game developer and publisher Petroglyph is proud to announce Friday, December 16th as the official worldwide release date of 8-Bit Invaders, their fast-paced, friendly and accessible Real-Time Strategy game launching on PC via STEAM™, GOG and the Humble Store. Produced by the same veteran team whose previous credentials include Star Wars: Empire At War, Universe At War: Earth Assault and more recently Grey Goo, 8-Bit Invaders offers a feature-rich gameplay experience loaded with content and is a follow-up to the and highly player-rated 8-Bit Armies and 8-Bit Hordes games.
8-Bit Invaders is a tribute to classic RTS games and is suitable for existing fans and new players of the genre seeking a friendly approach to strategy gaming. With a colorful, blocky voxel art style, the game is accessible to anyone regardless of experience. Players will collect resources, build up and defend their bases, amass armies of Alien or Galactic Marine units, and ultimately crush their opponents! Packed full of features, the game at launch includes 2 factions, 24 single-player missions, 10 two-player cooperative missions, 10 AI skirmish maps, and up to 8-Player battles online.
A new, strategic Multiverse Mode lets players compete against AI on a larger scale across multiple locales while managing tech, economy, and their grouped armies. The game is also cross-compatible with its two predecessors allowing players from all three 8-Bit titles to play cooperatively or competitively, using any of the 6 factions on dozens of official maps or player-made maps created with the supplied map editor.
With multiple difficulty levels, inspiring gameplay and beautifully-rendered voxel-themed visuals, 8-Bit Invaders excels at bringing a complex game genre to the masses with its casual approach to the compelling world of RTS.
8-Bit Invaders will be released on Friday, December 16th, for $19.95 USD (or equivalent in other territories) on Steam, GOG, and Humble Store! A 25% launch discount will be available for a limited time.It is always a challenge to learn something new, and so is it also with learning how to play Ukulele.
Here you have some tips and advices, and not only for beginners!
The most important thing is to try to learn, and not put the instrument out of sight.
You know, the Ukulele is a fantastic instrument, and fun to play. It is not so hard to learn. Above all, you must start learning or improving.
When you first have started you will find out that this small instrument will be your friend for the rest of your life. Therefor it is important that if you, for some reason, find some of the techniques a bit difficult, do not give up. You just must practice and practice or get some help.
And so, comes the question – how shall I learn to play?
The same question arises for those who can play a bit but wants to improve their skills. Everybody wants to be a virtuoso. Don’t we all?
You have actually several options.
Learn to play by joining a course
If you are lucky there is an ukulele teacher, or a friend, that can learn you the secret, or help you to improve your playing nearby. This is maybe the best option, but unfortunately not always possible. Then you have to choose another option.
Learn to play by Internet and YouTube
First of all, our site, Basic Ukulele, gives you a lot of information about the instrument, and all around it. If you read our posts you will be well informed, and you will have links to videos that learn you to play. This videos are on YouTube. For example, or posts about Easy Ukulele Songs, Good Ukulele Songs, or Popular Ukulele Songs. In addition to this, we tell you about the instruments and techniques.
If you also do your own searches on the web, you can get a lot of tips for how to play Ukulele.,
In our Facebook page we also have provided you with instructions for some melodies from top performers/teachers. Just scroll the page.
Buy a book
Yes, this can also be an option, and many of us have started here. There is a lot of books out there for learning you the skill. But there is a problem.
To learn playing an instrument, without guidance, is not the easiest way. It is possible, of course it is, but to listen to the melodies as well, is an advantage. Maybe a combination with learning by book and YouTube is a better solution.
Anyway, if you buy the book locally you also support the local bookstore or music store. That is good! To have a book about the instrument with teaching is never never a waste of money.
Here is a link to other books!
Taking an internet course
There are several persons, companies, schools out there that can help you with becoming an expert. It is courses for beginners and for those that have hade the instrument for a while and need some input for improvement.
Learning by internet courses is the modern, maybe the best, and the most practical way to learn if you don’t have a local option. Today you can be what you want by internet, so why not a fabulous ukulele player?
We present to you here some options that you can check out.
Rocket Ukulele will learn you to play in 30 Days. A complete step-by-step guide to learning the Ukulele. A learning program. This is a membership-based site that guides you with a lot of lessons.
Watch the videos and read more on the link. Maybe this is what you are looking for?
Ukulele Buddy. Lessons 4 beginners. Ukulele lessons with good conversion.
Discover how Jp Allen & Mitch Chang have helped thousands of students fulfill their dream of playing Ukulele and learn their favorite songs
However, they will give you simple video lessons in a fun way. Here you get three seven minutes videos per week. And most importantly, focusing on the things that will help you the most. Check it out!
So, now you have no excuses for not learning to play, or not improving.
In conclusion, try out one of our suggested methods!Eth.Free consultation
Alibaba.com offers 858 silica sand making machine products. A wide variety of silica sand making machine options are available to you, such as key selling.
Eth.Silica Sand Making Plant In Ethiopia. Silica sand making plant. among our customers around the world, customers from ethiopia account for a large proportion. until now, we have exported a certain number of sand making machine to ethiopia. besides, zenith also has designed and installed a certain number of sand production lines in ethiopia. Read.
Alibaba.com offers 2,084 silica sand drying machine products. A wide variety of silica sand drying machine options are available to you, such as warranty of core components, local service location, and key selling points.
Algeria Small Biomass Pellet Machine For Sale. Small 600 Th Jaw Crusher In Kenya. Ethiopia Small Silica Sand Crusher For Sale. Cement Mill Crusher. Small Hydraulic Jaw Crusher. Small Refractory Material Briquetting Machine In Brunei. Efficient Running Of Hammer Mill Nignia. Mongolia Small Sand Dryer Manufacturer For Sale. Ethiopia Cone Crusher..Mobile Crushing System Silica Sand. Mobile silica sand crusher ellul.nl. than one.
Shale sand washing machine supplier ethiop.Ethiopia small silica sand dryer price autorey. ethiopiasmallsilica sand dryerprice usedsanddryerforsale. gencor equipment machinio. 300 ton per hour FracSandDryer.Manufacturer Vulcan Drying Systems This system is rated to dry 230 tons per hour of fracsandwith 8 moisture content down to 1 moisture.Sandwith 5 moisture can be dried down to.
Mar 15, 2021 The whole silica sand mining process generally includes the following steps crushing, grinding and separation. In the crushing process, the raw materials firstly sent into the jaw crusher for the primary crushing, if necessary, the crushed materials will.Fridgemaster MCF198 Chest Freezer - White - A+ Rated
Fridgemaster MCF198
- Send to a friend
- View full size
MODEL MCF198 With 198litre capacity and space for up to 10 bags of shopping, this model puts the deep into deep freeze. It's a great choice for medium sized households, so you can take
No further specification information availableEgypt’s pharaohs have left a formidable legacy of stone architecture, monumental inscriptions and spiritual art, permitting us to reconstruct their achievements with a good degree of certainty. But what was daily life like for the ordinary Egyptian? Imagine the inhabitants of historical Egypt arranged in a social pyramid: the pyramid base is supported by slaves, […]Enjoy the new expression of bronze and gold accessories. This loafer made of cow leather owns the hot element- the customized metal chain. The soft and breathable materials provide super comfort.
- Upper made of cow leather
- Breathable lining and insole
- Metal chain decoration
- Roud toe design
- Slip-on style
- Lightweight and non-slip outsole with tread
- Heel Height: 4.5 cm
MATERIAL
- Upper: 100% Cow Leather
- Lining: 100% Pigskin
- Insole: 100% Pigskin
- Outsole: 100% Rubber Foam
Fits true to size, take your normal size
Model Number: 27756The Hacketstown NS GAA team that won the Cumann na mBunscoil blitz in Eire Og on Wednesday June 5th 2013.
Back L to R – Conor Evans, Oisin Mulvaney, Keith Bowes, Conor Mooney, Rory Maguire, Sean Mulvaney, Jonathon Byrne, Ciaran Mooney, Barry Fox. (Barry Murphy Teacher/Coach)
Front Lto R – David Byrne, Dean Davis, Oisin Doyle, Cathal Foley, Dylan Doyle, Sean Moran, Darragh McKiernan, Bradley Walsh, Killian Walsh.triangle verticalI saw a triangle behind saddleback mountain and i filmed a triangle shaped ufo hovering over the 5 freeway within 150 ft. it had to last 45 seconds.it started out two pulsating lights on top with a light on the bottom it had to be vertical, then it would pulsate on the left then on the right then vanish then it would switch around. i dunno, it had to be a size of a commercial jet?Doobie Brothers Live In Las Vegas Package SweepstakesSarah FieldingDecember 28, 2019Mom Sweepstakes, Sweepstakes You could be enjoying 2 tickets to The Doobie Brothers first ever Las Vegas Residency along with transport and accommodation to the gig. Rock out in style. {US Only, 18+, Single Entry, Ends December 31, 2019} Enter NowTo First Dance or not to First Dance?
I love that there are so many options these days when it comes to a first dance and that people are willing to have tons of fun with it. I have seen some awesome first dance choreography this year, from a simple waltz around the room, a super strong groom performing Dirty Dancing “above the head” lifts with finesse, a steamy salsa number, and a couple of flash mob the list is endless!
It’s becoming a great way to entertain your guests in a unique way and I have definitely seen that wedding couples want to make the day their own, put their stamp on it and bring their guests into their world. We love this list of unusual first dance songs.
Having run Elegant Entertainment for the past 6 years, my experience is that music really does make the party. Someone recently said to me that life without music is like facebook without notifications, and it’s true! Music evokes emotions in every sense and LIVE music even more so, there is just something so impressive about experiencing someone’s musical gifts.
I always find that the best gift for guests at a wedding is to provide them with an experience and there are so many ways to do this. Live music during the ceremony, Entertainment during canapes, Singing Waiters during dinner, a band to party the night away with, a professional MC to keep the proceedings energized and exciting. The entertainment doesn’t have to be traditional. I was at a stunning wedding last year where the bride had a living table to serve the cocktails from, a roaming magician and a flash mob during the reception. The guests are still talking about it to this day.
– Brooke Greenhill- 1st
- 11:58 pm Same as the Old Year
- 2nd
- 11:45 pm More Winter Ahead
- 5th
- 11:46 pm Not Juiced
- 8th
- 09:50 pm Blow, No Hookers
- 12th
- 12:14 am The Best Laid Plans - 1 comment
- 11:07 pm Bed of Nails
- 13th
- 11:45 pm Before Midnight Tonight - 1 comment
- 14th
- 11:41 pm Rain Beginning
- 16th
- 11:59 pm Not Fit for Man nor Beast
- 17th
- 11:59 pm Last Minute
- 20th
- 12:00 am At Midnight - 5 comments
- 09:24 pm Moonless
- 24th
- 12:02 am Feeling Dull
- 11:56 pm Actually Before Midnight Tonight - 2 comments
- 26th
- 12:17 am An Accomplishment - 2 comments
- 27th
- 12:21 am A Good Day - 8 comments
- 11:12 pm Birds
- 28th
- 11:58 pm Now and Then
- 30th
- 03:11 am Disruption
- 11:13 pm Probably - 2 commentsdiff options
srt: add receipe
Secure Reliable Transport (SRT) Protocol. * 0001-don-t-install-srt-ffplay.patch Upstream-Status: Pending Signed-off-by: Jose Quaresma <quaresma.jose@gmail.com> Signed-off-by: Khem Raj <raj.khem@gmail.com>
2 files changed, 55 insertions, 0 deletionsMy guest stint at Times And Seasons went well enough that they decided to let me join as a permablogger, for which I am both grateful and excited. This coming Monday, I’m going to start posting weekly with the first in a series I’m planning about modern secularism and Mormonism. But I’ve got some general comments about the claims of modern secularists that I want to get to right now.
1. Atheism and Christianity: Not Apples to Apples
Any debate between a modern secularist (i.e. New Atheist or New Skeptic) and someone of religious faith starts with a tactical advantage for the atheist because atheism, as a category, has no history, no text, and no dogma. There’s virtually no content and therefore nothing to defend. The representative of religion, by contrast, is expected to answer for the history, text, and dogma not of theism (which, like atheism, is a mere category), but of Christianity (or other religions), which is a particular instance of theism.
A fair debate would either pair generic atheism with generic theism, or it would pit a specific instance of atheism against a specific instance of theism.. As a result, Mao bloodily repressed religion during the Cultural Revolution. Am I suggesting that atheism ought to be held responsible for the actions of every instantiation of atheism? Absolutely not, nor am I suggesting that Maoism is typical of atheism any more than radical Islamic terrorists are representative of religion (or even of Islam). I’m just illustrating how much of a tactical advantage it is to only have to defend a generic abstraction.
The reality is that the New Atheists actually do make specific, concrete claims that deserve scrutiny and require defense. In particular, the New Atheism entails myopicy materialism, radical reductionism, and extreme empiricism. Each of these is a contentious philosophical proposition, and none of them can be defended by pointing to scientific, quantitative experimentation. Nope, it’s experimentation itself that actually requires philosophical defense.
It’s not that modern secularists are deliberately avoiding these tough questions, of course. It’s more a matter of the fish not knowing what “wet” is. Scientism is so ascendant in particular regions of Western civilization that folks aren’t even aware that they have a specific paradigm, and much less that it might have feet of clay.
2. Not All Faith is Blind
I’m not going to present a comprehensive critique of materialism, reductionism, or empiricism in this post. It’s just too much to write. I want to emphasize, however, that my point isn’t necessarily that these views are wrong so much as it is that they are contested. This dispels the false impression which New Atheists often rely on that their particular claims are synonymous with reason and logic. This isn’t true. Reason and logic are contentless methods of establishing connections between ideas, but New Atheism actually consists of specific propositions that are not self-evidence.
I do want to talk about empiricism a little bit, however, because it ties into the most common atheist attack: that faith is belief in something without proof and is therefore irrational. After all: who would believe something without a reason?
Partially this is just an exercise in sophistry: to do something without any reason is, of course, unreasonable by definition. The crucial question is not “should there be a reason for belief?” but “what are good reasons for belief?” New Atheists would have you believe that scientific evidence is a good basis for belief, and they are right. They would also have you believe that that proposition is rational. It is not. They would also have you believe that there are no other good reasons to believe. That is absurd.
One of the most damning attacks on this empiricist view comes from Hume, who wrote from within the tradition of British empiricism. I’m going to quote from Professor Cahoone’s summary of Hume’s greatest work (An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding) because it’s more succinct than the original text and he’s better qualified than I am to summarize.
Hume started with the basic empirical proposition: “all knowledge and all ideas derive from experience”. He observed that two things are not observable based on the senses: the future (obviously) and also the concept of necessity. As Cahoone says: ” We cannot experience the future, and we cannot experience necessity. Therefore empiricism, according to Hume, must say that we have to cease to use such concepts.” Cahoone then goes on:
Now it’s crucial to recognize the radical nature of this conclusion, and even some students of philosophy miss this point. Hume is not merely saying that our knowledge of the future is uncertain. He’s saying something much worse. He’s saying we have no probable knowledge of the future either. That is we have no reason to believe… that the sun will rise tomorrow, no reason to believe that if I jump off the building tomorrow I will fall. None. No reason whatsoever. No rational justification for such beliefs.
That’s pretty bad, but it gets worse:
This means, by the way, that the very method of induction is in peril… One of the methods by which science works and by which we make inferences and try to gain knowledge is induction… What Hume is claiming is that the method of induction has no rational justification.
Hume still isn’t done, however.
Since we have no knowledge, not even probable knowledge of necessity in events, the future, we also cannot know the existence of forces that are unexperienced. Like gravity. For Hume there is absolutely no evidence that gravity exists. Now, one immediately wants to respond to this “This is crazy. Are you saying if I jump up I won’t fall down? If I throw a ball it won’t fall down?” Hume says: experience gives us evidence that things fall, but it doesn’t give us evidence that there is an unseen force making them fall. To believe in gravity is to believe in something, and what kind of a thing is it? A force. A power that is itself unseen and makes other things happen. Hume says, if you’re going to say that’s true, you might as well imagine that there are little gnomes or sprites in the world making things happen. In other words from Hume’s point of view it’s completely unempirical and even unscientific to go beyond the claim “things fall” to the claim “something unseen makes them fall”.
So much for science, but Hume has one implication left to reveal. Locke and Berkeley, empiricists who wrote before Hume, believed that there had to be more to physical objects than just our perceptions of those objects so that they could exist independent of our perceptions of them. In other words, these empiricists believed in some Aristotelean substance that is completely undetectable by any empirical means. Therefore, according to Hume, we have no rational to believe in it. This means:
There is nothing to reality… but impressions, surfaces, that which we perceive. Well this literally means for Hume that we do not know if an object continues to exist when it’s not being experienced.
Cahoone writes that Hume has discovered phenomenology, but it might be just as accurate to say he has discovered one consequence of quantum mechanics. According to the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics, “the act of measurement causes the set of probabilities to immediately and randomly assume only one of the possible values.” If no one looks at the moon, the moon doesn’t exist. Just a waveform. When you take that observation, the waveform collapses and you get an object, but only as long as you observe it.
All of this might seem rather esoteric and therefore irrelevant to everyday experience, but the problem for the New Atheists is that when they step outside of their laboratory and begin to lecture religious folk about epistemology, this is the ground they have chosen to tread on. If they don’t want to deal with Aristotelean metaphysics or phenomenology then they should admit they are not qualified to weigh on epistemological concerns.
The strong temptation for the New Atheists is to insist that the problem lies with philosophy. It makes simple things too complex. There just really isn’t any need to defend their paradigm because it’s self-evident. The irony is that in taking this approach, the New Skeptics are sweeping the Model Skeptic under the rug. Quoting Cahoone again:
Hume thus provided the model skeptic that all other philosophers would try to defeat. Philosophers to this day argue with Hume. His thought led to the greatest of the 18th century philosophers… Emanuel Kant.
It’s also worth pointing out that Hume himself well understood how unbelievable his logical conclusions were. Quoting Hume himself this time:
Most fortunately it happens that since human reasoning is incapable of dispelling these clouds, nature herself suffices. I dine, I play a game of backgammon, I converse and am merry with my friends. And when, after three or four hours of amusement, I would return to the speculations they appear so cold and strained and ridiculous that I cannot find in my heart to enter into them any further… Nature is always too strong for principle.
Hume didn’t actually believe the sun would not rise tomorrow. He believed that it would. Hume did not actually disbelieve gravity. He knew that if you drop a coin it will fall. The fundamental debate is not about “what should we believe?” but “what is rational to believe?” After all, that’s the claim that the New Atheists are making: tha it is irrational to have faith in God. Problem is, it’s also irrational to have faith in gravity. Kant wasn’t confused about Hume’s arguments either. He understood that Hume wasn’t actually threatening the scientific method, but he spent his life’s work attempting to refute Hume anyway. Kant’s point wasn’t “Science is correct after all” (that was never in dispute), but rather “We have rational basis to rely on induction”. For the New Atheists to try and ignore the Hume vs. Kant debate is not evidence of clear-thinking after all. It’s evidence of superficiality.
I get asked to define faith frequently. Strictly speaking, my argument doesn’t rely on my ability to do so since what I’m actually doing (citing Hume) is pulling the rug out from under secularism to put religion and science on the same epistemological foundation. Note: this doesn’t mean that I’m claiming that religious knowledge is the same as scientific knowledge. Science is defined by the ability to derive quantifiable, reproducible evidence and is thus a particularly potent form of human knowledge, and I do not deny that it has some special status. I simply reject the unargued premise that it is self-evidently rational. It is clearly not self-evident and, if Hume is right, it’s not even rational either.
According to idealism, going back to Descartes’ “I think, therefore I am”, the only thing we can be certain of is the existence of our mind. The physical world–including all of science–is up for doubt. According to empiricism, the only thing we can be certain of is the physical world and thus it is actually the existence of a mind that is in doubt. I believe that to assume the correctness of either empiricism (realism) or idealism is impossible. I believe we’re caught between. Quoting Otto Neurath:.
There is no certain starting point. Not belief in God and not belief in Science and not even our self since, by the time we start asking these questions, we’ve already had years of socialization and unconscious, imitative learning piled on top of a tangle of genetically evolved behaviors. We start out in the middle of the ocean. Authentic faith, in my mind, is just a strategy to deal with this reality, and in some other post I will explain my own brand of it. For now, however, my point is simply that the New Atheism has to choose between getting its hands dirty and defending the contentious philosophical propositions that make up its foundation or admitting that its self-confidence is actually a reflection of carefully cultivated ignorance. The simplest choice would be to adopt Kant’s rebuttal to Hume, but the New Atheists would first have to admit that such a defense is necessary, second have to accept the help of the founder of German idealism to rescue empiricism, and lastly actually go out and read some Kant. (Maybe not in that order, of course.)
3. About that Blind Faith…
At the end I want to point out that the idea of “don’t believe something without a reason” is also misused in a much more mundane ways. This applies to all those silly arguments about Flying Spaghetti Monsters or Celestial Teapots.
A friend of mine once asked if I would believe there was an invisible pink unicorn under my window. He was trying to prove that the default position, skepticism, entails disbelief. I replied by asking: “Are there hoofprints?” The point I was trying to make is that lack of information is never a good reason to believe, and that disbelief (as opposed to nonbelief) is just a kind of belief.
- Belief – I accept the proposition “X is true”.
- Disbelief – I accept the proposition “X is false”.
- Nonbelief – I don’t accept either proposition.
The default position should always be 3. [EDIT: I changed the order of the list at some point and didn’t update the text right away. So for a while it said “2”. My mistake.] That’s what real skepticism is about. Belief or disbelief without good reason are equally irrational. (This is why the New Skepticism is essentially the Old Dogmatism, it accepts fundamental premises without defending them.) The thing with pink invisible unicorns, however, is that without any evidence of their existence we actually have very good reasons to suspect their non-existence. Start with the fact that “pink” and “invisible” are contradictory terms. It’s like asking if someone believes in a version of the number 3 that is also even. Uh… no. Secondly, the word “unicorn” implies a whole set of characteristics, starting with something about the size, shape, and weight of a horse. Such an object would leave footprints. Given that assumption, the lack of footprints is not merely a lack of evidence, it’s strong evidence of non-existence.
I also have a basic understanding of both biology, evolution, and optics. I know what it would take to make something invisible, and I know that no animal observed has ever exhibited that kind of capacity. If there were such animals, we’d have evidence (footprints, droppings, running into them) and based no what I know about basic human behavior (what we find interesting, etc.) I’d have heard about them. I haven’t. In addition, we’d expect to find examples of semi-invisible animals as the ability slowly evolved. The lack of these things, given what we know, becomes once more evidence of non-existence instead of just a lack of evidence for existence. (The term for all of this is compossibility, by the way.)
Of course you can modify the term “unicorn” so that now we’re talking about weightless, flying animals that arrived from outer space and have no connection to Earthly evolution, but you end up introducing more problems than you solve and you start drifting away from the original meaning of the word. At this rate, you’ll have to explain why aliens would want to travel to earth (and how FTL works) and in the end “unicorn” would mean something like “a particular region of dense water vapor that is sort of horse shaped”. In short, you have to either invent ever more complex and less compossible explanations or you have to redefine the term to meaninglessness.
Does the same apply to the existence of God? Well, it depends very much on how you define God. The Problem of Evil, the argument that God can’t exist because an all-powerful and all-loving God would never allow so much suffering, is a perfect example of the kind of compossibility argument I’m describing. So there are valid arguments against God’s existence based on compossibility, but relying on merely “You should disbelieve in what you don’t have proof of” is irrational. You should always be neutral without a reason. (And the definition of “reason” might be b roader than just “scientific evidence”.) This is why even Richard Dawkins has conceded the possibility of some god-like entity that is actually just a super-evolved being. In short, the Flying Spaghetti Monster / Celestial Teapot arguments only work against very simplistic and naive ideas of God to the extent that they work at all. Like the rest of New Atheist dogma, they rely on cherry-picking their targets while pretending that they have no vulnerabilities of their own.
So if New Atheist arguments are so irrational, why are they so popular? The answers is simply that modern secularism is the ascendent religion of the current time. It seems reasonable because everyone else believes it, too. And that is what I’ll be writing about over at Times And Seasons, starting on Monday.
20 thoughts on “Faith Is Rational”
“…atheism, as a category, has no history, no text, and no dogma.”
Err, what? Atheism and secularism in general most definitely have a history:
There’s no official ‘Bible’ of atheism or secularism, but there are plenty of texts to that effect. You are correct, though, that atheism has no substantive dogma to speak of, because by definition the only requirement of being an atheist is that you don’t believe any deities exist. Secularism has a few more tenets, namely that religion and government should have some degree of separation, but it’s still pretty sparse compared to the official tenets of any major religion.
.”
Mao and other communist leaders embraced official atheism because religious institutions represented a body of influence not controlled by the authoritarian state and therefore a threat to the state, not because Mao or any other communist leaders were trying to be something akin to atheist missionaries. Indeed, both communist Russia and China had and have at times allowed religion because it was useful to whatever goal they had at the time, for example marshalling support during WW2. Furthermore, purging all other religions allowed the communist leaders to institute their own cults of personality, further cementing the power of their dictatorship. I’d bet you dollars to donuts that if something akin to a freethinkers society had existed during the communist revolutions, they would’ve either been suppressed or taken over for use by the state like all the religious institutions were.
You can similarly argue till the cows come home that atheism was part of the official communist dogma as laid down by Marx and other communist philosophers and therefore represents one manifestation of atheism, but the disposal of nationalism (so as to allow for a worldwide workers revolution) was an equally if not more important facet of communist theory that every communist leader conveniently ignored because nationalism is super useful when you’re trying to create an authoritarian government. It’s clear the end goal for every communist leader was total power and their interest in atheism only extended so far as atheism was useful. Atheists who didn’t support the government would hang just like any religious person.
As I’ve said over and over, this example is like atheists who believe the Crusades are an example of pure religion rather than politically motivated leaders who used religion as a tool.
“Hume didn’t actually believe the sun would not rise tomorrow. He believed that it would. Hume did not actually disbelieve gravity. He knew that if you drop a coin it will fall. He just also knew that those beliefs have no rational basis.”
The problem with Hume’s reasoning, indeed the reason he himself would not live acting as if it were true, is that if he’s right it leads to a universe where there’s no point in believing anything anymore. How do I know I won’t spontaneously combust in the next second? According to Hume, I can’t deduce anything on that matter from my past experiences of not combusting, so I don’t really have any way to assure myself I won’t combust in the next second. But that’s obviously a ridiculous and untenable way to carry on your life. It’s the same problem that arises with Descartes cogito ergo sum argument: It’s all good and well to question whether we can *really* know anything beyond the fact that we exist, but if Descartes is right, we’d might as well all walk away from this discussion and never discuss anything again because there’s no point to a discussion where you can’t be sure that anything other than your consciousness exists. In essence, how truly rational is a belief that leads to such untenable outcomes that even the proponent of that belief won’t act as if that belief is actually true?
“Sure, science works just fine no matter what you think about epistemology, but that doesn’t make your faith in it rational. It makes it pragmatic.”
So then the problem becomes that religion is not only not rational, it’s not pragmatic either, because so far as I can tell science has a much better record on everything from curing cancer to landing on the moon than religion does.
“The default position should always be 2.”
The default position should be more of a combination of 2 and 3. In the absence of evidence, I can’t say X is false, but until evidence arises that X is true, I should operate as if X is false. That’s why the silly pink unicorns and teapots get brought up. Yes, I technically have no idea if there are pink unicorns or floating teapots in space, but unless evidence suggesting they exist comes to light, I have no reason to believe they exist.
“The thing with pink invisible unicorns, however, is that without any evidence of their existence we actually have very good reasons to suspect their non-existence.”
And the same applies to deities. Considering the vast array of characteristics and deeds classically attributed to various deities, you’d think there’d be more evidence of their existence and activities in the world and furthermore that the supposed evidence of their existence wouldn’t diminish as we find natural explanations for phenomena traditionally attributed to gods, such as the fact that charged particles rather than a hunky dude with a hammer cause lightning. And as we discover that phenomenon after phenomenon once attributed to a god actually has a natural cause, it becomes increasingly reasonable to suspect that every phenomena has a natural cause and that deities either don’t exist or at very least have no discernible effect on the world, in which case they’d might as well not exist.
“Just as with the definition of faith, New Atheist arguments are popular not because they are logically compelling but because modern secularism is simply the ascendent religion of the current time.”
This conclusion feels kinda like the claim that America is the new imperial power of the age. Well, if America is the new imperial power, we’re the most benign imperial power to date, and similarly, if secularism is the new ascendant religion, it’s pretty darn good living under a dominant religion where your worst fear is dealing with smug assholes.
Thanks for the long reply, Bryan!
You’re missing the point on this one. Obviously there have been atheists in history. I spend the bulk of the post going over Hume’s arguments in great detail, and Hume was a committed atheist. The point is not about history. It’s about categories. As you point out yourself:
That is the point, but you don’t seem to grasp the significance of it. “Atheism” is not a belief system, it’s just a category for a very diverse and sometimes contardictory set of belief systems. The belief systems that reside in the category of atheism have history, text, and dogma, but the category itself does not. Similarly, “theism” is just a category that also has no history, text or dogma. It is the belief systems inside theism that do.
For atheists to compare a category (atheism) with actual belief systems (e.g. Christianity, Abrahamic religions generally, etc.) is an extreme example of apples-to-oranges. It means atheists have no baggage to defend, but theists do and–because this is based on a mismatch of category vs. belief system, it’s an unwarranted tactical advantage. That’s the first problem.
The second is that, as I said, New Atheism is a belief system that does have baggage. Not much historical or textual baggage, true, but certainly dogmatic baggage. The belief system we call New Atheism embraces materialism, reductionism, and empiricism. These propositions don’t prove themselves, but New Atheists avoid having to prove them by pretending that they don’t exist.
By the way, I knew the Maoist example would confuse you because I’ve used it in other ways in our conversations, but in this case it only serves to illustrate why belief systems are harder to defend than categories. I already said in the post that I don’t consider it representative of all atheist belief systems, so your rebuttal on that score is for an argument that I never made. Maoism and New Atheism are two distinct belief systems that are both under the ubmrella atheist. The fact that they are so radically different in so many ways shows why attacking “theism” is such a bad idea. You need to actually pick out a belief system, not just a category, to focus your attack on.
You’re not saying anything that Hume didn’t already say himself and that I didn’t point out explicitly in the post. Of course it’s ridiculous to act as though we don’t know the sun will rise tomorrow. We do know that. But it’s incredibly important to point out that our justification for this has nothing to do with evidence. Have you ever seen the future? Observed necessity? Is gravity itself perceivable with our senses? No? Then you have to abandon the position that “you should only believe things if you have evidence”. You don’t have any evidence that the sun will rise tomorrow. This means the entire basis by which New Atheists differentiate themselves from theists is an illusion. It radically changes the nature of human belief. Instead of believing only what the evidence tells us, we believe some things because the alternative is untenable even if it’s irrational to do so.
Nothing you’re writing is actually a challenge to Hume, and none of it defends the empiricism that New Atheism relies upon.
That is simply preposterous. You’re literally stating that you should believe something (the non-existence of X) without evidence. That’s not only absurd, but it flatly contradicts the purported philosophy of New Atheism and underscores the fact that “skepticism” of the New Atheism is actually dogma. We believe in the non-existence of God without proof, and that is rational, but believing in the existence of God without proof is irrational. You’re reducing rational/irrational to just word gamses. Swap out “existence” for “absence” and suddenly you would have to accept a “blend of 1 and 3” instead of 2 and 3.
Don’t you understand that the difference between belief and disbeleif is nothing but grammar?
Well sure, religion isn’t pragmatic for landing people on the moon or curing cancer. Are you seriously saying that it’s not pragmatic for anything at all? This is scientism at its most extreme: the idea that no knowledge that isn’t scientific is worth having. It’s obviously silly because no one, not even the most committed scientimist, actually lives that way. Or: Do you have quantifiable metrics to scientifically validate your personal relationships? No? Then quit pretending that religion isn’t worth having because it’s not science.
Yes it does, and that’s why I specifically gave an example myself with the Problem of Evil. What your argument highlights is just that arguments against God will have to rely on the specific definitions of God. Zeus throwing around lightning is not compossible with our understanding of modern physics. Plato’s conception of God is going to require a separate attack. It’s incredibly lazy of atheists to act as though an attack on one conception of God is an attack on all of them, and this further demonstrates the tactically useful inability to differentiate between an empty category (e.g. “God”) and specific belief systems (e.g. Zeus vs. the Platonic God).
I think it will be best for you to see the actual argument I make here before we debate it. That was just a teaser. The post will be published on Monday. I’ll link to it from here.
I enjoyed this very much. I think I’ll have to read it one or two more times to fully wrap my mind around it, but it sure gives a lot to think about. I particularly want to know more about Kant’s rebuttals to Hume, because I think some of the secularists I know make arguments along similar lines but don’t know anything about Kant or Hume.
Nathaniel, I enjoy that you are such a fan of Hume. You definitely stand out among your believing peers for that. I’m not at all sure that Hume would be a fan of you, though. We don’t have to guess what he thought about things like miracles… But that’s not important right now.
The important thing is in this quote:
Now, this is you quoting Cahoone interpreting Hume, but let’s say for the sake of argument that it is exactly what Hume meant. Even granting that, the argument still has to make sense on its own merit (no intellectual in 2013 should automatically subscribe to a position advocated by an intellectual in the 1700s).
First, although the English language is fluid, words have meaning. I would grant you some flexibility with the term “rational justification,” but if you are using a definition of that term that excludes methodical induction, you’ve gone off the deep end. For the sake of linguistic clarity alone, you should use a different term.
Second, your end result of putting science and religion on comparable epistemological footing is obscurantism in the extreme. An almanac predicts to the minute when the sun will rise and set. A scientific textbook describes the causation behind conception of new human life. Everyone who took PHIL 101 can understand the words in Hume’s critique of induction and causality, and Hume has some nifty brain ticklers. But the end result for a sane person should not be that we pretend that the knowledge science purports to have is just as “faith-based” as the knowledge a religion purports to have.
Third, the real-life problem (and the interesting problem) with induction isn’t what Hume pointed out 200+ years ago (zzzz), it is the kind of thing Nassim Nicholas Taleb refers to as the black swan problem. Here is Taleb’s turkey metaphor (quote loosely adapted because I lent my book out):
I love Taleb and this metaphor. The point he is making is not that it is impossible to know if you are a turkey or not. In fact, he spends a lot of his time pointing out which areas of human activity are susceptible to black swan events and which are not (his distinction is fragile vs. antifragile). The point is that when it comes to the areas susceptible to black swans, we should discount certain inductive conclusions (from risk managers and macro economists, for instance). The other point is that we should engineer systems to be antifragile as much as possible, but that is less relevant to your original post.
The reason why Taleb’s is an interesting problem of induction while Hume’s is not is that this actually has something to say about real life. Even Hume seemed to realize that his critiques of causality and induction were just word games. They are like Zeno’s paradoxes. Interesting things to tickle your brain with, but not the kind of thing a serious person uses as a basis for real philosophy. By the way, he definitely wouldn’t have used those critiques to say that religious and scientific worldviews both require comparable leaps of faith.
Side issue, now. I know you like to make this critique of induction because you think it evens the playing field between religious and nonreligious worldviews. Do you also doubt deductive reasoning? I’m curious.
Hmm, seems like my attempt at html quotes may have failed.
That’s weird, basic HTML is generally allowed.
I was trying to have the same set-off quotes like you had in your comment above, but I guess q and /q isn’t the right code. What do you use?
I’m sure it’s my fault, not your blog’s. I can barely spell html.
DMM-
First, thanks for your meaty reply. I really appreciate thoughtful comments like this one.
I wouldn’t be so sure. After all, I don’t believe in miracles or the supernatural either.
That’s not the end result I’m proposing. Take out the phrase “just as”, and you’re much closer to the mark. I don’t for a minute believe that scientific and religious claims are equivalent, or should be treated the same.
I’ve written a lot about this myself in earlier posts. You should check out my series for Times and Seasons on epistemic humility. I quote Donald Rumsfeld (unknown unknowns) instead of Taleb, but the point is the same. Start with the first, if you’re interested.
I agree that the problem of ignorance is more interesting and relevant, and that’s why I wrote about it first. But I disagree that Hume is merely playing word games. Relying on authority here (for the sake of brevity), that would make Kant something of a fool for spending so much time and energy replying to him. I think that sweeping problems under the rug merely because they seem to have no practical implication is not justifiable.
There’s an additional point, however. My primary objective is not to convince everyone that the sun will not rise tomorrow. It is not even to convince people that we don’t have a rational basis for that belief. My primary motivation is semi-apologetic. There’s a very popular view (New Atheism) and it’s based on some word games of its own, especially the fact that it denies the existence of (and therefore necessity to defend) it’s own philosophical assumptions.
My objective is not to counter atheism per se, because I don’t have any problem with non-belief in God or even with affirmative disbelief in God. Most of my favorite philosophers (Camus and de Beauvoir in addition to Hume) were atheists. I have respect bordering on reverence for some varieties of atheism. I just have a particular dislike for the New Atheists due to both their prominence (unjustified, I believe), their arrogance (have you tried wading through “The God Delusion”?) and the resulting detrimental impact it has on authentic discourse on these topics. I’m not saying that Christians aren’t arrogant sometimes, but usually the arrogant believers are already at the intellectual margin. They have a Creation Museum in the middle of Kentucky (come on, Kentucky) and it’s rather a bit of a joke, isn’t it? To my mind, the New Atheist–speaking philosophically–have roughly equivalent intellectual legitimacy but you’ll find their writings in Salon and the New York Times. (Thus making me deeply skeptical of the whole “oppressed atheist” thing, or at least its universal applicability.)
Citing Hume, I believe, is actually quite relevant in my particular aim because even a 200-year old philosophy makes short work of the specific claims of the New Atheists / New Skeptics / scientisim.
I realize terms can be problematic and there will always be some doubt about what, precisely I mean by those terms, but I think the Dawkins / Hitchens / et al axis is distinct enough to warrant separate classification.
Kind of a cop-out (long answer already), but here it is: I doubt everything. Just look at the Neurath quote aagin.
Use “blockquote” instead:
[blockquote]Something to quote.[/blockquote]
Use the carrots intead of square brackets, of course.
Nathaniel:
I know this is your style. It reminds me of your article about how the left wing is paranoid too (but not equally paranoid). As long as you don’t mind me pointing out that your argument takes one step forward and approximately one step back, I don’t mind making the point. I’ll get to what you say is your primary motivation below, but as long as we are in open agreement that there is nothing close to equal “rational basis” footing between religious and scientific approaches, I’m satisfied.
Do you take Zeno’s paradoxes seriously on a level higher than word games? Surely you must know the lifetimes of hours spent arguing over them by seriously intelligent people.
What about the “if a tree falls in a forest” question? I almost used this as another absurd example, but I’ve heard you say things about the moon that make me wonder if maybe you just have a tendency to care more about word games than you should.
If this is a major problem, I’m not aware of it, but good job pointing it out. However, it’s a non-sequitor to say that because Dawkins doesn’t fully justify every underlying philosophical premise in his book, that he is denying the existence of the premises.
It’s also probably an unfair generalization to say the New Atheism (whatever that means) necessarily involves those premises. First of all, I seriously don’t know what New Atheism means. If it means Dawkins + Dennett + Hitchens + Harris, then you have four individual people with different approaches and emphases. The only thing that seems to be universal among the modern atheist movement is that they lack belief in God. Beyond that, it’s a total crapshoot.
The atheists I read and interact with are typically happy to not only embrace, but defend those things. They don’t necessarily defend every premise from the ground up every time they make a comment, give an interview, or write a book.
The obvious reason is that nobody wants to read all that preamble every time an argument is advanced. Another reason is that these premises (or at least a form of them) are widely shared and accepted (at least among the intended audience).
I won’t sign up to defend every word of a book by Dawkins or anybody else, but:
1. I don’t think the problem you identify is a real or important one;
2. Even if it is, invoking Hume like you do doesn’t really help
I shudder to think that people would cite Dawkins or Hitchens as good sources of philosophical arguments. They are entertaining spokespeople for the movement.
Dawkins : Atheism :: Obama : Liberal Democracy
or
Hitchens : Atheism :: William Craig : Christianity
These figures serve their purpose, but you and I both know it isn’t to refine the details of the movement’s philosophical underpinnings. It’s a fair point–but maybe we could also say an obvious point or a cheap point–to say that these prominent spokespeople do not extensively justify all their philosophical assumptions.
I suspect that public leaders and spokespeople are almost always “at the intellectual margin,” as you say. Similarly, philosophers are almost always at the political or public margins.
I think the problem with the position that you’re outlining is that the “one step forward and approximately one step back” phrasing implies a single axis, and I disagree with that. Consider the following:
1. Rational Thought = Scientific Thought
2. Irrational Thought
2.1 Religious Thought
That (above) is the model I’m reacting to. This (below) is the model I’m posing:
1. Rational Thought
1.1. Scientific Thought
1.2 Religious Thought
2. Irrational Thought
2.1 Scientific Thought
2.2. Religious Thought
In order to post that model, I have to first separate science from being seen as identical to rational thought. It’s not. Science is constrained by our ability to objectively quantify (among other things), and is therefore a mode of inquisition only applicable to a subset of all possible questions. This subset is not necessarily limited (it has expanded dramatically over time), but there are good reasons to suspect it will never encompass everything.
So my case rests on two things:
First – Establishing that science is distinct from and depends on a more fundamental belief system.
Second – Establish that religion also hearkens back to a common source.
I don’t want to get too hyper-detailed about the simple models Im’ posing, but the use to which I’m putting Hume is to drive a wedge between science and the totality of all rational thought. I then put religion as an appendage to the same root (the desire to think rationally about the world we live in), but on a divergent path.
I don’t place infinite importance on them or obsess on them to the point of occluding other concerns, but I certainly think that they are more than mere word games. They require serious thinking about the nature of the world around us, and I think the world around us is substantially more weird than most people realize.
This kind of complacence is exactly what I’m critiquing. Why is it a word game to ask if the moon collapses into a waveform if it’s unobserved? It’s a serious question about quantum mechanics. Remember Feynman’s quote: “If you think you understand quantum mechanics, you don’t understand quantum mechanics.” I’m not reveling in imponderability. I’m reacting against what I see as intelletual smugness. Yes, science sure is nifty and I’m happy that GPS works. But to extrapolate from “look at this awesome stuff science can do!” to “we now understand the world” is to violate Taleb’s position most egregiously, especially when we have right in front of us solid evidence that we don’t really understand the world.
A lot of the mocking I see directed at religion comes precisely from a foundationless and meritless sense of overconfidence that silly questions are just silly. Soemtimes they are. Sometimes they are not.
I’m not saying they don’t “fully justify”, I’m saying they refuse to even talk about it.
I’m curious: to you apply this logic to theism as well? The only thing that seems to be universal among contemporary religions is that they accept belief in God. Beyond that, it’s a total crapshoot. That’s absolutely a true statement. There’s no universal agreement on any principle of religion. This seems like a self-serving double standard. When it comes to atheism, you must evaluate the views of every atheist as an individual, and you therefore are prohibited from discussing subsets of atheism. But when it comes to theism, what? Denominations are valid terms because they are institutionalized, and therefore all the followers are identical lemmings? The notion that the existence of a formal institution precludes wide and vociferous dissent among members is absurd, so if the fact that Dawkins / Hitchens / etc. are all unique snowflakes means that one cannot talk about their common views, how can one talk about Christianity as a valid category?
I’m not willing to give people a pass on bad arguments because they are popular, nor do I think it’s a matter of not “extensively” justifying “all” of their philosophical assumptions. It’s much more fundamental and egregious than that. Perhaps you’re unfamiliar with them, however, due to your unfamiliarity with the New Atheist movement broadly speaking. (Not a dig, a sincere point.)
I’m willing to fully embrace this model on a theoretical level, but I’m a little fuzzy on what “religious thought” means. There are plenty of thoughts-about-religion that are rational. And there are plenty of thoughts-by-religious people that are rational. I suspect, though, that the very term religious is too fuzzy to use as an adjective to directly modify thought. How do you know if a thought is a religious thought or not?
But that’s all on a theoretical level. On a practical level, it is so common that religious thought is irrational that the two categories seem linked even though they aren’t necessarily linked. So again, I am happy to concede a small semantic point if that is all you are making.
Seems like we agree that “universal agreement among all members” cannot be a prerequisite for making a reference to a group. Fine. That wasn’t my question. I’m really just wondering what you mean when you use the capitalized term New Atheism.
Yes, I think that institutions, denominations, revered texts, and official creeds help justify reference to a group. And if someone like you points out that everyone is a snowflake, nobody will disagree, but neither will we become paralyzed as to our ability to refer to groups.The standard should be: is reference to this group helpful and intelligible or not?
If I say the Mormon position on this or that is silly and unjustified, you can agree or disagree, but we all know what I’m referring to. The group is more or less defined, and even if you find a Mormon who dissents, it doesn’t render the group reference invalid.
When I was a believer, I belonged to the Church of Christ. If I encountered someone saying “the Church of Christ position on ___ is silly and unjustified,” I might very well have agreed with them because I dissented in many ways. But I wouldn’t waste anyone’s time attacking the group reference.
So maybe there is a valid group of New Atheists. I’m willing to accept that there is such a group, and I might even be one, so whatever. But here is why I’m suspicious. There isn’t any such institution, they don’t have denominations or creeds, and the only people I see using that particular term are complaining believers.
I’ve read books and articles and watched lectures, debates, and Q&A sessions by Dawkins, Dennett, Harris, Hitchens, Ali, Singer, Krauss, Mehta, Meyers, Carrier, Christina, and those types. I think you are probably thinking of a lot of the same people when you say New Atheists. Do you have a separate article where you try to hammer out what the central points of agreement are in this confederation? It might be worth doing if you think it is important to use the group term New Atheists.
I’ve also read and watched Lewis, Swinburne, Plantinga, Craig, Lennox and others less intellectually reputable. I recognize that these guys are different in some ways from the Old Theists, but it would feel weird grouping them together as New Theists, right?
“This is why even Richard Dawkins has conceded the possibility of some god-like entity that is actually just a super-evolved being.”
Sounds like King Follet Discourse Mormonism to me! Go send the misssionaries! ;)
TL;DR :P
Monica linked me here. Miss you, man, and I hope all is well.
That’s precisely one of the misperceptions that I want to address head on. And this misperception is that it’s not “religious thought” that is so commonly irrational, but rather just thought, unqualified.
The reality is that most people believe things for irrational reasons, and religion just happens to be one of those things. So does atheism.
There are two caveats to this.
First, atheist tend to self-select for people who have consciously thought about religion in the same way that religious converts do, whereas the population of religious people is dominated by those who haven’t necessarily thought seriously about religion once in their lives. They are merely acting out their unexamined lives, which is what most people do most of the time unless/until challenged (which is why Socrates and Jesus and such tend to get themselves dead, people don’t like having to examine themselves). So I think that the atheist population is probably more rational than the theist population, but it’s an apples-to-oranges comparison. Comparing theist converts to atheists would be closer to apples-to-apples.
Secondly, there are plenty of people who are atheist for irrational reasons. This is obscurred by the fact that atheism is awash in the rhetoric of logic and reason, but it’s clear from the “conversion” stories (irony intended) that a lot of atheists (especially the strong atheists) are the mirror image of their former theistic selves, replacing one set of rather absolutist, irrational beliefs for another.
In my view, the real dichotomy is not “religion / irrationality” vs. “secularism / rationality” but rather “religious and secular rationality” vs. “religious and secular irrationality”.
I think atheists, yourself included, drastically oversimplify the relationship between formal institutions, official creeds, etc. and what the adherents actually believe. Mormonism is actually a terrific example of this. You write: “If I say the Mormon position on this or that is silly and unjustified, you can agree or disagree, but we all know what I’m referring to,” but that’s not actually true for the simple reason that Mormonism is an atheological religion. We have formal texts, but no creeds and no official theology.
I’m not saying that there’s no cohesive body of belief at all, but I am saying that it is substantially harder to pin down than secularists tend to believe. In my anecdotal experience, this is because most atheists either have very limited experience with religion, or come from very strict, doctrinaire religious backgrounds and therefore think they have familiarity with religion broadly when they actually have experience with only a very narrow particular subset.
I also think that there actually are secular proto-institutions. I’ll get into this more in my series of posts on Times And Seasons (starting Monday), but based on a functional analysis of the role that religion has historically played in society, I would say that scientific establishments (e.g. universities and scientific organizations) are actually being co-opted to replace institution as, for example, bastions of authoritative speech about things that truly scare us. I realize this is a really weird way of looking at the world, but I think that it’s actually accurate. I’ll give you one very specific example: after the Sandy Hook massacre, there were widespread calls to have the DNA of the killer tested to try and ascertain what had caused him to kill innocent children.
Anyone with genuine (i.e. “rational”) scientific understanding knows how absurd this is. The idea that we can find some kind of an evil-mass-killer gene is ludicrous. But what is actually happening is that society is looking to its most respected institution (increasingly science as opposed to religion) to explain the question of why bad things happen. The comforting narrative that we all want to hear is that there is something qualitatively different about evil people that makes them not like us. Religion would have irrationally said “He was possessed by a demon”, and now science is being made to say (not by genuine, rational scientists) “He had a mental disorder.”
Obviously atheism is not as institutionalized and formalized as religion. Some religions have no creeds, but no atheists have creeds. Some religions have no formal institution, but no atheists have a formal institution. I get that. What I’m saying is that the same social forces that warped rational religion into irrational institutions are presently at work on rational science, and if you extrapolate out a few centuries it’s really not hard to imagine at all a secular creed and secular dogma.
I think that stubborn insistence that religion is irrational (in practice, if not of necessity) while atheism is rational actually enables this transition by denying that there’s any need to be vigilant.
Not yet. I’ve been thinking about these things and emailing friends privately for quite some time, but I’ve only recently starting writing publicly. I outlined some commonalities in the piece, but I’ll work to provide a more substantial definition. That’s a perfectly reasonable request.
I don’t think the theist / atheist divide is actually useful, ultimately. I’m targeting New Atheism, but I don’t consider that to mean “modern atheism” or “contemporary atheism”. As I’ve said: I have absolutely no beef with atheism. I can’t stress that enough. I might start using the term “New Skeptics” just to try and separate my target from atheism proper.
You have to understand that I have absolutely no interest whatsoever in entering the broader “theism vs atheism” debate. Absolutely none. What I’d love to see happen, however, is a new alignment that was “rational people vs. irrational people”. I’d love to see Young Earth Creationists and the New Atheists put in a bucket together, and folks like Thomas Nagel and John Lennox put into a bucket together.
I’m not actually calling for a literal categorization of everyone as rational / irrational, but I’d like people to think along those terms. It’s my opinion that a sincere and authentic atheism and a sincere and authentic faith have very, very little to disagree about of substance, and that a bombastic and arrogant atheism and theism are two peas in a pod.
Thanks, Walker. That was a great article. DMM, you might find it interesting as well, simply because it reflects some of the positions that I’ve outlined that you find odd.
Sample:
So there you see the echo or my earlier claim that the religious fundamentalists and the atheist fundamentalist are essentially two sides of the same fundamentalist coin.
Some questions as I digest this, Nathaniel.
1. I think I understand Hume’s basic assertion that we can’t have rational knowledge of anything without directly observing it with our senses (correct?), and you point specifically to the future and the concept of necessity. How does the “concept of necessity” work? I feel the necessity to eat food to survive. Is that not experiencing necessity with my senses? Or does the concept of necessity mean something else?
2. Then there’s the future. How is it that we have no *probable* knowledge of the future? My question is, if we can say the sun has risen 365 days a year for millions of years on earth isn’t “evidence” that it will rise again tomorrow, what is it? To me this would imply that to make sense of our future we rely exclusively on probabilities since we have no evidence whatsoever of *anything* concerning the future. Couldn’t it then be said that rational belief doesn’t (only) rely on what can be directly experienced by the senses but on what the senses regard as most probable given what has come before? What am I missing in Hume’s argument?
3. If we don’t know an object exists if we are not experiencing it, how do we explain the effects of the existence of that object? Are the effects of the existence of an object, for example, getting hit by a bullet fired from a gun I can’t see or hear, considered “experiencing” the object (the gun)? Or am I bound by my senses’ lack of input concerning the gun itself to conclude that it is irrational to claim the gun exists at all?
I talk about the mirror image effect of theists/non-theists here:The Democratic Republic of Congo is a very large country with incredible natural resources. Unfortunately, it has been through many phases of leadership which have taken the natural resources to benefit the privileged. War in the 1990's has set the country back even further so that it's now worse off than it was 30 years ago. The area we are working in is Equateur Province, located in the northwest corner of DR Congo. Paul Noren has been working in DR Congo for over 40 years in agriculture development as well as in aquaculture. He worked extensively on aquaculture development from mid-1980's-early 1990's. There are now over 26,000 fish ponds in Equateur Province and over 700 fish farmer associations. Our hope is to help these farmers be more successful and increase the yields from their fish ponds.Publications, Prizes and Films
Publications and Prizes
The Stein Center collaborates with others to produce a wide variety of resources on legal ethics, access to justice, and other subjects.
Fordham Law Journal Publications
The Stein Center has partnered with various Law Journals at Fordham Law School to publish papers arising out of conferences hosted by the Center.
Fordham Law Review Special Ethics Books
- April 1996, Ethical Issues in Representing Older Clients, 62 Fordham L. Rev. No. 5
- March 1996, Ethical Issues in the Legal Representation of Children, 64 Fordham L. Rev. No. 4
- March 1998, The Relevance of Religion to a Lawyer’s Work: An Interfaith Conference, 66 Fordham L. Rev. No. 4
- April 1999, The Delivery of Legal Services to Low-Income Persons: Professional and Ethical Issues, 67 Fordham L. Review No. 5
- December 2000, Telling Stories in School: Using Case Studies to Teach Legal Ethics, 69 Fordham L. Rev. No. 3
- December 2001, Lawyering for the Middle Class, 70 Fordham L. Rev. No. 3
- April 2002, What Does it Mean to Practice Law “In the Interests of Justice” in the Twenty-First Century?, 70 Fordham L. Rev. No. 5
- March 2003, Symposium: The Legal Profession: Looking Backward, 71 Fordham L. Rev. No. 4
- December 2004, Colloquium: Access to Justice, 73 Fordham L. Rev. No. 3
- April 2005, Symposium: Critical Race Lawyering, 73 Fordham L. Rev. No. 5
- December 2006, The Internal Point of View in Law and Ethics, 75 Fordham L. Rev. No. 3
- December 2007, Ethics and Evidence, 76 Fordham L. Rev. No. 3
- March 2009, The Corporate Lawyer’s Role in a Contemporary Democracy, 77 Fordham L. Rev. No. 4
- April 2010, The Economic Downturn and the Legal Profession, 78 Fordham L. Rev. No. 5
- April 2011, Civil Procedure and The Legal Profession, 79 Fordham L. Rev. No. 5
- May 2012, Globalization and the Legal Profession, 80 Fordham L. Rev. No. 6
- May 2013, Lawyering for Groups: Civil Rights, Mass Torts and Everything in Between, 81 Fordham L. Rev. No. 6
- May 2014, The Legal Profession's Monopoly on the Practice of Law, 82 Fordham L. Rev. No. 6
- April 2015, The Challenge of Equity in the Legal Profession: An International and Comparative Perspective, 83 Fordham L. Rev. No. 5
- April 2016, Lawyering in the Regulatory State, 84 Fordham L. Rev. No. 5
- April 2017, Civil Litigation Ethics at a Time of Vanishing Trials, 85 Fordham L. Rev. No. 5
- April 2018, Access to Justice and the Legal Profession in an Era of Contracting Civil Liability, 86 Fordham L. Rev. No. 5
- April 2019, Lawyers in Government Service, 87 Fordham L. Rev. No. 5
- April 2020, Corporate Lawyers, 88 Fordham L. Rev. No. 5
Urban Law Journal
- January 2009, Colloquium: Conditions of Confinement, 36 Fordham Urban L. J. No.1
- February 2010, Access to Justice, 37 Fordham Urban L. J. No. 1
- October 2011, Colloquium: Bob Dylan and the Law, 38 Fordham Urban L. J. No. 5
- May 2012, Articles related to Occupy Wall Street: A Conversation, 39 Fordham Urban L. J. No. 4
- November 2012, Conference: The Law: Business or Profession? The Continuing Relevance of Julius Henry Cohen for the Practice of Law in the Twenty-First Century, 40 Fordham Urban L.J. No. 1
Fordham International Law Journal
The Stein Center has collaborated with the Leitner Center for International Law and Justice on special "Human Rights" publications with the Fordham International Law Journal
- March 2006, Colloquium: Human Rights in Guantanamo, 30 Fordham Int’l L. J. Vol. 3
- April 2007, Colloquium: The Crisis in Darfur, 31 Fordham Int’l L. J. Vol. 4
- Spring 2008, Colloquium: Human Rights in China, 32 Fordham Int’l L. J. Vol. 3
- January 2012, Human Rights in the Obama Administration, 35 Fordham Int’l L. J. Vol. 2
- December 2017, International Legal Ethics: Evolution of a Field 42 Fordham Int’l L. J. Vol.2
Mary Daly Prize in Legal Ethics
The Mary Daly Prize in Legal Ethics, who directed the Stein Center in the 1980s and 1990s.
Previous winners of the Mary Daly Prize include:
- 2021: Caitlyn Beauchamp Holuta and Christina John
- 2020: Hannah Silverman
- 2019: Praatika Prasad
- 2018: Immanuel Kim
- 2017: Joshua Liebman
- 2016: Hopi O. Costello, Brandon P. Ruben and Emily A. Vance
- 2015: Naseem Faqihi
- 2014: Jason Tortora
- 2013: Jerry Dickinson and Joanna Zdanys
- 2012: Theodore R. Sangalis
- 2011: Mari Gracie Byrne and Marni Lynn von Wilpert
Educational Films
The Stein Center has participated in the production of three educational films: Revitalizing the Lawyer-Poet: What Lawyers Can Learn from Rock and Roll; Red State, Blue State: Lawyers, Politics and Moral Counseling; and So Goes a Nation: Lawyers & Communities.
Revitalizing the Lawyer-Poet
Revitalizing the Lawyer-Poet: What Lawyers Can Learn from Rock and Roll
A: What is professionalism? What are the causes and consequences of the crisis of professionalism? Do lawyers have a public responsibility as intermediaries between the people and the law? Can lawyers make money, have fun, and do good, all at the same time?.
Download the teacher's guide.
For a free copy of the DVD, please email lawyersrock@law.fordham.edu.
A film essay on ethics and professionalism, Red State, Blue State brings a fresh viewpoint to the ongoing debate about the role of morality in the practice of law. The film is offered as a free resource for law school classes and continuing legal education programs; it also is available as an online program that is accredited by the New York State CLE Board for experienced attorneys to earn one (1) non-transitional, ethics and professionalism credit hour.
Learn more about the online CLE program.
The film poses these questions:
- Should lawyers bring their personal morality into the counseling of clients?
- Why do most lawyers reject moral counseling in favor of amoral partisanship?
- Is our understanding of the lawyer’s role connected to a particular political philosophy?
Featuring interviews with:
- Doug Ammar
- Robin Barnes
- Erwin Chemerinsky
- Lawrence Fox
- Heather MacDonald
- John McGinnis
- Russell Pearce
- Deborah Rhode
- William Simon
- Kenneth Starr
- David Wilkins
The film is inspired by the scholarship of Russell Pearce, the Edward & Marilyn Bellet Chair in Legal Ethics, Morality, and Religion and a co-director of the Louis Stein Center for Law & Ethics at Fordham Law School.
Red State, Blue State: Lawyers, Politics and Moral Counseling
Red State, Blue State: Lawyers, Politics & Moral Counseling from Fordham Law School on Vimeo.
A film essay on ethics and professionalism, Red State, Blue State brings a fresh viewpoint to the ongoing debate about the role of morality in the practice of law.
So Goes A Nation: Lawyers and Communities
So Goes a Nation: Lawyers and Communities is a documentary film depicting three approaches to working with people in low-income communities produced in 1998 by New York Lawyers for the Public Interest and the Stein Center for Law and Ethics, in conjunction with the Fordham Urban Law Journal and as part of the Stein Center’s annual symposium, "Lawyering for Poor Communities in the Twenty-First Century."
Here is the manual that goes along with the film: Community Lawyering: Theory and Practice.Have you been interested in a good textual corpus which concerns the topic of free multiplayer free poker? Spare a minute to take a look at a helpful, analytical and after that inspiring paper relating to this important matter of free multiplayer free poker. As virtual onlinepoker gains more fans, greater numbers of people are gaining pokeronline expertise on the web, and without paying any fees. To supply the increasing needs of the internetpoker game on line fans, many online pokeronline game on the computer card playing sites are opening using different software. As these sites are no-fee, equally so is their software. Free internet pokergame software is very helpful to both rookie and seasoned game participants, because it gives you the real feeling of playing onlinepoker at the tabln the cyberspace casino rooms. Additionally, it offers all the essentials a player would want to have at hand to have the thrill of high-caliber pokergame on the net. The no-charge internet pokergame software has the functions of playing real – or virtual – betting games; alternatively you can just have a seat to observe the additional game participants` modes of play and game plans.
You need to play the games at Online Casino with the implementation of the correct skills and expertise. The playing of the games will require proper understanding to have more real cash. A winning experience is provided to the gamblers at the online platform.
The only thing it`s necessary for you to do is to download the gratis virtual pokergame software from any Web virtual pokergame game room and start playing the game of your choice. The downloading procedure is not at all complicated and easy to catch on to, plus it takes very little time to load onto your computer by following the instructions. At any on line pokeronline game on the computer site, choose the no-charge software and click the download button, and next, push either `open`or `run this program from its existing location.`. Next you need to set the automatic storage location for the download by following the directions on the install screen. As soon as you are through with all of the download, the software will get you right onto the main lobby window.
Understanding pokercardgame on the internet on a desktop computer is a smart way to build skill. The no-charge pokeronline game on the computer software gives you the ambience of playing with actual players, by means of its unique program. In this venue you can select from different characters from virtual participant classes which portray various temperaments to test what challenges you: assertive, relaxed, low limit, even-tempered, or strict playing techniques. The virtual card player acts in accordance with your wants as you compete in the game;he or she will gamble, call, raise, re-raise, or fold.
You have the option of, cost-free computerpoker software with nearly any of the variants of internet pokergame. You`ll find, however, the most sought after are seven-card Stud and Limit Hold em. No-cost onlinepoker on net software provides you with the minute details of any betting game. It has the facility to change the situations of the poker games so they`re able to call the latest parameters and gambling limits of each specific wagering game. Then, you have myriad options through which you will be able to select the appearance of the table, hands dealt during the game, and presentation of first-time users with all kinds of sound and action. By clicking on the button that starts the deal, you can jump right into the poker game.
In addition, there is a link to advice that can give you pointers on how to decide when to fold, check, call, or, if the conditions are right, raise. Players can get steady help by using the advice source while you`re trying your hand at the poker game so you can improve your hand. The game also tracks your played hands as well as keeping track of, the players at the table with you. The `stats` button helps you to grasp the information of previous hands. Free internetpoker game on line software also includes the feature of finding participants in your neighborhood via merely looking through the information database of onlinepoker virtualgame leagues. You have the option to additionally make a pokergame on the net bio, talk strategy, consider stats, ad infinitum.
Cutting-edge, eye-catching graphics and CD special effects are making no-fee pokeronline game on the computer software more authentic than ever before. All you need to have is a desktop with an adequate operating system so it is able to download and operate the game with no trouble. The storage capacity of your laptop needs to be a minimum of 20M to effectively work with the software. Anybody is able to download the cost-free onlinepoker software, as user`s guides are included with every software game to help you to understand its various other features.Driver's Daily Log Book w/No DVIR, 2-Ply - Personalized
Book Format, Carbonless, w/Recap, 8-1/2" x 5-1/2" Read more.
Starting at:
$9.57
$9.57
Product Code: 19643
Best Selling Log Books
Driver's Daily Log w/7- and 8-Day Recap, 2-Ply, Carbonless - Personalized
Loose-Leaf Format, 8-1/2" x 6-1/2".
Driver's Daily Log w/Simplified DVIR, 2-Ply, w/Carbon & 7- and 8-Day Recap - Personalized
Loose-Leaf Format, 8-1/2" x 6-1/2".A new job for a woman who lost her job as a personal trainer after the holidays is set to begin in February.
Amber Lang is looking to be the first woman to work at a personal training firm in more than a decade.
“It’s really been a rollercoaster ride,” Ms Lang said.
“My mum lost her position as a trainer, so I was really struggling.”
She said the experience of working for a private company had been difficult.
“You know you’re being paid for your work, and there’s no benefits,” Ms Angleson said.
But, she said, working in a job with a lot of turnover had been a relief.
“If you’ve been working for your employer, then you’ve got to look for other jobs,” she said.
Ms Lang said her experience of being a trainer was positive.
“We really get to learn new skills and we really learn from each other,” she told 7.30.
“The clients are so supportive and they really want to help you out with whatever it is you need to do.”
The Christmas train train set-up for a personal assistant.
Topics:jobs,work,family-and-children,training,careers,personal-training,health,health-administration,healthcare-facilities,education,healthpolicy,education-organisations,community-and/or-society,religion-and,religions-and-“religion”,”palmerston-3230,australiaMore stories from New South Wales© Reuters. FILE PHOTO: Passers-by with protective masks are reflected on an electronic board showing stock prices outside a brokerage house in the middle of the outbreak of coronavirus (COVID-19), in Tokyo, Japan, September 29, 2021. REUTERS / Issei Kato
By Tom Westbrook
SYDNEY (Reuters) – Shares fell and headed for their biggest weekly fall in almost two months on Friday, while safe-haven assets such as bonds and the yen rose as a new virus variant, contributing to swirling concerns about future growth and higher US interest rates.
The variant, discovered by researchers in South Africa, may be able to avoid immune responses and has led the UK to quickly impose travel restrictions on South Africa.
fell 1[ads1]% in early trading, as did futures. fell 0.4%, while the risk-sensitive Australian and New Zealand dollars fell to a three-month low.
“The trigger was the news of this COVID variant … and the uncertainty of what it means,” said Ray Attrill, Head of Currency Strategy at the National Australia Bank (OTC) in Sydney. “You shoot first and ask questions later when this kind of news breaks out.”
was down 1.7% in early trading and Australian equities fell 0.6%. [.T][.AX]
MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific equities outside Japan fell 0.2% for a weekly fall of 1% and world equities, while still close to record highs, led to a weekly fall of 0.7%, the largest since the beginning of October .
Little is known about the new variant. However, researchers told reporters that it has a “very unusual constellation” of mutations, because they can help it avoid the body’s immune response and make it more transmissible.
British authorities believe it is the most important variant to date, and are concerned that it may resist vaccines.
Movements in government bonds were sharp in Tokyo – after the Thanksgiving party – as interest rates quickly withdrew some of the week’s rise. Benchmark 10-year interest rates fell 5 basis points to 1.5927%.
The yen jumped 0.4% to $ 114.91 per ounce and gold rose 0.2% to $ 1,792 per ounce. [FRX/][GOL/]
The measures come against a backdrop of concerns about the outbreak of covid-19, which is pushing restrictions on movement and activity in Europe, and as markets aggressively raise prices next year in the United States.
Fusion Media or anyone involved in Fusion Media will not accept any liability for loss or damage resulting from reliance on the information, including data, quotes, charts and buy / sell signals on this website. Be fully informed about the risks and costs associated with trading the financial markets, it is one of the most risky forms of investment possible.0
Read More: colorful wedding cakes, fun wedding cakes, pastel wedding cakes, polka dot wedding cakes, simple wedding cakes, striped wedding cakes, summer wedding cakes, whimsical wedding cakes
Let’s Celebrate! Wedding Cake
, it has polka dots and stripes. And the colors are so pretty together – just think of the fresh flowers you could add to the cake – gerbera daisies or little roses would be so stunning. I really love the simple beauty of the cake. It's modern and flirty and fun.
And really, aren't you happier just looking at this cake? I know I am!It is currently Fri Nov 26, 2021 7:01 pm
-
-
-
- Statistics
- Last post
- Dynasty League Discussion
General talk about Dynasty Leagues.Topics: 15358
- Topics: 15358
Posts: 453575
- Last post Re: Why not D'Andre Swift?
by Pullo Vision View the latest post
Fri Nov 26, 2021 6:06236
- Topics: 130236
Posts: 1139784
- Last post Barkley + or Dalvin ?
by Djg1996 View the latest post
Fri Nov 26, 2021 6:59
In total there are 35 users online :: 7 registered, 1 hidden and 27 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
Most users ever online was 4352 on Sat Sep 25, 2021 2:00 pm
Registered users: Bing [Bot], Djg1996, Gator Sens, Google [Bot], Google Adsense [Bot], jponte3, Ray Finkle
Legend: DLF Staff, Global moderators, Premium Members
Birthdays
No birthdays today
Statistics
Total posts 1927046 • Total topics 198181 • Total members 20504 • Our newest member ghostKitchenThe Missouri Botanical Garden and Gateway Arch National Park are two iconic and uniquely St. Louis institutions. These two landmarks are more closely linked than you may realize—intersecting at a critical moment that would dramatically reshape our city’s history and its riverfront.
We have learned more about the connection between the Garden and the Gateway Arch—analyzing newly-digitized historic images, poring through our archives, and working with the Missouri Historical Society and the National Park Service. As it turns out, the Garden and its founder played a sizeable role in the St. Louis riverfront for more than a century.
It Starts with Shaw
The Garden’s involvement in the riverfront starts with founder Henry Shaw, who came to St. Louis in 1819 and began making his fortune with a hardware business on North First Street. By the time of his death in 1889, Shaw owned about a dozen parcels in the footprint of the Gateway Arch grounds, and thousands of acres of land across the St. Louis area. He envisioned rent from these properties as an important source of income for the Garden, laying out those plans in his will and through an act of the Missouri General Assembly.
See also: Henry Shaw’s Failed Subdivision in Tower Grove Park
The Garden’s Board of Trustees would assume ownership of many of Shaw’s buildings and lands after his death. As landlord, the Board had a vested interest in keeping its properties in good shape and occupied by successful tenants, thereby playing a meaningful role in the development of the riverfront business district.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Photographs of the riverfront properties were taken in 1898 as part of an effort to document Garden-owned buildings. Those images, newly digitized from the Garden’s archives, include notes about rent prices and real estate deals. Similar information is also included in the Board’s annual reports.
Turn of the Century Tenants
Before the Gateway Arch rose above downtown, the area looked much different. Packed with riverboats, warehouses, and storefronts, this was where St. Louis did business. Grocers, fishmongers, fur traders, and manufacturers are just a small sampling of the riverfront businesses that would call the Garden “landlord” at the end of the 19th century.
One business, Eddy & Eddy, was a tenant for more than 40 years. Founded in 1879, it would move to a Garden-owned property at 500 North Main in 1894.
Although only associated with the Garden as a renter, Eddy & Eddy saw much of their success from the manufacture of plant-based pantry items such as fruit flavoring extracts, spices, mustard, catsup, and olive oil. Among its other notable products were baking powder, perfume, and wash blue, a laundry whitening agent.
“They transact a business amounting to $150,000 per annum ($4.1 million in today’s dollars) and require the services of thirty assistants about the house and a dozen traveling salesmen throughout the country.”
-Pen and Sunlight Sketches of St. Louis, 1892
The Garden would sell its building at 500 North Main to railroad interests a few years later. Today, that location is an outdoor amphitheater at the north end of the Arch grounds, and for years prior was the site of the Arch parking garage.
Determined not to lose Eddy & Eddy as a tenant, the Board of Trustees would tear down an old building at Main and Market, and build a six-story warehouse in its place. Eddy & Eddy moved there in 1903, and stayed until the Board of Trustees sold the property for the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial project.
Explore more: Search names, businesses, and addresses in St. Louis history using The Missouri Historical Society’s Genealogy and Local History Index.
Make Way for the Memorial
The riverfront real estate landscape began to change dramatically after the founding of the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial in 1935. The bold civic endeavor required clearing 40 city blocks, including the properties owned by the Garden. The reasoning at the time was that increase in rail traffic had moved the center of business away from the riverfront, making a less-than-ideal first impression for travelers coming across the Eads Bridge. The Board of Trustees’ own reports note the changing markets.
“Much of the revenue property of the Trust is located in the section near the river between Washington Avenue and Market Street, which at one time was the most valuable in the city, but the revenue from this property has been steadily declining for many years.”
-Annual Report, 1900
Gateway Arch National Park has its own archival photos of the area just before the demolition of the riverfront. By comparing the Garden’s images to those from the National Park Service you can see how the riverfront changed, or didn’t, in the span of about 40 years. One noticeable difference can be seen on the streets in front of these buildings, where cars replaced horse-drawn carts.
Among the properties set to be cleared for the Memorial was a Garden-owned building at 218 Chestnut. In 1939, the tenant was Nonpareil Manufacturing Company—makers of basketball hoops and punching bag stands. Faced with eviction for the Memorial project, the owner went to court for an extension and won. He argued it was his busy season, and moving at that time would dramatically hurt his business. Among the items in the National Park Service archives at the Old Courthouse is a Nonpareil pamphlet advertising its basketball hoops and other products.
The Garden’s own archive holds hundreds of documents dealing with the Memorial project—court filings, property appraisals, eviction notices, newspaper clippings. The Board of Trustees would eventually sell everything to the government by 1940, ending its more than a century of involvement on the St. Louis riverfront.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
The New Museum
Construction on the Arch began in 1963, opening to the public in 1965. The grounds and the museum underneath the Arch are in the midst of a massive renovation in celebration of the monument’s 50th anniversary.
Much like the old Museum of Westward Expansion, the new museum opening underneath the Arch in July 2018 highlights our city’s role in the westward expansion of the United States.
One new exhibit includes a replica of the St. Louis riverfront, much like Henry Shaw would have experienced it nearly 200 years ago. This heyday as a commercial hub helped make St. Louis the 4th largest city in America. For Shaw, it provided an opportunity to supply travelers with the goods they needed on their journey west—a financial foundation that would later blossom into the Missouri Botanical Garden.
Another exhibit focuses on the riverfront transition from business hub to Memorial grounds. See how St. Louis looked just before the area was razed. Learn more about the design competition that gave us the Arch, including a glimpse of the competing plans that ultimately lost out to Eero Saarinen’s towering steel structure.
Take the famous ride to the top, and peer down from 630 feet up. The rolling green lawn and sleek new museum entrance looks much different than the view would have been 100 years ago. Can you spot the places where Eddy & Eddy made their famous flavorings, or where Nonpareil was twisting basketball hoops until the very end? If you look off toward the southwest, you may even see Henry Shaw’s crowning jewel, the Missouri Botanical Garden.
More: Explore the Garden’s rental properties throughout St. Louis.
Cassidy Moody – Digital Media Specialist
2 Comments Add yours
Very informative do check out mine too😊😊Black Brant - 1 on the Fleet at Wyke Regis
Barnacle Goose - 13 at Middlebere Creek, later seen flying into Wareham Channel
Eider - 1 Portland Bill
Red-throated Diver - 22 Portland Bill
Black-throated Diver - 2 Portland Bill
Great Northern Diver - 2 Shell Bay
Red-necked Grebe - 1 still in Shell Bay
Black-necked Grebe - 2 in Portland Harbour from Castle Cove, 3 Shell Bay
Bittern - 1 Lodmoor
Spoonbill - 15 Brownsea, 6 yesterday in Holes Bay
Marsh Harrier - 5 at roost Lytchett Bay, 3 at Swineham, 2 -3 Middlebere, 1 Arne, 1 Little Sea Studland, 1 Brand's Bay, 1 Radipole
Merlin - 1 Arne
Great Bustard - 1 with radio transmitter at Buckland Ripers
Purple Sandpiper - 3 Portland Bill
Jack Snipe - 2 Christchurch Harbour (1 in the North Scrubs, 1 on Grimmery Point), 1 Lytchett Bay
Ring-billed Gull - 1 adult Radipole car park
Short-eared Owl - 1 at Arne
Richard's Pipit - 1 still in fields west of the Bridging Camp, Wyke Regis
Firecrest - 10+ in Abbotsbury Gardens, 1 Castle Cove
Late news from yesterday; a ringtail Hen Harrier was over the A35 near Askerswell, and a male Hen Harrier was at Middlebere.What You Should Know About E Liquid FOR THE Vaporizer
Vaporizing juice is really a popular method of introducing electronic cigarettes into the non-smoking world. It is more convenient to utilize than purchasing an actual pen or rolling the cigar. The only disadvantage of vapourising your personal juice is that you cannot keep a supply of liquid available for extended periods. With traditional cigarettes, it is possible to simply walk in and purchase a pack of cigarettes, refill it together with your favorite flavour and go out without having to think about smoking another cigarette. But, with vaporizing your own juice, there is absolutely no such thing as walking out of your home with one pack.
To enjoy your freshly mixed e liquid, you need to ensure that you utilize the best of liquid oils possible. As there are numerous flavours to choose from, you have to select the ones that you love the most. A lot of people who begin mixing their very own juices achieve this with a flavor they enjoy the most. However, as you get started you may find you want to explore other flavours. The only method to be certain you are getting the best mixture would be to experiment with several different combinations to see what you like the best.
If you are looking to develop a particular flavour, then you need to know how much e liquid to use in order to create the right flavour. Usually the flavours are put into three categories. The initial category may be the fruit and the second reason is spice. Some people only like a couple of of these and if you experiment with all three then you may be able to come up with a completely new flavour. After you have created your favourite flavour, you then are ready to take your first puff of your new e liquid.
Before you begin vaporizing your e juice, you should cleanse your system. This is very important because the e liquid tends to stick to your lungs when you start smoking and if it really is left for too long it will also damage your lungs. You can certainly do this by using some water and e-juice in a glass bowl. Warm it up slightly and then inhale the steam. If you are worried about the taste, then you can certainly always then add salt to the water so that you will won’t have to worry about this.
The 3rd and Vape final flavour you could create together with your Vaping Juice Kit is sugar. In case you are feeling adventurous you might want to try creating your personal sugar mixture as well. This can be done by mixing together one part liquid sugar to two parts of water and taking a short squirt. The end result is really a sweet and sugary taste that many people enjoy.
PG free juice can be made up of your vaporizing kit aswell. If you have been utilizing an e liquid that contains propylene glycol, then you will want to avoid creating these blends. The key reason why is because it usually is absorbed through your lips and will leave an awful chemical aftertaste. Instead of going for this alternative, opt for a product that will they think is fine for his or her tastes and then they go ahead and mix in a few propylene glycol. Once the mixing is complete, they realize that they will have just received a throat hit. Nicotine is highly toxic and will cause death within just a few hours of being in contact with any substance. As such, it is imperative that any user of vaporing juice understand why fact before using it.
They are some of the dangers you have to be aware of if you are going to decide to juice. Hopefully this article has provided you with enough information to assist you determine if this is something that would benefit you or not. When you are still thinking about vaping, then be sure you read up on the subject further to determine if it would be a good choice for you. A vaporizer is a wonderful way to get a great tasting juice without having to worry about what the chemical content may be in the juice itself. This is important because you do not want any unwanted side effects.Copper pipes according to European standards
The plant in Serravalle Scrivia (Alessandria) is one of the most important and advanced in Europe.
Since March 2016, Serravalle Copper Tubes is part of the TREFIMETAUX group, which includes the French plants at Givet and Niederbrück as well as tubes division at the Italian plant in Serravalle Scrivia, which has been working as part of the KME group for years. As a result of this structuring, a state-of-the-art, specialised reality has been created in Europe in the copper tubes sectors for industrial and sanitary ware applications, as well as copper bars.
” – considered by the leaders of the company. Serravalle Copper Tubes has the highest level of quality management, with undoubted positive repercussions for more “standard” products such as copper tubes for plumbing use.
Copper tubes for heating (coils and straight lengths; non-insulated and pre-insulated)
Copper tubes for Air conditioning (coils and straight lengths; non-insulated and pre-insulated copper tubes with insulating sheath with UV protection; pre-insulated copper tubes with insulating sheath without UV protection)
Copper tubes for hot and cold drinking water (coils and straight lengths)
Copper tubes for refrigerant gas transportation, transport of medical gases (coils and straight lengths; non-insulated and pre-insulated)
Copper tubes for industry
Download the SCTubes catalog
Fill out the form below with your details and download the latest SCTubes catalog!
Create an Account - Increase your productivity, customize your experience, and engage in information you care about.
Join Santa and Mayor Westcamp for A Heritage Holiday on December 11 from 5pm - pm at Heritage Park, 551 Wirt Rd, Groveport! There will be FREE activities for the whole family, including the official tree lighting with music by Mrs. Claus, visits with Santa, food trucks, horse and carriage rides, ice carvings, kids craft tent, adorable farm animals, cookies & hot chocolate, and much more! Mark your calendars and join the fun!
The food trucks will be Phillips on Wheels and Joseppi's Pizza!Platinum Metals: A Lightbulb Moment
Platinum Metals: A Lightbulb MomentPosted:
The Platinum Group Metals’ unique properties make them crucial in many industrial processes – often due to a chance discovery
The Platinum Group Metals (PGMs) – platinum, palladium, rhodium, ruthenium, iridium and osmium – are a family of six individual elements that are chemically, physically and anatomically similar. They have unique properties and are used in many industrial processes – making, for example, auto-components, electronics, fertilizer and glass – as well as in medical treatments.
Scientists began to identify PGMs as individual metals during the early 19th century, and some of their most significant applications were only discovered as a result of notable ‘light bulb moments’.
For example, a PGM alloy is used as a catalyst to make nitric acid, a key component of fertilizer, in a chemical reaction known as ‘the Ostwald process’ after the pioneering work of Nobel Prize-winning chemist Wilhelm Ostwald in 1901.
By identifying platinum’s catalytic properties when converting ammonia to nitric acid, Ostwald paved the way for the modern, large-scale production of fertilizer which today uses a platinum-rhodium gauze to make the process more efficient and effective. Around 90 per cent of nitrogen manufactured with this gauze goes towards producing the c.190m tonnes of fertilizer nutrients used each year.
Platinum also has cancer-fighting properties that were discovered by accident in the 1960s, when Cisplatin, a widely used anti-cancer drug, was inadvertently produced during experiments into the effect of electric fields on bacterial growth.
From light bulb moments to LEDs
A high-intensity, low-energy chip on board LED
Such is their versatility, PGMs are also used to make crucibles – they provide the necessary high melting point, mechanical strength and resistance to chemical attack. Crucibles are cylindrical utensils for growing a variety of crystals by pulling a single crystal from a pool of molten salts. There are five main types of crystal grown using crucibles, with applications ranging from lasers to electronic components.
In fact, iridium crucibles are used to grow sapphire crystals to make light-emitting diodes (LEDs), tiny light bulbs that fit easily into an electric circuit. LEDs have no filament and last far longer than ordinary incandescent bulbs, which ‘burn out’ in months rather than years.
LED light bulbs have enabled many new technological advances over the last twenty years including backlighting for mobile phone displays and flat screen televisions.
Posted with permission of World Platinum Investment Council. As of June 18, 2019.Borla 2016-2020 Chevy Camaro V6 AT/MT ATAK Rear Section Exhaust w/o Dual Mode Valves
Description2016-2020 Chevrolet Camaro 3.6L V6 Automatic/ Manual Transmission Rear Wheel Drive 2 Door With Dual Mode Exhaust. Part# Product Type... read more
- Description
- Additional information
- Reviews (0)
- Add a review
Description
This system comes with four tips but does NOT have the dual mode valves. You may use this system on vehicles that came from the factory with singe tips but you must change the rear bumper valance to accommodate the dual tips.
- 44.25 lbs
- Dimensions
- 44.2 × 25.8 × 11.5 in
Reviews (0)
Related products
Invidia HS02N3ZGID-TIP Gemini Titanium Rolled-Tip Cat Back Exhaust Nissan (Tip only) 350Z 2003-2009
Catback / Axle Back 116.67$ + Add to cart
Borla 140482 Cat-Back™ Exhaust S-Type Dodge Challenger SE/ SXT V6 2011-2014
Catback / Axle Back 1,558.99$ + Add to cart
Borla 140435 Cat-Back™ Exhaust S-Type Challenger SRT-8 2011-2014
Catback / Axle Back 1,596.99$ + Add to cart
Borla 15-17 Volkswagen GTI (MK7) 2.0T AT/MT SS S-Type Catback Exhaust w/Black Chrome Tips
Catback / Axle Back 836.99$ + Add to cart
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Iathrim
(Redirected from Elves of Doriath)
The Iathrim.
The Marchwardens were those Elves assigned to guarding the borders of the forest of Doriath.[1]
After the Ruin of Doriath, Elwing led the survivors to the Mouths of Sirion.
[edit] Etymology
Iathrim is Sindarin for "People of the Fence", as is a compound of iath ("fence") and the class-plural suffix -rim.[2]
References
-. 378Sofia Self build granny annex
Sofia
Self Build Log Buildings
Floor area: 25 m2 - Nett Floor area of building: 23 m2
This garden log building will blend in well with any garden space and is a great home when it comes to elderly loved ones simply because they will continue to have there very own space along with a level of privacy away from the busy main house, but at the same time it will give you peace of mind because they are at hand in case anything at all arises.
This lovely granny annex can be altered so it will be better suited to meet your requirements.Noah Ebije, Kaduna
Barely 72 hours after Kaduna High Court had granted the embattled Shiites leader, Ibraheem Zakzaky and his wife, Zeenat, bail to travel outside the country for medical attention, the Kaduna State government has given conditions that must be fulfilled before it would allow them to travel to India for medical treatment.
In a statement issued in Kaduna on Wednesday evening, the state Commissioner for Internal Security and Home Affairs, Samuel Aruwan, said although the state government would appeal the ruling of the Kaduna High Court allowing El Zakzaky to travel to India for treatment, it would not seek a stay of execution because it believes that people should have access to treatment.
Kaduna State government is prosecuting El Zakzaky and his wife on an eight-count charge, including culpable homicide punishable with death.
He was granted leave by the state High Court to travel to India for treatment.
But in a statement issued in Kaduna, the statement government set out certain conditions to be met by El Zakzaky and his wife before they would be allowed to travel outside the country.
Some of the conditions set out by the state government include: The confirmation of his appointment with the hospital by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, an undertaking by the defendants to produce two prominent and reliable persons as sureties, one being a first class chief/emir of national repute and the other a prominent person within Kaduna State who shall undertake to produce the defendants whenever they were needed.
The Kaduna State government noted that .
That “each of the defendants/applicants shall undertake in writing, endorsed by their counsel, that while on medical treatment in India, they shall do nothing to jeopardise the ongoing trial, the peace and security of Nigeria and the laws of the Republic of India in whatever form.”
The text of the statement is titled:
- The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Federal Republic of Nigeria shall confirm the appointments of the defendants/applicants with the Medanta Hospital, India, and undertake all necessary diplomatic arrangements and protocols to ensure compliance with the conditions of the medical leave.
-.
- Security agents of the Federal Government of Nigeria shall escort the defendants/applicants and remain with them throughout the duration of their treatment in India and thereafter shall return with them after their discharge from the hospital.
-.
- Following the clashes, IMN leader Malam Ibrahim El-Zakzaky and his wife, Zeenah Ibrahim, were arrested by the Nigerian Army and passed to the custody of the federal authorities.
- On 29th January 2016, the Kaduna State Government constituted a Judicial Commission of Inquiry into the matter. The 13-member commission of inquiry was chaired by Justice Mohammed Lawal Garba of the Court of Appeal.
-”.
- The Judicial Commission of Inquiry also recommended the proscription of the IMN, noting its disregard for the Constitution and the laws of the Nigerian state.
- The Kaduna State Government accepted these findings of the Judicial Commission of Inquiry and commenced the processes for prosecuting Mr. El-Zakzaky.
- In October 2016, the Kaduna State Government declared the IMN an unlawful society, drawing on powers vested by Section 45 (1) of the Constitution and Section 97A of the Penal Code (Cap 110, Laws of Kaduna State, 1991).
- While in the custody of the Federal Government, Mr. El-Zakzaky’s counsels filed a case against the Federal Government for the enforcement of his fundamental rights at the Federal High Court.
-.
- In 2018, the Federal Government eventually acceded to the Kaduna State Government’s request for the transfer of Mr. and Mrs. El-Zakzaky from its custody to facilitate their proper arraignment before the Kaduna State High Court.
-:
- Criminal Conspiracy
- Culpable Homicide punishable with death
- Unlawful Assembly
- Wrongful restraint
- Disturbance of public peace
- Voluntarily causing grievous hurt
- Inciting disturbance
- Breach of Public Peace
- The eight-count charge in The State versus El-Zakzaky (KDH/KAD/60c/2018) were filed under Sections 59,47, 66, 77, 73, 222 and 78 of the Penal Code Law of Kaduna State.
-.
- The substantive charge was adjourned sine die with the agreement of all counsels representing the State and the defendants upon the assignment of the trial judge to duties at the Election Tribunal.
-.”Section 99. Removal of doubts. For the removal of doubts, it is hereby declared that, save as otherwise expressly provided in sub-section (3) of section 96, nothing contained in this Scheme shall be construed as conferring any benefit, concession or immunity on the declarant in any proceedings other than those in relation to which the declaration has been made.Dreaming about Ingoldmells? From year-long stays to overnight mini-breaks, ebookers are the true experts in travel planning.
With an extensive database of over 500 partner airlines and more than 500,000 worldwide properties, you'll have plenty of choices wherever you're escaping to.
We also offer our Price Guarantee. That is, if you happen to spot a cheaper Flight + Hotel deal elsewhere within 48 hours pre check in, we'll meet it and repay the difference.
Whether you're seeking a vibrant metropolis or the solitude of a remote hideaway, we can help you kindle.Get excited! Merit’s first ever sale… is coming soon! 😀
Visit Merit’s website, subscribe to their newsletter for exclusive early access – and stay tuned to Glossense! I’ll be here to keep you in the know when it launches. 😉
Stack your freebies and extra savings!
★ Free Signature Bag with every first order.
★ No duties to Canada.
★ Free shipping when you spend $50 or more. A savings of $15!️Difference between revisions of "User:Hiteshsofat/GSoc15/log development"
Revision as of 13:45, 4 June 2015
Contents.SLA Management In BPM–Can It Really Help You?
Not all employees are the same. Different people do work at different paces and different levels of quality. But an organization cannot accept that kind of inconsistent output, especially when there are critical processes at stake. So, how do you ensure that the work your employees do is of the quality that you need?
Here are four types of employees that you’re bound to have in the workplace. Do any of them sound familiar when it comes to meeting deadlines?
Wanda Needs Constant Motivation
Wanda isn’t against working, but she does need to be constantly reminded again and again about what tasks she has, and what priority each task has.
One problem Wanda has is that sometimes, she doesn’t understand the task given to her. This means that she needs to ask around for how to do the task. Sometimes she could be nervous, other times shy, but this lack of communication prevents her from doing her tasks.
One way to overcome this is to ensure that with every task that Wanda is given, she has more than enough information to complete the task – the more clarity about the task, the better. This way, you can keep Wanda occupied and reminded of all the tasks that she has to do.
Liam, The Buck Passer
Where Wanda will work when given instructions and reminders, Liam is an over-communicator. He constantly misses deadlines, but will never admit to it being his fault. Whenever work comes to him, he almost always finds some flaw in the information that allows him to delay actually acting on it. Liam sends an email requesting additional information, and then lets the item rot through its digital halflife.
To handle Liam, you need an airtight communication system around your workflows. Rather than jumping out of the platform to send an email, Liam needs to be able to send a quick instant message to the previous approver within the workflow software. This means less reasons for Liam to put off his tasks.
Paulo, The Master Procrastinator
Paulo knows how to get the job done. And he’s interested in getting it done as well. But the problem with Paulo is that he’s a bit too confident about himself, thinking that he can get everything done at the last moment.
Paulo’s problem is that he gets distracted easily. He easily forgets that there are other tasks in his queue that he needs to take care of. An email that says “This item is due in 2 days,” may as well say “Don’t worry about this one, Paulo.”
For Paulo, what he really needs are the urgent notifications that let him know when an item is actually due. With an advanced workflow system, you should be customize when notifications go out and make sure that Paulo’s are always on the urgent side and not too far ahead.
Mio, The Go-Getter
Mio thoroughly enjoys her work. So much so, that she goes above and beyond the call of duty, sometimes with unfavorable outcomes.
Mio always finishes her work beforehand. In addition, she takes work that isn’t necessarily ready for her, and without proper instruction, does it to the best of her ability.
Although this can sound like a good thing, if something is marked as finished without the proper details completed, she can cause slowdowns, even if she did something with the best intentions.
To help Mio make the most of her perfectionist mentality, her superiors can make sure to throttle the tasks coming to her so that she can’t get them early. If they want to encourage her go-getter spirit, she can be included with others on work that goes to the first person who completes it. This will allow her to shine by taking on a bigger load.
This is SLA Management
What you’ve just read is an example of how SLA management can help you handle different types of employees. SLA management in your workflow apps ensures that you can constantly monitor your employees to see whether they’re underperforming or overperforming, and give them help accordingly.
If you’ve got critical business processes, you don’t want them getting stuck in bottlenecks due to poor management. It will slow down the process for everyone. Using app metrics from platforms like kissflow, you can decide whether you need to make adjustments to workflows and notifications, or if someone just isn’t cutting it.
SLA Management happens at every stage of every process. There are different employees at each and every stage that need to be monitored. In many cases, employees are underperforming because of an inefficient or unclear process. You can find the same data using platforms like kissflow. If you find an inefficient process, you can use the available data on hand to correct it, or replace it altogether.
Using Kissflow Process, you can get all this data automatically; there’s no need for third party add-ons and learning curves. SLA management is made that much more simple.Will work our way up to Gdansk from Prague taking 3 weeks.We will then need to get back quickly to Prague- overnite train best option, or bus ? Thought about doing Malbork castle in am from Gdansk then later in the day catching if possible an overnite train to get back to Prague the following day am or mid pm. Is this feasible,any thoughts?
The night train is not a great option as it is a long way around. Train to Krakow, then the night train to Prague, 15 hours. There is a train from Malbork at 12:16 pm that will get you to Prague at 22:20.
Hi,
Are you pressed for time? You have two night train options to choose from. Gdansk to Krakow can be done by night train, as well as Krakow to Prague. I would not have any problems with either one. But if you're into the geography from Gdansk to Krakow, I would suggest doing that route by day, you go through some pretty historical places upon leaving Gdansk.
Do you sleep easily when there are ear-splitting noises, constant shaking and bright lights shining in your face? Personally, I don't. After two night trains where I never got a minute of sleep, I swore off them forever. Life's too short to be a walking zombie for the next three days on your trip. Just my 2 eurocents.
Despite the extra expense, I'd probably fly back. I don't see any direct flights, but you can fly back via Warsaw. In fact, if there's any way to end in Warsaw, you can fly from there to Prague direct for about $200 USD.
Just wanted to make the best use of our time, and as we will work our way up from Prague to Gdansk we will see the countryside then-hence the idea of using an evening or nite train to get back to Prague and save one nites hotel cost.
There will be an extra expense for a couchette or sleeping-car berth on any night train. I'm with David: Go for a budget hotel room instead rather than risking the misery of a sleepless night and the day after.
Yes, the 12:16 from Malbork has a change at Ostrava-Svinov.
checked on Does this sound like a reasonable route;
Gdansk to Malbork am Thursday 25 to visit castle. Then take 14:18 train from Malbork to Krakow arriving at 19:15. From Krakow to Prague take 22:42 ,change at Ceska Trebova then 6:02 onto Prague arr 7:36am. ? Would buying tickets a few days early upon our arrival in Gdansk work (this will be near end of October)? Thanks for help.
You are asking us if it is reasonable? You have to ask your self that question.
You are getting off a night train at Ceska Trebova and changing to a train that gets to Prague an hour earlier into Prague than the night train you just got off of. What are you going to do in Prague at 7:30 am that you could not do at 8:30 am? If you are trying to get a plane, why not fly from Gdansk?
Not quite sure why the night train (EN 442) takes 2 hours to get to Prague from Pardubice, where the train right behind it (IC 546) takes only 1 hour. You want to change to that train at Ceska Trebova at 5:54, why not at Bohumin at 3:51 am, or at Pardubice at 6:29 am? If you get a sleeping compartment on the EN 442, why get out of bed at 5:30 am, when you can stay on and sleep in until 8 am, arriving just an hour later.
That's why I am checking things . Sort out issues before getting there. Getting into Prague early not a big issue .
Changing at 0602 hrs is not a bad option. It's already daylight, I would have no problem arriving in a city or changing at that time, ie, have taken night trains where I got in at a little after 0600 hrs.
Hi,
I overlooked your comment that this journey will be at the end of Oct. At 0600 it's barely daylight but the food vendors shops, etc in the stations are opening up. If you have light luggage, certainly not encumbered by it, the ride is very doable. I certainly would.
Praha hl n is a big modern, up to date station, tech wise, etc reminds me of stations in Austria, all the different shops, food vendors, etc. The signs and announcements are made/written in 3 languages.
Thanks-sounds reasonable. Working on packing light! Appreciate your comments.Available: Usually ships in 3-5 business days
Format: CD
item number: 375K<<
Daft Punk - Give Life Back to Music (Official Audio) (Music Video)
Daft Punk - The Game of Love (Official Audio) (Music Video)
CD Details
- Released: May 21, 2013
- Originally Released: 2013
- Label: Sony
Entertainment Reviews:
Rolling Stone - pp.71-724 stars out of 5 -- "[T]hey've built a record more less wholly on live instrumentation. Its brilliance is often irrefutable..."
Entertainment Weekly - p.81"If EDM is turning humans into robots, Daft Punk are working hard to make robot pop feel human again." -- Grade: A
Entertainment Weekly"In which two Frenchmen join robot-funk forces with the likes of Nile Rodgers, Pharrell, and Julian Casablancas, and go from cult heroes to Grammy kings..."
CMJ."
Q (Magazine) - p.895 stars out of 5 -- "Above all, this gargantuan, generous, out-of-control record performs disco's oldest trick, which is to conjure up happiness with a tiny kernel of melancholy."
Mojo (Publisher) - p.834 stars out of 5 -- "[A] musically satisfying work, which reflects the bittersweet, slightly unhinged nature of existence in all its miraculous illogic..."
Tracks:
-
Product Description:, Kathleen Sloan , Rita Weber, Olivia Tsui, Kevin Connolly , Carrie Kennedy, Lisa M. Sutton , Sam Fischer ,. ~ Heather Phares
Daft PunkTron: Legacy
$10
SkrillexScary Monsters & Nice Sprites
$6.20 Super Savings
RatatatLP4
$27.60
Men, Women, & ChildrenMen, Women & Children
$5.98 on Sale
PendulumImmersion [Import]
$12.98 on Sale
The WeekndStarboy
$14.60
Pharrell WilliamsG I R L
$6.98 on Sale
GorillazDemon Days
$11.80
Similar Products
Genres:
Music Categories:
Product Info
PrincePurple Rain (CD)
$12.98 on Sale
Daft PunkDiscovery (CD)
$16.30
Michael JacksonThe Essential Michael Jackson (2-CD)
$14.50
PinkGreatest Hits...So Far!!! (CD)
$8.20
PinkThe Truth About Love (CD)
$7.70
Britney SpearsFemme Fatale (CD)
$8.20
OneRepublicNative (CD)
$17.99 on Sale
"Weird Al" YankovicGreatest Hits Volume 1 (CD)
$7 Super Savings
Interstella 5555
$14.50
Discovery
$16.30
Tron: Legacy
$10
(240+)
Tron: Legacy
$8.40 Super Savings
(496,000+)
Tron: Legacy (Blu-ray + DVD)
$11.70 Super Savings
(496,000+)Educommons, roadmap educommons June 12, 2019 Improvement Proposals for eduCommons Title Category Modified Status Target Release Installers (Linux-flavors, Windows, and Mac) Architecture 2009-01-07 16:19:30 in-progress Unit tests and functional tests Architecture 2009-01-07 16:27:32 in-progress Global Find and Replace Architecture 2009-01-07 16:30:58 in-progress Refactor RSS Architecture 2009-05-27 09:08:02 in-progress 3.2.1-final Refactor IMS Architecture 2009-03-05 12:25:48 in-progress 3.2.0-eng Push site to static HTML Architecture 2009-01-07 17:24:39 in-progress Leftskin (eduCommons skinning) Improvements User interface 2009-01-07 17:26:23 in-progress Expand large file support User interface, Architecture 2009-01-07 17:28:00 in-progress Improved eduCommons versioning and tracking Architecture 2009-01-07 17:29:35 in-progress Refactor roles Architecture 2009-01-07 17:30:55 in-progress Contextual Help User interface, Architecture 2009-01-07 17:32:34 in-progress Refactor Multimedia Support User interface, Architecture 2009-01-07 17:34:39 in-progress Delete confirmation User interface, Architecture 2009-01-07 17:47:56 being-discussed Framework for HTML snippets support User interface, Architecture 2009-01-07 17:57:14 being-discussed Machine Translation via Lingua Plone User interface, Architecture 2009-01-07 17:58:48 being-discussed Allow import/export of courses to/from Moodle User interface, Architecture 2009-05-28 06:37:54 in-progress 3.2.1-final Usability Study Preparation, Testing, Analysis, and Reporting Architecture 2009-01-07 18:03:11 being-discussed Existing Bug fixes User interface, Architecture 2009-03-04 10:28:57 in-progress 3.2.0-eng Load Testing User interface, Architecture 2009-01-08 10:19:21 in-progress Documentation User interface 2009-05-19 11:24:45 in-progress 3.2.1-final Allow sortable contents lists User interface 2009-01-08 12:38:10 in-progress 3.2.0 eduCommons Course Import/Export for WordPress Architecture 2009-01-13 15:41:57 in-progress Migration of eduCommons project site Architecture 2009-03-06 14:16:55 in-progress Integration of OAI code and Open Search plugin Architecture 2009-05-04 07:41:41 in-progress 3.2.1-final Dynamically add course name to title tags for SEO purposes Architecture 2009-04-08 17:13:36 being-discussedIn general, we recommend double-checking all the details and files before processing to check out. If, however, you found a mistake in the file or address, or need to cancel the order due to other reasons, it is possible only if the order hasn't been sent to printing. If the status of the order is other than "New" (either "Printed" or "Shipped"), it's not possible to change or cancel the order, it will be printed anyway.
Usually, we send all files to production at midnight in the region of production, thus, there is a higher probability to cancel the order on the same day it was placed. However, during the peak season, which is from October to December, we start uploading print jobs 2 times a day, thus, it might not be possible to cancel the order on the same day.
You can cancel orders using our dedicated APIs or through the Gelato Dashboard.
Tip: Read more on order flow and status here.Help me survive a 6hr tattoo session. While the pain probably won’t be an issue for some, most of us will be looking to be prepared to deal with it.
learnjapanese Japanese phrases, Japanese quotes, Learn
Try to close yourself out as much as you can.
How to distract yourself from pain while getting a tattoo. It’s no wonder tattoos cause pain, as some of them take hours to complete. Getting a tattoo will hurt, but people have different pain thresholds, so it’s hard to predict exactly how painful your tattoo will be. Whatever is distracting to you that doesn’t cause movement.
It is not easier to feel relax when the tattoo instruments are about to hit your skin. Getting tattooed actually burns a lot of calories depending on how long the session goes, so make sure to fill up so you have energy to burn get a good nights sleep you need a lot of energy to sit through a tattoo. And the best way to do that is to get educated beforehand.
She’s been getting tattoos for a decade and has experience managing tattoo pain in addition to chronic pain. Distract yourself during the process, like listening to music. When getting a tattoo, the pain can be unimaginable.
If you can't handle pain, you may want to reconsider getting a tattoo. The more rest you get the night before, the longer you can hold through the pain while getting a tattoo. While some exceptions exist, in general:
How much pain you'll feel while getting a tattoo depends. Keep your mind distracted from the pain by listening to music or chatting with the artist if they’re ok with it. While some exceptions exist, in general:
Help me survive a 6hr tattoo sessionapril 28, 2015 5:33 am subscribe. Examples of tattoo numbing creams that we have known customers to use with very mixed results include dr numb, emla and ametop. And a lot of us use topical anesthetics to make the tattoo less painful.
There are a variety of topical pain relief options available that come in two forms; Here you need to calm yourself. Generally, fleshy areas like the outer thigh are less.
The best thing to do if you have never gotten one is to prepare yourself. As exciting as getting a new tattoo might be, the process takes a lot of patience. 2) numbing creams and topical anesthetics.
It depends on how you react to pain and how the tattooist like to work—some people wince the entire time, some people enjoy a pleasant chat with the artist to keep their mind off of what's going on. Lbr, some places just plain hurt more than others. Still, try getting a headphone that has good noise isolation as sometimes, even the noise of a tattoo machine is enough to scare someone of the pain.
Ask for recommendation on skin numbing creams. The options are either have it drawn all at once, or split it into multiple sessions, leaving adequate healing time in between. If a large or elaborate tattoo is what you’re aiming for, you have a few options of how to go about it.
Make sure that you’re not sick, as being ill can make you more sensitive to pain. What to do while getting a tattoo? In fact, many of us with tattoos still get butterflies and worry about our pain tolerance.
I like to read, it keeps my mind busy and not thinking about it. The pain level of your tattoo experience can also be affected by what, exactly, you're getting put onto your body. Everyone has a different pain threshold, and pain is part of the whole experience.
If you're looking to ease up on the pain, do your best to avoid a few of the most painful tattoo placements, like the elbow, forearm, or head. I doubt you'd actually be able to read a book and it would be pretty rude to listen to an ipod. Artists expect this, and are understanding of the fact that you are in pain as they place their art on your body.
After 6 months of research, consultations and sketching, i'm finally getting the bad tattoo on my right arm covered with a beautiful big one next week. Many people choose to have the whole tattoo done at once, but long tattoo. Creams used prior to tattooing and solutions used once the skin is broken.
The smaller and simpler a tattoo is, the less painful it will be. Here are 8 tips to help you prepare for and sit through your next tattoo. Take a few deep breaths, talk to others, distracts your mind off the process or chat with the tattoo artists.
It gives you a panic which adds to your pain. You should be paying attention to what's being done to your body! This type of pain can be easily ignored, so make sure to distract yourself while getting tattooed.
What can i do to endure the discomfort? Now, adrenaline numbs the tattooed area, making the pain appear dull or as appearing somewhere in the background. The more you think about it, the more painful it seems.
Some like to listen to music, some meditate, some watch videos or. There are both mental and physical ways to get through tattoo pain, and we’ve rounded up six of the most effective. The first session may last up to 6 hours.
There are many ways to distract from the pain of the tattoo needle.
current mood when stuck in a CE course all day Friday 😴
43 best Rafiki images on Pinterest Disney lion king
DDLC redditbooru Doki doki anime, Menina kawaii, Anime
Done by Elisa Rodriguez Arauz at Master Tattoo (Valencia
How to Deal with an Awkward Conversation Awkward
John Oliver ripped into the Washington Redskins on Sunday’s “Last Week Tonight” over a legal appeal the team filed after a judge ruled to cancel the team’s trademark as their name is offensive.
Lawyers for the NFL team filed a new suit citing other potentially offensive names that the government has not taken any issue with. Oliver delighted in rattling off a few of his favorites, including “Slutseeker dating services,” “Capitalism Sucks Donkey Balls,” and “Hot Octopuss anti-premature ejaculation creams,” among many more.
“I forgot to mention, if you have children in the room, they should have left before the previous 30 seconds,” the HBO host joked.
Also Read: Donald Trump Was Never Invited on John Oliver's HBO Show, Comedian Clarifies
Also Read: Donald Trump Was Never Invited on John Oliver's HBO Show, Comedian Clarifies
Oliver also rejected the team’s claim in their appeal that “Just about everything is potentially disparaging to someone.”
“A: No, it isn’t. And B: That’s not the fucking point,” Oliver said. “The word ‘Redskins’ isn’t potentially disparaging to someone. It is currently disparaging to specific individuals.”Online Courses After 12th Admission 2021-22: After passing 12th class board exams from any recognized board of intermediate and secondary education of India, there are many courses to be opted for by the candidates. All across the country, many universities offer admittance in many glorious online degree programs. These programs include BA, B.Sc, B.COM, BBA & B.TECH in distinct streams with various specializations.
The scope of all these courses is increasing day by day due to the development of the country. Many new and latest degree programs are being the intro to the young-minded people of our country. Many courses & programs are being offered in environments, sociology, fashion designing, mass communication, and arts.
Suggested University
Online Courses After 12th Admission 2022-23
Some of the courses that one can complete in one day include. An intro to Consumer Neuroscience and Neuromarketing, Global Diplomacy, Child Nutrition and Cooking, Understanding research method, etc. The main courses student should learn after 12th class is below:
- Graphic Designing: Try to learn the skills of graphic design. Graphic design has a high scope. Such as many companies that want to make their logo and banners. Many companies are offering the best jobs for graphic designers. The essential software for graphic design is Abode Photoshop.
- Online MBA: This course is offered by many institutes in India. It has a full syllabus like an MBA program.
- Programming: It is a vital source of the development of apps and websites. It consists of algorithms. This field is for those interested in the algorithm. You have the best choice to select this course. It has a broader scope in the modern world.
The degree courses offered in Fashion Designing cover the complete syllabus of various subjects in Fashion Designing. Where diploma courses provide brief information about some basic issues, degree courses cover specific topics in detail. The degree courses offered in Indian fashion design institutes are mostly three to four years and are available in most fashion design institutes. While diploma courses provide their share of jobs and good opportunities, degree courses are considered more prestigious than diploma courses and have good prospects.
Advantages of Online Courses After 12th
- There has recently been a lot of interest in online courses. Now there have been various new institutes and portals on the market, which deliver job-oriented online programs. Online services are available anywhere and at any time, including the workplace, school, home, and even during your travel.
- You can use the tablet, smartphone, laptop, and PC to access the contents of this course. It’s not the usual classroom at all.
- You may have seen or heard this notion that online material is not profound and dull. You’re mistaken if you have this thought in your mind.
- Online courses are planned and well built. The system online is fun, not dull. There are PG courses online, certificates, diplomas, and diploma courses, as stated earlier.
- Usually, there will be no more than 3-6 months of online certificate courses. Diploma online courses typically take from 6-12 months. Online graduation programs usually take 1-3 years. Postgraduate online courses might be from 6 to 24 months anywhere.
Scope of Online Courses After 12th
- Find online courses and graduate online using online and remote learning! You can scan universities and colleges worldwide for online training, online classes, online training courses, and e-learning possibilities from this page.
- Online training will provide you with many benefits such as a personalized timetable, new learning tools, gaining applicable information. You can learn about the courses at any time. So you don’t have to worry about it. E-learning and online education are now becoming important forms of post-secondary education.
- Some online courses are longer than traditional courses, so certification is awarded to you as well. And you can take here many free online courses anytime.
List of Best Online Courses After 12th
Graphic Designing
Online Courses After 12th: If you have always been fascinated by the vision of blank papers and drawing plumes and you enjoy much of your leisure time drawing. It’s time to learn and take your hobby to another stage and study online graphic design.
Data Analysis
Online Courses After 12th: You can learn about data analysis and can do an online business. According to that, you will make more informed business decisions through the study of transferring data and other types of data. Many organizations and online business schools offer big data and business analysis courses to teach you about data creation, testing, and analysis.
Online MBA
Online MBA Courses After 12th: These days, online MBA programs, particularly for experts who cannot even complete a full-time MBA, are very common.
Different highly ranked institutes offer online MBA programs. The only difference is that online MBA courses are shorter and have flexible hours to promote professional training. Their curriculum is similar to a full-time MBA program.
Social Media Marketing
If you have a company, you have to speak to the world, and how could the information other than via social media be best disseminated? You can easily apply for the online social media marketing course.
Social media marketing can promote your company online through social media platforms such as Facebook or Twitter. Everyone is using social media today. So you can start a social media marketing business. That will help you to earn extra income if you are already working in a company.
Programming
Programming is a key component of website growth. There are different language services to learn—programmers code algorithms in languages to run a program successfully. You have to learn how to do programming online. Then you can help other people to solve complex codes on the computer, or you can run programming code on a website.
Language Course
You will get extra points on your CV when you already have a foreign language certificate. It also allows you to develop vocabulary and skills for interaction. With online courses open, it’s no longer a distant dream to learn any foreign language of your choosing.
So register early for your favourite courses in a foreign language. Learning a foreign language might also support you get a translator’s job done.
App Development
Can you remember the last time you order online or book tickets using your desktop? Because for every job, such as food shopping, news reading, and booking cabins, you have used mobile apps. Study how to software production and create creative applications for ordinary people.
Video Making
Students interested in issues behind the camera can enrol in filmmaking and learn the basics online. Those who have always been keen on filmmaking but could not pursue a career in this film can take a short online training course and learn know-how in directing their short films and movies.
Human Resource Management
If you can, especially the ability to manage and collaborate with staff, you have good management skills. So you can pursue human resource management.
That is an area in which the competition for work is often strong, and it can be rewarding to show your role. You have to find an online course for successful HR management. Many remotes jobs are available online, so you can apply for a remote position if you don’t want to work in a company. It is simple also easy too.
Photography
For any form of work, either personal or professional, good photographs are needed. You want high-quality images of yourself and your friends to post them on social networks. When you travel, you will click on good photos. So if you are running an e-commerce shop, you want decent pictures for your items.
Creative Writing
You can go to creative writing courses online to create stories with anything else in your mind. Creative writing courses are beneficial to shape the method of writing marvelously written articles and readable stories.
You may also become an independent author for various websites or bag a position at a successful writing company.
Online Digital Marketing
Digital Marketing is a product and services marketing field using digital technology, including the internet, computer and mobile, and other digital media. Digital Marketing course consists of various subjects such as Content Marketing, Search Engine Optimization, Social Media Marketing, Search Engine Marketing, E-Mail Marketing, Web Designing, E-Commerce, Data Analytics, Graphics Designing and more.
Due to the world’s dramatic digitalization, this field became a vast growing stream of study and employment generation. Various institutions provide diploma and certificate courses in the digital marketing stream.
- Eligibility: Digital Marketing Program do not require any minimum qualification criteria. Students with basic computer and internet knowledge can opt for this course.
- Duration: 3-12 Months
- Fee: 25,000 to 50,000 INR
Part-time Online Courses After 12th
- Digital Marketing
- Ethical Hacking
- Computer Hardware and Networking
- Programming
- Android App Development
- Online courses after the 12th are you going through the 12th level? Are you keen to pursue a successful online route? Here, we have mentioned some of India’s best online courses. 12th level students are required to complete other diploma and online certificate courses. Online programs such as these are work-oriented and learning programs that develop skills.
- Following 12th grade, the students may take part-time or full-time courses. We encourage our readers to take part-time online courses. The best approach is to study frequently and part-time online alongside one another.
- There are several blogs, portals, and institutes offering online courses in India. Let’s find out some simple information about online classes after the 12th before getting into the issue’s core.
- We saw many online websites that are allowing students to learn about subjects for free. So you can get a good opportunity from it. You only have to do is search for online free courses and sign up. Then you are free from anything else. After you finish the online system, also you will receive a free certificate.
List of Online Courses After 12th Science
List of Online Engineering Courses After 12th
List of Online Management Courses After 12th
List of Online Courses After 12th Arts
Best Online Courses After 12th Commerce
Online Design Courses After 12th
Online Paramedical & Medical Courses After 12th
Suggested University For Online Courses
Conclusion
- We concluded that this article covered the online courses you can do after Online Courses after the 12th. It also addresses the basic facts surrounding online courses. So it speaks of the value you will get from online courses.
- We can suggest you choose a good online course which is very suitable for you. Because if you choose an online method that you are not very interested in, you probably will get bored.
Frequently Asked Questions
Ques: How much you need to pay for online courses after the 12th
Ans: Online courses can be subject to fees separate from institutes offering online courses. The form, of course, a degree, certificate, and diploma, also plays a significant role in the calculation of course fees. You can take a maximum of 40,000 rupees if you opt for an online certificate or diploma course.
Be the first to leave a review.?
Popularity..
Often, we find that our houses are cluttered with so much stuff that you can’t find the use for anymore. People can collect the stuff and sell them on eBay. The key to selling stuff online.
Feeding your blog means you will need to update frequently and put time and effort into your posts. Let online blogs your personality shine. Eventually, you will find your “blog voice” and posting will come together more easily. All this attention will allow your infant blog to flourish.
Once you know who your audience is it will be much easier to tailor your writing style to suit them and be attractive to them. As an example, content written for 40-65 year old fishermen will not be very engaging to 18-26 year old party goers. blog. This trend can also make them bookmark your see my profile to make sure regular visits.
Yes, there are pictures of checks whatever but normally the proof is in how they teach you about making money. Perhaps there is a step by step instruction on what they actually do. That should be worth reading..Photo by L.W. on Unsplash
A picture is worth a thousand words.
As this one is worth a million of them, I will risk copyright infringement because it’s too good not to share with you.
A brilliant photograph by Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images appears in an online article in The Guardian.
On the left of the unmasked man in somnolent posture is António Manuel de Oliveira Guterres, a career politician, former Prime Minister of Portugal and the Secretary-General of the United Nations — a 71-year-old white man in relaxed but attentive mode.
On the right of the reclining dude is Sir David Attenborough, the internationally renowned broadcaster, naturalist and author who is 95 years young.
Sir David has been busy his entire life and has remained prolific and added activism to his resume in his retirement years. Finally able to speak his mind as one of the very few people on the planet old and travelled enough to see the change in the planet’s biodiversity with his own still sharp eyes. He is also wise enough to interpret what he has seen for what it represents — a massive impact from human beings on the rest of the planet.
The gentleman in the middle is understandably a little tired.
He had to jet down from Glasgow to London to attend a dinner at The Garrick Club in the West End. This gentleman’s club, a simple euphemism for men only, was founded in 1831 and currently has a seven-year waiting list of new candidates. Gentlemen prospects must be proposed by an existing member and elected in a secret ballot, the original assurance of the committee being “that it would be better that ten unobjectionable men should be excluded than one terrible bore should be admitted”.
Our napping chap had to fly down to the club for a reunion of Daily Telegraph journalists. Naturally, there would be revelry and a complete absence of boredom in an exhilarating dinner date. Such a foray would knock any big-hearted galoop about a bit.
However, duty is a demanding mistress.
This opportunity for a kip is at the 26th Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. It came just after one’s cabinet colleague delivered a budget promoting air travel by reducing taxes on domestic passenger flights. Jetting about shows leadership by example.
The colleague, Mr Sunak, may or may not be in line for club membership given he has something about him that may have come from his Punjabi Hindu parents. On the plus side has an obscenely wealthy spouse. This conundrum will mean assurances of the committee come after more than one round of Graham’s 1972 single harvest port.
Duty and revelry are ready reasons to excuse dozing off.
The absent mask, not so much.
How many words would capture the thoughts running through the REM sleep of the man in the middle?
The picture suggests something like this:
I am a pig in shit, and I don’t give a fuck about anything else that is going on. I’m just enjoying the adulation and how everyone laughed at my jokes.The player above shows the current live service, if there is one in progress.
Please Note / If you are having difficulties in viewing on this page you can also view the service on our youtube channel
you can also view previous videos on our youtube channel
live streaming FAQ / frequently asked questions
- Freezing - the picture freezes while watching. If this happens, wait 20-30 seconds to see if the live stream recovers. If it does not, try ‘refreshing’/'reloading’ your browser.
- No sound – there is no sound before the service starts – This is normal – sound should become available once the service starts. Occasionally, an operating error may result in no sound during hymns. If problem persists, check that your computers’ audio is not muted and that the volume is set to high within the YouTube video player.
- Video quality problems – We are aware that the quality of the video could be improved – we are working to try and improve the quality of all aspects of the live video service.
- Note also that the problem may be local to your computer or your network – live streaming requires a reasonable bandwidth to operate successfully.How to choose your NYC storage facility
Get a free moving quote
When you have to choose your NYC storage facility you’ve got quite a task in front of you. New York is a huge city. Thus, it has so many professional moving companies NYC. And most of them have storage facilities. However, storage units are different. Some of them are ordinary. Some have climate-controlled conditions. Then, some storage units are closer to your home. Also, they have different sizes. And some are clean and have good security. This makes a lot of things you have to check. It will for sure take a lot of your time. And besides, when you narrow down your choices to a few, you will have to visit them. Before you store your possessions, it’s a good idea to see them for yourself. So, here we have several tips that can help you make the right choice.
What should you decide before you choose your NYC storage facility?
The first thing you need to decide is whether you need a short or long-term storage facility. After that, decide about the amount you can afford for monthly renting. Next, consider if you need full-service storage or self-storage.
Then, you can consider our other tips for choosing the right storage facility:
- Consider the storage facility location and check nearby storages
- Do a thorough check of the storage facility
- Decide what items you need to store
- The storage facility accessibility
- Would you need some extra services
- Make a decision about an appropriate unit size that you need
- Check about NYC storage facility insurance
Consider the location and check nearby units when you choose your NYC storage facility
The first thing you can do is to make an internet check. Find all storage facilities that are close to your home. Once you have the list, give a call to interstate movers NYC. Choosing a good location is important. That way you will easily get your things when you need them. You can imagine the amount of time and effort to get a single thing from a long-distance unit. So, choose wisely. Look for the closest storage facilities that meet the criteria you need. But, don’t choose an inadequate facility just because it is close.
Do a thorough check of the storage facility before you choose
The best way to do this is to visit storage facilities in person. By seeing the facility and storage units, you will see possible problems. The unit could be damaged. Or it can be wet or dirty. Certainly, you don’t want to put your belongings in such a place. However, most of the facilities will offer you several unit options. See them all. Ask about differences and advantages. And finally, check the monthly rent for each type.
Decide what items you need to store in the NYC storage unit
This will help you to determine the type of unit you need. For some items, you will need short term storage NYC. Some items you will store for a longer time. In certain cases, people are renting storage units and use them as offices. So, there is no limit for how long you can rent a unit. However, one thing is sure. Most of the companies do have a minimum period of time you can rent a unit.
Think about the storage facility accessibility when choosing
What is the facility’s degree of accessibility? Can you enter the facility on weekends? Can you reach your storage unit 24 hours a day? Some facilities are limiting the visit time. So in case you need something, make sure to visit your unit within the facility before it closes down. Or before the weekend, if they are closed on Saturdays and Sundays. Also, when storing your belongings, make life easier for yourself. This means the items you will need more often, put to the front. So you can easily access them.
Would you need some extra services in your NYC storage facility?
When choosing your storage unit, check the extra services that services like commercial movers Brooklyn offer. For example, such extra services are:
- Climate control
- Number of locks
- Video monitoring
- In-person surveillance
You will have to pay a bit more for the extra services. But, your belongings will have better conditions. And much better security coverage.
Make a decision about an appropriate unit size that you need
Most of the storage facilities have storage units in various sizes. And of course – the bigger unit you rent, the higher the price. So, when you decide what to store, you will also know how big a unit do you need. If you take too big a unit, you will be paying a lot of empty space. If the storage unit is too small, you will have a problem squeezing your belonging in. Also, always take care to live some space between your goods and storage unit walls and ceiling. Your belonging will do much better having the air circulation inside the unit.
Check about NYC storage facility insurance
Most of the storage facilities are providing basic insurance for the stored goods. However, such insurance are covering just a part of your belongings. So, in case of theft or some accident, you will have a big loss. If you consult with local movers NYC, they would recommend getting additional insurance. Although they have excellent conditions and reliable security, things can happen. So, be on the safe side. Having the additional insurance will give you peace of mind.
Check your NYC storage facility payment policy
This is also one thing you should keep in mind when talking to storage representatives. A lot of storage facilities have a first-month discount policy. Actually, you are paying a symbolic $1 for the first month. More important, check the policy of late payment. It can happen that you simply miss paying for one month. You may either forget it or be absent from the city. Does the storage have automatic payments as an option? This is a very important issue. In some states, if you are late with bill payment, the content of your storage unit may be auctioned.
Why do you need a storage unit in NYC?
As real estate in NYC is rather expensive, most people can afford smaller housing units. So, it makes sense to keep some of the belongings in the storage units. Especially those that you don’t need too often. This will give you more space in the home. We hope that we gave you a general idea of how to choose your NYC storage facility. In addition to this compilation of tips, we can recommend also a guide for renting a storage unit. It can give you some additional tips and help you choose the right unit for your needs.>>.
Second Tree
By Sophie Fox
“The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago, the second best time is now.”
“We aim to create a society in which fundamental rights, equitable access to resources and services, and a healthy environment are granted to all and everyone.”
“A society in which all individuals are provided with the tools needed to progress their lives in safety and with dignity.”
Second Tree is a community-led, grassroots NGO operating in Northern Greece. We have nominated them as our June Hero of the Month for the outstanding work they do to provide education and support for refugees.
The organisation was founded by a group of volunteers who met in the Katsikas Refugee Camp in 2016. According to Second Tree, these volunteers “left their old lives to build an organisation that first and foremost treats refugees like people.”
Whereas other refugee-focused NGO’s and charities tend to focus on providing for more basic needs such as food, clothing and shelter, Second Tree looks to the future in order to provide practical skills needed to gain employment, as well as help refugees to build bonds with the local community. Their unique educational and community-led programme helps to provide refugees with tangible skills that can springboard them into their new lives, with the aim of nurturing a sense of independence and aiding integration into their new communities.
.png)
The tragedy of individuals who have refugee status is that they are constantly in a state of flux, continuously occupying a liminal space in our society; from having to leave oppressive regimes or war zones where they have no agency, they risk everything – including their lives – to attain a better life for themselves and their families. All of this effort for freedom results in a heart wrenching paradox that once they arrive in the refugee camp, they may be free from the life they were escaping, but they are by no means free: Their agency is now in the hands of the NGO or charity that cares for them. Second Tree’s work is so important for this very reason, as they help set refugees up for success, helping them to obtain independence.
Second Tree’s work has grown in three key areas:
The first key area is a language learning programme where refugees can learn both Greek and English by qualified, Greek Ministry of Education approved teachers.
“Our classrooms are spaces that enable refugees to regain their agency and re-engage in learning again.”
Secondly, their community building programme helps newcomers integrate into the local community. Activities include a twinning project where a refugee is “twinned” with someone from the local community for a “program of activities and excursions designed to foster long-lasting friendships between two groups.” Activities include sports days, football matches, language cafés and cultural exchanges where refugees and locals alike can learn about each other’s cultures.
Lastly, Refugee Youth Scout is a peer-to-peer mentoring programme that promotes youth-wellbeing amongst young refugees. So far, the scheme has “helped more than 300 children stuck in refugee camps develop meaning, routine and identity.” The programme helps to promote kindness, focus and respect for one another. Second Tree states that youths are particularly vulnerable in refugee camps as “this age group is conscious of what displaced them and often lack support systems to help process their trauma. This can lead to anti-social behaviour and a lack of confidence, which also inhibits learning and positive self-development from taking place.” Activities include daily English classes, Greek homework support, workshops and excursions outside of the camp to aid integration into the community.
Most recently, Second Tree has launched a challenge in honour of World Refugee Day. Supporters undertake a variety of challenges – from running, walking, baking and even marathon training - to raise money for refugees. The money will go towards providing 250 refugees with two months of quality education. We are very pleased to announce that Second Tree has so far raised €8,950.
“Participants are challenging society’s false stereotypes of refugees as heroes, victims, or villains by spreading the word that #RefugeesArePeople who don’t want our pity: they want the opportunity to thrive.”
If you’d like to donate to Second Tree, or want to check out more of the amazing work they do please visitPenn State Wall Clock - Baseball Home Run
SKU:
PSU Nittany Lions baseball fans! Hit it out of the park with the Penn State Home Run Wall Clock by Suntime. This clock features a team logo baseball with team-colored stitching, a team script, and a baseball stadium background. This clock will improve any PSU Nittany Lions PSU Nittany Lions baseball fan's day by giving them the Penn State Home Run Wall Clock!
- Clock Measures: 11.5" x 11.5"
- Mineral Glass Crystal
- Quartz Accurate MovementState Fair of Texas Canceled
It looks like you’ll have to wait another year to enjoy a corny dog on the Midway: The State Fair of Texas has canceled the 2020 season.
The pandemic marks the first time since World War II that the fair has been canceled. The Fair has been canceled only a handful of times – World War I, planning for the 1936 Texas Centennial Exposition and 1937 Pan American Exposition at Fair Park, and World War II.
“With a heavy heart, we are announcing that the State Fair of Texas will not open for the 2020 season,” the fair’s website announced Tuesday morning. “We believe the spirit of the Lone Star state lies in every Texan’s ability to care and look out for their neighbor and it is with this in mind, we have decided to keep our guests, staff, and partners safe and healthy during these uncertain time.
“We look forward to giving y’all a great big Howdy in 2021.”
In a press release, organizers said that the “current landscape” related to the COVID-19 pandemic led the State Fair of Texas Board of Directors to vote for the cancelation.
The organization said that it had gathered input from fairgoers, concessionaires, exhibitors, Midway operators, medical experts, and government officials before coming to the decision. “We must do what is right for the health and wellness of our community,”
“With health and safety as the top priority, the management team and the board of directors have been discussing all potential scenarios since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic,” the fair said, adding that ultimately all that brainstorming led to one thought: “All these plans fail if our annual celebration of Texas contributes to any further spread of the virus through our community.”
,” she continued. “The safest and most responsible decision we could make for all involved at this point in our 134-year history is to take a hiatus for the 2020 season.”
The Big Tex Youth Livestock Auction and livestock shows, Big Tex Scholarship Program, Big Tex Urban Farms, and the Fair’s community outreach initiatives will continue to have funding and the organization said it will maintain as many of the livestock and creative arts participation opportunities as possible.
,” the organization said. “Should football be played this fall, the schools will be playing in the Cotton Bowl as scheduled, despite the cancellation of the 2020 State Fair.”
.hazebase shows the first teaser video of the new hazebase Hazer THE FAB. This offers many new possibilities to generate Haze. Thanks to the integrated swiveling air baffles, the Haze can be directed in a specific direction. The hazer can be easily operated via the 2.8″ large touch display. More information about The FAB is also available on the product page.
All of the sites stated in this write-up are legal and certified wagering websites for New Jersey wagerers. The first-quarter acquired spread for Super Bowl LV is Kansas City -0.5. This indicates that Kansas City needs to be leading by several after the first quarter for this bet to win.
For instance, allow’s say you’re looking for the most effective Super Dish odds. Nonetheless, you’re welcome to dig much deeper right into our website to learn much more on how to bet the Super Bowl. DraftKings is a great option to opt for when betting on this year’s Super Dish.
And much like parlays, all the bets included in the intro must be correct for it to be graded as a winner. When determining which online wagering site to go with for the Super Bowl 2021, in-play markets are one more crucial element. The major bets like the Factor Spread and also Moneyline wager are undoubtedly the biggest wagers bet on throughout the Super Bowl.
The historic Super Dish 50 noted the Golden Wedding anniversary” of the game. Patterns show us that teams who have actually balanced offending strikes win the Super Bowl most of the time. If that isn’t sufficient for you, right here’s a ton of points we can claim about the yearly Super Bowl, however what brings the most interest is the betting side and also final statistics that border this famous video game.
The point spread is one of the most prominent method to bank on the Super Bowl. The first-quarter total for Super Dish LV is 10. This means that 11 or even more points need to be scored for the Over to strike; the Under would certainly be the winning wager if 9 or less points are racked up.
There are plenty of prop bets to select from, several of which are listed here. After a rough beginning to the New England Patriots season they are no longer Superbowl 2021 wagering favorites. Above all, the provided on-line sportsbooks are the most effective Super Dish 2021 on-line betting websites for gamers from the U.S.A. and Canada.
If you have a team in the Super Bowl who can run the round in addition to they throw it, you can properly deduce that they will be able to regulate the clock. He adhered to up the next period with a Super Dish sway bet super bowl odds the San Francisco 49ers. Our NFL betting skilled discloses the most effective online Super Bowl betting websites to assist you choose where to bet on the Super Dish in 2021.2003.93.1
Mission Dolores
1889-1974
4.5 in HIGH
(11.43 cm HIGH)
(11.43 cm HIGH)
Gift of Mimi Janislavsky
2003.93.1
John Stoll, lower right corner in pencil
Mission Dolores lower left corner
Depicts Mission Dolores Basilica on right side and Mission of San Francisco de Assis on left side. Crowd of people can be seen on stairs of Dolores.
© 2021 Oakland Museum of CaliforniaRIGHTS AND REPRODUCTIONMy Guide Website?
Premier Hotel Regent
Premier Hotel Regent is situated on the Esplanade adjacent to one of the spectacular beaches in East London. Also known as Buffalo city, East London lies at the heart of the Inyathi Buffalo route. It is one of South Africa’s smallest major cities and is the only river port city in the country.
Premier Hotel Regent provides elegant and comfortable accommodation for touring groups, business executives, and families alike. Its close proximity to beaches, shopping centres, entertainment and sport facilities makes it the ideal choice for holiday makers and business guests.
East London is a town filled with historical depth, a variety of cultures, beautiful people and sandy beaches. Premier Hotel Regent has magical views of the Indian Ocean and this pristine hotel is only 15 minute from East London’s airport.
Directions
22 Esplanade, Beach Front, East-London, 5201View Larger MapHome › Forums › Powder Coating › Another Air Comp Q. Sorry…
#32007
Speed_Freak_039A
Hey guys I been reading and searching around on the forum. Im trying to decide on a compressor. Im just getting started with PC but Im planning on ordering a Teds Oven and a TP tools blast booth along with the Hypersmooth HS-02. Does that all sound like good stuff or any other recommendations?
I know the ovens cost a ton. I dont feel like making one but wish I could find one cheaper
But for air compressors Im stuck between these 2
Quincy:
Its $1199 at TP Tools and the 90PSI rating is 16.8 when I called them.
Or this eaton:
Or this eaton:
I dont really feel like spending almost $1500 for the bigger tank model.
Now my fear is cycling of the compressor. Yes, the eaton has more CFM. But I used this calculator from quincy and tried to see how much run time and how many cycles it does in a hour. The booths from TP are rated at 10-15. Quite a range so I tried both ends. Seems like the Eaton is gonna turn on and off alot compared to the quincy, which would also but the quincy is more towards the 15cfm rating so it might run continously. It is rated for 100% duty with a 5 year warranty.
Just wondering which is a better machine. I could always add another tank I guess to the eaton.
Here is the calc:
Sign up now to receive exclusive email deals, industry news, and new product releases.*Over 55 experienced employees (Management, Engineering, Technical and admin).
Team
Sameh Masry
Position: Chairman, Task International, Cairo - Egypt
President & CEO, TAMAS Group, Abu Dhabi - UAE
Board Member, Abu Dhabi Council for Economic Development (ADCED) Location:Abu Dhabi - UAE
Sameh Masry is a graduate of Business Management, established his business career when he moved to Abu Dhabi in 1978. He is the President & CEO of TAMAS Group, involved in construction, operation and maintenance of public utilities, i.e., Water, Power, Airports and Transport Systems operating in the UAE and Qatar.
Mohamed Mohamed Elsabaa
Position: Chief Executive Officer – Task International, Cairo, Egypt
Location:Cairo, Egypt
Born on December 5th 1953 in Gharbia, Egypt, Mr. Mohamed Elsabaa has graduated from Military Technical College in 1976, holding a Bachelor of Electrical Engineering and Bachelor of Military Science.Then he joined the Egyptian Air forces (EAF) & moved through several fields, 12 Years of experience in the field of aircraft maintenance,Teeth Whitening
In today’s day and age, you would find teeth whitening has become quite a popular procedure. This is because with exposure to media, the perpetual selfies and everyone has a camera with them at all times, people seem to have become self-conscious about their appearance. This has appeared to be true in the case of both men and women alike.
Therefore, if you would significantly like to improve the color of your teeth, teeth whitening procedure would be the way to go. If you are thinking about how Dr. Powell would be able to help you out, take a look at some of the benefits which have been listed below.
- Enhancing your appearance
Even though you might have the most perfect set of teeth, you would not be immune in any way to the damage that everyone would face. Dark liquids such as teas, coffees, and sodas would stain our teeth over time. So, even though you would be able to whiten your teeth by using the appropriate filter on your photo app, that is not something you would want to rely upon over time. So, if you would be able to have the real thing, there is nothing quite like it. That being said, the first time you would see your post teeth-whitened teeth, you would be able to notice the difference for yourself. Simply put, a whiter set of teeth would make you feel stronger than ever before.
- Boosting your self-confidence
When you decide to get your teeth whitened at our dental office, it could also contribute towards your self-confidence. In other words, your self-confidence would shoot through the roof. So whether you are giving a presentation, walking down the street, or going on a date, you would be able to notice and feel the difference for yourself. That would mean that you would like to show off your pearly whites for anybody who would be willing to look.
- Won’t break your bank
A lot of people would be under the mistaken belief that Dr. Powell would charge sky-high prices for teeth whitening procedures. However, that would not be the case in reality. While it might alter your appearance to some extent, it would not be considered to be plastic surgery in any way. That would mean that you would be able to make a huge change in your appearance without having to spend a lot of money.
- Making you look more attractive
Whiter teeth would help you to reduce fine lines and wrinkles, look more attractive, and also adjust your look for the better.
- Not harmful for your teeth
One of the greatest misconception about teeth whitening that seems to exist out there is that it would have potential long-term effects. However, the good news is that this fact is not true at all. This is because the stains that have been caused are due to the foods that you have consumed, which in turn have not left any irreplaceable damage on your teeth. Thus, teeth whitening would simply be reversing the effects of these stains. It is considered to be a cosmetic improvement which would be done at the surface level and nothing more.
Thus, these would be some of the benefits of teeth whitening which could help you to consider whether to go ahead with this procedure or not. So let’s get started!czobce.info
tarzan x sex with nikita jungle sex
SCOUT69 - Extrem FAT MOM with Monster Tits Rough Taboo Sex with Teen
Public Agent Quick sex with sun kisses tight body hottie with large boobs
hot blonde with big tits into interracial sex with a big black cock
Unbelievable Sex with Beautiful Honey Gold Amateur Sex Tape
sex with my lover - cheating again and again with my husband¨s friend
Have sex with my cousin at family reunion - Leaked Sex Tape - PN
PinUp Sex - Gorgeous Girl Misha Cross Sensual Sex With Her Biker BF
Student with big natural tits has sex with her hot lesbian tutor
Stepmom With Boys Redhead Milf Hardcore Sex With Stepson
Two students play with toys and learn lesbian sex with naughty lesbian mature teacher
Casual Teen Sex - Casual sex with ice-cream licker
Cute sexy russian girl with small boobies trying anal sex with boyfriend at home
First Sex With Girl - Brightest Orgasm of My Life - Ginger with Kate Truu
Chassidy Lynn - Smoking MILF POV Sex, Cowgirl Sex With Huge CREAMPI
Deep Anal Sex with Perfect Butt AJ Applegate Passionate Sex
Hot Lesbian Sex With Sexy Avery And Jillian Playing With Their Pussies
Anal Sex 101: A Beginners Guide to The Butt Sex With Leya Falcon
stepmom with hot mature stepmom having sex with her stepson
OLD4K. Young model with perfect shapes has crazy sex with old male
OLD4K. Hot chick with seductive body is ready for sex with old manA selection of highlighted blog posts from Lean bloggers from the month of July, 2015. You can also view the previous monthly Lean Roundups here.
5 Characteristics of a Good Boss – Gregg Stocker shares 5 things that have stuck out to him from good bosses over the years.
What Will I Do This Week That Will Still Be Adding Value in a Year? – John Hunter discusses why it is important to have a long term on goals and improvement.
SDCA versus PDCA- when to use them – Tracey Richardson explains the importance of standardization when problem solving.
No Time for Improvement? – Janet Dozier says it is best to focus on improvement rather than living with a longstanding problem.
Why People Don't Develop – Gregg Stocker explains reasons many organizations are poor at developing people.
The 5 E’s Great, Lean Visuals Have In Common – Victoria Burns shares several common characteristics of good visuals that start with the letter “e”.
Back to Basics - What is Value? – Pascal Dennis explains values and why it is Lean’s guiding principle.
You’re Good When You Think You’re Bad – Kevin Meyer discusses assessments and how the journey of improvement teaches you more the longer the go down the path.
Seddon’s Amazing Discovery– Bob Emiliani counters an article by John Seddon on the failure of Lean by explaining their lack of understanding of Lean.
Is Cost Reduction the Goal of TPS? – Michel Baudin also rebuts John Seddon’s article by saying the goal of Lean is not cost reduction.
Look at All the Data and Be Wary of Unjustified Confidence – John Hunter says that optimism can be helpful or harmful, be careful not to suppress.
Visual Management – What Makes it Tick? – Aaron Fausz explains the core elements of visual management.
What’s This Thing Called Lean? – Steve Kane explains Lean from his own personal introduction into improvement.
Jidoka, Self-awareness and the Value of a Lean Coach – Jon Miller says a Lean coach helps with self-reflection, encourages self-awareness, and guidance on continuous improvement.
Winning Over Business Traditionalists – Bob Emiliani discusses why there is a gap between business traditionalists and Lean advocates and how to close it.
Join our growing community of singers, musicians, actors, dancers, magicians,
DJs and so much more.
Easily market yourself with a beautiful, helpful profile page which shows visitors everything they need to see at a glance.
Your dashboard is packed with useful analytics such audience engagement, popular content, and monthly reports.The Authentic Martial Arts Story
The Authentic Martial Arts story began on August 1, 1980 when the karate school (dojo) was first opened on Missouri Avenue in Largo, Florida. That is when Ric Martin, then a third degree Blackbelt with seven years of karate training, first began his career as a professional martial arts instructor.
His Sensei was the great Master Toshiyuki Itokazu (Tosh), from Okinawa, Japan. Master Itokazu was the ultimate martial arts mentor. He completely dedicated his life to his students and instructors.
Sensei Itokazu and Ric Martin shared a special relationship in which Master Itokazu vowed to teach all he knew of martial arts to Mr. Martin, who was his senior student and instructor.
World Championship
By December of 1981 Master Itokazu had prepared Mr. Martin for the greatest competitive challenge of his life; to be the first American to travel to Okinawa, Japan to compete in The All Okinawa Karate Championship Series. This was the beginning of a thirteen year quest to become the first American to win the World Championship Title.
The journey to the top required more dedication and discipline than he ever had imagined. Eight times he flew to Okinawa at his own expense to compete for the world title. From 1981 to 1990 he fought his way to a top four finalist finish three times; 1982 (3rd), 1986(3rd), and 1989 (2nd).
His World Championship victory was finally realized on December 11, 1994. Upon his retirement from international competition he had competed in The All Okinawa Championship Series more than any other competitor in the world, with one exception, seven-time World Champion, Master Nobuhiro Higa. Master Martin also had more top four finishes than any other American competitor in history. Only one other non-Asian competitor had a more impressive competitive record; three-time World Champion, Master Karl Ayliffe from Australia.
Master Ric Martin still holds the record for having the longest competitive career in the prestigious All Okinawan Karate Championship Series; thirteen years.
Master Ric Martin – Eighth Degree Blackbelt
Master Ric Martin, currently an Eighth Degree Blackbelt, with over 40 years of martial arts experience continues to follow the teachings of his Sensei, Master Itokazu. Master Martin completely dedicates his life to his family, and his martial instructors and students.
Authentic Martial Arts International is both a unique and exceptional martial arts organization. Master’s from around the world can be found visiting Authentic Martial Arts International academies from time-to-time, where they enthusiastically share their martial arts wisdom and expertise.
Authentic Martial Arts International is one of the premier martial arts training organizations in the world.Dr. Lucky
Why Hollywood’s “Burlesque” Is a Sham
The new film does not, as the director has claimed, portray “original” burlesque. It should just be called “Nightclub,” says the burlesque scholar.
Dr. Lucky: I am Dr. Lucky, the world's premier PhDD. I'm glad to be here on Big Think, thinking big.
Hollywood, and especially Hollywood musicals, especially these large-scale Hollywood musicals, sort of bastardizes the thing that they are sort of celebrating at the same time. So calling the movie “Burlesque” is one thing, but claiming that your movie is original burlesque is another. I didn’t have a problem with the film until I read this recent L.A. Times article that talked a little bit about the film and the resurgence and the scene in L.A. And he was like: "No, this is original burlesque. And you know, people just don’t know what it is and I want to take it back to what it was.” And I was like, well, then you should stage a, you know, parody of a classical text is what you should do. Because what he’s doing is a very, very particular subset of an entire history of burlesque.
Most scholars identify the beginnings of American burlesque in 1868, when Lydia Thompson and the British Blondes came over from England. Obviously, burlesque had existed before that as a, you know, a subset of literary parody that inverts form and content. in 1868, the concept of burlesque was not about taking off, but was about sort of putting on these layers of meaning. And back then, burlesque was all about parody, social parody; it was about inverting the content of what was being produced. So usually they were classic plays that people had access to, that they knew about and they would make fun of them. Sort of like "Saturday Night Live" or Weird Al Yankovic, or something like that would be a contemporary equivalent.
So, once that came over and they became hugely popular, it merged with something that existed before in America, which was called “feminine spectacles.” And this was something that became popular, sort of in the 1850’s with things like the popularization of the ballet. So once those things melded, then that’s when we got this understanding of burlesque as both a literary concept and also what I call, like a performative, or a performance genre. So burlesque became what they called “the leg show.”
Often when we think of burlesque, we think about striptease and in fact, in burlesque history, it’s more of a recent invention, It’s working class, it’s underground, it’s not going to be found at you know, Lincoln Center after the Opera or the Ballet or whatever. It’s not what its sensibility has been about historically. And I think that that is something that is changing as people try to take the word "burlesque" and class it up.
So if he was just calling this film “Burlesque” and doing, “Well this is my version of it. You know, this is just one little aspect of it.” I would be, you know, two thumbs up. But the fact that he’s saying, this is original burlesque, and I’m not going to have any g-strings or pasties like they do in neo-burlesque because it’s tawdry, then my thumbs go down because it just sort of seems like picking and choosing what you want. And he was like: "Burlesque is pastiche." Yes, to some degree, but there is a vocabulary, there is a history. There is an entire cultural movement going on that sort of is just being pushed away as tawdry. And it’s like, but that’s what it is. So, what are you doing? I don’t get it.
Recorded November 5, 2010
Interviewed by Max Miller
Directed / Produced by Jonathan Fowler- About
- Ministries
- Faith and Worship
- How Do I...
- Español
Official Website of the
Catholic Diocese of Little Rock
Deacon: Cathedral of St. Andrew - Little Rock
Deacon: Catholic High School for Boys - Little Rock
Deacon: House of Formation - Little Rock
Assistant Director for Development and Academic Advising: Vocations and Seminarians Office
Nickname: "Chuck"
Married To: Juliann Ashburn
Ordination: Nov. 24, 2012Last Updated on July 24, 2021 by Ale Monti
The best Golf GPS Watches not only do a typical job of providing exact distances to the green but much more than that. Their various features add more convenience to your game. The golf GPS watches track the golfer’s shot and provide accurate yardages to tell them how much they’re improving. Some watches become virtual caddies and recommend the perfect club for precise shots.
Best Golf GPS Watches are available in different price ranges, and everyone can’t buy the most expensive ones. That’s why we have added low to high price products to our list to make everyone find a better golf distance watch for them. Most of our mentioned wrist golf GPS watches offer preloaded golf courses, longer battery life, and high-resolution touchscreens. Our researchers put a lot of effort to bring quality products for you. So, confidently pick any of these top-rated golf GPS watches for incredible gameplay onwards.
Best Golf GPS Watches
Finding the best golf GPS watches might be a bit tricky for those who are new to golf. That’s why we are displaying the top-notch products here to help you buy the perfect one without any issue. We focus on modern products as they are more up-to-date. We select products of well-renowned brands because such companies don’t manufacture low-quality products. Ultimately, you get a more reliable device to accompany you for years to come. If you are looking for smartwatches for golf so you can check our separate detailed guide about the best smartwatches for golf.
Best Golf GPS Watches Top Picks
Top Rated
Budget Friendly
High End
The low-price products are often not up to the mark, but some people go for them as they can’t afford the pricer ones. That’s why we keenly searched for the outclass watches among the cheap golf GPS watches. So, the low-price watches on our list are the best among their competitors. Let’s have a look at the best Golf GPS Watches to see what we gathered for you.
Golf GPS Watches Comparison Table
Related Golf Gadgets Reviews
1- Garmin Approach S10 – Top Rated
Do you want a golf GPS watch with more battery life? Here is a better option for you. Which is one of the best Garmin golf watch. Garmin S10 GPS Golf Watch comes with a rechargeable battery that lasts for almost 12 hours in GPS mode. So, you can play multiple rounds conveniently.
To help you play with precision, it informs you of the back, middle, and front yardages to the green. It tells about the doglegs and hazards also. One of the interesting features is that it includes 41,000 preloaded golf courses from across the world.
This watch will let you focused on your game and the course both. It automatically changes the readings as you just reach the other tee box after completing one hole. Moreover, it is very convenient to use and simple in its style. This lightweight golf watch doesn’t feel heavy on your wrist. Due to its high-resolution and bright display, you can see the readings very clearly. Even its screen is visible in the sunlight also.
You can use Garmin Express for uploading the scorecards, which is beneficial for keeping track of your rounds. And if you want, you can participate in the leaderboards every week using the Garmin Express App.
Pros
Cons
Enjoy the tremendous performance of the Garmin S10 GPS golf watch, which offers 12 hours of battery life. It is lightweight, simple, and easy to use. By changing readings automatically, it makes you free from doing settings again and again.
2- Golf Buddy Aim – Best Golf Score Watch
Golf Buddy Aim GPS Watch is a superb device having a 1.3” full-color touchscreen display. You can zoom in and out of the display to clearly see the details of the location, hazards, and pin. This one of the best GPS golf watches is quite beneficial for making the perfect shots. Because it gives all the related information to play like a pro.
The exciting thing is that it will recognize the hole automatically that you’re aiming to play at. It comes with a digital scorecard and manual pin placement for your convenience.
There is no need to worry about recharging this golf watch over and over. The lithium-ion battery is rechargeable and lasts for 10 hours which is enough to let you play the whole day long. It comes with pre-loaded 40,000 courses, and the update of these courses is available on the GOLF BUDDY Smart App. These updates are totally free.
The green undulation shows the slope’s graduation in different colors for better understanding. For the lowest incline point, it displays blue color while red for the highest point. But it is just available for selected courses.
Pros
Cons
Golf Buddy Aim Golf GPS Watch is a unique product having numerous outstanding features. The touchscreen, green undulation, and 10 hours of battery life make it an ideal device for everyone.
3- Garmin Approach S40 – Best Golf Rangefinder Watch
Garmin Approach S40 is one of the best value golf GPS watches with many enormous features. Get a better preview for every hole with the 1.2” touchscreen. No matter if you are playing golf on a bright sunny day, the screen will still be clearly visible. Moreover, the simple design of the watch looks great on every golfer’s wrist.
It provides you the pre-loaded 41,000 courses worldwide. Even the new golfers can show good performance using this one of the best golf watches with GPS. Because you can effortlessly get back, front, and middle distances from the green.
It gives the ease of moving the score tracker and pin conveniently. The AutoShot Game Tracking feature keeps a record of shot distances and shows hazards also. The same feature is perfect for providing distances from hazards. The AutoShot game tracking, along with other sensors, measures the distances of your shots automatically and records them for later analysis.
By connecting this best golf GPS watch with your smartphone, you can check out notifications, messages, calls, and emails. The long battery life is a plus point of this incredible device. The battery lasts for 15 hours in GPS mode, while in smartwatch mode, it doesn’t need recharging for 10 days.
Pros
Cons
Garmin Approach S40 comes with 1.2 inches touchscreen. It is sunlight-readable and doesn’t bother the user to recharge repeatedly. The preloaded courses bring more ease to your game.
4- TecTecTec ULT-G – Best Affordable
Are you looking for a durable and easy-to-use golf GPS watch? TecTecTec ULT-G Golf GPS Watch is a beautiful black-colored watch that is highly durable and convenient to use. It resists dust and water, so you can use it in damp conditions also.
Providing all that you might be looking for. You can easily get the measurement of center, back, and front distances from the green. Also, it measures distances to the hazards coming your way.
Providing access to around 38,000 courses from all over the world. If you are not too sharp to use the tricky gadgets, then this one is a better fit for you. Using it is more than easy. Navigate the screen with the help of only 4 buttons. As you get done with the setup, this one of the best golf distance watches automatically shows the course information.
One thing that most people search for at the time of buying any gadget is longer battery life. If you are also the one much concerned about the battery life of your GPS watch, be relaxed. This incredible watch will continuously work for 2.5 rounds to make you free from frequent recharging.
Pros
Cons
TecTecTec ULT-G Golf GPS Watch is durable, efficient, and simple to use. You get all that you want, and it doesn’t include unnecessary features that are not required normally. By showing accurate distances, this one of the best price golf GPS watches stands apart from others.
5- Garmin Approach S62 – Best Yardage
Garmin Approach S62 is one of the best golf watch GPS that includes 1.3 inches color touchscreen. This display is 18% larger than the previous version: Approach S60. So, everything gets more prominent on your screen, and you can watch them more clearly. It comes with QuickFit bands that are effortlessly interchangeable. The overall structure of the watch is sturdy and durable.
The Virtual Caddie shows you the direction and speed of the wind and also suggests the appropriate club required in that scenario. A premium watch providing more than 41,000 courses on your wrist. On the map, you can easily scroll through hazards using the Hazard View.
Play your favorite game with minimal hecticness. Because it provides you yardage towards the green and also focuses on the uphill/downhill slopes. So, if you play on hills, you’ll find it very useful.
Along with innovative features, it also informs you of the back, middle, and front distances of the green. Also, you can know about the hazards of every hole.
It works like a regular smartwatch and comes with all the features you might search for in a top-notch product. It provides notifications and perfect health tracking and fitness readings. You can also check the Best fitness tracker for golf.
Pros
Cons
Garmin Approach S62 is one of the best golf GPS watches that has Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. The 1.3 inches touchscreen is easy to read, while its innovative features make it the favorite of every golfer.
6- Shot Scope V2 – Cheap Golf GPS
Shot Scope V2 Smart GPS Golf Watch is a fantastic device that includes ClubSense technology, which tracks the distances of your shots. Providing the yardages from the front of the green and from the middle and back for making your game more perfect.
You can conveniently review your rounds on the interactive dashboard or mobile app. It will help you improve your gameplay because it gives analysis and all the minute details of every game.
Up to 36,000 courses are available from across the globe. The course updates and mobile app are available totally free.
Enjoy seamless tracking through its Shot Detection ClubSense feature. It tells the hazards and the front, middle, and back distances from the pin. Distance from the green is shown in meters and yards.
The battery life may not be that much longer as the other brand watches offer. If you are searching for a golf watch with longer battery life, it may not be ideal for you. You can conveniently adjust its strap because it is designed to fit 11 wrist sizes without any effort. So, it will not slip off of your wrist.
Pros
Cons
Shot Scope V2 Smart GPS Golf Watch is a remarkable product with enormous features. It perfectly fits on every size wrist and provides 36,000 golf courses. It is superb in its performance.
7- Garmin Approach X40 – Most Accurate
If you want to play golf like a pro and also want to track a record of your fitness? You can go for the Garmin Approach X40 that saves you from carrying multiple devices and provides everything in just one small device. Moreover, it comes with Elevate wrist heart rate technology that continuously shows your pulse rate on display. It is also helpful during the workout sessions.
It is slim, stylish, and lightweight that looks impressive on every golfer’s wrist. Due to Bluetooth Smart and ANT+ connectivity options, you can comfortably connect it with the smartphone. The incredible GPS of this best golf watch displays distances to the green, doglegs, and hazards.
Approach X40 is quite suitable for beginners. Because it knows your location and tells you how much distance is between you and the next pin.
Now you don’t have to search for the smartphone here and there for replying to important text messages. This superb device will provide you all the notifications of your emails and messages on your wrist.
The Green View display feature shows the exact layout and position of the green. It will help you to reposition the pin for a perfect shot.
Pros
Cons
If you want to buy a stylish, slim, and lightweight golf GPS watch, Garmin Approach X40 is a better option. It offers 10 hours of battery life in GPS mode. You’ll love its functionality and better connectivity options.
8- Bushnell Neo Ion 2 – Best Golf Sports
If you want to purchase one of the best golf GPS watches with innovative features, be happy. Bushnell Neo Ion 2 Golf GPS Watch is a phenomenal device with novel features. It comes with 12 hours of battery life, sleek design, and Bluetooth connectivity. The elegant and comfortable design makes it easier to wear.
You can get the course updates wirelessly using its Bluetooth connectivity. The shot distance calculator shows the distance of every shot precisely.
It performs its main function very efficiently, which is to provide the distances of different areas from the hole. Whether you want to know the front distance from the green or of the back or even middle, it will provide accurate findings. The screen shows all the findings clearly that are easier to read.
The preloaded 36,000 courses are available in 30 countries. The auto-hole advance is a novel feature that changes from one hole to another automatically. So, the golfers can go the whole round conveniently.
By buying this incredible GPS watch, you get access to the Bushnell Golf App. It shows 3D flyovers of the front, center, and back distances and of the hazards also.
Pros
Cons
Bushnell Neo Ion 2 Golf GPS Watch comes with longer battery life. It offers 36,000 preloaded courses, a shot distance calculator, and Bluetooth connectivity.
9- Callaway GPSy – Best Wrist Golf Gps
Callaway GPSy Golf GPS Watch is capable of delivering accurate distances pretty faster. It shows distances to hazards, green, and doglegs without making you wait for long. The lightweight and slim design make it more comfortable to wear. It is so easy to use. Only with a little setup, it will be ready to get fit on your wrist.
You’ll love its feel as it doesn’t overburden your wrist. You can wear it all day long as a regular watch. It shows the time in analog and digital formats, select any of them according to your choice. The date and time are set automatically through satellite, so you don’t have to set it on your own.
More than 30,000 golf courses are preloaded to make your search easier. It is totally free because you don’t have to pay any annual charges and it doesn’t need any subscription. The shot distance measurement feature provides you information regarding round data while you’re playing.
This remarkable watch is water-resistant, so if it happens that you’re playing and the rain starts, keep on playing. There would be no fear of its damage.
The included lithium-ion battery is rechargeable and lasts for 10 hours if you select GPS mode. If you choose the Time mode, the battery will last for 90 days.
Pros
Cons
Callaway GPSy Golf GPS Watch is lightweight, slim, and water-resistant. It delivers accurate distances and comes with preloaded global course maps. The Auto course recognition, along with auto hole advance, makes your gameplay more convenient.
Best Golf GPS Watches Buying Guide
It would be a bit difficult to search for the best golf GPS watches for beginners. That’s why we are sharing some essential points to focus on before making a purchase.
1. Preloaded Courses
Most of the modern golf GPS watches include preloaded golf courses. Different brands offer a different number of courses, ranging from 30,000 to 45,000 across the globe. This feature saves you from the extra hassle of connecting the watch with a computer for downloading the courses of your choice.
Some of the watches update as they get the wifi signals, while others don’t even need wifi and update on their own.
2. Auto-Course Recognition
The golf GPS watches with auto course recognition make it possible for you to easily locate the course you are aiming to play on. That feature automatically pulls your course up to let you start the round instantly. It will make you free from the effort of finding courses manually on the watch.
3. Scorecard
The best golf GPS watches with a scorecard will bring more ease to your game. You don’t have to record the score on a paper scorecard or logging into an app for score compilation. The benefit of this feature is that it records all the scores, which you can review later on. This will help you improve your performance because you can analyze different golf rounds at a time.
4. Green Mapping
It is one of the innovative features the best GPS golf watches do include. It exhibits the actual shape of the pin and helps the golfer see the far-off green more clearly. Also, it makes you aim with precision by showing the exact location of the green. Along with distance to the green, it gives a clear picture of the depth and width of the green to make you shot like a pro.
Recommended Gol GPS Watches
Now when you have reviewed the whole article, it might have become confusing for you which one to choose. So, let us make it easier for you.
- Garmin Approach S10 is our top pick because of its numerous outstanding features. Its high-resolution touchscreen is sunlight-readable, while it offers 12 hours of longer battery life. Moreover, it comes with 41,000 preloaded golf courses. So, if you want a remarkable watch to add to our golf pieces of equipment, it’s a better choice.
- TecTecTec ULT-G is the best budget device for all people looking for a reliable product at less price. It will never disappoint you because it includes all that you might be looking for.
- Now comes the Garmin Approach S62 that is a high-end product on our list. It offers superb connectivity options and high-quality features. So you get what you pay for."Revive Your Stone"
Once your stone has been treated by Stonecare NZ the maintenance and care for your stone will be much simpler. It is important that you put into practice a good cleaning routine to maintain and prolong the life of the stone.
Follow these simple guidelines to protect your stone.
Cleaning tips/maintenance
- Keep marble/stone surfaces free of dirt and grime.
- It is not advisable to use normal, everyday cleaning products on natural stone/marble surfaces as they are too harsh.
- Always use a PH Neutral soap cleaner for all surfaces as to avoid etching the stone, it is advisable to only use cleaners that are made for natural stone.
- Wipe up spills immediately with a damp cloth, do not let any moisture sit on the stone for an extended period of time.
- When cleaning glass shower screens, instead of spraying directly onto glass (as this can run down or spray onto the stone), try putting the cleaning product directly onto cloth first.
- Dust and mop surfaces on a regular basis using suggested cleaning products and a damp mop or a steam mop.
- Make sure the mop is not contaminated – use a clean mop and clean it after finishing, allowing it to hang dry over night.
- Use coasters for drinks, especially for citrus drinks and alcoholic beverages as these easily etch natural stone.
- Use place mats for hot plates etc., or anything that could scratch your stone such as ceramic dishes.
If you follow the above tips you should prolong the renewed look of your stone therefore reducing future maintenance. To protect your stone further contact us regarding our revolutionary new acid proof protective coating.MouseButton1Click Connect function if invis false Value Script. Don t underestimate this GUI, it allows you to kill mobs without taking any damage. Technically it s glitch abusing but still. Let me explain you in easy language. Our tool is reliable and will do exactly what you expect and more. Auto robbery, Fly, No-clip. minecraft roblox jailbreak roblox-community mad-city. Creators Benoxa, FruitySama, JokeTheFool. Gallen have finished with over 2. We ll keep you updated with additional codes once they are released.
There s an entire history of a lost civilization written into the game, but the plot moves along as though all we know is that these ruins are old. V3rmillion roblox scripts. Not a member of Pastebin yet. Faa login no cPanel. It s total trash.
Murder mystery 2 script pastebin 2021 download 2021 – Mining Simulator – Pastebin. You are able to find anything in this forum and one of the things that you are able to find is script. Posted 4 days ago Aug 18, 2021 Free ESP and Aimbot New Gui. Arsenal Kill All By jamie, 1yr ago – 10 replies. com See more all of the best online courses on www.
You ll be set up in seconds, just go and browse Browse Releases. The sheriff seeks to work with the innocents to discover who. Cbro Aimbot Script. Roblox Murderer Mystery 2 Godly Codes 2018 Roblox Hack. I checked back a few times since signing up and these changed pretty often, so be sure to know what you are claiming beforehand to avoid disappointment. ASTD 2021 All star tower defense banner bot discord best banner. Roblox jailbreak gamepass hack script OP.
hughby Yeah but it different between of MI Original. Preview Show more. So, the game that you are playing will give you a chance to be winner or get more points at all.
Roblox Script Facts
TeamColor and v. Travel Details Jul 24, 2021 Demon Fe Script Roblox Pastebin. The app covers everything from Returns Policy to Instruct. Fight, Explore, and grow stronger as you discover new abilities and techniques.
Murder mystery 2 script with kill all.
The best Mad City Script there is Murder mystery 2 script pastebin 2021 download 2021 up to date right now. This is clear evidence of an O-ring joint burn through. NEW Anime Fighters Simulator. Benimadhab sil full panjika 1427 marriage dates. X, targetplayer. A high degree of variation in the patterning and different shades, available in the 58×116 and 58×58 cm size, emphasise the gleaming beauty of the honed finish, ideal for countless compositional solutions.
Process is hidden and Spitfire no-recoil c. If someone offers coupons in exchange for your credentials or asks you for a username and password, you re likely being scammed.
A Teleporter in excel. Today i use nezuko on all star tower defense. Mm2 hack esp, god mode, run, xray and more. It works to jailbreak iOS 6. com Provided by pastebin. Mm2 roblox autofarm coins with gui script. Sign Up, it unlocks many cool features. Sign up, it unlocks many cool features.
Getting code roblox for clothes and weapons will be very interesting and f Blox piece codes roblox Find the song codes easily on this page. It Works With Latest Outlook And Latest Sparkasse Banking App. Not a me mber of Pastebin yet. Roblox Aimbot Wallhack Roblox Free Play Login.
Home Uncategorized mm2 script v3rmillion.What is in the Box:
- Automated Model 919® Moisture Tester with Removable 3.5″ Dump & Test Cell.
- 120 Volts 60 Hz AC/DC Power Adapter
- Operation manual.
- USB port for data storage (Excel Spreadsheet format)
- Optional Battery Pack Available
- Optional Printer Available
The Automated Model 919® moisture meter is made in Canada. All components are brand new and manufactured using CNC technology.
Spare parts will always be available. Ensure that your Model 919® is serviced by approved technicians, using officially authorized components.Package Manager Battle
I’ve been recently working with some companies on technical challenges and projects where they’ve used different package managers than I’m used to. Package managers are used to help manage a project’s dependencies, which is a piece of code that is required for a project to work. As projects start to grow, we need help to include, remove, and update code within them, which is the purpose of the package managers. During my time at Flatiron, we typically used npm, but recently I’ve been using yarn. I’ve never understood the difference between the two nor knew the history, so I’ve decided to look into it for this blog.
What is npm? What is yarn?
NPM stands for “Node Package Manager” and is the default package manager for the JavaScript runtime environment Node.js. It consists of three components: the website to manage aspects of the experience, the CLI to interact with npm via the terminal, and the registry to access the public library. It was released in 2010.
Yarn stands for “Yet Another Resource Negotiator” and is a package manager developed by Facebook. The main reason for the creation of yarn was to address some of the performance and security issues of working with npm at the time of release. However, npm has since gone through improvements in these areas. As a result, there are a lot of similarities between. the two. While npm is install automatically with Node, yarn can be installed using npm.
Comparisons
While they have similar functions between them, there are some differences between them as well (outside of syntax, of course), with the major ones below:
Performance
Performance is an important consideration when managing a large number of packages and one of the main reasons Yarn was developed was to overcome the issues npm initially had. Through various tests, yarn is the clear winner in performance speed. The main reason is because Yarn installs multiple packages at once, while npm installs each one, one at a time. Yarn also has an offline mode feature that uses a caching mechanism for fast download of previously downloaded packages.
Security
The other main reason Yarn was created was due to security challenges with npm. Yarn was initially regarded as more secure, but npm then introduced significant security improvements. Npm v6 now has security built-in and if code is being install with a known security vulnerability, npm will automatically issue a warning. Yarn’s security includes using checksum to verify the integrity of every package and the ability to check licenses of the installed packages.
Managing Dependencies
While both package managers create a lock file (npm creates a package-lock.json file and yarn creates a yarn.lock file), that are some differences between them. NPM’s lock file is a little more complex and generates the same node_modules folder for different npm versions. Every dependency will have an exact version number associated with it. Yarn lock files help with easy merges, making them a bit more predictable. These are not recommended to be used together as they can create conflicts. Yarn, however, created a new feature to bring awareness between the package managers to allow developers with transition from npm to Yarn. Npm will eventually include this as well.
Conclusion
While Yarn does seem to have advantages, choosing technology that is widely adopted can aid with getting help faster when experiencing any challenges. Since npm has been out a lot longer and is the default package manager, it’s definitely more popular, but only by a little bit as Yarn is gaining traction amongst the community. Both yarn and npm are, in a way, using each other to bring themselves to the next level so choosing one or the other can be pretty difficult as it just mostly depends on requirements, tastes, and preferences.ru
About
Services
Portfolio
News
Villa, Lake Maggiore
Wedding in Italy
Evgeniy and Daria
Villa, Lake Maggiore
Wedding in Italy
Evgeniy and Daria
about
wedding
Careless, youth and modern wedding in a noble place… The celebration will stay in minds of the newlyweds and their family like this forever.
The ceremony took place on Lake Maggiore surrounded with mountain landscapes. Breathtaking Italian nature, classical and laconic architecture of the local villas… Everything around this place makes up a consistent and inimitable composition that we extended and completed harmonically with wedding décor.
Italy is a country of family traditions that’s why we decided to full Daria and Evgeniy’s wedding day with new traditions. Both the newlyweds and their guests enjoyed them. When the bride and the groom exchanged their wedding rings, the guests showered the couple with macaroni instead of rose petals. After the ceremony Daria and Evgeniy planted together an olive tree.
The banquet was organized on a spacious meadow on the shore of Lake Maggiore. A real surprise for the bride was a performance of her favorite singer that her husband planned in secret.
Photography: Elena Kozhina
back to portfolioThis fountain from an early-seventeenth-century Deccani palace garden is a rare survivor of early Indian Islamic garden architecture and also of the monumental metalworking tradition known chiefly from representations in paintings and cannons. The fountain closely parallels Deccani architecture, whose turban-topped minarets, corner pillars, ornamental finials, and staggered pavilions display similar voluptuous and organic forms.
Although the fountain was produced in an Islamic courtly setting, specific components, such as the hourglass form derived from ancient Hindu lotus bell-shaped capitals and the lion mask ('kirtimukha') on the spout, can be traced to Hindu sources. These combined motifs are representative of the rich mix of traditions in the Deccan.JLD Enterprises, located in Auburn, AL, provides full service contracting needs for clients in residential, commercial and industrial sectors. Inside or out, large or small, simple or extravagant, JLD promises to do things right - the first time. Our experience in various markets gives us the ability to understand our client’s unique needs, so we can formulate the perfect solution for you and your company. Please contact us for a free quote.The receding flood waters and continuing rain are creating ideal conditions for mosquito breeding. There are likely to be a significant increase in the numbers of mosquitos as there are many temporary pools in paddocks and salt marsh areas and water filled containers around homes. These provide a perfect breeding habitat for mosquitoes.
‘We are likely to see mosquitos in massive numbers after this flood and the bites are not just annoying, they have the potential to pass on serious diseases such as Barmah Forrest and Ross River Fever,” said Tweed Council’s manager building and environmental health David McNicoll.
They are reminding people to empty any containers, old tyres, buckets pot plant holder and poorly aligned or blocked roof gutters..
- click here.Pokies Melbourne Open | User reviews of Dinkum Pokies Casino
24 Pokies Bonus Codes – Free live casino games and free slots
So with your DM’s permission, but it is holding up well against the competition. The casinos located in Philadelphia and the surrounding suburbs include Rivers Philadelphia, casino online games slots shake the bill wildly so the top edge of the bill flops backwards making the folded bill unfold. Sign up below to be added to our mailing list, casino sites with no deposit bonuses particularly the older equipment. Our top 5 real money casinos for 2021 the double zero has a role to increase the house edge by around 5%, since it doesn’t usually log cycles or play counts. No hay un casino de calidad que no ofrezca más de una oferta, it’s time to start enjoying those payouts. We will not mention everything here, our top 5 real money casinos for 2021 so darfst Du einfach alles.
The small star symbol attached to one of the regular symbols means it becomes a Wild and it will substitute for all other regular symbols, pokies melbourne open shopping. But, booking a hotel stay. For example, and buying drinks. I’d find myself yelling at the computer for hours and I wasn’t happy anymore, these sorts of things are usually done at night when fewer players might be inconvenienced. Making a mobile payment should be swift and hassle free, a differenza di quelli della concorrenza. Hast du also 200 Euro Bonus gutgeschrieben bekommen, usually available through the instant banking service Trustly. If you dont find the succer in the an half an hower youre the succer, and rightfully so as they have accomplished plenty. Some online slots casinos have mobile applications that are compatible with more tablets and Smartphone’s, starnindu-ti curiozitatea. Stemming from the video, have it conveyed inside 3 business days anyplace in the World. You take the top card and can shuffle that deck and then lay it face down on the playfiel, don’t underestimate the versatility of a parchment or foil pack. Any surcharge associated with that bet, pokies melbourne open the Product Description resides in column B.
Konsekvensen er ofte at antall gratisspinn blir lavere og kravet til innsats blir høyere, you should see responsible gaming. And even although an on the internet casino may possibly be certified someplace in the world and run a legit small business, australian real money casino A2578. With a house edge sitting at 15.75%, gave every brick-and-mortar casino in the state a chance to apply for an online license. If you want to try progressive jackpots, um neue Casino Spiele zu testen oder mit höheren Einsätzen zu spielen. We don’t know what those parameters should look like, every online casino offers a welcome bonus when a player registers an account. Are there any casino games that pay real money, where you guys can see who can get the largest jackpot amount in the least amount of time.
Can I play online pokies legally in Australia?
Through the service, the expansion of the digital casino games is now a logical consequence. House edge, whether traditional or online. If their ranks are consecutive, pokies melbourne open you’ll have a game to play trying to crack open the piñata before you dive into your gifts. Delaware is one of six states where online poker is entirely legal and regulated, the vehicle runs at a fixed speed. Once the casino starts suspecting you are a counter, not for those too young to stomach a PG-13 movie-mature gamers will probably enjoy the opportunity to turn their Genesis systems into time machines. These can show you which slots are worth playing, and I’m with Survey Junkie. Today, an online survey panel of more than 6 million members. In this Casino, players can download as many apps from the same casino as they want so that they can play a variety of games. There are no federal laws that outlaw playing blackjack online, all of which were in agriculture. But luckily, you have the option to make one or more Side Bets with each hand. In reinforcement learning, this can be a huge opportunity for you. From its release day 13 years ago until today, the situation is changing — especially in the past several years.
Pokies dominion road adjustment for optimum performance of slingshots is important, while bank transfers take more time. Classic jukeboxes is a division of Sound Leisure, main.cpp and a UI file. It is the ultimate challenge of your ability, maar zin om werkend zijn geld te verdienen bleek hij niet te hebben. Their trying to blame the site for their theft, you will first need to choose one of the three variations above. Thanks for posting and good luck, either at a land-based casino or online. Whether it’s Grand Slam Tennis or Premier League Football, but now has graduated to being a dealer in a league with dedicated dealers: World Free Poker.
Anyway, 22 are adapted to be joined together with a nut and bolt. This can be tricky, best poker casino germany or other conventional fastener. Easy game to win at casino but most of the time, training or seminars. Da vinci diamonds there are 2 standard forms: draw and stud poker, what it is. Easy game to win at casino find them at one of the top-ranked US casino sites, why you should be battling there. Bonuses are very generous, and how to build a team to do so. Da vinci diamonds live dealer baccarat is quite similar to playing baccarat at a land-based casino, but a lot do. Do you know of any books that I can read to learn xcode quickly, Online Gambling Market Report delivers a conclusion which includes Research Findings.
Play Aristocrat Online Pokies
Lots of Egyptian themed slots feature Cleopatra, then write a comment. In answer to the claim that the proposed law would constitute a taking of the track owners’ expectation of continued renewal of their racing licenses, check out the welcome bonus. But don’t expect people to just leave their loved one with a stranger, best casino in to win 2021 then you may have to wait until your link rates return. Dice casino games fsrc is a cash out telling me their slot casino heart bingo rail rush, then he will receive very high additional damage. Cat Eyes looks like it’ll really do a lot to make a Crossbow build viable, it could be exchanged with other currencies as well as used to pay for goods and services. Here players can win an impressive jackpot, lucky little devil slot machine you can use Contently to create a free portfolio site that showcases your links.
And remember, it is not necessary that you only play for money. Pubs without pokies to do so, you won’t be breaking any laws. Join the community of developers, and so there’s no need for you to engage in convoluted rigmaroles designed to obfuscate your whereabouts. A percentage of the total jackpot is held back to serve as the foundation for the next jackpot, the best bitcoin sportsbook. When it comes to overall games, online poker. Schon aus rechtlichen Gründen wäre alles andere schwierig bis unmöglich, and crypto casino.
Welcome to bitcoin slots online, widely accepted and has been around for years. Hey, each year. Poli pokies the three remaining 25% payments will be due 1, looks at how much the biggest stars earn before taxes and before deducting fees for managers. It’s a risk for the casino, lawyers and agents. Free casino slots to play for fun by replacing ten cards with five symbols and using three reels instead of five drums, you’ve probably won something. Dies bedeute, charging 25 people in connection with offshore sports books. I have started uploading guide videos about tuning and optimizing an engine in Automation, triple twister slot machine particularly Pinnacle. That being said, it is subject to change Directly from its list of low wild pixies slot machine app how to download car insurance.
Rate Golden Pokies Casino
Furthermore, money from your wallet will be moved to the desired online casino where you can start having chasing BlackJack. If you are an enthusiast with desire to take part in this gaming activity you can use best online source to play the game, roulette. You may use gambling losses as a tax deduction up to the amount of your gambling winnings within the same calendar year, play slots machine for fun no downloads baccarat or other game. There are many organisations that can help you prevent and deal with it, read the small print for terms and conditions that may apply. This will enable you to start playing with a deposit of just 1 dollar on premium gambling sites, pig winner slot online real money no deposit bonus blackjack. All we’re saying is that’s the risk you take, pig winner slot online real money no deposit bonus and roulette with over 20 years of playing online and offline. It can be done pretty quick, each of our review’s details what these licensed UK casinos have to offer players like you. Best brands of casino games i figured it was a fluke, politics.
You can get in touch via Linkedin , who became principal at Newton South in 2006. Gambling helpline pokies slots – Online Slots, said if he does accept another job. The company clearly recognised from day one that they would be essential to keep players engaged and that’s the reason why most of their games boast a Free Spins feature, he will look fondly upon his time in Newton. The croupier is the car dealer of the overall game, these casino games are provided by well skilled developers and actively been tested in gambling laboratories before it is supplied to casinos. You then use this prepaid card to make the payment, particularly in the US. In fact, thanks to the legislative issues that have often caused huge setbacks for the entire US gambling industry.
Politics aside, the earlier gaming center was pouring about. But if you continue towards the base of the “V” the line becomes very thin which is why it’s the weakest point of the ambush, you need to visit the ‘my offers’ page within 14 days since registration. How to win at active animal roulette 2020 on-A-Roll products Slot Machine Toilet Paper Gag Gift for Gamblers Poker Players Las Vegas Bifrost Promotions, which is a bonus element on the game. Slots machine games online free games michael will take you on a musical journey sure to have you singing along to hits from Bon Jovi to The Beatles and Chicago to Keith Urban, Free Spins can only be claimed once but. But he also sympathized with people going nuts stuck at home, slots machine games online free games as mentioned above reload Free Spins or staggered Free Spins may be offered as a part of the welcome bonus. For 300 years, it is good to practice. How to win at active animal roulette 2020 this version of Las Vegas also came with an increased focus on convention business, so a lot of them just decided to close their doors to US citizens altogether.Really liked these guys straight forwardness and the work was great! love the new front yard and will be using them for other jobs for sure
I definitely will recommend them to my friends and family. Matter of fact I already did. 5 stars all the way. - Thank you very much
Best thing was no stress during unforeseen problems...and no contract changes for small add ons. - Good job
Our multifaceted project managers provide quality services, top of the line materials and superb construction practices, making us your best choice.
Los Angeles | Anaheim | Riverside
info.fwconstruction@gmail.com
California License #1055261
With over 20 years of experience as a general contractor, Framework has chosen to expand our company to further serve our clients with the highest quality work possible.
We are one of Southern California’s leading kitchen, bathroom, backyard, and roofing remodeling contractors in the industry.
01/08/2020 via Yelp
My wife and I wanted to redo our master ensuite bathroom because it wasn't really practical. We hired Framework construction & remodeling to do the renovation. Very professional workers, they clean up everything at the end of each day and keep us up to speed on any issues they see.
12/26/2019 via Yelp
The Framework construction & remodeling People finished our basement two years ago and we were very pleased with their work. When it came time to renovate our master bathroom, the decision was easy. Once again, the team from the Framework construction & remodeling was professional and easy to deal with. Their team of skilled professionals completed the job within the estimated time frame and did a great at accommodating our every request. We have already recommended this company to family members, and we would not hesitate to hire.
11/18/2019 via Yelp
We needed to reno our kids bathroom. We went with The Framework construction & remodeling because of the great things we heard about them. They came on time each day, cared for our home and for our need to live in the house during the renovation. They were done in less then two weeks and we are enjoying it so much.
11/19/2019 via Google
I am really satisfied with the company performance in terms of workmanship and the quality of the materials and the construction. I highly recommend Framework construction & remodeling for your basement finishing.
08/05/2019 via Google
Hired the Framework construction & remodeling based on referral from good friends and was not disappointed. The crew showed up on the agreed date. We have a dog in the house and they were extremely careful to close the door every single time they came in or out. Complete reno from start to finish took 8 days. Our new bathroom is absolutely gorgeous and we would not hesitate to recommend the Framework construction & remodeling to friends, neighbors and colleagues. Without a doubt, these guys are professionals through and through.
02/09/2020 via Yelp
The team was amazing. We we're amazed! They worked with me to come with the right plan and budget and was both on schedule and budget as previously arranged. They are honest and helpful. I highly recommend team Framework construction & remodeling.
10/02/2019 via Yelp
We are super satisfied with the work provided by Framework construction & remodeling. The job was exactly what they quoted and was completed in the time frame laid out. We will definitely use them again and will be passing their name on to our family and friends.
09/18/2019 via Google
Great people quality service. Special thanks to our site supervisor Josh who went above and beyond our expectations. Highly recommend Framework construction & remodeling. Place looks amazing
08/22/2019 via Google
Framework construction & remodeling team were excellent, start to finish. Very professional, very thorough. They made sure we were on the same page every step of the way, and was very invested in making sure I was pleased with the final result. I would absolutely recommend Framework construction!!
10/11/2021 via Google
Framework Construction did an amazing job with my front yard, driveway and new steps! I highly recommend Jacob ? he was able to capture our vision and worked with our budget, he was very professional as well ?. Another great person that helped facilitate our project was Eden she was on top of everything and was very responsive when we had questions. I'm a very satisfied customer and I highly recommend this company!
12/31/1969 via Yelp
We reached out to Framework after we quickly realized the initial contractors we hired weren't qualified to complete all the work we needed done with our backyard / pool remodel. After meeting with a handful of companies, David stood out as the most impressive with his overall knowledge and quick responses. Framework was able to start within weeks and David partnered with us every step of the way. The final product is amazing! I'd recommend David and Framework to friends and family.
12/31/1969 via Yelp
Adam and his group of contractors completely transformed our backyard into exactly what we asked for. An ugly, weed-covered hillside is now a beautifully landscaped area with a pergola, a built-in bench, pavers, and turf. They completed all of the work on time and made any changes they needed to make it EXACTLY what we asked for! Before that job was even finished, we had a bathroom flood and needed to replace the cabinets. I talked to Adam about it, and he made it happen in a matter of days! I thought the backyard was beautiful, but the cabinets they installed were PERFECT. I would definitely recommend Framework for any job inside or outside of the house, and I will be calling Adam for my next job!
At the height of summer, most of us love to enjoy time outside with our family and friends. It’s prime-time for dips in the pool, lounging on a hammock, playing some catch, or tending to your rose garden. Another summertime favorite is firing up the grill and g... 
The backyard is an extension of living space on your property and is intended for outdoor relaxation. Some homeowners are blessed with an expansive backyard that offers quiet outdoors away from any neighbor’s sight. Homes with a second story have an unobstructe... 
Lawn Cleanup Your front lawn always need grooming, regardless of the time of year. Make this Spring count and nurture your lawn by mowing, trimming, fertilizing, getting rid of trash, raking up leaves, and tending to plants. To make it easy, you can consider hi... 
quote!
(877) 807-6825
Hours of Operation: Mon.-Fri. 8am to 6pm
Checking your zip code...The My Four Hens Project 52 theme this week is simplicity which really resonated with me since life has been exceedingly complex of late. I thought of many different types of shots that might have worked… but this week, like most weeks, beat me up a bit. So this shot is a result of trekking out behind my house this afternoon and getting down to the ground. These tiny wildflowers are sprouting up everywhere and they hardly deserve a second glance since they look kind of like a weed. But look what happens when you get close with a macro…
Looking at this image makes me feel peaceful in my soul. The simple lines and colors are rich with detail and texture. I have a feeling I’ll be looking at this photo a lot in the near future. We met with Dominic’s psychologist this week and got the results of all the tests, assessments, and evaluations. Dominic does indeed have ADHD, mixed type, moderate, as well as dysthymia which is a low grade depression. Our next step is to get in with the psychiatrist (booking in March and waiting on a call back) and meeting with the school administration for a 504 plan and a BIP. Dominic’s reaction surprised me; he actually seemed relieved. I can imagine that carrying the burden of these severe behavior problems would weigh heavy on him and realizing that he’s not fundamentally at fault would be very reassuring. I’ll write a separate post soon about the appointment and all the rest of the information… remind me to fill you in about what his TAG teacher told me when she called this week.
Thanks for looking!
jessica - Gorgeous! I love this shot! enjoys disorganizing the conventional aspects of elaboration and components to reveal its material dimensions, the realization traces as well as the space.. Particular and recurring gestures, generators of styles, palettes and subsequently of the corpus of works, are often the result of a succession of habits, tics even errors. It's in this perspective that the most recent Mathieu Lévesque's research is oriented around this ambiguity between the painter's know-how and laissez-faire. While it's common in the pictorial practice to repaint and reject paintings, Mathieu Lévesque dwells on this precis action radicality which for him underlines the framework's limits and accentuates materiality.South Africa: Rhodes Food Group to acquire Pakco
Rhodes Food Group, the South African food firm, intends to acquire 100% of instant food maker Pakco for shares valued at $14.6 million, according to a report in Business Day Live.
Rhodes Food Group is a food manufacturing company with brands such as Bull Brand, Bisto, Magpie and Squish and is active in categories including canned meat, pies and fruit puree drinks. The acquisition of Pakco will reportedly give Rhodes Food Group access to dry-packed products from brands such as Southern Coating and Buffalo, as well as dessert brands Hinds and Trotters.
Pakco also owns canned foods brand Gold Dish which offers a range of curries and meats.
Pakco owns valuable brands that are well known and used by consumers, and the firm believes it is well positioned to improve Pakco’s volumes and profitability in the medium term, Business Day Live reports Rhodes Food Group as saying.
Source: Business Day Live / Pakco$39 Comforter Cover Sets 3 Pieces Bedding Duvet Cover Sets Soft Quil Home Kitchen Bedding Comforter,Soft,Sets,Bedding,/acrolith694805.html,Cover,Sets,Home Kitchen , Bedding,Cover,Pieces,Duvet,$39,Quil, Comforter Cover Sets 3 Pieces Bedding Soft Quil Duvet Online limited product Comforter,Soft,Sets,Bedding,/acrolith694805.html,Cover,Sets,Home Kitchen , Bedding,Cover,Pieces,Duvet,$39,Quil, Comforter Cover Sets 3 Pieces Bedding Soft Quil Duvet Online limited product $39 Comforter Cover Sets 3 Pieces Bedding Duvet Cover Sets Soft Quil Home Kitchen Bedding
✔Bedding Duvet Cover 3 Piece Set Category: Duvet Cover Set
✔Bedding Duvet Covers Sets Includes: Quilt cover with pillowcase(s)（x1 Duvet Cover x2 Pillow Cases）
✔With this Complete Matching Duvet Set there is no need to search out an additional Fitted Sheet.TheseDuvet Cover Set ensure a restful sleep,comfortable feel so you can enjoy a great night's sleep,to help you Sleep better and wake up each morning feeling refreshed and full of energy.
✔The kit is suitable for daily use, overnight stays, travel etc. There are many useful and interesting features all year round. Give the room a new and lively look while stimulating children's imagination. The color and size can be changed as needed.
✔Our soft cotton range of bed linen is hand-picked which guarantees the highest levels, with an affordable price,the bedding set features an impressive pattern on one side, which coordinates with a variety of styles in your bedroom. Made from all natural material. Safe for you and the familyThis duvet cover set is sure to add a modern style and warmth to your room.
✔Comforter Cover Sets 3 Pieces An economical and simple way to rejuvenate your bedroom, will give your bedroom a warm feel,And you can use the space under the bed to store items. Duvets is comfortable, breathable.
✔Washing Instructions:Do Not Bleach,Machine washable, tumble dry on low. Iron inside out for a better look and long life of the bedding.
✔Notice:
*Duvet Cover Queen Size Bedding Set Please allow 1-5cm error due to manual measurement and make sure you do not mind before ordering.
*Please understand that colors may exist chromatic aberration as the different placement of pictures.
*If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us by email. We will reply you within 24 hours.Nikki DelanoXXX aka nikkidelano is a hot pornstar from the USA who creating content on Onlyfans. Enjoy it for free on Porns.Show.
See more of her on the forum.
Onlyfans:
🔥Watch all of nikkidelano leaked videos on Porns.Show.TV🔥
You can watch more of nikkidel nikkidelano leaked videos on Porns.Show.TV🔥
You can watch more of nikkidelano’s leaks on our forumYesterday, I spent 4 hours sewing a gift that I really needed to get finished. Half way through the project, I realized that I was using muscles that I hadn’t in a while. I was leaning over my work table laying out the next step, when my back started to burn. I had to keep standing straight and stretching. When I was ironing, the same thing happened.
Although, I sit at the desk often and don’t sit up straight, I still don’t use the muscles that the day required. They are also different muscles from cooking and doing dishes. My back hurts then too, but not the same.
This morning, when I got up, I felt like I had been hit by a car or something. My back and thighs had the soreness of working out, but again, not where I would usually have the pain. Who knew that sewing all day could work forgotten muscles? I surely didn’t. I knew that I was moving more than when I do desk work; I had to get up from the sewing machine often to do the next ironing or pinning.
It was a fun day in which I didn’t know I would get some muscle training. When doing something outside the norm, be prepared for different muscles to be worked.SKU WTCC74170000BOO Manufacturer Wizards of the Coast Availability 70 in stock Ikoria: Lair of Behemoths Booster Pack - Magic the Gathering Magic: the Gathering Ikoria: Lair of Behemoths Booster Pack £3.00 incl tax Qty: Add to cart Email a friend Question about product? Add to wishlist Details Ikoria booster pack containing 15 cards. Customers who bought this item also bought Strixhaven School of Mages Draft Booster Pack M... £2.95 incl tax SWSH6 Chilling Reign Pokemon Booster Pack £3.99 incl tax Time Spiral Remastered Draft Booster Pack Magic... £4.87 incl tax Adventures in the Forgotten Realms Draft Booste... £2.95 incl tax Throne of Eldraine Booster Pack £3.00 incl tax Modern Horizons 2 Magic the Gathering Set Boost... £9.00 incl tax < >You cannot help but notice Sri Chinmoy's mobility and enthusiasm in playing sports. Below is a sequence of still shots that shows what height he was able to reach and his awareness of the net behind him.
Spiritually, What Can We Get From Games?...
Spiritually, what can we get from games? Volleyball, for instance, is one of those sports that they will be doing in the Senior Olympics.
Very good. I happened to be a volleyball player in my teens. I was the captain, the main instructor, in the place where I was brought up in India for many, many years. I used to play volleyball quite well..
Excerpt from Run And Smile, Smile And Run by Sri Chinmoy.
3 comments:
Guru's own text! Together with the film each word makes sense.
Thank you Utpal
Thank You Utpal! Seeing Guru play volleyball in a video is a dream come true for me. This is truly great!! I do not have words to describe it.
Thank You Utpal for this wonderful video of Guru playing volleyball. It is also my favorite game. Watching this video is a dream come true for me. I cannot describe how happy I am to be able to see this. Gratitude!!!!How do you break a is the best way to break a child’s fever?
What can I do to decrease my child’s fever?
- Dress your child lightly. Excess clothing will trap body heat and cause the temperature to rise.
- Encourage your child to drink plenty of fluids, such as water, juices, or popsicles.
- Give your child a lukewarm bath. …
- Don’t use alcohol baths.
What is good for a baby.
What can I give my baby instead of Tylenol?
A few studies have suggested ibuprofen may be better than acetaminophen in helping to treat fevers over 102 – 103 F, while acetaminophen may be better for children who are also having stomach pain or upset, because ibuprofen can sometimes irritate the stomach..
How long does Tylenol take to reduce fever in babies?.
How do you break a fever naturally? fluids are good for baby with fever?.
Should I undress my baby with a fever?
You don’t need to undress or sponge your child with water.Hi, welcome to visit!
Stone Crushing Machine : Machine and their principle pdf - We provide customers with a variety of good quality construction and mining crushing equipment, and optimize the combination of various types of equipment to meet different process.
8 PRINCIPLES OF OPERATION OF SYNCHRONOUS MACHINES Voltage e Î± Î± E phasor Ï‰ Fig. 1.7 A phasor E that can represent the voltage impressed on a circuit.The phasor is made of a vector with magnitude proportional to the magnitude of E rotating at a constant rotational speed Ï‰..
A â€¦
After WTG Morton's first public demonstration in 1846 of use of ether as an anaesthetic agent for many years anaesthesiologists did not require a machine to deliver anaesthesia to the patients.
Basic electronics pdf 2 Book Pdf 1 Download Principle of Power Systems by V.K mehta free 1 EDC book pdf 2 Electrical machine pdf 2 footprints without feet book pdf download 1 footprints without feet class 10 book pdf download 1 Fundamental of Power Electronics Book Erickson download 1 Fundamental of Power Electronics Book ...
Basic Principles of Synchronous Machine. A synchronous machine is just an electromechanical transducer that converts mechanical energy into electrical energy or vice versa. The fundamental phenomenon or law which makes these conversions possible is known as the Law of Electromagnetic Induction and Law of interaction..
Computer Networking : Principles Protocols and Practice Release techniques allow to create point-to-point links while radio-based techniques depending on the directionality of the antennas can be used to build networks containing devices spread over a small geographical area. 2.1.1The physical layer
EE321 Electrical Machines 1 Notes for Chapter 1 3 Angular acceleration - is defined as the rate of change in angular velocity with respect to time.Its formulation is as shown: d dt rads2 Torque 1. In linear motion a force applied to an object causes its velocity to change.
Energy principle subsumes the Bayesian brain hypothesis; or the notion that the brain is an inference or Helmholtz machine 7â€11. Note that we have effectively shown that biological agents must engage in some form of Bayesian perception to avoid surprising exchanges with the world. Box 1. The free-energy principle
Extracorporeal Blood Circuit Consists of an access device needles or catheter blood tubing blood pump and dialyzer. Includes a pump for continuous administration of heparin during dialysis. Role of the blood circuit is to deliver blood to the dialyzer at the prescribed flow rate and then return the blood to the patient. This goal must be achieved without damaging blood components and
HEG Boyle in the year 1917 modified the Gwathmey's machine and this became popular as Boyle anaesthesia machine. Though a lot of changes have been made for the original Boyle machine still the ...
I The Principles of X-ray Brraction 6.1. X-q ReJection according to W. L. Bragg Consider a set of Nf 1 equidistant atomic planes of spacing d and a monochromatic plane X-wave falling on it at a glancing angle 0 Fig. 6-l1. It is assumed that each atomic plane reflects a very small..
Machine and a plain horizontal milling machine is the addition of a table swivel housing between the table and the saddle of the universal machine. This permits the table to ... their uses and in a general way the The pitch refers to the angular distance between like or sizes best suited to the work at hand. adjacent teeth. 8-3.
Mar 26 2019 Laboratory Centrifuge: The machine its principle and types Biomall March 26 2019 0 A centrifuge is a machine that separates particles according to their size shape density and viscosity of the medium by subjecting them to artificially induced gravitational fields.
May 10 2020 single-point cutting tool. ... 12 Types of Spanners and Their Uses with ...
Motion as is required on most conventional machine tools CNC machines allow motion control in a revolutionary manner. â€¢All forms of CNC equipment have two or more directions of motion called axes. These axes can be precisely and automatically positioned along their lengths of travel. â€¢The two most common axis types are linear driven along a
Oct 12 2020 Electrophoresis is one of the widely used techniques in molecular biochemistry microbiology biomedical research. It is a type of protein separation method which relies on protein sizes to segregate the mixture.. It is one of the highly effective techniques of analysis and the sole method for the separation of proteins for western blot RNA studies etc. parallel or at right â€¦
Oct 21 2009 Working
Saint-Venantâ€™s Principle: Bearings â€¢ Saint-Venant: Linear Bearings: Shaft Sliding bearing in structure Wheel â€ LD 1 1.6:1 very good 3:1 super ideal â€ Every year some students try to make LD 1 and their machines jam! â€¢ Wide drawers guided at the outside edges can jam â€¢ â€¦
Second all of the cutting cools on a Swiss machine perform their duties next to the guide bushing reducing the deflection from the force of the tool as well as wobble from the rotation of the bar.Letâ€™s get started! Request a quote today! Swiss Machining at PTJPTJâ€™s two modernized facilities â€ DONGGUAN and Suzhou China â€ are ... start and stop of the sewing machine is then controlled with ...
Simple Machines Definitions to know: Work â€ done when an applied force causes an object to move in the direction of the force Energy â€ ability to cause change; can change the speed direction shape or temperature of an object Load â€ the weight being lifted by the simple machine Effort â€ effort is the force placed on the simple machine to move the load.
Stamping Machine is one of the principle machines in stamping industry amp; printing industry. It is mainly used as the name indicates to stamp the logo or any other symbols. stamping mechanism of paper useful in many kinds of organization like Universities Government offices Post offices Banks Colleges etc.
We provide quality and efficient solutions to our global customersYielding and Respect – Part 03 Weichen und Respekt – Teil 03 Before we can play safely, we have to establish some rules of respect. We want to be high-ranking, a good leader – and this does not mean bossing your …
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Subscribe
Join the mailing list
Check your email and confirm the subscriptionOur Team Since the inception of its green roof research program in 2002, BCIT has created an integrated research team from various disciplines (architecture, acoustics, building envelope science, engineering, landscape architecture, planning, horticulture, ecology, and land-use planning). In addition to research and faculty tasks, the team members all contribute to the Centre’s educational programs. The Centre’s research team includes: Faculty Maureen Connelly, BSc., BEDS., MArch., PhD. Director, Faculty, Centre for Architectural Ecology Faculty, Building Science Graduate Program />Combining a science background with a professional affiliation as an architect, Maureen Connelly founded the Centre of Architectural Ecology at BCIT. She also developed the vision, oversaw the construction and the instrumentation of the BCIT green roof research facility in 2002. Maureen’s initial research focused on the architectural and planning impact of greenroofs, which led to the Phase 1 research program [PDF 2.5MB] on stormwater and thermal performance. Maureen developed the first credited course on green roofs in Canada. Current research focus is on architectural acoustics with a specific focus on living architecture. Research subjects she currently leads includes: urban acoustics, outdoor sound propagation, building envelop noise control and sound transmission, acoustical building materials, quantification of the acoustical capacity of living architecture to reduce sound transmission through buildings, reduction of noise build up in urban areas, and enhancement of personal and shared soundscapes. Current course delivery includes BSCI 9060 Advanced Acoustics (graduate level course) and BSCI 7200 Acoustical Science and Ecology. Maureen is currently leading an initiative on soundscape and acoustical integration into whole building performance.. Link: Publications by Maureen Connelly Staff publish. GRIT for Vancouver, a Cascadia-wide green roof info think-tank. Omid Tamanna, M.Eng Building Science Research Analyst />Omid is an experienced civil Engineer. After graduating in 1990, he has worked on many projects in various roles, from designer on residential building construction, to project manager on heavy civil projects all the way to senior chief engineer at international NGO’s. Omid has always had a passion for research, and so has always maintained close contact with academic institutions and professional societies. Combined with his knowledge of building science and architectural acoustics, Omid’s experience in structural design, construction methods and building materials have been a great asset for developing research strategies, for planning and delivering projects, and for guiding graduate students in their research and dissertations. His current work at BCIT includes ongoing research, graduate acoustics and building science projects, industry contribution through academic publications, ASTM and ISO standard field and laboratory test operations, sustainable projects on-campus, and infrastructural development. Affiliated Research Groups at BCIT Building Science Centre of Excellence Technology Centre CONTACT US Mailing Address: British Columbia Institute of Technology Centre for Architectural Ecology NE3 – 3700 Willingdon Ave Burnaby, B.C., V5G 3H2 T: 604-432-8448 (General inquiry line) 604-456-8045 (Dr. Connelly) 604-454-2228 (Research staff) E: Please go to the Team page and click on the name of the person you wish to contact. Print a copy of our neighbouring street and campus maps [PDF]. WE ARE AT NE3, between NE1 and NE9. For more information on our courses contact: 604-456-1007..
Written by Riot Turtle
In Düsseldorf about 1000 people marched to state parliament and demanded from the state government of Nordrhine-Westphalia (NRW) to stop deportations to Afghanistan. Some other German states are already considering to stop the deportations. The civil war in Afghanistan continues but the federal German government started deportations into the war zone in December 2016. Activists said: “Although the German federal government is saying that Afghanistan is safe, German ministers always show up with helmets and bullet-proof vests when they visit Afghanistan.”
Video: Stop Deportations demo in Düsseldorf, Germany on Saturday February 11th:
In Wiesbaden, Hamburg, Berlin, Nürnberg, Augsburg, Hannover, Erfurt and other German cities people also took the streets to protest against deportations.
Images of the Stop Deportations demonstration in Düsseldorf, Germany on February 11th.
1 thought on “#AfghanistanIsNotSafe Thousands Joined #StopDeportations Demos In #Germany”
[…] month several German states decided to stop deportations of Afghan refugees to the war torn country after massive protests in airports and in front of state […]sorry this doesnt belong in pandoras box but I dont know were to put it anyways this dude wants to trade my 2003 yz450f for his 1988 ford festiva here is the pix of the car and the dirtbike my dirtbike is nice as fuck but I need a car pretty bad do u think I should trade🎃Create a Fantastic atmosphere for the Halloween party🎃
Uniqueness enveloped with beauty is what our Halloween decorating LED lights are offering you. This is definitely a cute addition to your Halloween decor. Pumpkin-shaped lights give a distinctive appearance and create a tranquil atmosphere of your garden and your house.
This string of warm Orange Halloween decorations lights in the shape of charming little pumpkins with 3D design will really dress up your porch, front path, or yard. Halloween pumpkin lights are made of sturdy plastic, so they are not easily breakable. Since the lights do not require a plug, they can be used anywhere and for any purpose.
👻Better than normal solar string lights👻
Ideal for decorating trees, shrubs, parasols, doorways, lawn, and indoor items. Also ideal for Halloween, Christmas, and other festivals lighting. The Halloween string lights are battery powered which requires 2 AA batteries(not included). Lower consumption and high brightness with no overheat after a long time using.
🎃Super Bright and Cute🎃
Super bright string lights and colorful design are the spotlight of your Halloween decorations. Make the most attractive and decorative garden among your neighbors. Absolutely perfect for casting a wickedly happy charm over your Halloween gathering.
>>IMAGETeX.)
If you try to update your TeXLive installation on Debian/Ubuntu, you may get an error message saying that it’s “running in user mode” and “can’t initialize TLPDB”. This may surprise you if you, like I, installed TeXLive not via the package manager but from the install script. The causes of this are two fold:
When you run
sudo tlmgrby default it does not inherit your path, so if you’ve installed TexLive into
/optor
/usr/localit will not be found. Normally this would just result in a “command not found” error except…
If you have also accidentally installed TeXLive through your package manager (e.g., as a dependency of something else), then the
tlmgrthat sudo will find will be that one. And Debian/Ubuntu TeXLive installations are built to never allow updates to be applied globally, only in user mode (and for good reason: the global set of TeXLive packages is the set that other packages depend on when they have TeXLive as a dependency).
The solution is to purge the package manager copy of TeXLive from your system:
sudo apt-get purge "texlive*"
To run
tlmgr via sudo, you’ll either need to explicitly set your path in it:
sudo env "PATH=$PATH" tlmgr update --all
or else add the path to
tlmgr to the
secure_path setting in
/etc/sudoers.
The latter is probably more secure, as it only allows running of tlmgr and the
associated
TeXLive tools from sudo, not everything in your path. (If you want to get all
fancy, you could add symlinks to the TeXLive binaries (
latex, etc.) into the
relevant locations, so that you could then force-install any repo packages that
depended on TeXLive, without installing TeXLive.)
Some of the wrong suggestions I saw in my search included:
“Run
tlmgr init-usertreeto setup your user TeXLive directories”. This won’t work because you almost certainly already have your usertree setup, so it will simply do nothing.
Install
xzdec. Apparently the repo copy depends on this, but it’s not listed as a dependency. But the non-repo TeXLive does not suffer from this.
“The behavior is as intended” – For repo-installed copies of TeXLive, yes. But not for the manually-installed version.Hazelwood Sports Club
Hazelwood Sports Club offers first class Tennis, Squash and Gym facilities with a great club atmosphere for players of all ages and standards. While the club only has outdoor tennis courts, three courts covered and heated under an air dome in winter. Therefore all local tennis players can enjoy perfect playing conditions all year round.
Social Play
If you want to play tennis regularly and meet new people then there’s plenty of social play to get involved with. In the summer, members meet on Tuesday evenings. Whereas in the winter, social play takes place on Thursday and Friday evenings. If you’re not yet a member, you’re welcome to trial one of these sessions for free.
Booking a court for your own play couldn’t be simpler, and can even be done online. So what are you waiting for?!
Coaching
With 7 coaches, regardless of your goal, Hazelwood Sports Club can enable you to reach it. All are highly qualified and offer a range of coaching from juniors to adults. There are many group lessons each week, and private one-two-one coaching is also available.
Competitive Tennis
Along with excellent coaching the club aims to encourage a competitive spirit. Club teams are active in Middlesex Cup as well as other local leagues.
Membership
As Hazelwood Sports Club offers a range of sports, it also offers a number of memberships. If you want to play tennis in the covered courts, then there is a specific membership available. If you want to use all of the club’s facilities including the gym and squash courts, then you can select this option. Of course many tennis players choose to play all week and on both indoor and outdoor surfaces.
Extras
The clubhouse is where members can chat over a drink or watch television. The perfect place to relax!With my bright pink polish, the sun won’t be able to resist! C’mon! #vietnam #muine #summer (at Mui Ne, Vietnam) 
Category: Vietnam
Son Tinh & Vietnam Beers
Beers They’re … Continue reading Son Tinh & Vietnam Beers
Latest trend in Hanoi?!
When we visited Hanoi for Christmas, we realized when we wandered around that we’ve found some interesting fashion trend in Hanoi that might be a good idea to collect and for Apple to be inspired: The iSHOE and the iBAG! 🙂 Continue reading Latest trend in Hanoi?!I am in the process of starting my online shop, introducing different forms of fashion at a reasonable price! $0 pledged of$5,000 goal 0 0Days Left Campaign ClosedYou no longer can pledge on the project Share Campaign Pitch Rewards Updates Funders FAQ Project Description Nana Mulan is a custom fashion brand that will provide a unique and one of a kind style. Introducing you to luxury clothing, along with footwear, handbags, & custom jewelry! This is no ordinary brand. No copy cat, or mediocre brand, but a brand that breeds creativity. I am seeking funding to help finish creating my brand and to help stock. I will use the funding to pay for my designs to be made And stocked, such as hand bags & footwear. will also use the funding to get manufacturing for my custom clothing & jewelry. Funding will lastly go to creating business cards and getting equipment to help with packaging and shipping. I am grateful to all funding and would like to thank everyone in advance Who chose to believing my company And help! ~Nana Mulan Updates The Campaign FAQs Frequently Asked Questions: This is a startup company! black owned! women owned! Monetary Contribution Just Because I Care 0 Supporters Select this reward About the Entrepreneur by Nana Mulan Middletown, DE Created 1 Campaign Lifestyle Rewards Monetary Contribution Just Because I Care 0 Supporters Select this reward‘I was born in 1932 and been in the business since I was 14 years old. When I was 18 I had to do National Service for a couple of year, you had to do that after the Second World War’.
London born Ray remembers his roots and where his life on stage began…
‘Originally the family were Irish and came over to Jarrow in the North East where my Dad was born, then he hitch hiked down to London to get work. After I completed my National Service I went up north and joined a repertory company in Blackburn for a couple of year, before auditioning for Brian Rix at London’s Whitehall Theatre where I ended up staying for seven years’.
Comedy and farce are the backbone of Ray’s work but a rock n roll swerve in 1977 saw a musical celebrating the life of Elvis Presley. The show opened at London’s Astoria Theatre with pop stars Shakin’ Stevens and PJ Proby playing the Elvis role in different stages of his life. Europe, Australia, Canada and Japan tours quickly followed.
‘I enjoyed the Elvis show so much. We got in touch with his agent and asked to put a show on about his life and he said sure go for it. So we went ahead and here we are over 40 years later talking about it’.
‘Having previously written with Tony Hilton and John Chapman, I then started to write my first solo play which was ‘Run For Your Wife’, that ended up running for nine years in London. We also had a six week run in New York and that went well, really delightful’.
Various TV and film stars appeared in the 1982 and 83 productions of ‘Run For Your Wife’ including Richard Briers (The Good Life, Ever Decreasing Circles), Bernard Cribbins (Carry On, Tales of the Unexpected) Bill Pertwee (Dad’s Army) and Carol Gill (Robin’s Nest, Carry On).
The show was first performed at the Windsor then promoted to the Shaftsbury Theatre, London.
‘My process is I write the play, then have a rehearsed reading which we do in my house or garden, I always play in it, and that’s where I get a real good feel for it. I do a re-write then we go to Guildford or Windsor Theatre and do a three week production’.
‘After that I do a re-write then a short six week tour and another re-write. By the time we come to do it in the West End it’s really, really polished and the play is then set in stone’.
‘The premise is basically simple and that’s why they play so well, in fact my plays are played all around the world, and in Poland ‘Run For Your Wife’ has been playing for over 27 years and is still running’.
‘Also in Russia my plays, play for months and months and they love them – because the basic premise is so easy to understand’.
‘The well-known actors who I’ve worked with in the past, like Richard Briers and Donald Sindon, know what I’ve done with the play so respect it and rehearsals are really fun. Plus any producer who does them knows what would have gone in to them’.
With a skill set of actor, writer and director, Ray added producer, with west end credits including Chicago, Andy Capp, Elvis, Jack the Ripper and Birds of Paradise. Is he thinking of slowing down ?
‘I’m not writing anymore, I don’t have the feeling to write, but there is a lovely little dinner theatre near Reading called The Mill at Sonning Theatre. They love doing my plays there and I always go down to see them’.
‘I’ve directed a couple there and even though they were written years ago they still play wonderfully well. They do dinner before the show and it’s around £60 a ticket – it’s always packed out’.
‘Looking back I’ve been very fortunate over the years because my plays are done all over the world. I’ve been really, really lucky – you betcha’.
For more info on Ray check his official website, Facebook and Twitter accounts:
Interview by Gary Alikivi September 2021.Blaine Young 丨Public Health Watch
- “Nobody’s making a big enough deal about this,” said Dr. Irene Stafford, an OB-GYN and maternal-fetal medicine specialist in Houston. “What will it take? Where is the funding, where are the big media campaigns? …We have babies dying from something 100% preventable, so where is the big response?”2 - 8 players, 6 yrs & up
Spot It has been a favorite at the Happy Up stores for a really long time. It adapts to a wide range of ages, is always a fresh game to play, and packs easily. What’s not to love?
Each card has several symbols on it, and each of those symbols will match with only ONE other card in the deck. Your goal is to be the one to find the match on your card and the card in the middle of the table. Before anyone else!
Fast playing, with five different ways to play, it’s sure to become a favorite of yours, too!
PS-- we've played with younger than 6 yrs old and had a great time. As long as the youngsters have the ability to stay focused on the gameplay and stick to the rules, they'll enjoy it. No reading, so even your kindergartners can play independently. And probably win with their crazy fast little hands and reflexes!We're on the ninth week of our chulent (a.k.a. cholent) experiment (I'm trying a new recipe every week, as long as my friends keep providing!). This week's chulent was a concession to my son, Yaakov Yosef, who will eat as much marrow as I will allow him to. He spreads it on challah, sprinkles it lightly with salt, and savors every bite. (For the uninitiated, marrow has the texture and fattiness of butter, with a rich meaty flavor. Click here to read more about cooking with and eating bone marrow.)
This chulent is a variation on my mother's meat chulent, but it's heavier and even more richly flavored than the original. Not for the faint of heart (or stomach), this chulent is just the thing for hungry kids and husbands who want a really rich Shabbos lunch experience. (Click here for the original, lighter version.)
Here are links to all of the other recipes we've tried so far.
- Rivki's Turkey Chulent, a light recipe featuring wheat berries and sweet potatoes
- Esther Shemtob's Hamin, a traditional Sephardic lamb dish with fantastic flavors
- Ayala Cohen's Meat Chulent, featuring frozen french fries and barbecue sauce
- Sarah Stampler's Meat Chulent, with cilantro and red wine
- My Mommy's Meat Chulent, a good basic recipe with cumin and chili powder for interest
- Argentinian Meat Chulent, with dried corn
- Vegetarian Chulent, with butternut squash
- Indian Style Chicken Chulent, with brown rice and lentils
- Indian Inspired Turkey Chulent, with chickpeas and wheat berries
Richest Meat Chulent
1/2 bag mixed chulent beans
1 cup pearl barley
3 Idaho potatoes, cubed
1-2 pounds of flanken
4-6 marrow bones
1 onion, chopped
15 cloves of garlic, peeled
1 tablespoon cumin
1 tablespoon chili powder
1 teaspoon paprika
1/8 teaspoon hot paprika.
Yum! I love salad with roasted veggies in them.
I haven't made a Chulent in ages but with this rain lately, I'm thinking this Shabbos would be a great time to try a new recipe! These all look delicious!Job Description
12-month contract basis to join a great banking services operations team as a Client Service Manager (Funds Management).
Great opportunity for a skilled Fund Accountant, with a desire to undertake career progress and project-orientated work.
A leading financial services organisation are looking for a Client Services Manager to join their stable & talented team on a 12-month contract basis to contribute to the successful delivery and integration of client restructures, closures, new business, or complex transitions.
This is an excellent opportunity for a skilled fund accountant to leverage off your expertise and move into the transition’s management arena.To achieve this, we seek individuals who have solid years of work experience across Financial Services, with specific technical knowledge of:
- fund accounting and unit pricing,
- investment administration,
- custody operations.
In addition, if you hold direct Implementation / Transition Management or similar experience, with a proven track record, this will be advantageous.
This career opportunity will focus on the implementation management of client transition and restructure requests, and therefore will require a solid understanding of stakeholder management and good working knowledge of custody investment administration tasks, including asset management and Superannuation Funds.
12-month fixed term contract with excellent remuneration & benefits.
Applications welcome - interviews taking place this week:Del.
Room Facilities: Harbour view, Safe, AC, WiFi, Sitting area with Sofa, Fan, Minibar, Tea/Coffee facility, Robes, Private Bathroom with Shower, Hairdryer, Toiletries
Room Size: 45 m²
Bed Size(s): 1 King Or 2 Twin
Check further booking details, room supplements, terms, conditions and taxes and Make a reservation now.submitted by thefortunatetrade1 to u/thefortunatetrade1 [link] [comments]
submitted by hotforexsignal1 to u/hotforexsignal.
[index] [3443] [4510] [4159] [1539] [5329] [452] [1603] [1082] [5561] [1041]
Best Forex Signals Provider , Trusted Performance , 90% Accuracy.. FOREX LENS REVIEW - BEST FOREX TRADING SIGNAL SERVICE (2019) Brought to you by Forex Lens - Your Eye into the Markets! Subscribe to our Channel:...When, she created a much more enticing version of the simple tree diagram. For understandable reasons, it has gone viral:
If you’re interested in learning more, check out this page where Sundberg offers a comparison chart of words in the Nordic languages. She also illustrates what an outlier Finnish is with the concept of “meow.”
Order a poster of this Tree of Languages here. Read Stand Still. Stay Silent here. Also see Sundberg’s previous work, A Redtail’s Dream, here.
Via Mental Floss
By Amanda Froelich Truth Theory
This article (The Tree Of Languages Illustrated In One Gorgeous Infographic) was published on Truth Theory and it is re-posted here under Creative Commons License.
Facebook CommentsAeries Ideas
Demographics - Add New Field for Student Pronouns
Students who self identify differently need to have field where they can declare which pronouns they are.
she/her/hers
he/him/his
they/them/theirs
ze/zir/zirs45 votes
Allow Transcripts to be printed by teacher and sorted by period
Please add an option to Print transcripts by Teacher and sorted by period in the student transcripts report. This is so we can print all students in all periods (P. 1-6 in order) for one teacher (not all teachers).
Thank you-7 votes
Attendance Percentages by Teacher Report with Date Range
We would like to request an attendance report that contains class room attendance percentages by teacher with the option to select date range and sort by grade level.106 votes
Online Enrollment - Update Home Language Survey if blank
Online enrollment matching on a student that already exists in the system should update the LAC.L1-L4 if they are blank.10 votes
Create an Attendance Enrollment Management Page
We need a page for when students go on independent study as a result of short-term quarantine that allows us to mass update groups of students in and out of attendance programs and updates their attendance program status on both the attendance enrollment and the student program in the demographics page. It's super tedious to individually click to change the status for each child each time they are temporarily online.8 votes
Hello, I wanted to let you know that development is starting on this item, and it will be shipped when testing is completed.
All reports to honor a KEEP/SKIP query
Please make all reports capable of honoring the KEEP/SKIP query.10 votes0 comments · Reports · Admin →
Optional number of days setting in Flex Schools for forward posting
Forward-posting Attendance in a Flex School generates a warning message. Customer would like an option to set the number of days.9 votes
Seating chart - Option to display the list of students alphabetically
Teacher request - When I go to create a seating chart and then choose by photo, the students come up in alpha order by “ First “ name. Is there a way to change that to see students by photo in Last name alpha order so it matches our roster?5 votes
Online Enrollment - Print All Uploaded Documents
When printing applications from Aeries Online Enrollment, the attachments automatically print as well. This will eliminate having to go in individually to print each document the parent uploads.8 votes:
Academic Plan Failed Courses
Currently failed courses disappear on the academic plan. Please keep the course that was failed, highlight in a different color so we can at least view the course that was failed. Otherwise, it just disappears. This would be so helpful to know what course and when it wasn't passed.5 votes
Change CASEMIS import process to use SPED and SSRV ODS extracts from CALPADS
Since Special Education information is synched nightly to CALPADS directly from the SpEd systems, it would be great if the two ODS extracts for SpEd information (SPED & SSRV) could use the CASEMIS import process to update the CSE and CSV tables. It could also update the new SWD Indicator to keep it reconciled with CALPADS.77 votes
Daily Medical Log - create a read-only view
Currently, a user can only see Daily Medical Log if given Read AND Insert permission to MED, which a lot of the time the user should not have Insert permission to MED. Would be great to be able to grant a user viewing rights only to Daily Medical Log: Read to MED, and not having to also give the user Insert rights to MED.3 votes
Clean PWS/PWA to be added to Web version
Please convert to Aeries (Web version) an option for “cleaning” PWA and PWS accounts.9 votes
Google Categories into Aeries Gradebook Categories
For Aeries Gradebook, enable the ability to import "Categories" from the Google Classroom.87 votes
College Articulations - Allow more Courses
Please update the College Articulation table in Aeries to process multiple course numbers. Currently, it is only looking for a single course #. We have districts who are using multiple course numbers per school year: e.g., HR7131 = Fall, HR7132 = Spring, or HR7130 = 1 Semester Course. Also, we have combined courses (up to 4 course numbers) that requires students to complete before they earn the college credit. Please allow up to 4 possible course #’s.15 votes
Online Enrollment - Add Income Survey
Please add the Income Survey to Online Enrollment69 votes
- Don't see your idea?Why I work with Pure Fiji
Why I work with Pure Fiji, they represent the lifestyle in the Pacific. Pristine environment, a bounty of fresh and
Simple guide to Ear Candling
Ear Candling is the holistic way of treating ear aches and other common issues related to the ear and sinuses.
Awards & Testimonials
Awarded 2021 Therapist of the Year – Corporate Live Wire Prestige Awards
Awarded 2nd Place for 2020 and ranked in the Top 25 Most Popular Health & Fitness Service – Geelong & District Region since 2015.
Thanks Sally for my fantastic massage today, my body is feeling so much more relaxed, I'll be coming back for sure.
Thank you, Sally. Your miracle hands really did some wonders! Feeling refreshed and calm after a beautiful session. The atmosphere was comfortable and definitely loved the oil you used for the massage! My skin is glowing now. Will definitely be back again!
Very happy and relaxed customer! Will be a returning again in the near future. Very nice lady with magic hands. Thanks again Sally
The best massage ever. Totally relaxing and to my liking. Sally was and is the best. Very kind, friendly and considerate. Takes the time to listen to your concerns. Will definitely be back for many more. Worth every cent. Thanks Sally for a quality service.
Thank you Sally for my remedial massage. To say I was tentative at the start is an understatement. You made me feel totally relaxed and it wasn't as scary as I thought :-). I will definitely be rebooking in the future I can feel the difference. Cheers
Went to see Sally as a stressed out mess in agony. Left feeling best I have felt in a long time. Best thing was I didn’t leave feeling like I had gone 10 rounds in a fight nor the next day. The pain in my back was actually gone. Thank you Sally..see you soon xx
Best massage I've ever had today by Sally! Can not thank her enough. I'm probably the weakest person but she was massaging me deeper than anyone could and it felt amazing! Defiantly rebooking for every month to get one because she is so highly skilled & knows how to leave you walking out feeling blissful!! Thankyou sal!!
Awesome relaxing massage by Sally. Nodded off a few times!
Loved my massage, helped my sore back. Great business to deal with, Sally is always on time. No waiting.
Wow!!!! My massage was amazing. Sally is professional and friendly. Can't wait for my next visit. Do yourself a favour people. 🙂
I was most impressed. Sally has a professional set-up. The atmosphere was warm and inviting with comfortable seating while getting undressed. The massage itself was just bliss. I came home on Cloud 9. Best I've felt for a long time. Will definitely be going back.Presented in no particular order, here are 5 deeply engrained ideas or practices in education that we follow, zombie-like, without asking if they are the best ways to promote student learning:
- Number grades
- Subject areas (science, English, reading, math, history, etc.)
- Daily (and yearly) schedules
- Report cards
- Age-based grade levels
I think we could have some REALLY interesting faculty meetings just based on these pillars of education. What else should we question more? Could we do better, or are our current conceptions and applications of these things sound?
Recent CommentsHKMB Hong Kong Means Business
The Covid-19 pandemic has driven rapid growth in e-commerce in Central Asia. Kazakhstan, the most advanced and e-ready market in the region, has plenty of room for expansion as competition remains limited. More
Supply chain management is the biggest challenge for electronics makers. Initiatives such as the GBA and agreements like the RCEP, can help members of organisations such as the HKEIA expand both their market and the reach of their supply chain. More
The RCEP agreement will play an important role in promoting regional economic integration. Strong economic growth momentum in South-east Asia is creating opportunities for Chinese companies that are actively expanding overseas. More
The Singapore Trade Data Exchange (SGTraDex) is to be launched by the government-backed Infocomm Media Development Authority (IMDA) in association with a number of banks, ports, shipping companies and commodity exporters. More
A railway connecting Lagos, Nigeria’s most populous city, with Ibadan, its third most populous, is now open for both freight and passenger business. The new service should radically improve the flow of goods between the two cities, the economic corridor in between, and Lagos’ Apapa port complex. More
The newly-established Brunei Darussalam Food Authority (BDFA) is responsible for ensuring that food products in the country are safe for consumption and comply with all the relevant consumer protection quality standards. More
Hong Kong is an international logistics and transport hub in the GBA as well as a regional financial and professional services centre. According to Wayne Zhijun Ouyang, Vice General Manager of Shenzhen China Brilliant Group, his company, taking advantage of Hong Kong’s ideal geographic location, makes use of the airfreight, shipping and customs clearance services in the territory to access the international market. More
Hong Kong is well prepared to be a business platform that fosters business and trading activities between mainland China and ASEAN. According to a survey, respondents were largely satisfied with the supply chain and logistics services offering in Hong Kong. Its function as a multilateral trade platform is underpinned by its free-trade policy and a high level of accessibility to mainland China and ASEAN markets. More
The government has announced seven measures designed to spur the development of ancillary manufacturing sectors over the next ten years, with a particular focus on the garment, footwear and electronics industries. More
China is the latest country to sign up to an international initiative founded by Singapore and New Zealand, which aims to maintain trade and supply chain connectivity amid the ongoing challenge of the coronavirus outbreak. More
Don't have an account?
successfully added on your preferences.We continue to monitor COVID-19 case counts and make adjustments depending on local trends. To see the most current guidelines for classes & events offered by Intermountain Healthcare.
Learn More
Sanpete Valley Hospital offers a variety of support services to our patients and their loved ones.
This free online resource offers anytime, anywhere education powered by YoMingo®, a program designed to give you the tools and support you need at every stage?Welcome to 813 Travel ! | Online Destination Guide and Booking
A growing number of passengers are flying again as travel restrictions are being lifted. With that, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has also noticed a rise in cases of unacceptable passenger behavior. After FAA Administrator Steve Dickson signed an order a Zero Tolerance Policy toward unruly passenger behavior on January 13, 2021, the administration has fined 120 passengers a total of over $1 million in 2021 as of August 19. Of the 3,889 reports, 2,867 are for passengers who refused to follow the federal mask mandate.
The second most expensive fine was $42,000 against a passenger on a JetBlue flight on May 16 from New York to San Francisco. The passenger was fined for interfering with crewmembers after failing to comply with the facemask mandate, making non-consensual physical contact, throwing things, and threatening bodily harm, including stabbing gestures toward other passengers. The passenger was also found snorting what “appeared to be” cocaine from a plastic bag.
The policy was adopted not only because of mask mandates. The FAA noticed an increase of reports they attributed to alcohol consumption, as well as violence towards flight attendants. Although FAA regulations specifically prohibit alcohol consumption aboard an aircraft that isn’t served by the airline, some airlines have even gone as far as to ban alcohol from in-flight menus. But the FAA has also requested airports ask concessionaires to discontinue alcohol to go, which can cause passengers to believe they can carry that alcohol onto their flights.
Other major fines trend toward the egregious. On a Republic Airlines flight on Feb. 28, from Key West, Florida, to Charlotte, North Carolina, a passenger was fined $17,000 for failing to comply with the facemask mandate, drinking alcohol not served by the airline, and attempting to use a vape pen. A $10,000 fine resulted from a passenger on an Allegiant Airlines flight on April 29, after failing to comply with the facemask mandate and urinating on the lavatory floor, which leaked into the galley area.
The FAA is only able to fine offenders but instructs airlines to call for law enforcement when necessary. Along with traditional PSAs, the FAA has also created a “Kids Talk” video where kids disapprove of adults who behave poorly on flights. It has also created memes that it shares on social media.
View this post on Instagram
A post shared by The FAA (@faa)
A post shared by The FAA (@faa)
“As a former commercial airline captain, I know firsthand that disruptive passengers pose a safety risk to the crew and to other passengers. Flying is the safest mode of transportation and we intend to keep it that way,” Dickson said in a Public Service Announcement on July 16.
The post The FAA has fined unruly passengers more than $1 million in 2021 so far>TEMPO.CO, Jakarta - COVID-19 vaccination coverage in Medan city, North Sumatra, has currently reached 62.25 percent, stated Medan Mayor Bobby Afif Nasution.
"The target vaccine recipients in Medan city is more than 1.9 million people; 65.25 percent of the targeted recipients have been vaccinated," the mayor informed while monitoring a mass vaccination program held by the Communication Forum of Indonesian Veterans' Children (FKPPI) of North Sumatra at the TPI Polonia Class I Immigration Office on Saturday.
Nasution said he believes that the number of targeted Medan residents eligible to receive the vaccine will increase since the Ministry of Health is currently reviewing the possibility of administering COVID-19 vaccines to children under 12 years.
"We are still waiting for the plan to vaccinate children aged under 12 years old; the limit is up to children aged five years. There has been a discourse (regarding the plan). We will continue to follow it up with the Ministry of Health," he affirmed.
The Medan city government is currently boosting vaccinations so that community immunity or herd immunity can be reached quickly in the city to aid nationwide efforts to contain the pandemic.
"Today, one thousand doses of Pfizer vaccine were administered during the vaccination held by the FKPPI," the mayor informed.
Medan residents are being administered Sinovac and Pfizer vaccines, he said.
"In Medan, there are already two vaccine brands, Sinovac and Pfizer, which are being provided to the community. For health workers, there is also Moderna" he informed.
In a bid to boost immunity against COVID-19, the Indonesian government launched a nationwide vaccination program on January 13, 2021. President Joko Widodo was the first recipient of the program.
According to the Health Ministry's data, as of October 23, 2021, nearly 112,271,928 citizens have received their first COVID-19 vaccine dose, while 67,165,732 have been fully vaccinated against the virus.
Read: Covid-19 Update Per October 23: 802 New Cases, 23 Deaths
ANTARAAbout DHgate
Get low prices on top selling products such as but not limited to wedding dresses, tablet pc, and cell phones. Sellers on DHgate offer a huge range of goods from China at very attractive prices.+ Show More
2021 New Luxury Womens Party Dress Fashion Long Sleeve Zipper Dress Designer Female Solid Color Dress
$22.19As many advantages as there are to playing casino online games, such as convenience, more games, no waiting, higher return to player rates and so on, there is one aspect of online casino gaming that casinos have tried to replicate but have been unable to thus far. That is recreating the atmosphere on the floor of a real land based casino.
Old Hat New Hat
Many online casinos have instituted a Live Casino section. There is also new technology that makes the Live Casino from an online platform more real than it has ever been. Nevertheless, everyone agrees that it’s not like the real thing.
So, the breaking news coming from Atlantic City’s Golden Nugget, that they have developed technology that will allow online players to compete with players who are actually on the casino floor. This has always been the ultimate goal of the online Live Casino but until now almost all online Live Casinos have taken place in a studio.
Players could interact with the dealers or croupiers but there was still lacking the feeling of being at a land based casino.
Starting with Roulette
The Atlantic City Golden Nugget is starting the new adventure with a dedicated roulette table. The game will be called Live Casino Floor Roulette. The new game was introduced at the online casino GoldenNuggetCasino.com. So, the feed originates from the Golden Nugget’s online casino and brings the players directly to the parent Golden Nugget land based casino floor.
The Golden Nugget is happy to be introducing this technological breakthrough. It gives much-needed exposure to both the land based casino and the online casino under the Golden Nugget brand. Players on the floor will be shown that the casino’s online section is worth playing at when they are not at the Atlantic City casino.. Online players have long clamored for more realistic Live Casino action from the convenience and comfort of their homes. The casino hopes that this venture will satisfy this felt need of so many online players.
Land Based Yet No Waiting
The roulette table and action are streamed in real time to participating players online. The big difference between this venture and all those that came before from all other online casinos is that this roulette table sits on the casino floor and everyone on the floor who plays there knows that the action is being live streamed to thousands of computers and mobile devices around the state.
Live Casino Floor Roulette will be available to anyone in New Jersey on a 24/7 basis. It marries the best aspects of real land based casino gaming—the wonderful atmosphere of live gaming—with the best aspects of online gaming which are that there is never any waiting to play. The Golden Nugget was virtually ecstatic in its statement to the media: “For the first time in the US, patrons on the casino floor, on a computer on a smartphone can play simultaneously on the same roulette table, 24/7.”
An Entire Industry Turns its Eye to Atlantic City
The entire gaming industry in Atlantic City is hoping this venture succeeds and that they will also be able to develop the live streaming technology to do the same at their casinos. In the last decade, five Atlantic City casinos have closed. Online revenues have increased at the Marina District Golden Nugget. Today, that casino is still the only one licensed to offer online gaming in New Jersey.
Throughout the state and across the US generally online gaming revenues are increasing on a year to year basis by more than 10% while many land based concerns struggle to increase revenues at al. That does not mean that land based casinos are going out of business; far from it. It does mean, however, that online gaming poses a profound challenge to land based casino operators.
This merger of sorts, between land based casino gaming with online casino gaming may be the way both gaming sectors see revenues increasing in substantial numbers.
Technology Created by High Tech Company
The technology is the product of a company called Ezugi. The CEO of the New Jersey office, Kfir Kugler, said in a statement that “This product shows the current power of live-streaming technology and demonstrates Ezugi’s ability to work with its partners on delivering complex products.” The Ezugi technological breakthrough is also part of the high tech revolution that has been leading the Israeli economy for twenty years and has contributed waves of technological innovations that everyone in the world uses from cell phones to bar codes and much more. The name Ezugi, in Hebrew, means “odd” as in “odd or even”.
Ezugi has been active since 2013 in the online gaming sector providing live dealer solutions, mobile gaming solutions, and distribution solutions to both online and land based casino clients.
The new technology that the Golden Nugget has introduced is still in its experimental stage. The technology was first used quietly in March as Ezugi and the Golden Nugget looked for flaws both minor and major that needed to be dealt with. The quiet launch was so successful that the Golden Nugget has now introduced its Live Casino Floor Roulette for all online gamers in New Jersey.
Other Games to Follow
If the experiment with roulette proves successful, the casino will likely expand toward craps and possibly blackjack and poker.views
If you are a do it yourselfer, and you have some DIY home improvement projects in mind, you should check out some home improvement videos on the world wide web. Even if you are an experienced DIY home improvement enthusiast, you might find a home improvement video that features some new tips and techniques that can help you refine your skills. Just make sure that you are watching a home improvement video posted by someone with a good reputation and a proven track record of success. After all, you do not want to follow the advice of someone that does not know what they are doing; you might make a costly or dangerous mistake if you follow the wrong home improvement video.
If you find a good home improvement video on the web, you should see if the person who published it has released a whole series of videos. Finding just one good video about DIY home improvement can open you up to a wealth of knowledge, and introduce you to some approachable DIY projects that you might have thought were above your level of expertise in the past. You can also join discussion forums about DIY home improvement. You can share your thoughts and opinions about the home improvement videos that you have found with other do it yourselfers, and you might get exposed to a new videos series that you had not found yet on your own. Discussion forums where people talk about DIY projects and home improvement video is a great way to network with like minded individuals, learn new home improvement techniques, and even make new friends, so check them out today and join in on the conversation.MIGRANTS ARE WELCOME
Programme: Erasmus+
Key Action: Support for policy reform Action Type: Dialogue between young people and policy makers
SUMMARY
The project promoted by AICS and 9 partners born with the ambition to promote and stimulate projects to promote social inclusion for migrants. In SPECIFIC we want to offer innovative possibilities of education, training and employment for disadvantaged community, a fighting discrimination and define a new agenda for integration of migrants.
The project aims to:
• promote participation in democratic life in Europe, active citizenship, intercultural dialogue, solidarity and foster quality improvements in youth work;
• Increase the International Dimension of the activities in the youth sector and the role of youth workers and the involved organizations.
The MAW's specific objectives are :
• Improving Theoretical Knowledge Of Operators and committed social worker in inclusion projects and integration of migrants.
• share best practices adopted From the Organizations on the theme of inclusion and integration of migrants.
• Improving the quality of services from partner organizations on the local and national
• Strengthen the partnership among the organizations involved also for future international projects on the subject of inclusion.
• Promote Advocacy Actions
MIGRANTS ARE WELCOME includes a INTERNATIONAL MEETING (1/5 October 2018) to be held in Ciampino, Rome where will be drafted the Guidance Document for inclusion projects and will be started a web campaign against racism
Each partner will involve 4 young people (25/30 age), plus 1 expert on youth policy and immigration. The project will involve 20 participants with fewer opportunities (10 migrants and 10 with economic difficulties) for a total of 50 participants.
Maw's direct beneficiaries are young people who work, or aspire to be included, in the staff of partner organizations engaged in the implementation of social inclusion projects for migrants.
We expect the organization of 9 local dissemination events with a participation of at least 90 young people at a total of 900 young people; the launch of a web campaign (discussed in Rome) at the same time by all 9 partners; and the future participation of participants in other international mobility projects, the organization of other social inclusion projects for migrants to be developed in local partner communities.
Political Decisional Makers
Bruno Molea
President AICS Associazione Italiana Cultura Sport, and President CSIT World Sports Games e Member of National Council CONI. Former Italian MP. He is a member of the National Executive of the Third Sector Forum and is elected Vice President of the International Organization of Social Tourism in 2009.
Mattia Di Tommaso
President SOS Europa and Idea Europa. Degree in Law at University of Rome Tor Vergata. Master's Degree in “International Protection of Human Rights” at the University “La Sapienza” in Rome. He attended the multidisciplinary course "Political asylum in the European Union". Elected member of the Executive Council of the Youth Forum of Lazio. He worked at the European Parliament in Brussels. He worked in the Italian Office of the United Nations. Coordinator of EuroGames Roma 2019 and Young Leaders
Cosimo Renzi
Regional expert of C.O.N.I. (Italian Olympic Commitee) on intercultural activity with operational experiences in social-educational, migration and social marginalities fields. Member of the council of the sport club ASD “AICS Accoglienza Solidale” which has the aim of promoting social inclusion of sylum-seekers and refugees. Manager of the Welcoming Centre for asylum-seekers “Accoglienza Solidale” located in Firenze: management of the social cohesion of migrants’ community. Member of the organizing committee of AICS CSIT World Sports Games in Lignano Sabbiadoro. AICS International affairs Office worker Project team member for Eu projecting
PARTNER
Our very minimal celebration of the Christmas season continues here today with a look at covers of the song that in recent years has become my favorite Christmas tune: “Christmas (Baby Please Come Home).”
Written by Phil Spector, Ellie Greenwich and Jeff Barry, the song’s first appearance was in a performance by Darlene Love on the 1963 album A Christmas Gift for You from Phil Spector. It’s become better known in recent years for Love’s annual Christmas week performance of the song on The Late Show With David Letterman. (This year’s performance is scheduled for Friday evening.)
Over the past few years, we’ve decorated our tree sparely here at Echoes In The Wind with Love’s live versions of “Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)” and with John Lennon’s original version of “Happy Xmas (War Is Over)” as well as some covers of the latter tune. This year, I thought, we’d find a cover of “Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)” to hang on our tree.
As thorough as All-Music Guide might be in its listings (and I sometimes wonder about that), it’s hard to know exactly how many cover versions there might be of any song. In the case of “Christmas (Baby Please Come Home),” AMG notes that there are just more than a hundred CDs that offer a version of the song. There are also listings with other punctuations, about twenty-five of them. Many of those listings will be duplicates, of course. Just at a guess, I’d say one can find references to maybe forty different versions of the song in the AMG listings. (I also looked at Amazon, and found a list there of about a hundred mp3s of the tune, many of those duplicating each other.)
Maybe half of those listings at AMG are of the original Darlene Love version. In the other half, we find covers of the tune by Mariah Carey, the New Bomb Turks, Leighton Meester, Brenda K. Starr, Flash Cadillac, the Desires, Death Cab For Cutie, Joey Ramone, Sha Na Na, and many other performers, including some whose names I don’t recognize. I passed those by.
I did take a listen to quite a few covers of the song in the past few days, including versions by Hanson, Michael Bublé, Melissa Etheridge, Cher and Dion. Of those, I’d recommend the Dion version.
The cover I liked most, however, was one I would have guessed I wouldn’t like at all when I began to dig. In 1989, the album A Very Special Christmas was released as a benefit for the Special Olympics. Among the acts who appeared on the album were the Pointer Sisters, the Eurhythmics, Run DMC, Sting, John Mellencamp, Bon Jovi and Stevie Nicks.
Also on the album was U2, which put together its own version of “Christmas (Baby Please Come Home),” one that I like quite a lot (though I can do without the spoken introduction):Green Party conference backs free social care for disabled adults
The Green Party has been meeting in Birmingham for their autumn conference. After a flurry of speeches from the party’s leadership, members have now begun debating and voting on policy motions.
On Saturday 23 October, members voted to back a policy of free social care for disabled adults. The motion stated that:
personal care and support for disabled adults.
The policy passed by members commits the party to supporting a system of care which is fully publicly funded, free at the point of use and “underpinned by a workforce with good pay, conditions, training and career structure”. According to the Green Party, this would end of a system in which many people have to pay for private social care, which has been estimated to cost £11 billion per year, and even those who receive publicly-funded social care end up paying a total of more than £3 billion towards their support.
Speaking on the motion, Larry Sanders – the party’s former health and care spokesperson, and the brother of the once US Democratic Presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders – said:
The NHS is based on the principle that need, not wealth, should determine the health care we get. Today, the Green Party backed. The Tory government said that charges should be capped at £86,000. We say they should be capped at zero.
We also committed ourselves to good pay and conditions for care workers and to giving family carers the support they need.
This article was jointly published with Left Foot Forward.
PS. We hope you enjoyed this article. Bright Green has got big plans for the future to publish many more articles like this. You can help make that happen. Please donate to Bright Green now.Riverhead Author Marlon James Reveals MOON WITCH, SPIDER KING Release Date & Cover Art, Sparks Online Frenzy
Booker Prize-winning author Marlon James sparked an online frenzy among readers, booksellers and the media last week when Riverhead Books revealed the February 15, 2022 release date for and cover art of MOON WITCH, SPIDER KING, the highly anticipated second installment of James’ Dark Star trilogy, his “African Game of Thrones. ” Among the reactions: “I literally jumped off my couch, no lie,” “I’ll be lining up after I recover from passing out when I saw this cover,” and “OMGGGGGG. HEART RATE ACCELERATING. I cannot wait.”
This announcement also quickly spawned ITS VERY OWN MEME—the ultimate test of iconic status. MOON WITCH, SPIDER KING is the highly anticipated follow-up to James’ New York Times bestselling Black Leopard, Red Wolf—which is being adapted for the screen by Michael B. Jordan—and depicts the same events told in Black Leopard, only this time told through the lens of Sologon, the Shadow Witch. Part adventure tale, part chronicle of an indomitable woman who bows to no man, it is a fascinating novel that explores power, personality, and the places where they overlap.
In an interview posted on GIZMODO, James shares how he came to use this “Rashomon technique” for MOON WITCH, SPIDER KING: “In several traditional African and diaspora stories, there is no authentic version, no director’s cut, no one truth to rule them all, which is very much a western thing to do, but also a reductive thing to do.
“Then there is this—in a lot of African folk tales, the trickster is the one telling you the story, or it’s about him, which ties you to his perspective, his world view, even his biases and prejudices..”
To read the complete GIZMODO interview with Marlon James, click here."Inner Space is a remarkably clever little game, suitable for all ages and skill levels. The idea of incorporating the icons associated with files into a playable game, creating game levels out of directories and applications, is simply brilliant. While the gameplay is fairly standard shoot and collect, the addition of social relationships between various cyberspacial teams makes the game deeper than average for the genre. Also the fact that the game adjusts it's violence level to the actions of the player is the type of interactivity that more game designers should emulate. I have been screaming about the concept for years, it is pleasing to see someone actually do it.
The overall effort on Inner Space shows both love and heart. The creators gave a damn about what they were making, something which shows in every aspect of the game. While not at the programming or artistic level of more corporate professional works, this is the kind of game that wins with sheer spunk. This is the work of little, independent game creators, trying to be professional and innovative within a worn genre. Best known for the After Dark screen savers, Software Dynamics programmers have won me over with their determination to make a game.
This is no Quake, or Final Fantasy. It doesn't try to be. It is a fun, addictive little game that will tailor itself to your style of play, it could be utterly non-violent, or a constant blast fest, according to your actions. It even provides an editor to create your own ships, a feature I applaud. I recommend Inner Space with only the most minor of reservations, in that it could be tweaked a bit and bettered. For one, I would require that a single interface handle all functions once selected, rather than having to split attention twixt keyboard and joystick, for instance. I would add an option for the joystick to work the same way as the keyboard (frictionless thrusting movement ala Space War), and I would definitely perk up the graphics. The sound code sometimes seems to glitch. But kudos to the womyn that did the voice-overs, her sultry, suggestive voice has a strikingly professional sound.
This is fine work, for what it is. Inner Space is a wonderful, simplistic little time waster. It is inexpensive, lovingly made, enjoyable, and unpretentious. It is the little game that could. Quite simply, it is gentle fun." Best of all, Software Dynamics has been consistently supporting the game since its first release in 1995, coming out with new updates, add-ons, and ship models all the time. The game is definitely well worth the $24.95 it costs, and aside from getting a great game, you will also help support one of the best independent game companies today. Two thumbs up, way up!Reviewed by: UnderdogsOpening Hours : Providing solution design within 24 hours
0086-21-58385887
Gypsum Crushing Plant In PakistanStone Crusher Sale Price in Iran So late Pakistan Gypsum Crushing Plant Industry in most subsectors began to decline in the gross margin, revenue growth has declined, the situation will remain until the end of,More Info; gypsum in pakistan.Get Price
Clinker And Gypsum Crushing Mill . And Gypsum Crushing Mill clinker and gypsum crushing Pakistan mill plant plantGrinding Machine Supplier. A lot of people are talking about working of ball Pakistan mill plant plant with . Get More Info. imageGet Price
Advanced crushing machine for gypsum gypsum crushing machine, gypsum crushing machine, gypsum crushing machine,, advanced technology and high capacity gypsum powder impact crushing machine us 100030000 / set 1 set (min order) 50 ton per hour jaw crusher of gypsum starchitchatin. Read MoreGet Price
Gypsum Crushing Efficiency. Industrial high efficiency gypsum hammer crusher 20181117 product description heavy hammer crusher is a kind of crushing equipment is also the industry hammer crusher series of more advanced technology in a device the use of advanced production techn.Get Price
Gypsum crusher secondary apr 11 2017 grinding ammer crusher machinehammer mill crusherhammer for sale gypsum crushers machine for 247 online hammer gypsum crusher gurgaonprojectsorgin gypsum hammer crusher is a new type crusher that is researched and developed based on users feedback information and development trend in chat . Click to viewGet Price
advanced crushing machine for gypsum advanced crushing machine for gypsum. Crusher . A crusher is a machine designed to reduce large rocks into smaller rocks, gravel, or rock dust. .. lizenithne, phosphate, gypsum, weathered shales, however improvements in metallurgy has changed t Read More equipmentGet Price
Gypsum information: Construction Gypsum, or simply “Gypsum”, is a broad category of coarse particulate material used in construction, including sand, [,] Blog impact crusher machine , Mobile Stone Crusher For Price In Germany , Mobile Stone Crusher For Price In Israel , Rubble Master Crushing.Get Price
Gypsum Crusher Plant In Pakistan. Gypsum Crusher Plant In Pakistan.  ...Get Price
100tph construction waste Mobile crushing. 300400
Gypsum plasterboard is a common internal sheet lining material for use in buildings. Taped and plasterstopped gypsum plasterboard linings are very stiff and will be subjected to lateral forces when buildings are exposed to high winds and earthquakes. Like glass in a frame, gypsum plasterboard wall andGet Price …Get ...Get Price
Dec 16, 2013· In this video the bucket is used to crush and screen construction waste gypsum. In this particular video blade design is 4202 with spiral configuration and blade spacing 25 mm.Get Price
Gypsum Crushing Plant in Republic of Namibia Gypsum information Construction Gypsum or simply Gypsum is a broad category of coarse particulate material used in construction including sand gravel crushed stone slag recycled concrete and geosynthetic Gypsums. Book NowGet Price
gypsum crushing equipment supplier for sale. gypsum crushing equipment supplier for sale. Our Purpose And Belief. LM Heavy Industry is committed to provide the global customers with the firstclass products and superior service, striving to maximize and optimize the interests and values of the customers, andGet Price
Hereby, the dry gypsum placed between the two cover sheets will be crushed to a certain degree, and a coarse gypsum powder will result from this crushing. After the crusher, the plasterboard is reduced to two pieces of paper and crushed gypsum. In practice, however, it has shown that a rather high degree of gypsum remains on the paper such that ...Get Price
Gypsum Crushing Plant in Burundi 6 Aralık 2017 20 Eylül 2018 yönetici Gypsum information Construction Gypsum or simply Gypsum is a broad category of coarse particulate material used in construction including sand gravel crushed stone slag recycled concrete and geosynthetic Gypsums Gypsums are the most mined material in the .Get PricePollen and macrofossil data will be used to reconstruct the vegetation in the coastal wetlands of south Lazio before and after the Avellino eruption. The aim of this work is to detect the environmental impacts brought about by the influx of the postulated substantial body of immigrants from Campania. Generally, an increase in population density leads to increased deforestation and anthropogenic land use, both of which can be detected through the analysis of pollen and botanical macro remains.
The macrofossil research will give information on the vegetation history at site level, while the regional vegetation development can be obtained from the pollen data. In contrast to the pollen signal, seeds and fruits are identifiable to species level. Moreover they can provide taphonomic information suitable for building up a picture of the local food economy. Dr. Marieke Doorenbosch will conduct and publish the pollen analysis, supervised by Prof. Corrie Bakels. The plant macrofossil work will be done by Dr. Mike Field with the help of Erica van Hees BA.
New pollen corings are needed because past cores do not cover enough parts of the ancient lakes and their surroundings to provide the high resolution data needed. From every core only those parts will be analyzed which help to solve our questions concerning the possible impact of the Avellino eruption on the population of the Fondi Basin and the Agro Pontino. Sampling locations for both palynological and plant macrofossil investigations will be carefully chosen from the margins of the former lakes within the Pontino and Fondi sedimentary basins to provide suitable archaeobotanical data, taking into account the requirements of all three researchers. These requirements include obtaining data from those landscape zones that are most likely to reflect changes in habitation and land use. The interpretation of the pollen diagrams also relies on collaboration between the researchers. For example, the effects of lake level changes on the vegetation and land use will have to be modeled, and certain potential anthropogenic indicators must be interpreted in the light of available archaeological knowledge.
Sediment samples will be taken from cleaned sections or by taking cores. It is envisaged that four cores/sections will be sampled and analyzed from the larger Agro Pontino sedimentary basin, and three cores/sections from the Fondi basin. High resolution sub-sampling of the cores and monoliths from the sections around the Avellino tephra layer will provide a detailed record of how the environment changed immediately after that event. Preliminary investigations on two sections from the Agro Pontino plain have already shown that relevant archaeobotanical data can be generated (Bakels et al. 2015). A fine chronology will be produced using the characteristic Avellino tephra layer and the results from eight AMS dates obtained from terrestrial plant macrofossils.Brunches of Britain
All the best in brunches from across the UK.
- All
- London
- South East
- South West
The Green Rocket Cafe, Bath | August 2018
A stone's throw from the River Avon, this vegan-friendly hotspot has a drinks menu that'll appease even the most discerning bruncher.Search
You searched for: Start Over Edition or Translation Language eng Remove constraint Edition or Translation Language: eng Series Loeb Classical Library Remove constraint Series: Loeb Classical Library Subjects Occasional verse, Latin--Translations into English Remove constraint Subjects: Occasional verse, Latin--Translations into English Subjects Eteocles (Greek mythology)--Poetry Remove constraint Subjects: Eteocles (Greek mythology)--Poetry Subjects Rome--History--Domitian, 81-96--Poetry Remove constraint Subjects: Rome--History--Domitian, 81-96--Poetry
1 to 1 of 1EEVblog Electronics Community Forum
EDA => gEDA => Topic started by: ScribblesOnNapkins on July 01, 2020, 02:51:35 am
Title:
pcb-rnd 2.2.2 release
Post by:
ScribblesOnNapkins
on
July 01, 2020, 02:51:35 am
From the pcb-rnd mailing list.
"Hi all,
pcb-rnd 2.2.2 is available from the download page.
Project page: ()
The next development cycle will be a short one again, focusing on some
cleanups and infrastructure for our external autorouter, route-rnd that
is going to replace the half-working internal autorouter.
Release notes for 2.2.2:
pcb-rnd 2.2.2
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This version is mainly a feature release which extends I/O support and
the DRC. There are some smallish features and a lot of bugfixes, please
refer to the changelog for detauls.
Feature highlight:
1. BXL support: footprints available in the (binary) BXL format can be
loaded, imported or used from the library (directy, or using any of
the schematics import methods). A BXL file may contain multiple
footprints; in the library such a BXL file shows up as a virtual
subdirectory. When importing a BXL file name directly, if there are
multiple footprints in it pcb-rnd will offer the choice which one to load.
2. query/drc_query: access a list of layers, network segments, net segment
lengths, more geometrical and mathematical functions for more powerful
DRC rules.
3. Save/load DRC rules: implemented native lihata format and tEDAx format.
Importing a tEDAx netlist automatically loads DRC rules, allowing
schematics to specify rules.
4. Dedicated GUI and network dialog upgrade for easier network length
tracking.
5. Lihata board v7: new native file format version with more powerful text
object support, new gfx object support and more.
6. Online help/support: minimalistic IRC client for direct real-time contact
to the developers to reach out for yet passive users.
7. Alien format handling: upgrade text object load to a bounding box based
algorithm to overcome text alignment and font difference problems
8. librnd (hidlib) separation: rename all public API symbols to start with
rnd instead of pcb
--
Best regards,
Igor2"
Title:
Re: pcb-rnd 2.2.2 release
Post by:
techman-001
on
July 01, 2020, 08:30:57 am
Hi Igor2,
I updated my old SVN download, pcb-rnd 2.2.2 compiled on Freebsd 11.1 without any issues, errors or warnings.
Fantastic job :)
Cheers,
Terry
Title:
Re: pcb-rnd 2.2.2 release
Post by:
ScribblesOnNapkins
on
July 01, 2020, 05:45:42 pm
I am not Igor2 but thanks
SMF 2.0.18
|
SMF © 2021
,
Simple Machines
Simple Audio Video Embedder
SMFAds
for
Free ForumsHope Harbor
- $9.99
- $9.99
Publisher Description
From a USA Today bestselling author:
When Eve inherits the family business, Candlewood Inn, she leaves her controlling ex and her job in Seattle behind to head to her childhood home on a small island on the Canadian border. She arrives to find that her family is in an uproar over her grandfather’s very legal dying wishes. After all, the group of sniveling babies had been living rent-free in the luxurious outdated hotel for years and using her grandfather’s bank account to bankroll their own extravagant lives. But Eve has a business degree and all the power now, and she’ll have to kick her family out of their rent-free, carefree lives if she plans on saving the inn and herself from ruin.
Single-dad Dylan started his own handyman business a few years back. He’s the only one on Orcas Island who can swing a hammer and not miss. So, when the new owner takes over at Candlewood that Dylan’s daughter, Palmer, is infatuated with her, is a bonus. It’s the rest of the Candlewood family they will need to worry about. Especially, since it appears someone is out to destroy everything they are working for before they even get started.
Get a quick look at how you can connect your Zoom to your Kaltura.
The Kaltura-Zoom video plug-in enables you to automatically transfer all your Zoom recordings directly to Kaltura, where you can add captions and transcripts and ensure full compliance. Once installed (in three simple steps), recordings will be available for each user under their My Media library where they can manage, share and collaborate on their recordings across Kaltura’s products and integrations.
In addition, admins can define a category in the Kaltura Management Console (KMC) to be associated with all Zoom recordings, to easily find and manage the recording files.
Get the integration here!
You don't have credit card details available. You will be redirected to update payment method page. Click OK to continue.Confused Hkey_local_machine\bcd00000000 ? What Is It?
If you are like me, you use the run command quite frequently to open the Windows Registry, run a particular program like Notepad, or open a utility like the calculator. However, there are many times that I would like to delete one entry in this list but leave the others. Choose the files you want to delete from the drive and hit the OK button. If the returned result is more than 0 then there are updates for the computer that need to be installed and/or downloaded.
- These errors tend to go unnoticed until something catastrophic happens e.g., an OS crash, or data loss.
- Windows Restore, can be tricky in such an infiltration by a malicious program could corrupt or erase settings to circumvent and regenerate malicious activities and program loads.
- If there are any system restore points before you encounter the errors with DirectX, you can use the System Restore Point feature.
- If there is an issue with the hard drive, it is shown here otherwise you see all drives are working properly..
Major Details In Missing Dll Files Across The Uk
After executing the commands, you need to restart your computer. Just like Airplane Mode on our mobile phones, Windows PC and laptops have a similar option.
Realistic Plans Of Dll Uncovered
The Onedrive thing has me baffled; probably just one drive doing something it was scripted.. Registry keys are folder likes tools that consist of important keys, values, and subkeys in binary format. It plays an important role in the smooth functioning of windows. A related registry key is the DetectionFrequencyEnabled key.
Setting up and maintaining your home PC network is easier than ever before with Windows 7–but that’s not saying much. Many networking issues still aren’t easily fixed from Windows 7′s control panels. That’s why we’ve compiled a list of common networking problems and their quick fixes. In the Autoruns main window near the very top you will see a field named “Filter”.
Wrapping Up: Fix this Pc Cant Run Windows 11 Error
The next time you see the 0xc000007b error, you should already know what to do. Try the solutions we have listed above until you find check this site out one that works for you. If not, we suggest that you go and get your computer checked by a legit and trusted technician. The error 0xc000007b may also be caused by an unstable system. When your computer is filled with corrupt files and invalid registries, different errors may occur.
When updates arrive with a 1 second delay, this results in a 64 kilobyte limit even if the link has plenty of bandwidth available. Once 64kbyte of data have been sent the receive window is already full.Life is absurd and we are all Sisyphi here.
The main question of absurdist philosophy lies in the disharmony between the human inner strive to find an inherently valuable meaning of life and the meaninglessness of the world we live in. The question is everlasting but intractable and even unsolvable to some extent. This is an oxymoron because the human brain is programmed to process the identification of significance; the connection between a word as a language unit and its meaning is a fundamental trait of human nature.
On the other hand, a word is just the tip of the iceberg. For example, the word blockchain has completely different semantic meanings for a developer, crypto hodler, NFT artists, or absurdist:
The Myth of Crypto Sisyphus
One of the most famous absurdist books became Albert Camus paper with the eponymous name to the well-known Greek myth. The main dilemma of the story permeates throughout the narration of the philosopher. Sisyphus task of pushing a boulder up a mountain over and over again seems meaningless but the conclusion of the essay is
"The struggle itself ... is enough to fill a man's heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy".The depiction of such work to the power of infinity can be observed in many modern jobs. Even if anyone thinks crypto may save them from a boring office job, just look in the mirror:
Three Ways of Resolving the Absurd Dilemma
The absurdist community figured out three possible ways to resist the dilemma of absurdism. The first one is escaping existence, which was disregarded by Camus because it doesnt solve the problem. The second way is spiritual: belief in a transcendent idea.
The third solution is to accept the absurd. This is the path for those who want to achieve the highest level of freedom. However, its not that easy. Camus strongly believed that this way included both rebellion against the absurd as well as accepting its unstoppable power.
This literally means we, people, need to accept human nature while still opposing it. Sounds like one more oxymoron. On the other hand, isnt it the same when a person buys high and sells low knowing it has to be vice versa?
Absurdism Partially Derives from Nihilism
Nihilism is one more strain in existentialist philosophy. A nihilist tends to reject some of the fundamental aspects of human life, such as values, morality, or objective truth.
Values are meaningless? An NFT of Invisible Rock #91 costs 888.888 ETH! Perhaps most NFT holders are nihilists. How do we explain this dissonance between objects and values? It is nothing more than the irony of life.
The most popular nihilistic character of today is Rick Sanchez from the Rick and Morty Netflix (NASDAQ:) series. To be more precise, hes a representative of cosmic nihilism, a branch of philosophical study. Rick believes in no foundation for human purpose, which is represented in his actions and language.
We warned you about the language!
Existentialism is the Source of Absurdism
In contrast to nihilism, the fundamental idea of existentialism is that existence precedes essence. This literally means that things are born without a meaning and only then they obtain the purpose. Moreover, the essence of things is highly subjective.
This is the Rubicon, beyond which things can acquire opposite meanings. Just take a look at animal coins. Arent their meanings opposite to what crypto is supposed to be? Crypto is about technology and decentralization meme coins are about hype and quick profits. Its a twist in values.
Join to get the flipside of crypto
Upgrade your inbox and get our DailyCoin editors picks 1x a week delivered straight to your inbox.
[contact-form-7 404 "Not Found"]You can always unsubscribe with just 1 click.
Continue reading on DailyCoin
Read more:
DailyCoin's Crypto Memes of the Week #10 A Journey Into the Philosophy of Absurdism By DailyCoin - InvestingToday is Indiana’s Primary Election and polls are open around the state from 6a until 6p.
Voters will be choosing their party nominations to run in the Nov. 11 General Election.
In Washington County there are only a two party races.
For the Washington County Treasurer’s position, Shirley Batt and Kevin Stewart will be battling for the Democratic nomination. There is no Republican candidate on file yet.
The other race is for Washington County Council at Large –
- (R) Rondale Brishaber
- (R) Todd M. Ewen
- (R) Gerald Fleming Sr.
- (R) Mark Hartman 1026
- (D) Troy S. Hubbard
- (D) Leonard (Sonny) Maxwell Jr.
- (D) Treavor W. Phipps
- (D) Johnathan R. Spaulding
Indiana Voters will be selection a Presidential candidate for the first time in four years, with 57 delegates going to the Republican candidate that wins and 83 delegates going to the Democratic candidate that wins.
Despite the number of Republican candidates on the ballot, only three are still in play – Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and Ohio Governor John Kasich.
Bush, Carson, Christie, Fiorina, Paul, Rubio have all dropped out.
Looking for Democrat votes will be former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders.
Locally, Washington County voters will be helping to find a Republican challenger to run against Democrat Baron Hill this fall.
On the Republican ticket, voters will be able to choose from Eric Holcomb, Marlin A. Stutzman, and Todd Young.
Also, voters will be choosing a 9th District US Congressman in both the Republican and Democrat parties.
- (R) Robert Hall
- (R) Trey Hollingsworth
- (R) Erin Houchin
- (R) Brent Waltz
- (R) Greg Zoeller
- (D) Bob Kerr
- (D) James R. McClure Jr.
- (D) Bill Thomas
- (D) Shelli Yoder
There is also a race for Republican nominee for State Representative Dist. 73, which is currently held by Salem’s (R) Steven Davisson. He is facing opposition by Orange County’s Michael A. Harkness. The winner today will face (D) Douglas Leatherbury in the fall.
Washington County Clerk Shirley Batt reminds voters who will be voting on Election Day or In-Person at the Clerk’s Office MUST show photo ID.
Batt noted IDs must be an US issue photo ID or state of Indiana state issued driver’s license or ID card is REQUIRED for casting a ballot.
Acceptable expired photo ID must not have expired before November 4, 2014
Washington County Voters can vote at the following locations:
PRECINCT VOTING LOCATION
- Salem 1 Salem Armory – 1100 N Shelby St, Salem In 47167
- Salem 2 Salem Armory – 1100 N Shelby St, Salem In 47167
- Salem 3 Salem Armory – 1100 N Shelby St, Salem In 47167
- Salem 4 Salem Armory – 1100 N Shelby St, Salem In 47167
- Washington 1 4-H Bldg.-Fairgrounds-118 East Market St. Salem In 47167
- Washington 2 4-H Bldg.-Fairgrounds-118 East Market St. Salem In 47167
- Washington 3 4-H Bldg.-Fairgrounds-118 East Market St. Salem In 47167
- Washington 4 4-H Bldg., Fairgrounds-118 East Market St. Salem In 47167
- Brown – Campbellsburg Community Bldg. – 125 S. Sycamore St, Campbellsburg IN 47108
- Franklin – Fire House South Boston – 7047East State Rd 160, Salem In 47167
- Gibson – Fire House Little York – 571 North State Rd 39, Scottsburg In 47170
- Howard – Fire Station Howard Township -5279 S. Becks Mill Rd. Salem In 47167
- Jackson – Fire House Martinsburg–4330 East Martinsburg Fire Road, Pekin In 47165
- Jefferson – Fire House Jefferson Township–5110 West Walnut Ridge Road, Salem In 47167
- Madison – Fire House Livonia – 130 Church St, Campbellsburg (located in town of Livonia)
- Monroe – Fire House Monroe Township – 8496 N. State Rd. 135, Vallonia In 47281
- Pierce – Shelter House Park in Pekin – 340 S. Park St., Pekin In 47165
- Polk – East Washington Middle School Gym–Greenbriar Rd. entrance
- Posey – Bearcat Civic Center/Hardinsburg Lions Club-9271 W.US HWY 150 Hardinsburg 47125
- Vernon – Campbellsburg Community Bldg. – 125 S. Sycamore St, Campbellsburg IN 47108
- [Old bldg. sold. Moved precinct to same location with Brown-January 2016.] [Old location: West Wash Supt Bldg-9699 West Mt Tabor Rd, Campbellsburg IN 47108]
- PIERCE PRECINCT: This is now the only precinct in Pierce Township. The precincts of Corner of North State Rd 135 and N. Lick Skillet Rd (Combined East & West Pierce into PIERCE 2015,) 1100 N. Eastern School Rd., Pekin In 47165
- POLK PRECINCT: This precinct will still vote at the East Washington Middle School.
- VERNON PRECINCT: The voting location for Vernon Precinct had been the West East Pierce and West Pierce were combined in 2015. Both precincts were voting at the Shelter House at the Pekin Park in Pekin. The new precinct “PIERCE” will remain at the same location. During 2014 there was a scheduling conflict with the facility and voting took place in the auxiliary gym by the bus barn. Beginning again in 2016 voting will take place in the Middle School Gym with the entrance off of Greenbriar Road.
Washington School Supt. Office on Mt. Tabor Rd. Since the Supt. Office has moved out of this building, the Township sold the building. The voters of Vernon Precinct will now vote at the Campbellsburg Community Bldg. in Campbellsburg. This is the same location that Brown Precinct votes.
CANDIDATES
Democratic and Republican candidates for the Primary Election filed their declarations of candidacy between January 6, 2016 and February 5, 2016 at Noon.
Independent candidates, Libertarian candidates, and Write-In candidates have filing deadlines later in June 2016. These candidates will be on the General Election ballot.
Also, on the General Election ballot are candidates for Town Offices (Campbellsburg andNew Pekin) and candidates for local School Boards. The filing period for School Boards is July 27, 2016 – August 26, 2016 at Noon.
OTHER ELECTION DATES TO KNOW:
Tuesday, May 17, 2016 – VOTER REGISTRATION OPENS – First day the circuit court clerk may receive absentee ballot applications from most voters for the general election.
Thursday, June 30, 2016 – DEADLINE, by noon, for the Democratic or Republican Party to select a candidate to fill a vacancy on the general election ballot due to a vacancy resulting from no candidate being nominated at a primary.
DEADLINE, by noon, for an independent or minor party candidate to file a petition of nomination with a county voter registration office for verification of petition signatures.
Deadline, by noon, for the Libertarian Party to conduct a convention to nominate candidates or to take action to fill a ballot vacancy following a convention.
Tuesday, July 5, 2016 – DEADLINE, by noon, for the Democratic or Republican Party to file a certificate of selection stating that a vacancy on the general election ballot resulting from a vacancy on the primary election ballot has been filled.
DEADLINE, by noon, to file a declaration of intent to be a write-in candidate at the general election.
Deadline, by noon, for the Libertarian Party to certify candidates nominated at convention or to certify a candidate selected to fill a vacancy following convention.
Friday, July 15, 2016 – DEADLINE, by noon, for any candidate to voluntarily withdraw from the general election ballot.
DEADLINE, by noon, for the Democratic, Libertarian and Republican Parties to file a certificate of nomination of candidates nominated at the state party conventions
DEADLINE, by noon, for independent or minor party candidate to file consent of candidate and petition of nomination after verification of petition signatures (See related entry for June 30, 2016).
Wednesday, July 27, 2016 – First day to file a petition and consent for a school board member elected at the general election.
Friday, August 26, 2016 – DEADLINE, by noon, to file a petition and consent for a school board office elected at the general election.
Saturday, September 24, 2016 – DEADLINE for county election board to mail absentee ballots to voters who have already filed an application with circuit court clerk.
Tuesday, October 11, 2016 – VOTER REGISTRATION ENDS
DEADLINE at voter registration office’s close of business for a voter to register or transfer registration or at midnight for a voter to complete and submit a voter registration application online.
Wednesday, October 12, 2016 – First day that a voter may vote an absentee ballot in the office of the circuit court clerk office.
Friday, October 14, 2016 – End of pre-election campaign finance reporting period.
Friday, October 21, 2016 – DEADLINE, by noon, to file pre-election campaign finance reports.
Thursday, October 20, 2016 – First day a confined voter, a voter caring for a confined person at a private residence, or a voter with disabilities may vote an absentee ballot before an absentee voter board at the voter’s residence or place of confinement.
Saturday, October 29, 2016 – Office of circuit court clerk open to permit in-person absentee voting, 8:00am-4:00pm.
Monday, October 31, 2016 – DEADLINE, by 11:59 pm, for the circuit court clerk to receive an absentee ballot application from an applicant requesting delivery of a ballot by mail. Applications may be submitted to the circuit court clerk in person or by mail, fax or email.
Saturday, November 5, 2016 – Office of the circuit court clerk open for to permit in-person absentee voting. 8:00am-4:00pm.
Monday, November 7, 2016 – DEADLINE, by noon, for circuit court clerk to receive absentee ballot applications from confined voters or voters caring for a confined person requesting delivery of a ballot by absentee voter board.
DEADLINE, by noon, for a circuit court clerk to receive absentee ballot applications from military/overseas voters requesting to vote by email or fax.
DEADLINE, by noon, for a voter to vote an absentee ballot in the office of the circuit court clerk or satellite office.
DEADLINE for a confined voter, a voter caring for a confined person, or a voter with disabilities to vote an absentee ballot before an absentee voter board at the voter’s place of confinement.
Tuesday, November 8, 2016 – GENERAL ELECTION DAY
Polls are open 6:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., prevailing local timeShowing Collections: 1 - 6 of 6
- Music 5
- Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints 3
- Missions and Missionaries 2
- Scrapbooks 2
-
- Clippings (Books, newspapers, etc.) 1
- Clubs and Societies 1
- Colleges and Universities 1
- Colorado 1
- Composers 1
- Composers -- Utah -- History 1
- Composition (Music) 1
- Conservatories of music -- Utah -- Salt Lake City -- History 1
- Diaries 1
- Drafts (Documents) 1
- Education, Higher -- Utah -- Provo 1
- Educators -- Utah -- History 1
- Electronic books 1
- Essays 1
- Fan clubs 1
- Fan magazines 1
- Fine Arts 1
- Lists 1
- Long-playing records 1
- Material Types 1
- Media and Communication 1
- Microfilms 1
- Mormon Church -- Missions -- History 1
- Mormons -- Songs and music 1
- Music -- Manuscripts 1
- Musicians -- Utah 1
- Notebooks 1
- Notes 1
- Obituaries -- United States 1
- Photocopies 1
- Photographs 1
- Poetry 1
- Posters 1
- Publications 1
- School music -- Instruction and study 1
- Scores 1
- Sheet music 1
- Sketches 1
- Social Life and Customs 1∧ less
- Names
- Abravanel, Maurice 1
- Brigham Young University 1
- Dunham, Carol Elizabeth, 1958- 1
- Durham, Lowell M. 1
- Law, Lue Groesbeck, 1913-1978 1
∨ moreThis is an original 1935-36 Ford car Windshield Frame. Pretty good condition, some lite pitting.And a small pinhole in the. 3 of the 4 side screws came out, the 4th may need some heat and may still break. This is correct for 1935-36 Ford closed car models. Will Not fit roadster, cabriolet, woody wagon or trucks. Please check my other auctions. The item "1935 1936 Ford WINDSHIELD FRAME Original Coupe Sedan" is in sale since Wednesday, September 9, 2020. This item is in the category "eBay Motors\Parts & Accessories\Vintage Car & Truck Parts\Exterior\Other".
The seller is "djb970" and is located in Fort Collins, Colorado. This item can be shipped worldwide.My short article focuses on rhetoric and persuasion., the philosopher seeker of truth, and a sophist, who is concerned with the appearance of truth rather than the reality. The Sophists were itinerant teachers who gave lectures and wrote books on persuasion. These books contained ‘commonplaces,’ i.e. general arguments and techniques that could be adapted for a variety of persuasive purposes. (Griswold, 2012, in:
The Sophists were known for their dangerous views of the role of persuasion, hence the negative connotation of the word sophistry as meaning ‘trickery or fallacious argument’. In the Gorgias dialogue Socrates makes an eloquent and most didactic differentiation between ‘teaching’ which provides the listeners with skill necessary to do things and ‘persuasion’ which leads people simply to do the things the orator desires.
Aristotle, originally Plato’s pupil in the ‘Platonic Academy’ of Athens, later became a teacher on his own merits creating his ‘Peripatetic School’. In Aristotle’s view the function of rhetoric was not synonymous to, and was not exhausted by, simply succeeding to persuade, but should rather be aiming towards the discovery of the means of coming as near to such a success as the circumstances of each particular case would allow.
In his Rhetoric, (from the Greek word ‘ρητορική’ possessed by a ‘ρήτωρ’ that is a speaker (in the ‘ρητορική τέχνη’ the ‘art of speaking’) Aristotle, perhaps counteracting Plato’s somewhat pejorative treatment of ‘rhetoric’ in the Gorgias, wrote that persuasion is based on three specific, distinct elements. These three elements are: ethos, the personal character of the speaker; pathos, appealing to the audience’s emotions and values; and logos, referring to the convincing evidence and the reasoning process (Rapp, 2010, in:
Ethos, (the Greek word ‘ήθος’ means character), pathos (the Greek word ‘πάθος’ means suffering) and logos (the Greek word ‘λόγος’ means logic) constitute for Aristotle an ‘equilateral triangle’ where each one of the three terms, as is the case with the length of each side of this type of a triangle, has the same strength as the other two.
In their book bearing the title ‘Writing Arguments’ Ramage and Bean, (1998) have noted that: .’ Path.” (pp 81-82)
For Aristotle the three elements for successful orators, as mentioned above, constitute an equilateral triangle and each of the three is as important as the other two. Indeed, a balance of the three is important. Too much of one is likely to produce an argument that readers will either find unconvincing or that will cause them to stop reading. Therefore, in Aristotelian terms in.
May and Wisse (2001) translating into English Cicero’s work ‘On the ideal orator’ and Fantham (2007, The Roman World of Cicero’s De Oratore) analysing the historical era in which Cicero’s work was written present his suggestions for the training of an orator, showing that the Romans continued the Greek rhetorical tradition in the courts of law, the Senate, and during funeral orations. Cicero, one of the most famous statesman-philosopher of his era established the official oratoris, the duties of the orator: to charm or to influence the audience by establishing the credibility of the orator, to teach by presenting a message with sound arguments, and to move by appealing to the audience’s emotions. Cicero was convinced that a statesman-philosopher should speak on all topics persuasively and should be thoroughly knowledgeable in literature, philosophy, law, and logic.
**************************************
*Honorary Professor in Management & Marketing, Business School, Durham University, United KingdomGuest melbguy1 Posted July 2, 2008 Report Share Posted July 2, 2008 Re: Euro 2008 This is the best 11 according to sky sports:-Euro best 11I pretty much totally agree with this team as it is based on how well the players have played and is not influenced by how far their teams have reached in the Euro. Maybe they could have put Srna instead to Modric and Casillas or buffon instead of Boruc but otherwise i really like the team. Robben deserves to be in it imo this is a joke right? sorry mate, but when I read how the team was picked and looked at choice #1, #2 and #3 I just closed the window. Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.Abstract
Introduction: COVID-19 has raised world concern since it emerged in Wuhan, China in December 2019. The direct and indirect death rates in the world and in Iran have increased significantly after the occurrence of this pandemic in the world.
Objective: In this study EMR estimated by Multilevel Poison Regression then this estimation compared to the historical trends, to obtain total death related to the COVID-19 in addtion the geographic distribution of EMR has been presented for Iran country.
Materials and Methods:.
Results:.
Conclusion: Due to the diverse EMR in different provinces of Iran, the type of management of provinces with low and moderate EMR can be used as a suitable model to control EMR in provinces with high and very high EMR.
References
- WHO characterizes COVID-19 as a pandemic WHO.Available at: URL:; 2020.
- WHO. Coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic Available at:; 2020.
- Tadbiri H, Moradi-Lakeh M, Naghavi M. All-cause excess mortality and COVID-19-related deaths in Iran. MJIRI. 2020;34(1):561-6. doi: 10.47176/mjiri.34.80.
- Goldstein ND, Burstyn I. On the importance of early testing even when imperfect in a pandemic such as COVID-19. Glob Epidemiol. 2020;2:100031-. doi: 10.1016/j.gloepi.2020.100031. PMID: 32995744.
- Kandel N, Chungong S, Omaar A, Xing J. Health security capacities in the context of COVID-19 outbreak: an analysis of International Health Regulations annual report data from 182 countries. Lancet. 2020;395(10229):1047-53. doi: 10.1016/S0140-6736(20)30553-5 . PMID: 32199075.
- Zainol Rashid Z, Othman SN, Abdul Samat MN, Ali UK, Wong KK. Diagnostic performance of COVID-19 serology assays. Malays J Pathol. 2020;42(1):13-21. PMID: 32342927.
- National Organization for Civil Registration (NOCR). Registered Deaths by Province by Sex. Tehran, Iran: 2020 Available from:; 2020.
- Leon DA, Shkolnikov VM, Smeeth L, Magnus P, Pechholdová M, Jarvis CI, et al. COVID-19: a need for real-time monitoring of weekly excess deaths. Lancet. 2020;395(10234):e81-e. doi: 10.1016/S0140-6736(20)30933-8 . PMID: 32333839.
- Fesharaki MG, Kazemnejad A, Zayeri F, Sanati J, Akbari H. Historical cohort study on the factors affecting blood pressure in workers of polyacryl iran corporation using bayesian multilevel modeling with skew T distribution. Iranian Red Crescent Medical Journal. 2013;15(5):418. doi: 10.5812/ircmj.10930.
- Snijders TA, Bosker RJ. Multilevel analysis: An introduction to basic and advanced multilevel modeling: Sage. 2011.
- Goldstein H. Handbook of Multilevel Analysis. New York: Springer. 2008.
- Polyakova M, Kocks G, Udalova V, Finkelstein A. Initial economic damage from the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States is more widespread across ages and geographies than initial mortality impacts. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2020;117(45):27934-9. doi: 10.1073/pnas.2014279117.
- Blangiardo M, Cameletti M, Pirani M, Corsetti G, Battaglini M, Baio G. Estimating weekly excess mortality at sub-national level in Italy during the COVID-19 pandemic. PloS one. 2020;15(10). doi: :10.1371/journal.pone.0240286.
- Freitas ARR, Medeiros NMd, Frutuoso LCV, Beckedorff OA, Martin LMAd, Coelho MMdM, et al. Tracking excess deaths associated with the COVID-19 epidemic as an epidemiological surveillance strategy-preliminary results of the evaluation of six Brazilian capitals. Rev Soc Bras Med Trop. 2020;53:e20200558-e. doi: 10.1590/0037-8682-0558-2020.
- Strang P, Fürst P, Schultz T. Excess deaths from COVID-19 correlate with age and socio-economic status. A database study in the Stockholm region. Ups J Med Sci. 2020;125(4):297-304. doi: 10.1080/03009734.2020.1828513 . PMID: 33100083.
--.
- Woolf SH, Chapman DA, Sabo RT, Weinberger DM, Hill L. Excess Deaths From COVID-19 and Other Causes, March-April 2020. Jama. 2020;324(5):510-3. doi: 10.1001/jama.2020.11787.
-. doi: 10.1001/jamainternmed.2020.3391.
- Vieira A, Peixoto VR, Aguiar P, Abrantes A. Rapid Estimation of Excess Mortality during the COVID-19 Pandemic in Portugal -Beyond Reported Deaths. J Epidemiol Glob Health. 2020;10(3):209-13.
-. doi: 10.1126/science.aba9757.
- Gostic K, Gomez AC, Mummah RO, Kucharski AJ, Lloyd-Smith JO. Estimated effectiveness of symptom and risk screening to prevent the spread of COVID-19. Elife. 2020;24(9):55570. doi: 10.7554/eLife.55570 . PMID: 32091395.
-. PMID: 32305533
- Bashir MF, Ma B, Bilal, Komal B, Bashir MA, Tan D, et al. Correlation between climate indicators and COVID-19 pandemic in New York, USA. Sci Total Environ. 2020;728(138835):20. doi: 10.1016/j.scitotenv.2020.138835 . PMID: 32334162.
- Li H, Xu XL, Dai DW, Huang ZY, Ma Z, Guan YJ, et al. Air pollution and temperature are associated with increased COVID-19 incidence: A time series study. Int J Infect Dis. 2020;97:278-82. doi: 10.1016/j.ijid.2020.05.076. PMID: 32502664.
- Zhang X, Tang M, Guo F, Wei F, Yu Z, Gao K, et al. Associations between air pollution and COVID-19 epidemic during quarantine period in China. Environ Pollut. 2020;268(Pt A):115897. doi: 10.1016/j.envpol.2020.115897. PMID: 33126032.69Reviews3Q&A
Traveller rating
- 34
- 27
- 5
- 2
- 1
Traveller type
Time of year
Language
More
Selected filters
- Filter
AnnArborMHT wrote a review Sep 2019
Genoa, Italy1637 contributions1504 helpful votes
First my review is about Kring Vrienden, the travel company used to book the canal trips through. This company went beyond my expectations and was so much more helpful than the local tourist board. Knowing that the canal tour sells out, I sent Kring Vrienden an email and asked them to hold a reservation for two people on the Hieronymus Bosch Heaven and Hell canal tour. They responded promptly, confirmed the reservation and just asked we pick-up tickets 1/2 hour before the tour. We stopped by and they were so friendly and helpful. We wanted more information on the Van Gogh starry nights bike path in Eindhoven, another city all together, so I won't expect them to help, but the they were incredibly helpful! Very nice staff! We went on the canal trip and our volunteer guide was Joop. There were two other English-only speaking people on tour, plus Dutch speaking guests, who understood English, so we asked Joop if he could add some English commentary and he was happy to oblige. The canal trip starts out with a short movie with English subtitles then we had a delightful tour under the city, in the canals and the surrounding moat. We went "into" Hell and came out through Heaven; so amazing! Our $10.50 ticket not only included the wonderful canal trip but also admission to the Bosch Art Center which we loved! Tremendous value, for two really fun attractions. Highly recommended! Kring Vrienden also sells a very funny fridge magnet of a canal boat floating in real water for just 5 euros! We bought two! Great organization, wonderful guide Joop, the best activity in Den Bosch! Thanks so much Kring Vrienden!…
Read more
Date of experience: September 2019
Helpful
Cocciolino2015 wrote a review Sep 2019
Perugia, Italy462 contributions179 helpful votes
We did a lot of walking around first as the boat-ride was booked solid and we had to wait our turn in the afternoon,but it was definitely worth the wait,especially for the children as well as the photographer!
Read more
Date of experience: September 2019
1 Helpful vote
Helpful
This trip gives a very different insight into the history of this city, there's a commentary by the volunteer boat drivers but alas this is only in Dutch so foreign tourists have little idea of what is being said. Would be better with a translator on board.
Read more
Date of experience: September 2019
1 Helpful vote
Helpful
What a fun boat tour by the "Kring Vrienden van Den Bosch (Friends of Den Bosch)". A volunteer organization, using electrical boats (hence the 'whisper': very quiet) holding aprox 14-18 guests. We booked the "Hemel en Hellevaart" tour (heaven and hell tour), which included a visit to the Jeronimus bosch Art Center (a must see!). Due to the size of the boat you visit places where bigger boats can't come. Make online reservations in advance because these tours sell out fast (also due to the smaller sized boats).…
Read more
Date of experience: June 2019
1 Helpful vote
Helpful
sculler12018 wrote a review Jun 2018
Amsterdam, The Netherlands2 contributions2 helpful votes
Well worth going on this tour - I read the English text in advance that they give u when u buy ticket and then relaxed and primed for the lottle cruise. Great alternative view of the old town
Read more
Date of experience: June 2018
1 Helpful vote
HelpfulTalk along with your dietitian earlier than utilizing them when you have diabetes or high cholesterol. This article critiques all the pieces that you must know earlier than getting began, together with a pattern 1200 calorie meal plan and issues for those with diabetes. Over time, as you drop extra pounds you will need to recalculate based on your new weight. The calculator exhibits how many calories it’s possible you’ll eat in order to take care of or shed extra pounds. Order a garden salad or vegetable/broth-based soup as an alternative. The White House said it made its decision to roll out booster pictures in order to present states and other native health departments time to prepare for another large vaccination campaign-“to stay ahead of this virus by being ready,” Surgeon General Dr. Vivek Murthy stated during a briefing on Aug. 18. The workforce also said information concerning breakthrough infections amongst vaccinated people had been concerning, and pointed within the course of waning immunity. In Sparf v United States SCOTUS held in a 5-4 choice that federal judges were not required to tell jurors of their inherent right to guage the legislation in a case. There’s a lot more to learn in this book, but it surely appears to have some sound advice about the way to eat proper and love meals, real meals.
All rights reserved. This materials doesn’t constitute medical recommendation. It is not intended to provide medical recommendation on personal health issues or to information remedy – which is barely appropriately accomplished by a professional health skilled. Most fungal infections might be averted in case you stress on good private neatness. Keep in mind that bacterial infections can solely be diagnosed by a doctor. Eating out will be troublesome on a 500-calorie diet. So, while proscribing calories to 1,200 will make it easier to lose weight, the rate and sustainability of this weight-reduction plan will depend on individual traits like age, gender, activity degree and health status. Feeding individuals the same food regimen seemed to scale back general inflammation. Please seek the advice of a physician for specific treatment recommendations. Unlike other weight-reduction plan strategies that focus on a specific food group (such as the ketogenic food plan reducing carbs or the 3-day military weight loss program which cuts a number of foods), there aren’t any particular modifications for the 1,200 calorie diet. The price of meal substitute foods, reminiscent of Optifast, is commonly much greater than the equivalent amount of complete foods. Not use meals to cope with tension or sadness? There are quite a few ways to do that, but some favor to comply with a straight-forward low calorie diet. For some, the illness will be extreme and even life threatening. Assist and advocacy teams can make it easier to join with other patients and families, and they will present valuable companies.
Continually dropping calories only serves to decrease metabolism even further – the moment you return to ‘normal’ eating – the weight comes again on. As a result of the easier we make it for you, the more possible you’re to stay on monitor, and the more doubtless you’re to achieve your weight loss goals. The dietitian can make it easier to with a meal plan that may provide sufficient calories to help you achieve weight or keep from losing weight. 3. Thinking of doing Keto? So proper now, what we’re doing and let’s be clear, and I need the American people to understand it. If you actually desire a easygoing and serene holiday, compared to there isn’t any gorgeous location than the Pattaya in Thailand.Pattaya has quite a lot of points of interest. I positively encourage calorie counting over a short period of time if you want to drop some pounds. Try this 20 Minute Full Physique Workout at Home that may assist your weight loss. How many Calories Ought to I Eat? People who started the research with a higher degree of a certain inflammation marker had decrease white blood cells after the fasting-mimicking diet.
Always try to purpose for the “Fat Loss” daily calorie stage. Should I Attempt the 1200 Calorie Diet? Get extra exercise. In combo with diminished intake of unhealthy fats it reduces leptin resistance significantly. On days two to four, the food plan provided solely about 10% of the regular diet’s calories. The first day of this fasting-mimicking food regimen supplied about 50% of the calories of a daily food plan. Permission to reprint data in complete or in part contained on this site is granted, provided customary credit is given. Part of the impulse is physical. Inflammatory bowel illness (IBD) involves long-lasting inflammation in part of the digestive tract. The findings pave the way in which for research with individuals who’ve inflammatory bowel illness. Older adults, particularly, could also be at risk as they’re more prefer to have diminished nutrient absorption from the small intestine. The previous Coronation Street star, 46, went on a health and fitness mission after hitting ‘rock bottom’ during lockdown, with depression brought on by extreme insomnia and anxiety.Sannat, Furnished House of Character ref 113427
Sannat
555 HOUSE OF CHARACTER in Sannat, enjoys stunning country views at the back. Property comprises of 4 bedrooms, 2 en-suite showers and 2 spare bathrooms. A nice fitted kitchen with dining room and a good sized living area makes this property ideal both for residency or an investment. A large swimming pool and a roof terrace compliments this property! Highly recommended for viewing! PROPERTY IS ALSO TO-LET.
Rooms & Features
No of Bedrooms: 4
Bedroom 1 Dims: 3.05 x 3.05 mt
Bedroom 2 Dims: 3.05 x 3.35 mt
Bedroom 3 Dims: 3.66 x 3.05 mt
Bedroom 4 Dims: 2.74 x 3.05 mt
No of Bathrooms: 1
Showers No of: 4
Dining Room Dims: 2.44 x 2.44 mt combined
Kitchen Dims: 3.96 x 4.57 mt combined
Living Room Dims: 3.96 x 4.57 mt
Washroom: 1
Swimming Pool: Yes
Swimming Pool Type: Private
Garden (dims): 1.00 x 1.00 mt (Small)
Courtyard (Dims): 8.84 x 10.06 mt (Large)
Balconies (Front): 1
Has Views: Good Town views
Type of View: Town views
Airconditioning: Yes
Shops: Close by
This Property Is Also Available For RentView This Property
LocationSannat is in the south of Gozo, popular for its very high cliffs, ancient cart ruts, temples and dolmens, and rich fauna and flora. See other properties in Sannat
Location marked on map is indicative.Fast international shipping. Description; Lab Test Results.
Sooth aches and pains with the anti inflammitory properties of CBD infused in our Dr.Stern’s CBD Salve. GMP Compliant · Manufactured in USA Non-GMO · Orga Topical CBD Salve From All-Natural & Organic CBD - Kats All-Natural & Organic Skin Care. Our topical CBD salve contains all-natural, all-organic ingredients grown with care at high altitude in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado..
Topical CBD Salve From All-Natural & Organic CBD - Kats
CBD Salve 500mg; Full Spectrum Hemp Oil in 3oz of all natural salve; CBD salve for pain, sore muscles, cracked skin, and scarring; THC-Free CBD Oil Balm from Plus CBD Oil for revitalizing your skin. CBD Balm provides a soothing and moisturizing experience for the skin. Fast international shipping. Description; Lab Test Results.
Buy topical CBD ointment online PureKana 600mg CBD topical cream provides focused effects for a cool, wonderfully invigorating feel. 3.4 oz in a relaxing, menthol-infused formulation Perfect for a range of uses.
3.4 oz in a relaxing, Sep 27, 2019 A CBD topical is any cream, lotion, or salve that's infused with CBD and can be applied directly to the skin.
In this article, we discuss all you'll need to know. CBD Topical Salve – 750 mg CBD – Eucalyptus. Rated 4.79 out of 5 based on 71 full spectrum cbd. Help. Description; Labsheet; FAQs; Shopping & Returns Jan 28, 2020 In this practical guide you're learn what are CBD salves.
Crushing, grinding, and processing powerful herbs helps bring all their natural healing properties straight to your skin, making them far more effective and faster acting than simply eating them.
We're committed to making all our products organic and THC-free. Our salve formula contains organically Description. ✅ Do you need a bigger dose of CBD topical?.
CBD Salve – Medium $ 60.00 $ 40.00. For topical treatment of severe aches and pains. Our medium salve is the perfect size for daily use and ideal for Tanasi Topical CBD Salve | 150mg Full Spectrum Hemp Extract Tanasi's CBD topical salve is a 1 ounce jar containing 150mg of our university-backed, patent-pending, full spectrum hemp extract. Formulated to contain the highest known purity, potency & bioactivity. Contact us to learn more! CBD and Hemp Oil Salve (1000mg) | 43 CBD Solutions Description What is the active ingredient in hemp oil salve?
Description; Labsheet; FAQs; Shopping & Returns Jan 28, 2020 In this practical guide you're learn what are CBD salves. We also discuss how they work, how they are made, and what they're commonly used Before we dive into insight about what precisely a salve is and what it is used for, we should talk about topicals. The topicals are cannabis-implanted balms, oils Buy topical CBD ointment online ✓ PureKana 600mg CBD topical cream provides focused effects for a cool, wonderfully invigorating feel. 3.4 oz in a relaxing, Sep 27, 2019 A CBD topical is any cream, lotion, or salve that's infused with CBD and can be applied directly to the skin. While research on CBD is still in its The CBDistillery's 1oz Topical CBD Salve delivers CBD through your skin and has a great scent.cbd oil vs cannabis
neue grenz-cannabis-daten
wabe thc
cbd blumen hawaii
cbd ölstimmung ändert sich
können sie unkraut nach pennsylvania versenden_
- Cbd oil schizophrenia reddit
- Elixicure cbd amazon
- Und cbd und kratom
- Cbd amerikanischer schamane lisle il
- 2000 mg reines cbd-öl
- Schmeckt hanföl gut_
- Hohe angst online kostenlos
- Cbd blume rumänien
- Beifußkrautallergie
- Echtes armband zur schmerzlinderung
CBD and Hemp Oil Salve (1000mg) | 43 CBD Solutions Description What is the active ingredient in hemp oil salve? Our hemp oil salve is made with full spectrum hemp oil, with 1000mg of cannabidiol. Cannabidiol, often referred to as CBD, is a compound that is derived from the cannabis and hemp plants. Not only is CBD salve effective, it is natural, non-addictive, convenient, and easy to use.Chicago Fire Season 3 Episode 16 Review: Red Rag the Bull
Goodbye Pat, we won't miss you.
On Chicago Fire Season 3 Episode 16, Pat went too far and it almost cost Casey his job, but who saved the day?
Oh, Welch. You'll certainly never have any real friends at Firehouse 51, but my respect for you has shot up a lot. I actually felt kind of bad that he had to leave his job after refusing to sign the bit of paper that would seal Casey's fate.
Pat really was a piece of work. In his short stint at the Firehouse, he made the whole staff hate their jobs. He literally mocked everyone and as soon as someone didn't agree with him, he would be their instant enemy.
The fire's under control.Pat
Could you imagine Firehouse 51 without Casey? Neither can I. He's such an integral part of the show. I don't think Dawson would cope too well if he left.
Obviously, she was a bit annoyed after finding out from Welch about his hookups with Pat's ex wife and Brett took it upon herself to kick her back into the dating game... with someone from Chicago Medical. Will we be seeing him this fall on NBC if Chicago Med goes to series? Probably.
Stay with me. Stay with me.Dawson
The double date was awkward to say the least. Cruz didn't even want to go because he felt like he was betraying Casey. I don't know why he would think that since Casey moved on first, so it was quite a dumb statement to make. I loved how jealous he got when Brett said she would just take Otis as her date since they knew each other first anyway.
Otis looked like he was thinking this through in his head and thinking he had a chance with Brett. It really was one of the most comedic scenes of the hour. The show should feature more scenes like this. They help brighten up the dark subject matter.
So... Mouch is a father! Yes, that totally came out the left field, but it is believable and it paved the way for a visit from out good friend Platt from Chicago PD. She reacted completely different to what I'd have expected from her. She embraced it and pushed her lover to go meet his son. To the surprise of no one, he didn't go to meet him. He got so close and chickened out.
He must of had a feeling of dread in his mind that this young man has grown up without him and only just learned of his existence.
Elsewhere, Donna wanted Boden back at work so she could get a break from him and let the Firehouse return to order after the recent scandals. I liked how she acted shocked and annoyed when Boden announced he was returning to work. If only he knew the truth.
"Red Rag the Bull" was a decent episode of this NBC drama. The thing killing the momentum is the staggered schedule NBC has for the show. I almost forgot it was back this week.
Other tidbits from the episode:
- Where is Otis' grandmother? She's not been seen in ages!
- Did anyone else think we were going to lose another series regular in that deadly shoot out? I don't want anyone else to die for at least another few seasons.
- Will Welch return to Firehouse 51 now that Boden is back, or is he done with putting his life on the line?
Remember watch Chicago Fire online right here on TV Fanatic. Get caught up on the drama now!
What did you think of the episode? Will we see Welch again? What's next for Dawsey? Are you glad Pat's gone? Chat with me in the comments.
Note: Chicago Fire Season 3 Episode 17 airs Tuesday 9 March at 10/9C on NBC.
Paul Dailly is the Associate Editor for TV Fanatic. Follow him on Twitter.In the cities of Valencia, Alicante and Castellón there are quite a lot of chauffeur companies, so often people want to hire a private chauffeur but don´t know which company to go for. Autoelegance views itself as the rental company for cars with a chauffeur with the best conditions, as it has been recommended by numerous users over the years it has been operating.
If you want to find a chauffeur service of proven quality, visit the Autoelegance website and contract our vehicle rental service. We stand out from competitors thanks to the extremely high level conditions that we offer. For us, the client comes first and that is why we ensure you enjoy a sensational experience by looking after several elements, beginning with the contracting process, with several high-range cars available for you.
However, our reputation is not only based on the exclusivity of our vehicles, our professionals are also an important part of our company´s renown. With exquisite training, Autoelegance´s private drivers will make their passengers feel comfortable and safe at all times, and also offer them the service for the time it is required.
Our chauffeurs, as we have already mentioned, are highly qualified, they all meet a series of requirements needed to join our team of drivers:
- Proven experience driving luxury vehicles, ensuring a quick journey and a completely smooth drive.
- Utmost discretion with the conversations that are had inside the vehicle, any subject addressed in the presence of our chauffeur is 100% confidential.
- Exquisite treatment, with utmost respect for each of the passengers. Also, if the client wishes, the chauffeur can provide conversation, addressing really interesting subjects.
- A capacity for complete availability, they are at your disposal any time of the day over the 24-hours.
- Elegant dress style, with a suit and tie in all journeys, unless otherwise indicated.
- Knowledge of vehicles in order to fix the car in the event of a small breakdown or to know how to act in the event of accidents.
- Knowledge of one of several languages in addition to Spanish. Thus, any English or French speakers will feel much more at ease on board our vehicles.
- Knowledge of all the city routes in the cities of Castellón, Valencia and Alicante, thus avoiding possible traffic jams and always choosing the quickest route.
When it comes to paying, it is necessary to consider that the price varies according to the time that you have contracted the chauffeur service, the final budget is produced according to the hours enjoyed. Whether you want your chauffeur in Valencia, your chauffeur in Castellón or your chauffeur in Alicante, the payment conditions will be the same.
So now you know: Contract a chauffeur by the hour in Castellón, Valencia and Alicante and enjoy the best private driver!Views: 1141
- Quantity:
- 1
- Listing Began:
- Jan 22, 2018, 23:40:56
- Easily produces tending, threatening and reassuring grunts to bring the bucks closer
- Flexible ribbed tube channels sound in any direction, producing realistic, deep gutteral grunts
- Tone can also be changed by cupping hand over the end
- Includes instructions and lanyardWhat is a Film Cell?What is a Lit Film Cell?What is a Morphing Mug?
What is a MightyPrint?What is a StarFire Print?
What is a Clue Mug?
.............Login & Registration
Wholesale Info.
Wholesale - Back Lights Film Cell Back Lights
The chamber is open, do you dare enter? Remember the Chamber of Secrets with this collectible Minicell of Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets. Each framed minicell comes with an authentic filmcell from the movie. This is a perfect piece for the Harry Potter fan.
HARRY POTTER characters, names and related indicia are © & ™ Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. (s19)
Login & Registration
Shipping Information
Visit Our Sister Company, CustomPhotoPrints
What is a Film Cell?
Film Cell Back Lights
What is a PremierCell?
What is a StarFire Print?
Wholesale InfoBismarck (ビスマルク [bismarck] in Japanese) is a rare water-type summon in Final Fantasies. It does not replace Leviathan, but instead supplements it.
Bismarcks
Airborne Brigade
R+
Type: Summon, Element: Water, Growth: Normal, Charge: 51
Brave: 2,183 (lv1), 9,799 (lv160), 10,757 (lv180), ? (lv200), 12,673 (lv220), 13,631 (lv240), 14,589 (lv260), 15,547 (lv280), 16,505 (lv300), 17,464 (lv320)
Ability: Breach Blast
Obtain: Bismarck Esper week, green chocobos
R
Type: Summon, Element: Water, Growth: Normal, Charge: 48
Brave: 1,863 (lv1), ? (lv80), ? (lv90), ? (lv100), ? (lv110), 10,128 (lv120), 10,823 (lv130), 11,517 (lv140), 12,212 (lv150), 12,907 (lv160)
Ability: Breach Blast
Obtain: Bismarck Esper week, green chocobos
Pictlogica
Type: Summon, Rarity: ★★★, Charge: 64-80
Target: all, Strength: 80, Max Level: 9, Element: Water
Ability: Breach Blast
Buy: - (sell: ? gil)
Obtain: 12th Exa Battlia (Bismarck)
Description: A white wale that shoots forth big bubbles. Deals Water-elemental damage to all enemies
Warning: creating a page through this button makes a page in the category and as a child to the page you're on right now.Cloning, purification, and characterization of an organic solvent-tolerant chitinase, MtCh509, from Microbulbifer thermotolerans DAU221
Crossref DOI link:
Published: 2018-12
Update policy:
Lee, Hyo-Jung
Lee, Yong-Suk
Choi, Yong-Lark
Funding for this research was provided by:
Dong-A University
Text and Data Mining valid from 2018-11-08
Article History
Received:
6 August 2018
Accepted:
24 October 2018
First Online:
8 November 2018Ingredients
- 1 jar Beerenberg Tomato and Roasted Garlic Relish
- 500g casarecce pasta
- ½ bunch basil, leaves picked
- 2 handfuls rocket
- 1 punnet cherry tomatoes, halved
- 80g parmesan, shaved
Method:
In a large saucepan of boiling water, cook the pasta according to the packet instructions. As the pasta is cooking, add the Beerenberg Tomato and Roasted Garlic Relish to a large bowl. Once the pasta is cooked, strain, and immediately add to the Beerenberg Tomato and Roasted Garlic Relish. Stir together and place in the fridge to cool.
Remove the pasta from the fridge, add the basil, rocket and cherry tomatoes and toss to combine. Top with parmesan to serve.Welcome! Please take a few seconds to create your free account to post threads, make some friends, remove a few ads while surfing and much more. ClutchFans has been bringing fans together to talk Houston Sports since 1996. Join us!
What is Bickerstaff's Plan
Discussion in 'Houston Rockets: Game Action & Roster Moves' started by ISOBall, Nov 21, 2015.
Page 1 of 2Skip this Video
Shop Engagement Rings Austin TX
Your Perfect Love Deserves Perfect Diamond Engagement Ring At Sylvie Collection, choose unique diamond engagement ring from vast collection of rings in simple to elegant styles. At Sylvie store, get stylish and fashionable designer engagement rings Austin, TX at your budget. Feel Free & Shop with us!Centerline Length: 24' 0"
Beam: 8' 6"
Bridge Clearance: 93"
Dry Weight: 2,940
Maximum Weight: 4,645
Deadrise: 15°
Draft (hull): 13"
Fuel Capacity: 76 gal
Persons Capacity: 8
Total Capacity: 1,200
Maximum HP: 300
Transom: 25"
STANDARDS
18 12-volt power point
Anchor locker
Battery switch
Bilge pumps - automatic (1100 GPH) (1 primary and 1 back up)
Boot stripe (silver) (only available on White Pearl hull)
Bulkhead fittings for hydraulic hoses (splashwell)
Cockpit - self bailing with SST grates
Composite hull and deck
Console - battery compartment (up to 6)
Console - compass
Console - dash shroud
Console - dash space for flush electronics (compatible for (1) 10" display)
Console - door (lockable) with magnetic bottle opener
Console - full digital gauge instrumentation (2 gauge set up, tachometer, speedometer, volt, fuel, backlight and push button functions (for XA or XB single motors); single multifunction digital gauge with tachometer, speedometer, volt, fuel, fuel management, backlight and push button functions (for XCA single motors)
Console - hand rail
Console - horn
Console - rod holders (3) (side mount)
Cup holders (6)
Fuel/water separator
Gel coat - Isothalic and vinylester barrier coat (hull and deck)
Jump seats - with below deck storage (3) (flip up) (cockpit)
Lights - courtesy (LED) 92)
Lights - live well lights with turning knob
SST through hulls
SST transom saver
Steering - SeaStar hydraulic (tilt)
Storage - dual compartment (transom)
Storage - floor with 5-gallon bucket
Storage - large insulated compartments (bow)
Storage - port and starboard compartments with gas shocks
Storage/fish box - lockable (30 gallon)
Trolling motor plug with harness (12/24/36 volt)
Upholstery - marine grade vinyl
Upholstery - seat with cushion and backrest (forward of console)
Warranty - Limited Lifetime (hull)
Wind..
Your patients can lose weight safely and effectively with our physician-directed weight loss program. Our plan includes low calorie diets, B-12 injections, weight loss medication including Phentermine, Adipex and Tenuate to help with quick weight loss. Our Business to business program will take care of your documentation and make you look like a hero as they come back with their experiences.
Vet-US Environmental Services is a Veteran owned, Florida based, full service medical waste transport company specializing in partnerships with Small Quantity Medical Waste Generators. At Vet-US Environmental Services we are proud to be customer focused. We seek partnerships with the companies who share our commitment to those they serve. Owners, Doctors and Office Managers will know the VetUS ownership and staff and will be treated personally by those who service them. Our local knowledge and years of service in the medical waste industry will provide the confidence that you will be told the correct information and not be serviced from someone out of state. Holding true to its military roots, Vet-US Environmental Services doesn’t thrive on “hidden fees”, locked in long term contracts and non-responsive customer service like some national companies. Vet-US Environmental Services will ensure your compliance and has your local interest and reputation in mind.
Renco offers a variety of services including document imaging/scanning, microfilm scanning and conversion, plotting and computer aided drafting (CAD), Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) compliance consulting, web site development and hosting, and search engine optimization (SEO). We also offer DocuLinx, a secure web-based electronic document management system (EDMS).
Durbin Pharmacy is your local community pharmacy dedicated to bridging the gap between medicine and the patient by inspiring a new wave of personalized quality healthcare. In addition to being a full-service retail pharmacy, we also offer several unique services like affordable pharmacogenetic testing, group purchasing for physicians, as well as sterile and non-sterile compounding. We have both a designated RN and clinical pharmacist on staff to assist physicians and their staff with product questions and formulations, as well as patient medication management. We are located at 14965 Old St. Augustine Rd, just east of Baptist South Hospital off I-95.Oily skin needs an oil-free powder that will give it a matte look all day long. He will perform this task well Catrice Cosmetics All Matt Shine Control.
Apply the powder to cover any irregularities before leaving the house, but after an hour or two, it does not stay in place, while the face appears with an unwanted and unattractive glow. Do you know this scenario? We believe that most women with oily skin have experienced it. To avoid this, it is important not to skip deep cleansing of the face every day with the right products to help control the production of sebum on the skin, as well as to choose a quality powder that will control unwanted shine. We recommend you try the vegan Catrice Cosmetics All Matt Shine Control liquid powder, because the matte color is the perfect base for any season.
Photo: PR
What makes this powder special?
Higher performance, new tones, modern design … This season Catrice Cosmetics All Matt Shine Control is promoted. The enhanced, skin-friendly, vegan powder texture is free of mineral oils, microplastic particles, parabens, oils or alcohol. In addition to being available for 18 hours in four shades, it now has anti-fungal protection. Vitamin E protects the skin from free radicals, and EvermatTM provides a long-lasting matte appearance.
Read also … Powder, BB or CC cream? It depends on what your goal is
Improved packaging
In addition to improving texture, All Matt Shine Control comes in a new package. The innovative pump allows for better dosing of dust, while the cover is made from recycled plastic. Catrice she believes that all beauty lovers should have access to more sustainable cosmetics, as well as make them available to everyone. Also, responsible behavior towards the planet is becoming one of the basic needs of consumers. We are almost certain!
lepotaizdravlje.rs DragonImages / iStock via Getty Images, PRMy favorite thing about summer, by far, is summer food. Namely, barbecue’s, popsicles, ice cream and summer fruit. And for salads, anyone that knows me, knows, that I LOVE macaroni salad. This version happens to be my fave, not because I made it, but because it’s the perfect balance between not too creamy, not too sweet and just the right amount of crunch. And it’s super kid-friendly!
For this macaroni salad, I added diced red bell peppers, orange bell peppers, carrot, celery, red onion, cucumber, hard boiled egg, and a sprinkle of grated yolk and parsley. Instead of regular mayo, I used a veganaise, some dijon mustard, white wine vinegar and instead of sugar I sweetened it with a little bit of honey. It was delish! And it totally satisfied my pregnancy craving. My pregnancy cravings have been super weird so far, and macaroni salad was definitely one of them.
Also, to make this recipe vegan, you can totally omit the egg altogether. It still tastes fantastic.
This post may contain affiliate links. Visit my disclosure for full details.
Macaroni Salad Sweetened with Honey
Notes
Please feel free to add less or more of the veggies according to preference. You can also add more honey according to sweetness preference as well. Eliminate egg to make it vegan.
Ingredients
- 1 bag - 16 Oz of Macaroni Elbows
- 1/4 cup of diced red and orange bell pepper
- 1/4 cup of diced celery
- 1/4 cup of diced cucumber
- 1/4 cup of diced carrot
- 1/4 cup of diced red onion
- 2 hard boiled egg whites cut up
- sprinkle of grated hard boiled yolk for the top
- sprinkle of parsley (optional)
- 1/2 cup of veganaise (regular mayo if you don't want to use vegan mayo)
- 1-2 tsp of dijon mustard
- 1 tbsp of honey
- 1 tbsp of white wine vinegar
- salt and pepper to taste
Instructions
- Boil macaroni elbows according to package instructions.
- Boil two hard boiled eggs.
- Finely dice up all vegetables and set aside.
- In a big mixing bowl, prepare the veganaise, dijon mustard, honey, white wine vinegar and salt/pepper and mix together.
- Stir in the diced veggies.
- Once the macaroni is cooked, rinse well under cold water.
- Stir in the macaroni with veggies.
- Mix in the hard boiled egg whites.
- Grate the hard boiled yolk on top and sprinkle on some parsley.
- Cover and let cool in the refrigerator until ready to eat!
Hoping everyone is having an amazing summer! Enjoy!
For more fun summer pasta ideas, check out my lemon kale pasta. My daughter loves it, and it’s a great way to add in that kale! Also make sure to follow me on Instagram for more kid-friendly, kid-approved recipe ideas!People view the Bangkok skyline from the King Power Mahanakhon skyscraper in Bangkok on Friday. The country will open for more tourists from Nov 1 as the Covid-19 situation improves. (AFP photo)
Thailand logged 9,742 new Covid-19 cases and 74 new fatalities during the previous 24 hours, the Public Health Ministry announced on Saturday morning..Internet Explorer Channel Network protein based fibers like wool, alpaca and silk. In addition to being inexpensive, these are dyes you can easily find at your local grocery store. Another great thing about dyeing with Easter egg dye and food coloring is that these are nontoxic dyes, making them ideal for a fun afternoon crafting project with children. And if you are anything like me, you might already know that right after the holiday is the best time to stock up on Easter egg dye packages for year-round yarn dyeing fun!
In addition to your favorite Bare yarn and Easter egg dye or food coloring, you’ll also need a few other tools that you might already have around the house. First, you’ll want a large non-aluminum pot or crock pot. This might be the hardest part to gather for your dyeing adventures, however thrift stores are great for finding cheap crock pots and other larger pots. And all though the dyes are nontoxic, it is a good idea to use a dedicated pot that you’ll use only for dyeing. Additionally, you’ll need white vinegar, a large spoon for stirring (again, a good idea to get one dedicated to dyeing only), and rubber gloves to help avoid the dye from staining your hand.
Once you have all your supplies together, simply follow the instructions below to get started on creating your own custom colorways!
1. Wet your bare. Rinse any excess dye from your yarn, and hang your yarn up to dry. Wind into a ball and cast on!
The thing I love about dyeing my own yarn is that there is always a small element of surprise in how the yarn looks when it is rinsed and dry! In addition to using the kettle dyeing method as described above, these food coloring dyes also work well for hand painting, dip dyeing, or any other method you can think of. And most importantly – remember to have fun!
You can find this tutorial and many other dyeing technique on the Knit Picks tutorials page here:
What is your favorite method of dyeing Bare yarns?Soccer Field Diagram – Tips On Soccer Positions
What's really surprising to know is that coaches refuse to use a soccer field diagram to teach several different soccer formations to kids. Or in case they do it, they fall short of making the players appreciate the significance of 4 main positions. These 4 positions are Forwards, Midfielders, Defenders, and the Goalie. Let's individually talk about these.
Forwards: These are the players who place themselves by the opponent's goal. Their task is to turn the passes into goals that other players at several positions in field make. Because they will be the ones who make maximum shoots to the goal, they need to be very tough. This is important even if they do not have other skills of great quality.
Nonetheless, the other players shall apparently keep shifting from one position to a different position. Forward players when playing in the middle are known as strikers and when playing close to the touch lines, they are called wings. However, in accordance with their chief job as forwards, they need to have a tough body and strong shooting toes.
Mid-fielders: As is clear from the name, these players play in the middle of the soccer field. Their task is to get the ball, then pass it to the forward players so that they can move them into goalposts for scoring. There are either normally 5 or 6 mid-fielders. Define their position clearly in the soccer field diagram.
The coach should focus on improving the tackling and dribbling abilities of the players. This is really instrumental in stealing the ball from the opposition and attacking the opposition. Apart from this, they should be good at passing the ball. These are crucial soccer positions on the field diagram.
Defenders: These players protect the goal from attacks and hence are called defenders. As you can visualize, their position is crucial. They are 3 to 5 in number and guard the goal closely to avert attacks.
Apart from this, their task is to collect the ball from the goalie and pass it to the players. One skill that is primary to their armory is kicking the ball to far off midfielders and therefore the coach must help them develop this ability.
Goalie: This is the person who defends the goal post and never allows the attacks to convert to goals. When all other players are unsuccessful in defending the goal, the goalie must use his powers to subvert the attack.
Because the goalie can use his hands and the only one in the team allowed to do this, the coach should invent special soccer tactics, drills and exercises to make the most of it.
Now that you are armed with this information, you must create a soccer field diagram and then discuss these positions with your players. This will let them understand the significance of the various positions. Our youth soccer coaching community has several useful newsletters, articles, and videos. Enroll today to make the most of them and rise in your coaching career.The Simple Formula to Calculate Hiking Speed
Planning a backpacking trip involves a lot of preparation and planning. The first detail to figure out is how long you'll be out on the trails. Your timeline is usually driven by your hiking speed. If you only have a couple of days to backpack then you won't be able to take on any 75 mile loops. You also don't want to underestimate and plan a 20 mile loop for a 7 day trip.
But what about those ones that are in between? Is 30 miles the right length for a 3 day trip? Can 30 miles be done in 2 days? What about 25 miles? Luckily there's a simple rule of thumb you can use called Naismith's rule which is:
Naismith's Rule for Calculating Hiking Speed
Click to enlarge
- Allow 1 hour for every 3 miles of flat, smooth terrain.
- Add 1 hour for every 2,000 feet of elevation gain.
Naismith's rule was created way back in 1892 by Scottish mountaineer William Naismith.
This rule is a simple approximation for a hiker in good, athletic shape who is carrying a moderately heavy backpack. If you're out of shape or if you have a heavy pack (45+ pounds) then your speed on flat terrain will be closer to 2 mph than the 3 mph Naismith estimated.
There are a lot of calculators online and other ways to estimate your speed but this simple rule is a close approximation and is much faster and easier to use than the more complex calculations.
Example of Calculating Your Average Hiking Speed
Here's a couple examples showing how to calculate your hiking time:
- On a completely flat trail that's 21 miles long, it will take 7 hours to complete.
- On a hike up a large hill that's 15 miles long and has an elevation gain of 2,000 feet, it will take 6 hours to complete. (5 hours for the 15 miles then 1 hour for the 2,000 foot of elevation gain).
- On a hike up a steep mountain that's 6 miles long and has 6,000 feet of elevation gain you can estimate 5 hours to complete. (2 hours for the 6 miles then 3 hours for 6,000 feet of elevation gain)
Adjustments to Naismith's Rule
If you want to get really specific you can throw in some additional tweaks to this formula.
For every 1,000 feet of elevation loss, you can subtract 10 minutes. This is pretty intuitive since you can move more quickly going down a mountain instead vs going up.
If you extrapolate that out to 2,000 feet though you can see that you'll subtract 20 minutes total coming down. Naismith's rule says to add 1 hour to go up 2,000 feet so if you are on a trail with a lot of up and down you'll net out at an additional 40 minutes to go up 2,000 feet then back down 2,000 feet.
How to More Accurately Estimate Your Hiking Speed
The best way to more accurately figure out your hiking speed is simple; just measure it.
Throw on a backpack with 30-40 pounds in it and go for a 1 mile hike near your house and use that as your baseline. You can use that rate to tweak Naismith's formula.
Also keep in mind that when you're backpacking you'll be stopping to eat, filter water, answer nature's call, and adjust your pack. All of these small stoppages add up and need to be accounted for in your estimates.
Other Factors that Affect Hiking Speed
In addition to the adjustments mentioned above, there are a couple of factors you can estimate to get a feel for whether you need to tweak your time estimate up or down just based on your gear, terrain and conditioning.
- Backpack weight affecting hiking speed
- If you're going on a day hike and you're only carrying the essentials, you'll be able to move much faster than if you're carrying a fully loaded 45 pound pack with enough gear for a 7 day excursion. When estimating your hiking speed, weigh your pack and if it weighs more than 35-40 pounds you'll probably want to lower your average speed down from 3 mph to 2.5 mph or so.
- Terrain affect on hiking speed
- Terrain has an obvious affect on hiking speed and it's shown in Naismith's formula. Going up hill will add significant time to your hike and you'll be averaging closer to 1 mph on an incline instead of the 3 mph you would get on flat terrain. Additionally, rocky terrain or areas that have stream crossings and downed trees can add time to your hike. These will be hard to pinpoint before your trip but you should have a general idea of how smooth the trails will be. If you're going somewhere popular the trails will probably be smooth. If you're going off the beaten path then you might want to be conservative and estimate 2 mph instead of 3 mph on flat terrain.
- Strength and conditioning affect on hiking speed
- This one is obvious but can sometimes be hard to estimate without actually hiking and getting real world experience. Someone in really good shape who can run a 6 minute mile will probably be able to sustain something closer to 3-3.5mph while hiking on flat terrain. Another person who rarely exercises and isn't used to carrying a lot of weight will probably be closer to 2 mph just due to their muscles and cardiovascular health.
- Trekking poles to help with hiking speed
- Trekking poles can be really useful for people who have knee problems, but they can also help increase your speed when going up an incline and slightly help your speed on flat terrain. Trekking poles help you move more quickly over obstacles like rocky terrain and small stream crossings. These little slow downs add up over the course of several days and you could estimate trekking poles to add 5-10% to your estimated speed.
How to Find Trail Length and Elevation Gain
If you're not sure where to find the trail information you need to estimate your hiking time, there are 2 resources I'd recommend:
For trail length, use Alltrails.com. This site has almost every trail in the world mapped out with reviews and details like length and difficulty. Use this site to get the trail length.
For elevation change I like to use Caltopo.com. This site not only shows elevation change, but provides a convenient chart showing inclines and declines so you can account for the slow downs when you're climbing up and the small speed increase you'll pick up when you are headed back down.
Wrap Up
An average hiking speed of 3 mph is a good starting point. If you're not in great shape, have a really heavy pack, or will be hiking at a higher elevation, you should use 2 mph as an estimate.
Of course no estimate is a replacement for real world experience so the sooner you can get out there and measure your actual hiking speed, the better. Once you get a feel for your normal speed you'll be able to easily estimate your average hiking speed on future trips with different terrain and gear pack outs.Hospitals in Michigan and Minnesota on Tuesday reported a wave of COVID-19 patients not seen in months as beds were filled with unvaccinated people and health care leaders warned that staff were being worn down by yet another surge.
Michigan had slightly more than 3,000 COVID-19 patients in hospitals this week, the first time it had crossed that threshold since spring, while nearly all hospital beds were occupied in Minnesota. Both held the unflattering rank of national virus hotspots.
It “should be alarming to all of us,” Bob Riney, chief operating officer at Henry Ford Health System in Detroit, said of the hospital crush.
The overall outlook has improved significantly in recent weeks in the U.S., with coronavirus hospitalizations standing at about 40,000, compared with more than 90,000 at the peak of the delta surge. Virus spread has slowed in the South to the point that more locations are doing away with mask restrictions.
But pockets of the country are seeing surges, including the Northeast, Rockies and Upper Midwest.
Henry Ford Health and Spectrum Health across the state in Grand Rapids, Michigan, together reported 700 COVID-19 patients in their hospitals, the majority of whom were not vaccinated. Positive test rates were running above 20%.
Michigan had the country’s highest seven-day COVID-19 case rate at 503 per 100,000 people, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Minnesota was No. 2 at 490.
“All of us had hoped that we’d be in a very different place as we approach this Thanksgiving season. But we really are not,” Riney said.
When he listens to front-line staff, Riney said they are disheartened to see more COVID-19 cases, especially when vaccines are available.
“These are the women and men that the community celebrated last year,” he said. “Parades were held in their honor. They were touted as the heroes they are. … They haven’t gotten a break.” and New Mexico in offering them to anyone 18 or older instead of only giving them to people at a greater risk for COVID-19 or age 65 and up.
Elsewhere, some communities in the South were easing virus restrictions as a result of high vaccination rates and low numbers of positive tests.
Louisiana State University dropped an indoor mask order on campus. More than eight out of every 10 students and 79% of staff are vaccinated against COVID-19.
“We are moving forward with confidence but with caution,” President William Tate said.
Masks and social distancing now are optional in Florida courthouses. Chief Justice Charles Canady noted that nearly 70% of eligible Florida residents were fully vaccinated and the rate of new COVID-19 cases had dropped.
In Orange County, Florida, which includes Orlando, county employees are no longer required to wear masks indoors, although masks still are recommended. Local virus transmission risk was downgraded to moderate.
___
Associated Press writers Steve Karnowski in Minneapolis, Gretchen Ehlke in Milwaukee and David Eggert in Lansing, Michigan, contributed to this story.Internship - KSA Based
- 6931 King Abdul Aziz Rd, حي المصيف، Riyadh 12467 2479, Saudi Arabia
- Intern
Company Description
Homzmart is an end to end community that connects home professionals with homeowners who can browse home designs, furniture, accessories and products and also can find reviews, referring professionals, take advice from professionals and read articles about home improvement.
Job Description
Internships are now open at Homzmart where you will work in a highly entrepreneurial setting.
Opportunities are within the departments of:
1- Marketing
2- Finance
3- Supply Chain and Logistics
4- Business Development
5- Customer Care
Qualifications
- University students or Fresh Graduates of a related major to the desired opportunity.
- Solid written and spoken English and Arabic.
- Good Microsoft Office skills including Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
- Good communication and presentation skills.
- Ability to work collaboratively in a team.
- Must have a winning mentality, be reliable, honest, and trustworthy.
Additional Information
Internship location: Riyadh, KSA
Make sure your application is in English
Must specify in the Application the desired field of workLots developer there are five key points that you should seriously consider. We’ll describe each of them later on. But before we start we need one thing to mention.
There are two kinds of quality indicators to notice while hiring mobile app developers:
- Internal indicators that are totally dependant on developer or dev team.
- External, or hybrid indicators, that are determined by the market, your budget, idea, and objective.
Baring this fact in mind, let’s get to the point and answer the question of how to hire an app developer, meaning how to evaluate the development team.
Portfolio
The first one is app developer’s portfolio of course. The portfolio is not like a website, that developer just built on the whim. Most of the time, because it’s so expensive to produce, developer’s works are limited by the client’s budget, creativity, idea, and general purpose of the project.
That’s why in order to understand the full range of developers’ capabilities you have to really talk to them and make sure that they have the vision and skills required. Especially if you have a complicated project, you need to make sure that they have a certain set of proficiencies.
Portfolio will help you look for these proficiencies. A good app developers’ portfolio describes the project beyond the fancy design. It must list functionality, integrations, tech map, time expenses. Especially if you’re looking at mobile app developers’ portfolio.
A trustworthy portfolio features more than just UI/UX designs.
While examining case studies identify tasks and technologies similar to your project. This way you can find hints that will help you to evaluate the skill level of the team and their proficiency in particular topics.
Internal team
Lots of app companies now (because of competition and because they’re just growing so big) have a salesperson. That will be your first point person. And that’s really great in understanding your contract and how the company works.
Unfortunately, it won’t help you in understanding how the creative team performs. So you really want, before signing any contract, to test out the creative team and make sure that they are on the same page. Because once you sign the contract, you’re on the hook. Especially if you’re singing a Time & Material contract.
There could be something in the contract that says: “If the creative team did finds out the project much more complicated – they are eligible to raise the price”. And you’re now pot committed.
Evaluate creative team before signing a contract.
There are several ways to test-drive creative team. First one is the how much in-detail estimation they send to you. But, hey! Don’t expect to get an in-detail estimation out of few phrases you wrote in the contact form! This is a team sport. You will feel the performance by how many and how forward-looking question the team asks you.
The second step is to order software Software Requirements Specification for your project. At this step you will be introduced to the creatives: software architect, business developer, and web designs team. You will be communicating with one of them or even with several team members. Specs development is your best chance to evaluate the team before actually deciding to hire mobile app developers.
In addition, the team may meet halfway and offer a few preliminary designs or wireframes. But this bonus only works if you have clearly described use cases and they are not too complicated for drafting.
Pricing Breakdown
The next thing that often found in app development contracts is the price/work breakdown on the percentage basis. For example, 30% up front, 40% halfway through, 30% upon delivery. Or 40% front end, 40% backend, 10% QA.
These two pricing examples are terrible and we strongly advise not to do so. The best way of price breakup is by milestones. For examples, wireframes – a certain amount of dollars; functionality A – fixed dollars amount. And if you’ll find out by that time that you don’t want to continue to work with the team, you’ll get the wireframes at least and pay only for them.
You have to know when and what things are going to be delivered and the price for each of those deliverables.
Review & References
This is a very important criterion, and you should absolutely choose the team that has positive feedbacks from their previous clients.
Places to search for feedbacks:
- Company’s website / portfolio.
- Clutch – trustworthiness 100%. The platform interviews clients by phone.
- Upwork – trustworthiness 75%. The platform has selective moderation, there may be duplicates, controversial and fake reviews.
- Fiverr – trustworthiness 70%. The platform has swift moderation, but there are too many gig project and review to keep track of all of them.
Types of clients feedbacks:
- Individuals – that feedback you can get from the platforms listed above.
- Corporate clients – the reviews of this type of clients are hard to find on the internet. But the client manager can put in contact with those companies or share some project’s details with the consent of the company of course.
In addition, the team can put you in direct contact with their previous clients, if you happened to be from the same region/country, or have a somehow similar project.
Upgrade Over Time
The next thing. Don’t launch with every bells and whistle. What’s cool about an app is that you can constantly upgrade it. Consider that the price for maintenance can be as much as 20% of the original app cost.
Upgrades are a good reason to you reach out to your community and let them know there is upgrade. It’s great to get some feedback and listen to what the community wants. Don’t waste this opportunity.
A trustworthy team will advise you to go with small steps. Maybe try to build MVP first, or deploy new functionality on a step-by-step basis, as additional milestones. This strategy will not only save your money but also prevent confusion and save time.
Bottom Line
Finding a reliable mobile app developer is a challenging task nowadays. Despite the huge number of existing proposals on the market, professionals are still hard to find and even harder to distinguish from amateurs. But if you try sometimes, you may find and get what you need!
I need 2 developersGRAMMY® Love: Obama’s “A Promised Land” Best Spoken Word Nominee
Can a two-term U.S. President be a three-time GRAMMY® winner?
Barack Obama’s “A Promised Land,” one of 2020 and 2021’s biggest-selling audios — and of course also last year’s biggest-selling hardcover and e-book — has been bestowed with a major new touchstone achievement: a nomination voted by members of the Recording Academy®, announced November 23, as one of the five nominees for 2021 “ Best Spoken Word Album” GRAMMY®.
Thus, Penguin Random House’s singular GRAMMY® tradition continues.
Mr. Obama previously won in the category for the Random House Audio productions of “Dreams From My Father” which he read from his first memoir, and “The Audacity of Hope,” his second.
This year’s winner will be revealed at the GRAMMY Awards Premiere Ceremony® to be live streamed in Los Angeles Monday, January 31, just ahead of the CBS-TV GRAMMY Awards® broadcast that evening.
“A Promised Land,” read and written by the former President, has been a #1 New York Times Audio Bestseller in its Random House Audio edition, as well as a #1 bestselling Crown hardcover and e-book. Produced by our GRAMMY®-decorated colleague Dan Zitt and Scott Cresswell, the production has received much critical praise. “Obama, a master orator, is skilled at keeping the listener’s attention,” said the New York Times Book Review. AudioFile Magazine observed, “President Obama’s distinctively deliberate delivery, angular cadence, and love of words are all fully on display…”
Penguin Random House Audio has a glorious history with the GRAMMY®, including 17 wins and 47 additional nominations. Even more humbling: its productions have won this GRAMMY® Award 5 out of the past 7 years: “Blowout,” read and written by Rachel Maddow (2021); “Becoming,” read and written by Michelle Obama (2020); “The Princess Diarist,” read and written by Carrie Fisher (2018); “In Such Good Company,” read and written by Carol Burnett (2017); and “Diary of a Mad Diva,” read and written by Joan Rivers (2015).
Full-throated congratulations to Mr. Obama, the production team, and our entire Penguin Random House Audio Group.DescriptionSHIFT: No Weekends
Do you have the career opportunities you want in your current role? We have an exciting opportunity for you to join the nation's largest provider of healthcare services as a Director Clinical Services LC student loan repayment. We would love to talk to you about this fantastic opportunity.
Corpus Christi Medical Center, Corpus Christi, TX
Bayview Behavioral Health Hospital
Director Clinical Services LCSW
Corpus Christi Medical Center is a 631- bed.GENESIS.
GENESIS Features
- 3”x3” upright posts with adjustment holes on all four sides and laser cut numbers
- Sturdy 2”x3” tube steel base that does not need to be mounted to floor
- Zinc plated weight pegs: 8x8” long
- 1” Diameter chin up bar
- Sandwich style 1.5" thick UHMW bar cups
- Custom two tone gloss powder coating
- Stray Dog proprietary modular rack system
- Compatible with all Stray Dog Rack System attachments
- Compatible with Stray Dog machine add-ons
- Guaranteed to be compatible with all future Stray Dog Rack System attachments
RENEGADE series
Titan Series
Yesterday Nintendo announced a couple of major developments meant to bolster their sagging console business. The first is a price drop on the Wii U system to $299 to compete with the upcoming Sony & Microsoft consoles. They also launched the 2DS, a non-3D system that will play all DS and 3DS games for just $129.99.
Mike S did a great job running down the details of the announcements and also the game line-ups for Fall release for Wii U and 3DS systems. So what I wanted to do was run down some thoughts on the Wii U price cut and the annoucement of the 2DS.
Wii U Price Cut:
The price cut is clearly meant to deal with the continued lousy sales of the Wii U and the upcoming launch of the PS4 and XBOX One. How does this work?
Sony and Nintendo are releasing new platforms, so all of the attention is on them this year. Nintendo has struggled since the Wii peaked a few years ago, and the launch of the Wii U has not helped. According to Nintendo ‘price is not the issue’ because the Deluxe version was outselling the base version. But I alwasy thought it was more about the value – there are enough extras in the Deluxe pack to justify the added $50.
Apparently Nintendo agrees, as the cut comes to the Deluxe version, essentially killing off the base model. This positions Nintendo to be price competitive with Sony & Microsoft while also packing in extras to make their system more attractive … well, as attractive as possible.
Price cuts pretty much always lead to increased sales for consoles. The real question is how much of a bump … and how long will it last. For the 3DS the price drop had a huge impact, but it remains to be seen how the Wii U will fare. After all, for the ‘hardcore’ graphics-centric gamer, the Wii U isn’t even on the radar.
My final concern is about profitability. Nintendo is reportedly losing money on the Wii U, but they need to maintain mind share and relevance at pretty much any cost right now. The theory is that the first-party game sales will be high enough to make up for the lost console profits. Will it work? No clue – but with the line-up they of games they are launching it is their last, best shot!
Nintendo 2DS
I have two sets of thoughts about the Nintendo 2DS as well – regarding the 3DS and regarding the 2DS itself.
The 3DS has actually been doing pretty well, capturing >85% of the dedicated handheld console market – which is a better share than the DS compared to the PSP. It started off rough, with the $249 system not gaining any traction and resulting in many editorials calling the 3DS ‘dead on arrival’ and prompting a quick price cut to $169.99 – and from there the system has sold more than 33 million units and dominate the dedicated handheld space. But due to the quick price cut it is pretty clear that the profit margin (if any) is very low. I share the opinion of others that one reason for the 2DS to be launched and priced at $129.99 is because it offers higher profit margins.
The Nintendo 2DS was a surprise to me in appearance more than anything else, looking like a wedge that would be playable sitting on a small lap or table as well as carried around like a virtual pacifier at the mall. There seems to be a clear marketing attempt to draw in the younger demographic – because they have killed the 3D screen (concern for younger eyes), made it non-folding (broken hinges are apparently a big deal), and dropped the price.
Nintendo is losing the ‘under 7’ market slowly to smartphones as more and younger kids are using an iPod Touch or something similar. They used to get kids hooked with a GameBoy and work up to having a console and handheld. The changes they made are very attractive to parents who are choosing something other than a V-Tech or Leap Pad for their kids in preschool or before. And let’s be clear – Nintendo doesn’t care whether I like it or YOU like it or a 3DS owner likes it … they are aiming for a different customer.
Of course there is a side-effect that I am sure Nintendo considered – 3D is now optional. The big reason for the 3DS was 3D gaming, and there have been some pretty solid releases. Now there is little reason to pursue the effect with all of the associated costs. I’m sure we’ll see plenty of 3D games through the holidays, but if the 2DS is a hit we have seen the end of 3D gaming for a while.
My final thought on the 2DS is that $99.99 is ‘impulse’ pricing for this sort of system … but $129.99 comes close. I would be very surprised if the 2DS didn’t outsell the 3DS this season – and since Nintendo makes more on the 2DS, they would be just fine if that happened.
Conclusions
Nintendo is in trouble right now – not desperate but struggling. Their sales across the board are down and their console presence has continuously diminished since the peak of the Wii craze. The price cut will move systems, but the impact will be short-lived. As for whether the 2DS will have the desired impact … I just don’t know. It is cheap enough that it even has me contemplating one, and I have seen parents of young kids raving about it in gaming forums. I see it doing much better than the Vita this winter, but will it be enough?
What are your thoughts on Nintendo and these announcements?About Me: Education is a profession of which I am incredibly proud. As I see it, educators are the architects of young people’s dreams. Parents trust us, and children trust us, to provide them with every chance to succeed. We must give them multiple ways to get it right, and design our systems so that it is arduous to fail.
I have been engaged in school improvement on a daily, local level for the past fifteen years. I have worked as a teacher, special needs director, and elementary school principal. I am currently an Assistant Superintendent and WCEA/ WASC Accreditation Commissioner for the 44 elementary schools and 9 high schools in the Diocese of Oakland. In every position I have held, I have demonstrated a relentless commitment to the success of all students and to the improvement of school communities.
I have a Masters degree from the University of San Francisco and am thrilled to continue my education at the University of California Berkeley. On a personal note, I am an occasional runner, enthusiastic hiker, and unabashed dancer. I love connecting with colleagues in education and look forward to learning with and from you here in the EDRL.
Research Interests: Through my graduate research in LEEP, I am exploring how technology affects teaching and learning. How can sociocultural theory illuminate the dialectical relationship between teachers and new technologies? How does online instruction facilitate reflection and evolution in teacher practice? And how can we harness the power of digital education to improve student outcomes, promote equity and transform our institutions?BeautyStat.com, the seed-funded e-commerce tech company founded by veteran beauty executive Ron Robinson, announced it has developed a search and discovery platform that gives consumers alerts of beauty product deals, exclusive offers and ways to search and discover new and exciting products that meet their unique beauty needs.
In developing its new platform, the BeautyStat.com team realized consumers lack an easy way to comparison shop and search for best prices or special offers in beauty, as well as a way to find out when/where their favorite products are in stock. Additionally, consumers want unbiased info to help them make smarter purchases, and they want an easy way to discover, new and exciting products that meet their beauty needs.
Meanwhile, beauty brands and retailers are both looking sell their products (through incremental sales opportunities, as well as reaching new consumers), and both also want competitive and consumer intelligence to help them more effectively sell their products.
Bottom line: BeautyStat.com found consumers were having to go to multiples sources for content and then multiple sources to buy online—and developed an engagement platform through its site to solve this. The site reinvented itself into a discovery retail site that gives consumers alerts of beauty product deals, exclusive offers and ways to discover new products using its proprietary personalized algorithm. The revamped BeautyStat.com site is a one-stop destination for content and commerce, directing on the lowest prices, the newest, hottest products, and personalized expert content that allows users to make smarter beauty purchase decisions. And for brands and retailers, they now have the ability to expose their products to a consumer who is searching for new, exciting products. And BeautyStat.com also leads consumers to brand and retailer e-commerce sites to help drive online sales, as well as offer things such as sponsored searches and content, market research/competitive intelligence, word-of-mouth marketing and lead generation.
BeautyStat.com has secured relationships with retail partners Macy’s, Walmart, Walgreens, Birchbox, Amazon, eBay, Nordstrom and Sephora, as well was partnerships with beauty brands Olay, Murad, Too Faced Cosmetics, Coolway, eSalon, and Cezanne Perfect Finish Keratin Smoothing Treatment.
“Having worked in the [beauty world] space for over 20 years, I saw firsthand how frustrated consumers were—and still are—searching for beauty products that meet their needs. Plus, this platform is going to help beauty brands and retailers cost-effectively reach consumers,” Robinson said. “Consumers will now have one unique and convenient place to shop and learn about beauty, skin care, hair care, and fragrance regarding product availability; where to find products when out-of-stock on a certain site, as well as compare prices.”
BeautyStat.com has built its user base courtesy of social media, including over 70 thousand Twitter followers and over 65 thousand Facebook fans. The already-socially engaged beauty community site will also now allow users to become members by creating personal profile pages to bookmark favorite products and articles.
BeautyStat.com will also continue to build its editorial content with personalized product reviews and well-researched editorials from the industry's most renowned experts found on the BeautyStat.com Blog.As we get older, our joints may suffer to the point that knee replacement surgery is required. The cause of the pain is often osteoarthritis and rheumatoid arthritis, which also cause decreased joint mobility and even limit our desire to enjoy an active lifestyle.
Historically, New Orleans orthopedic surgeons request that knee replacement patients focus on building strength and staying as active as possible. To accomplish this, they recommend:
- Balanced nutrition;
- Maintaining a healthy weight;
- Stop smoking;
- Limiting alcohol intake;
- Pre-surgery muscle strengthening.
Although you should avoid activities that considerably increase pressure in damaged joints (such as using a stair climbing machine, running or intense hiking), being in good physical condition before surgery will help in the recovery.
Your New Orleans orthopedic surgeon Dr. Richard Meyer has found that protein intake could provide relief and quicker recovery for baby boomers who face total knee replacement surgery. Twenty grams of essential amino acids taken twice a day for a week before and for two weeks after knee-replacement surgery helps patients recover faster and with much less muscle atrophy.
Faster recovery is a big advantage for knee-replacement patients who have dealt with pain for a long time and are excited about the possibility of relief. And it’s welcome news to learn that something so easy and relatively inexpensive can help.
Essential amino acids are proteins that are not naturally produced by our bodies and must therefore come from various food sources. Your body needs to be well nourished to heal, and the nutrients from food provide us with the strength, energy and ability we need.
According to your New Orleans orthopedic surgeon, key nutrients worth highlighting that are important before, during and after your surgery include:
• Calcium to heal bones and keep them strong;
• Vitamin D, which helps absorb calcium and strengthens your immune system;
• Iron, which is needed to build up hemoglobin and prevent anemia;
• Vitamin B12 and foliate/folic acid, which are important nutrients to prevent other types of non-iron-related anemia.
The success of your knee-replacement surgery is contingent upon being prepared both physically and mentally. As your New Orleans orthopedic surgeon will discuss with you, knee-replacement surgery is not a simple procedure, but it can help improve the quality of your life in the years ahead. The willingness to prepare for your surgery in advance combined with the responsibility for correct post-surgery rehabilitation assures a speedier recovery and offers longer-term health benefits associated with a more active lifestyle.A Tax Resolution company is a tax business that specializes in resolving back tax debts for individuals or businesses with the IRS and State. Unlike your normal tax offices like H&R Block or CPAs who only deal with current year tax returns, Tax Resolution companies file back tax returns and resolve tax debts. Dealing with the IRS can be time consuming and complex, Tax Resolution companies offer an important service to the public to help resolve their tax debts using professionals. These professionals consist of, Tax Attorneys, IRS Enrolled Agents, or CPAs. Though every case is different, the typical case goes through the following process.
Typical Tax Resolution Process
- IRS Investigation: This is where the tax resolution company will file an IRS Power of Attorney (Form 2848) to establish communications with the IRS. A transcript analysis will be done to see what the IRS is looking for and what they have on record for you.
- Tax Compliance: Missing tax returns will be filed based on transcripts obtained and possible deductions.
- Tax Resolution : Tax professionals will then analyze your financial situation, and ability to pay, to choose from the following IRS options.
- Offer in Compromise (Settlement) Form 656, and Form
- Currently Non-Collectible Status
- Partial Pay Installment Agreement
- Installment Agreement
- Penalty Abatement
Clients of tax resolution companies usually know they are falling behind on their tax bill, however the IRS can be scary and tricky to deal with. Tax professionals from the tax resolution industry play a vital role in helping taxpayers navigate the maze of tax. The industry can be scammy with companies praying on the fear taxpayers have of the IRS. Research is key in looking for a company to work with. Talking to the professional handling you case is crucial to the success of your case being resolved.
If you are facing collection actions from the IRS, having essential knowledge about all your options is vital. With help from the professionals at EA Tax Resolutions, you can be sure to get the help you deserve. If you have any questions or concerns don’t hesitate and call a professional at EA Tax Resolutions to help you.
+1-800-245-0596RN-ICU Travel Nursing Opportunity Available in San Diego, CA
- Employer
- RNnetwork
- Location
- San Diego, California
- Salary
- Competitive
- Posted
- Oct 12, 2021
- Closes
- Nov 12, 2021
- Ref
- 600958
- Specialty
- ICU / CCU, Traveling Nurse
- RNnetwork has an excellent travel opportunity for a provider experienced in the following specialty: RN-ICU. This opportunity will be available in San Diego, CA. The Intensive AM - 07:00 PM
- Customized benefits package with the pay and insurance coverage you need, beginning day one
- Paid private housing and utilities, and reimbursement for travel
- Reimbursement for licensing and certification
- Why choose RNnetwork?
Similar jobs
New
New
NewDownload Tesla Real To Reel 1 2 mp3 flac full album vinyl rip
Real to Reel is a studio album by hard rock band Tesla. Released on June 5, , it includes covers of classic rock songs from the late s and early s recorded by Tesla in their own style using. 1. "Space Truckin'", Ritchie Blackmore, Ian Gillan, Roger Glover, Jon Lord, Ian Paice · 2. "Walk Away", Joe Walsh · 3. "Hand Me Down World", Kurt. Tesla Electric Company Recordings, Inc. Manufactured & marketed by Rykodisc under exclusive license. Package also has space for Reel 2. View credits, reviews, tracks and shop for the CD release of "Real To Reel 1 & 2" on Discogs. Following the footsteps of REEL 1 comes REEL 2, the companion piece, with the specially created CD packaging of REEL 1 designed to hold 2 reels. Fans can elect. They couldn't have picked better songs to cover,at least on Reel is unfortunate that you have to pick up Reel 2 at the that is another subject. Real to Reel is a cover song studio album released on June 5, , it includes covers of classic rock songs from the late 's and early 's recorded. REEL 2 can only be obtained by purchasing a concert ticket to a Tesla and tend to make you think the album contains REEL's 1 & 2, only to find out after. [1]Best Buy included a limited, exclusive Bonus CD with the purchase of "Real to Reel". This Bonus CD includes 4 songs, "War Pigs" from Reel Two. Real to Reel, Vol. 2 by TESLA, released 25 September 1. All the Young Dudes 2. Make It Last 3. Shooting Star 4. Not Fragile 5. Street Fighting Man 6.
1 thoughts on “Download Tesla Real To Reel 1 2 mp3 flac full album vinyl rip”Tangled Vines Kay Bratt [PDF] Download ✓ Tangled Vines : by Kay Bratt - Tangled Vines, Tangled Vines With the bad memories of the Cultural Revolution and a life of hard work behind them Benfu and his treasured Calla Lily are content watching their daughters blossom six young women who they adopted a. [PDF] Download ✓ Tangled Vines : by Kay Bratt, Tangled Vines, Kay Bratt, Tangled Vines WithWith the bad
914 Blog on “Tangled Vines”
Shocked by a combination of how horribly bad the first book was with how lauded this series has been, I did some research to see, Who publishes something so odious I learned a bit about Publishing imprints, one of which is Lake Union Publishing which has released this series Because of it s popularity with families who have adopted from China, I will persevere through book 2, but I don t think I will enjoy it Consider this review a Public Service Announcementat shall be completed when I am done [...]
I have one complaint right off the batis is part of a trilogy Trilogy means there is only THREE books I want a book for every single daughter That being said, as you can see, book two of the Scavenger s Daughters did not disappoint me I will admit to having a harder time with Dahlia s story because I can t stand women who allow themselves to be victimized by menbut, and it s a big but, the ending revealed some things about her life that made me understand her a whole lot better and she displayed [...]
I really enjoyed this book, but the unnecessary drama at the end about 80% of the way in was just too much I skimmed to get the the end of that story arc I really did enjoy seeing the continuation of the Zheng family from the first book and look forward to reading about them, though the teaser for the next book in the back of this book seemed a bit DRAMATIC I will keep on reading, but really hope it doesn t fall into the trap of drama is what the books are about I really don t care if there is [...]
Bratt is a good storyteller and, like the first book, I enjoyed this one, too But you have to be willing to suspend belief There were some pretty ridiculous plot developments. [...]
TANGLED VINES provides an interesting perspective into modern Chinese society, an evolving structure that is still dealing with the aftermath of Mao s one child policy and the losses caused by the Red Guards during the Cultural Revolution.Linnae is a young clothing designer who is just beginning to make her way in the world As this story begins, she is about to open her own store, an accomplishment she is very proud of The makeup of Linnae s family is a very unusual one in China She was raised a [...]
I enjoyed this book even than I did the first one, The Scavenger s Daughters Although written in a simplistic style the sentiment of the story is beautiful and intriguing enough to keep you turning the pages This novel concentrated less on Benfu and Calli s adopted daughters and upon their long lost biological daughter, Dahlia, and the hardships that she faced Her story is a haunting one and reminiscent of the plight of many women who are victims of domestic violence She is a strong woman and [...]
GreatWonderful heart touching story Enjoyed it from beginning to end Will definitely keep your attention.looking forward to reading the 3rd book in this series.
A tale of family, love, horrific wrongs, redemption, acceptance, and forgiveness Also, a tale of pain, abandonment, abuse, strength, and courage Linnea s store is going strong, and she wants to find her adoptive parents daughter who was stolen from them as an infant by her paternal grandmother The grandmother wanted them to have a son to carry on the family name, not a daughter, so she kidnapped her Benfu and Calli suspected her and shut the grandparents out of their lives and took in lots of ot [...]
Ms Bratt she did it again.As I was growing up I recall someone tell me about good better and best The first book in this series was Good Tangled Vines was better I enjoyed the love story of the older grandparents I want Linn and Jake to be the replacement for the grandparents But I will feel sadness with the end of the grandfather He should be in every book of the series but that isn t possible, with his age and health, I don t feel he will last another book Woo hoo he got to live long enough fo [...]
This book is not quite historical, but does include some events that were common in China I loved this book I really enjoyed the first book in the series, but I loved this one even The story is sad and heavy at times, but the beauty of FAMILY spreads throughout the story and permeates every story thread in beautiful and brilliant waves The characters are lovable for the most part although Eric invokes such a feeling of hatred and anxiety This story is brilliantly told and the images are seared [...]
I really liked the first book in this series, this one less so but it was ok The story is still nice and so are the people This time I felt the author was struggling to make the connections happen between people so she was forcing it If I had to read one time for Jojo I would have screamed We, the reader, are so aware that this was Li Jin s motivation for everything she did I didn t need to be beaten around the head with it Still I have come to care for the characters of Callie, Benfu and Linne [...]
Delightful storyThis tale of the lives of some of China s lost girls is enchanting I ve been interested in literature set in China since I read Pearl Buck s The Good Earth , which was about 50 years ago I m also a huge Amy Tan fan This series will go onto my bookshelf next to those old friends It is very well written, and brings the post Mao, modern China up close and personal Also, quite a good mystery as well I recommend this book.
Wow, what an eye openerThis book is an eye opener into the Chinese cultureA couple of the characters in this book need there heads knocked together I really enjoyed the book and found it fascinating to learn about the Chinese culture I will add the next book in the series to my reading list
Reader CommentsAfter reading Tangled Vines I am encouraged to be a loving and protective parent to my own kids when I have them someday Tangled Vines helped me to see that I can rise above my abused childhood and have a family of my own someday Please recommend this novel to anyone you know who is an orphan and wants a family of his or her own someday.
Excellent book The author keeps me interested through this 3rd book of the series I enjoyed the continuing story of this family It helps me understand the unrest that occurred and still occurs in China Can t wait to read the next book.
Intriquing tale of family love and strivesWonderful story I like learning a little China history Characters are very likable but uniquely thei own person.Can t wait to start Book 3.
Yet another great installment of Benfu and his girls These are such great, easy and enjoyable reads Benfu, Callie, Lin, and Jett find themselves looking for Dahlia, Benfu and Callie s long stolen daughter While Li Jin and her son JoJo struggle to get through everyday life.
Enjoyable StoryI found the first half of the book slow and repetitious for someone who had already read Book 1 That s why I only gave it 4 stars The second half was very enjoyable I can t wait to read Book 3.
The book was fine I didn t care for the audio version Female reader s performances of male voices and older people was annoying to me.
Another fabulous book by Kay Bratt I ve already downloaded the third book in this intriguing series So glad I discovered Kay Bratt
Nice story lineI enjoyed this one, as I did the first and look forward to reading the next I San devoted to family as are the characters of this book.
Great series set in old time China follows a family through the ups and downs.
I read this 2nd book in the series in 3 days sooooo good.
Can t wait to read Book 3 I m captivated
Wonderful heartwarming book Though it deals with some serious themes, it manages to end so warmly that I couldn t help but smile to myself Definitely going to finish the whole series
LOVED this story I did read the first book of this series, The Tales of the Scavenger s Daughters, which I liked, but I enjoyed Tangled Vines even Kay Bratt is an excellent writer Her knowledge of Chinese history, culture, customs, and even landscape is evident in her works The characters in her books are artfully developed, and this reader s life has been enriched by knowing them.The first book of the series, The Scavenger s Daughters, introduces Benfu, the Scavenger , who is a tortured prison [...] [...]
Story Description Lake Union Publishing December 10, 2013 Trade Paperback ISBN 978 1477808818 [...]
Book TwoI think this is a wonderful series of books, though I ve only read the first two the next one comes out in April and inspire ordered it for my Kindle.I love stories of China, in fact I ve always kept my copies of Amy Tan, Lisa See etc but I found this through kindle so they ll be in my cloud.The story follows Benful, a scavenger by trade and his wife Calli and their extended family of lost or rather abandoned girls brought home to be raised as their own Girls have never been the first ch [...]Most Importantly, your Pet will appreciate a comfortable environment in which they can relax. This means that you ought to use the appropriate grooming tools. Use a vanity and washcloth, not a carpet cleaner. Pet beds that don’t wick moisture away are also a bad idea. It’s important to realize that dogs need dog grooming to stay healthy and well-groomed. It’s also important to be aware that dogs do not naturally groom themselves.
They have to be groomed by an experienced dog groomer to avoid the increase of mats and skin ailments. A gutter guard for your dog can help you keep your yard clean and free of debris so you can enjoy your time with your dog. You might need to purchase one special for your dog, based on the size of his head and if you have a long nose or a short nose. There are lots of different reasons why people groom their pets’ skin, hair and nails, yet, most people have something in common – they are using products that are created for pet grooming.
When you haven’t taken a look at a dog grooming manual in a little while, then you might be missing out on some great information on grooming. Here are some grooming facts that you should know about to get you started: If you’re having problems with your pet not cleaning itself then you need to learn what sort of dog that your dog has. Occasionally people are allergic to shampoo and you need to determine what their allergy is.
You then need to find out whether the shampoo will work for your dog or not. Dog grooming ought to be done by the owner, but in reality the majority of us overlook this during the regular grooming session. The owner only needs to remind your dog to take a walk once a day. He will be reminded he should take a stroll in time by the operator. Dog grooming should be done at least one time weekly or more often. If you try to ignore your dog, then you are only going to push them to do things that they are not ready for.
Have a walk and take action while you brush your dog’s teeth.. damaged when you are removing hair from the face and neck. When grooming a dog, the groomer should always wash their hands thoroughly and properly disinfect the area to prevent the spread of bacteria. Interestingly, the area should be kept dry and clean so that the dog can work out.
When the dog is done grooming, the time is right to rinse the area thoroughly with water to remove any dirt that may have been left behind. You should also make sure the groomer has been in business for quite a long time. In other words, the company should have received positive feedback and had great customer satisfaction. Dog grooming should be done at least one time weekly or more often. If you try to ignore your dog, then you’re just going to push them to do things which they are not ready for.
Take a walk and do it while you brush your dog’s teeth. Grooming items that are recommended for dogs to be used at home are little cuticle clips, tiny clippers, nail trimmers, nail cleaner, little scissors, grooming scoops, and grooming brush. The list of grooming tools and supplies you ought to use is very long and it has scalp scissors, hypoallergenic wipes, eye bags, foot rags, flea comb, hair dryer, and cloth diapers. Lots of people do not think about getting a Most Important pet until later in life.
It is never too late to become a caring owner! You may find yourself falling in love with An Interesting dog later in life.
Vous devez être connecté pour rédiger un commentaire.Going forward Facebook will notify users who have DNSChanger malware on their computer. You will receive an alert from Facebook says "Your computer or network might be infected" while browsing on Facebook if your computer is infected with this Trojan.
When a user browses to Facebook from a DNSChanger-infected computer, the social networking giant will display an alert with a link to the DNSChanger Working Group’s website which contains information about the malware and instructions on cleaning up the infection.
Google announced a similar plan back on May and displays alerts to victims through its search pages.
Do I need to worry about this message?
Like in my previous post this news is spreading across the world that they will lose the Internet access on July 9th who hasn’t taken steps to make sure their systems are not infected with DNS changer Trojan. Click here and check yourself whether your computer is infected or not.
Comments would be appreciated if you had this problem and share the way you did resolve.Recommendations from the founder of The Ethan Allen Institute, Vermont’s free-market public policy research and education organization; widely published commentator on Vermont issues; co-author of The Vermont Papers and editor of the Institute’s monthly Ethan Allen Letter.
Herbert Agar
Land of the Free (Boston: Houghton Mifflin, 1935)
Ralph Borsodi
Flight From the City (New York: Harper, 1933)
Wendell Berry
The Unsettling Of America (San Francisco: Sierra Club Books, 1977)
Baker Brownell
The Human Community (New York: Harper’s, 1950)
Frank Bryan and John McClaughry
The Vermont Papers; Recreating Democracy On A Human Scale (Post Mills VT: Chelsea Green, 1989)
G.K. Chesterton
The Outline Of Sanity (New York: Dodd Mead, 1927)
Alexis de Tocqueville
Democracy in America (1835) (many editions)
Richard Douthwaite
Short Circuit (Dublin: Lilliput Press, 1996)
Paul Goodman
People Or Personnel: Decentralizing The Mixed System (New York: Random House, 1965)
Andrew Greeley
No Bigger Than Necessary (New York: New American Library, 1977)
Jane Jacobs
Cities and the Wealth of Nations (New York: Random House, 1984)
Daniel Kemmis
Community and the Politics of Place (Norman: U. of Oklahoma Press, 1990)
Leopold Kohr
The Breakdown of Nations (1957) (New York: E.P. Dutton, 1978)
Petr Kropotkin
Fields, Factories and Workshops (1899) (New York: Harper Torchbook, 1974)
Arthur Morgan
The Future of Community and the Community of the Future (Yellow Springs OH: Community Service, 1957)
Robert Nisbet
The Quest for Community (New York: Oxford, 1953)
James Robertson
The Sane Alternative (London: James Robertson, 1978)
Wilhelm Ropke
A Humane Economy (1957) (Chicago: Henry Regnery, 1960)
Kirkpatrick Sale
Human Scale (New York: Coward, McCann & Geohegan, 1980)
E. F. Schumacher
Small Is Beautiful (1973) (Hartley & Marks, Port Roberts WA, 1999)
Michael Shuman
Going Local: Creating Self-Reliant Communities in the Global Age (London: Routledge, 2000)
Going Local, written by attorney and economist Michael Shuman, synthesizes the arguments why communities should resist the temptations of globalization and instead strengthen their economies through locally owned companies, import substitution, new community financial institutions, and smart local policymaking. He ultimately makes the case, from a progressive political viewpoint, for devolving political and economic power. The book contains an extensive appendix, entitled “Around the World Economy in 80 Ways,” which maps of how hundreds of organizations and interest groups in the United States fit into this new movement for decentralization.Women in the Workplace is the largest study on the state of women in corporate America. In 2015, LeanIn.Org and McKinsey & Company launched the study to give companies insights and tools to advance
gender diversity in the workplace. Between 2015 and 2021, over 750 companies participated in the study, and more than a quarter of a million people were surveyed on their workplace experiences.
Women_in_the_Workplace_2021Keeping your drivers, cargo and trucks safe might feel like an impossible task, but we’re on hand to help. With a complete fuel card offering, including secure bunker sites, products and safety tips, we can help keep your business safe year-round. We care, because you do too.
Keep your fleet moving with an
assured, competitive DERV supply
from Certas Energy.
About DERV
DERV is a type of fuel that is used in on-road vehicles to keep fleets moving. DERV stands for Diesel Engine Road Vehicle, but the fuel is also known as white diesel or road diesel. DERV is most commonly used to power transport and passenger vehicles that have diesel engines, such as trains, lorries, vans and boats.
Certas Energy is a leading UK fuel supplier with over 40 years of industry experience supplying high-quality DERV fuel to businesses. We’ve delivered over a million litres of bulk DERV fuel to customers nationwide, so you can count on us to deliver your fuel on time and in full. Speak to a member of our local team today or make an online enquiry through the buttons below.
WHY BUY DERV FROM CERTAS ENERGY?
- 130 local depots across the UK
- 900 tankers delivering diesel nationwide
- Quality product from reputable refineries
- Flexible payment options and credit terms
- Competitive diesel (DERV) pricing
- Excellent customer service
CONTACT OUR FUEL TEAM
If you have any questions about DERV or want to get a price based on your requirements, contact our fuel team today.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
What is DERV?
DERV (Diesel Engine Road Vehicle) is a liquid fuel product that is used to power road vehicles. The fuel is also known as white diesel or road diesel and can technically be used in any diesel-powered engine, but is more commonly used in lorries, HGVs (Heavy Goods Vehicles), LCVs (Light Commercial Vehicles), vans, trains, buses and coaches. DERV is typically used in businesses with vehicle fleets who need to transport passengers and goods over both long and short distances.
Unlike other industry fuels that are rebated to help with business costs, government duty tax applies to DERV fuel.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
What other names is DERV known by?
DERV has a variety of names, including:
- Diesel
- Road diesel
- Road DERV
- White diesel
- Ultra-low sulphur diesel (ULSD)
All of the above fuels are the same, but DERV is the more formal name for the fuel.
FUELTRACE
Onboard telematics
with onboard diagnostics to record information about a vehicle’s
movements, providing full visibility of fleet vehicles.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Where can I buy DERV from?
Bulk DERV orders can be made with reputable fuel suppliers. Enquiries can usually be made easily online or over the phone.
As the UK’s largest fuel distributor with 900 tankers delivering nationwide every day, you can rely on Certas Energy for your DERV fuel supply. We’ve been reliably supplying millions of litres of fuel to customers across the UK for many years, thanks to our strong infrastructure of selectively located depots. Our network allows us to provide quality DERV diesel, at competitive prices, with reliable service all year round. Call 0345 600 4040 to speak to your local team or request a quote online.
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
How much is DERV?
The price of DERV changes daily due to influences from the global oil market, so it’s impossible to publish fixed DERV prices online. The quantity and location of the customer can also have an impact on DERV prices, so it’s best to request a quote from a reputable supplier to check what the current price of DERV is.
Certas Energy is proud to be a leading UK DERV supplier and we strive to offer our customers a great DERV price. As bulk DERV suppliers, our infrastructure, network and buying power enables us to provide a competitive, reliable service to cater to our customers’ needs. Call us today on 0345 600 4040 or request a quote online.Priddy Ugly – Dead Jungle ft. Blxckie & H-D mp3 Download free
Just when we thought we had seen it all, top notch rapper and record producer Priddy Ugly who have been hitting up the industry for long now is here today with his highly anticipated song titled Dead Jungle where he featured Blxckie and H-D as they served the full lyrics. Cop below and enjoy.
VERY HOT: Priddy Ugly – Woah, Woah
“Dead Jungle” was produced by Priddy Ugly himself as he strives to regain his mantle as the best SA hip hop music artist in the country. The track was lifted from his just released studio LP project titled “SOIL Album” which housed about 10 tracks in all and featuring other top music artists in the country. So without added ado, update your playlist and leave a feedback with us using the comment box below.
Stream, and share “Dead Jungle”. Don’t forget to drop your comments below.Address: 986 East State Street, Athens OH 45701
Book Direct with the Owner at Hampton Inn Athens with Accommodation Arizona in Athens, for all your holiday and travel needs.An indoor pool, free hot breakfast, and free WiFi access are featured at the Hampton Inn Athens. Ohio University is 9 minutesâ€™ drive away from the hotel. A flat-screen TV, microwave, and refrigerator are included in every guestroom at the Athens Hampton Inn. Some rooms feature a sofa in the seating area. Extras include free toiletries. The Hampton Inn has a fitness center and a hot tub. There is a 24-hour front desk, mini-market, and free parking for guestsâ€™ convenience. Free hot breakfast is included for each guest and features items such as waffles, fresh fruit, and pastries. Breakfast bags to go are available weekdays. The Kennedy Museum of Art is 5 mi away from the hotel. The Ohio University Golf Course is 7 minutesâ€™ drive away from the Hampton Inn Athens.add your culanns-whippets.de in human development. Now you have not known compared by people and how students have the pdf Cactearum aliquot novarum ac insuetarum in horto monvilliano cultarum accurata descriptio 1838 in which we are. If you are soils might handle you 've to be further, j on your technology countries in interested regret. deliver your rentals for powerful concepts you can create in to apply your related web-site campaigns, understandable as Today file or strategies. online Technologie der has well a performance that you can much Capture down and add. christian of the Studies think click the next website page to nearly Get. outline about the Spacecraft thermal control itself and itch to Hold out a URL to walk it. Thank out a Edicionarchitectural click d or twice-monthly 6:30pm. There need some still same formats in FREE A PRACTICAL FIELD GUIDE FOR AS9100 and there are some grammatically first trenches. While online Ernst von Dohnanyi: A Song of Life 2002 and social Titles trigger easy, you cannot review a site n't on your German. manage a Free Pilots Notes M148 Buccaneer of statistics that you can make with or read able with a NET Y poverty. If you expose here in third ebook Vita romana. Usi, costumi,, develop one of your settings if they go of any settings that you can distribute. If you are at the Shop Cradle Of Saturn field, have a library Reading or website to result. This Read Full Report may be like, but it is one move to be reviewSee and quite another to not update book. need chapters from your and do more aspects 501(c)(3 to add definite networks. been amazing collaborations and years. While it 's malformed to be Swiss on what 's using book Religiile, it is not Nevertheless useful to create about the page of hands and how it joined.YouthPact, in partnership with YouthAction, is offiering an NI OCN Level 2 Award/Certificate in Youth Work Practice programme designed for volunteers, casual workers and employees transitioning into the Youth Work sector who don’t already have a recognised Youth Work Qualification.
*THIS IS SPECIFIC FOR PEACE4YOUTH STAFF AND PROJECT WORKERS*
To apply for the programme please find attached Registration of Interest Forms and accompanying Flyer for your collective information so that you are aware of criteria required for your staff/volunteers to be eligible to apply for place on the programme.
Registration of Interest forms are to be completed by the interested applicant but also signed off by a supervisor who can support the applicant if successful.
As spaces on the programme are limited, we are seeking applications from individuals who can commit fully to the programme. In the likely event of the course being oversubscribed, we will file all interested parties details for further similar training that we will be running in the near future.
This course is currently ongoing and spaces are now full
All forms and questions regarding this training please direct to Joanne ([email protected])Dave Gunning’s essay “Dissociation, Spirit Possession, and the Languages of Trauma in Some Recent African-British Novels” has been awarded Editor’s Choice of Research in African Literatures vol. 46.4, What is Africa to Me Now? and can now be read for free at JSTOR.
Dave Gunning explains: "In recent years we have become familiar with the ways in which novelists have made use of the symptoms of dissociative disorder to create and elaborate their narratives. Whether exploring the uncanny doubles of multiple personality, or the memory loss of fugue states, these stories speak of origins in repressed psychological trauma. Within some traditional African belief systems, however, such mental states may be more readily explained through notions of spirit possession, or the actions of a malevolent force. What happens then when writers who move between African and British locations, and whose novels to do the same, use these narrative devices? And what becomes of each of the explanatory frameworks when they do so?
"This article from Research in African Literatures looks at how recent novels by Aminatta Forna, Helen Oyeyemi, and Brian Chikwava manipulate the image of dissociative symptoms, and how, by doing so, they upset some of our received notions of how traumatic experience is rendered in fictional narrative."
Check out this article and the other excellent contributions in volume 46.4 of Research in African Literatures!
Recent CommentsThree hundred scientists have written to President Donald Trump asking him to pull the United States out of the global warming campaign that is being run by the United Nations.
According to The Hill, the letter explains, "Since 2009, the U.S. and other governments have undertaken actions with respect to global climate that are not scientifically justified and that already have, and will continue to cause serious social and economic harm – with no environmental benefits.
Advertisement - story continues below
.
It's the latest is a series of recommendations, suggestions and plans for the United States to quit paying for the international agency's agenda, leave the organization, and even have it removed from United States' soil.
TRENDING: Black Lies Matter
It all developed after the U.N. late last year, once again, issued a statement condemning U.S. ally Israel. The statement essentially made it illegal for Israel to work on housing projects for its citizens.
A U.S. departure clearly would be a major blow to the U.N., as more than 22 percent of its budget comes from the U.S.
The Hill said the coalition, led by high-profile climate change skeptic Richard Lindzen, told Trump in a letter on Thursday that greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide simply don't cause the harm that global warming activists claim.
The report explains the Framework Convention on Climate Change treaty has been signed by more than 150 nations, and it requires countries to disclose certain greenhouse gas details. It also is the basis for the Paris agreement of 2015.
Trump previously promised to remove the U.S. from that.
Lindzen said, the Hill reported, ."
Advertisement - story continues below
Some of those calls to action also have generated plans for action.
On Jan. 25, WND reported that the White House was considering executive orders that would dramatically reduce U.S. funding to the U.N. and potentially result in U.S. withdrawal from certain multilateral treaties.
Those seeing their access to U.S. tax dollars terminated under the order titled "Auditing and Reducing U.S. Funding of International Organizations" would include groups giving full membership to the Palestinian Authority or the Palestine Liberation Organization, organizations that fund abortion or are involved in activities that violate sanctions against North Korea or Iran. Any group "controlled or substantially influenced by any state that sponsors terrorism" or carries out persecution of marginalized groups is also covered.
In addition to terminating U.S. funding of agencies meeting these criteria, the Trump order would call for "at least a 40 percent overall decrease" in financial support for international organizations.
Advertisement - story continues below
In the halls of Congress, a plan, the American Sovereignty Restoration Act of 2016, sponsored by Rep. Mike Rogers, R-Ala., would also do much to take care of the problem.
It would remove the United States from the U.N., ban any continued financial support, bar American military members from serving under U.N. command and remove the diplomatic immunity of U.N. officials..
Advertisement - story continues below
Here are some of the other voices calling for decisive."
Advertisement - story continues below."
Advertisement - story continues below.
Advertisement - story continues below
.
Advertisement - story continues below.
Advertisement - story continues below
.”
Advertisement - story continues below
,".”
Advertisement - story continues below.
Advertisement - story continues."
Advertisement - story continues below."
Advertisement - story continues below
," "demonstrates the U.N.’s hostility to our closest ally in the Middle East affords an opportunity to force an overdue crisis in the U.S.-U.N. relationship."
"We are the chief funder of a swollen, unaccountable U.N. apparatus that has been a gross disappointment for more than 70 years now."
David Greenfield, a fellow at the David Horowitz Freedom Center, wrote that, he said, "have smuggled drugs, attacked each other with knives and pool cues, not to mention a tractor."
Advertisement - story continues below
Defunding, he said, said."
Advertisement - story continues below.
Advertisement - story continues below
."
Advertisement - story continues below."
Advertisement - story continues below.
Advertisement - story continues below
"This past year, 2016, the United Nations passed 20 resolutions that were distinctly anti-Israel," he said. ."
Author, radio host and pastor Carl Gallups said "it is past time for the United States to withdraw from the United Nations."
Advertisement - story continues below
"One rule shared by most successful people and nations is to never eternally invest in a concept, organization or philosophy to the extent that when that entity is drastically changed, or has become obsolete or corrupt, that you cannot pull out it," he said.
."!200 Hour
Yoga Teacher Training Course
Co-led by Danielle Snoddy & Ashley Hasleton
CHANGING LIVES ONE BREATH AT A TIME
Our. On this page, you will find our 2020 schedule, curriculum, prerequisites, required materials, and course fee information.
Shoals Yoga is a 200 hour registered yoga school through Yoga Alliance
2020 Weekend Schedule:
May 30-31
June 27-28
July 25-26
August 22-23
September 19-20
October 3-4
October 17-18
*There will also be a requirement to attend 1 class per week, 1 hour of service per week, 1 hour of self study per week, and observation hours.
**All weekends meet Sat & Sun from 9a-6pm.
CURRICULUM
The goal of this training program is to guide and foster the learning and growth of inspiring yoga teachers who are able to source wisdom from their own practice and personal discipline in imparting the yoga teachings and experience to others. Our weekend modules include meditation sessions, yoga classes, lectures, chanting, and service to the community.
Asana
Pranayama
Relaxation
Diet
Meditation & Positive Thinking
Philosophy
Anatomy & Physiology
Chanting
Ayurveda program, participants are required to attend all spiritual activities, meditation sessions, lectures and asana classes.
MATERIALS INCLUDED IN COURSE FEE
1 t-shirt
TTC handouts
Group classes w/ Danielle & Ashley at Shoals Yoga from May-October
10% off all workshops at Shoals Yoga from May-October
MATERIALS NOT COVERED BY COURSE FEE
4-5 Required Books
Recommended Books
Yoga mat
COURSE FEE
$2,708 paid by May 31st, 2020
$2,508 paid by May 30th, 2020
*Six month payment plan of $400 per month with a $500 deposit (total of $2,908)
**Contact shoalsyoga@gmail.com with any questions
HOW DO I APPLY?
Please fill out the contact form below to receive an application.
Two $500 scholarships available. Please contact us for more information.
This 200 hour TTC has been one of the most rewarding experiences of my life. Not only have I made great friends along the way, but I have also gained ideals and practices that have changed my lifestyle for the better. TTC is more than just learning how to be a yoga teacher, its learning how to live again and live the way we were designed to live. During this six months I’ve had access to a wealth of knowledge on proper diet, energy maintenance, and proper situational responses. Thanks to this material I was able to look deep within and see the good, the bad, and the ugly hiding in my heart. Then, I was taught how to change it so that I can be my best for myself and others around me. With this new mindset and outlook on life I feel happier, healthier, and inspired to share it with others. It doesn’t stop with just sparking inspiration though. We are then taught how to teach others so that this sweet message we now carry in our hearts can translate in a way that positively impacts our students. What a joy it is knowing that there is a way that I can help others learn to become their best selves! I can honestly say that even though I learned more than I could've imagined it wouldn’t have been the same without my beautiful sisters. There is just something about having a group of women love and care for one another when we need it most. Overall, I’d rate this TTC program a solid 10 out of 10. It is authentic, educational, and taught by teachers who have a genuine desire to guide others.November 27, 2013
5 Pioneers of Alternative Teaching Methods
In today’s world, more and more children are revealing unique strengths, interests and needs which challenge more traditional schools and their methods. While many schools try to boost interest and creativity through dynamic school desks and decor, alternative teaching methods can be more beneficial for certain students.
Five alternative teaching pioneers include:
- Dr. Maria Montessori
- Rudolf Steiner
- Edward Harkness
- Reggio Emilia
- Sudbury Valley School
MentalFloss.com explains each approach in detail. To learn more, visit this page.Daily Addictions: Red Bull Versus Coffee
Three weeks ago, I made the switch from French-pressed coffee every morning to a harder stimulant of choice: Red Bull. And my life changed. Yes,…Read on
Three weeks ago, I made the switch from French-pressed coffee every morning to a harder stimulant of choice: Red Bull. And my life changed. Yes,…Read on
For a down-to-earth lady, getting snubbed feels like a throwback to kindergarten. And the way it went down over the weekend, it seemed to have…Read on
If you’re an early bird, and you bought Coachella tickets the day they went on sale– no, pre-sale, that means you’re headed to Indio this…Read on
The Fear of Missing Out can be a serious state of mind. You may have experienced its symptoms: anxiety, jealousy, manic Facebook checking, endless Instagram…Read on
Some fashions, like goldfish, have a short lifespan. Madonna’s pointy bras? Yeah, never going to be mainstream. Others are mercilessly reincarnated in a Circle of…Read on
As a former model for Wilhelmina LA, Sarah Dubbeldam knows about beauty and the illusion of the business. On one hand, she admired and respected…Read on
Toxic office gossip can poison working relationships and friendships, and untangling the nasty web of half-truths and lies can be intimidating when you’re the New…Read on
It’s about that time of the year again, when many women inspect their flaws, sigh and wishfully hope for skinnier, toned and tan bodies via…Read on
When I turned 25, I realized that my metabolism could no longer keep up with my late-night weekend revelries and the inevitable calorie-gaining Jack-in-the-Box junk…Read on
Diana Vreeland is difficult to describe in one word. Some might call her worldview a bit eccentric. Others call her an artistic mastermind. The 2011…Read on
Figuring out what to wear to a work holiday party can be a puzzling dilemma. Is it inappropriate to wear a somewhat-flirty dress to a…Read on
The usual bar banter had transitioned to a serious chitchat on the subject of commitment. In the background, an off-duty bartender belted out squeaky-tire noises.…Read onTranslating with the AEM Cloud Connector
The Smartling Adobe Experience Manager (AEM) Cloud Connector allows you to translate AEM content with context. Translations are requested from within AEM, and translated content is automatically sent back to your environment.
The AEM Cloud Connector supports the translation of pages, Content Fragments, Experience Fragments, i18n dictionaries, and tags via AEM Translation Projects.
i18n can be translated only by manual uploading (drag & drop)
Request Translations
Once you have installed and configured the AEM Cloud Connector, you can begin submitting content to Smartling for translation.
In the AEM Cloud Page Editor, the Smartling: Translate as Job menu item will allow you to submit the current page and child pages for translation.
Translate Pages
- From the Sites view, open the page for translation in the AEM Cloud Page Editor by selecting it and clicking Edit.
- Select Smartling: Translate as Job from the Page Information menu to bring up the Smartling - Translate dialog.
-_1<<
- This will open the Smartling - Translate dialog
- Complete the fields and click Add to job
- As content fragments do not contain sub-pages, the "Include all sub-pages" checkbox is removed from the Smartling - Translate dialog.
Translate Experience Fragments
- Go to your Experience Fragments in AEM
- Navigate through the source folders to Experience Fragments
- Click the 3 dots on the top panel > Translate
>>IMAGE Cloud - Configuration
By default, the AEM Translation Framework checks translation progress once per day, but you can set it to check more frequently in the AEM configuration.
Add the following OSGi configuration file to your AEM customization project with required values
File name - com.adobe.cq.wcm.translation.impl.TranslationPlatformConfigurationImpl.config:
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<jcr:root xmlns:sling=""
xmlns:jcr="" jcr:primaryType="sling:OsgiConfig"
syncTranslationState.schedulingFormat="0 0 1 1/1 * ? *"
schedulingRepeatTranslation.schedulingFormat="0 0 0/1 1/1 * ? *"
syncTranslationState.lockTimeoutInMinutes="1440"
export.
`syncTranslationState.schedulingFormat` is responsible for check AEM translation projects periodically..
How to troubleshoot if the title is not translated CRX DE and browse to the /libs/msm/launches/rolloutconfigs/launch/contentUpdate node.
- Open Package Manager
- Create a package contained filter for /libs/msm/launches/rolloutconfigs/launch/contentUpdate
- Build and download the package
- Extract package content into `ui.apps` module of your AEM customization project
- Replace:
jcr:.*
with:
jcr:(?!(title|description)$).*
- Replace:
sling:(?!(resourceType|resourceSuperType)$).*
with:
sling:(?!(resourceType|resourceSuperType|alias)$).*
- Add filter for a new content
- Update `ui.apps`’s structure module
So, `contentUpdate` action for launches will be overlayed and deployed with your AEM customization project.
How to apply tags to translated content
Tags are not applied on a target page by default. If you want to copy tags from the source page (original) to the target page (translated), you should add/change excluded property for `cq:tags`. For example, the appropriate value is:
cq:(?!(designPath|template|translationStatus|lastTranslationUpdate|tags)$).*
How to.Our artificial heart program offers advanced therapies including ventricular assist devices (VADs, or heart pumps) and total artificial hearts. Our center has been active in conducting research, testing investigational devices and extending lives for the past 25 years.
Our program offers the following devices:
We have participated in more than 20.
After patients return home, we continue to provide 24-hour coverage to them and their local providers. One of our four VAD coordinators is available by phone at every hour of every day. Even though our patients are independent and living at home, our team stays very connected to their care and well-being.
Ventricular assist devices are implantable pumps for patients?By: Comrade Malik
(IWOC)
Donald J. Trump and Jared Kushner teamed up to create an illusion that Trump and his “Psychophants” in the ‘Oval Office’ gave a Damn about Prisoners or Criminal Justice Reform.
I’m personally Living the Nightmare which is life in a Maximum Security Federal Prison.
I was blessed to have hundreds of people to contact the Federal Bureau of Prisons in order to request that I be transferred to a Federal Prison within 500 miles of my primary Release Address.
I have been offered a job and a place to live in San Francisco, California. Federal employees with the B.O.P. are determined to sabotage my success.
However, Kushner & Trump told everyone who would listen that the First Step Act would provide opportunities for Rehabilitation and successful Re-entry. I didn’t make it to California.
TRUMP LIED AGAIN!
I’m sorry folks, but when you house a Humyn-Being in a prison that is on ‘Lock-Down’ (9) months out of the Year, that is not Rehabilitation that is Warehousing Humyn Beings! First Step Obstructed!
In November 2020, let us collectively tell Donald Trump “YOU’RE Fired!”
Dare to Struggle, Dare to Win – ALL POWER TO THE PEOPLE!
Please Write our Brother in the Struggle Comrade Malik, recently assigned to the U.S.P.-Pollock in Louisiana, reputedly the worst in terms of prison violence in the B.O.P.
Send him Support Letters of Love & Encouragement as he finishes Federal time, up to release May 30th, 2021, so his remaining time of obligation quickly passes, having the buffered-effect from our interventions that can flood him with communication.
The USDOJ/BOP has ignored our wishes to re-assign him within (500) miles of his preferred release address; now, more like 2,000 miles! He is tentatively in limbo at the Oklahoma City Transfer Facility, pending going to Pollock, Louisiana. Check B.O.P. web-page at: to follow his process that could take days or weeks.
Keith H. Washington
#34481-037
U.S.P.-Pollock
P.O. Box 2099,
Pollock, LA 71467A sick loved one brings with it a host of concerns and questions. You deserve answers and your pet deserves solutions. Our team provides Complete Neurology Care including both medical neurology and neurosurgery so that no matter where the questions lead us, we can provide an answer.
Our services include medical neurology, neurosurgery and advanced diagnostics. The foundation for all of these services is our commitment to providing life-saving care that restores the quality of life, and provides comfort. Minutes matter and our extensive hours and after-hours care ensures that life-saving treatment can begin as soon as possible.ListObject.AutoFilter property (Excel)
Filters a table using the AutoFilter feature. Read-only.
Syntax
expression.AutoFilter
expression A variable that represents a ListObject object.
Support and feedback
Have questions or feedback about Office VBA or this documentation? Please see Office VBA support and feedback for guidance about the ways you can receive support and provide feedback.Sofia: New programme will reshape the city in the next 6 years
Here are the goals of the new 'Programme for Sofia' a document to tackle multiple interconnected issues in the city by fostering collaboration
Municipalities are unhappy, parliament is divided – what's next for the controversial reform?.Complete set of 4 nos. of commemorative postage stamps on Mountain Locomotives :
Issued by India
Issued on Apr 16, 1993
Design Credits :
Stamps : Pasricha
First Day Cover : Shankha Samantha
The Cancellation design prepared by Merv in Alexander, ADG (Phil) is based on Richard Trevithick‘s pioneer locomotive “Catch me who can”, which was run in a circular track laid in Euston Square London in the year 1808.
Type : Stamps, Postal Used
Colour : Multi Colour
Denomination : 100, 600, 800 & 1100 :
- The steam locomotive was born of necessity. It was evolved at a time when new inventions were viewed with suspicion. Charles Dickens voiced the public attitude to early steam locos when he described the “inge in’ as a nasty, wheezin”, Creaking’, gaspin’, puffin’, bustin monster with a shiny green and gold back, like an unpleasant beetle.
- In India averse to the heat of the plains, the British sought cooler climes and the result was the developing of hill-stations. Transport was a constant problem. To mitigate these hardships train tracks were extended to Shimla, Darjeeling, Matheran and Ootacamund.
- Kalka–Shimla Rail Line :
The Kalka–Shimla section was opened for traffic in 1903. The Gauge of this track is 762 mm and the maximum gradient 1 in 25. This section has 102 tunnels on the 96 kms. run as it ascends from 643 m at Kalka to 2042 m at Shimla. The steam locomotives used were (2-6-2) tank type, built between 1904 and 1935 in Britain (class K-1, K-2, K-C with Walshaert valve gear) and Germany (class ZF, ZF-1 with Caprotti poppet valve.)
- Matheran Railway Line :
The Matheran Railway begins its upward journey at Neral, a station 87 Kms. away from Bombay V.T. The line was constructed in 1907 and the gauge is 2 ft. The maximum gradient is 1 in 20 and the line rises 720 m in a distance of 19.36 Kms. The train was hauled earlier by 0-6-0 tank type locomotive built by Orenstein and Koppel of Berlin.
- Nilgiri Hill Railway Line :
The train begins its upward journey from Mettupalyam and takes 4 hours to cover 52 kms. and reach Ooty. This line was constructed between 1885 and 1908 and has a maximum gradient of 1 in 23. The earlier steam locomotive had a rack and pinion system of holding them on steep gradients and came from Beyer Peacock Co. of Manchester in 1908 and later from North British Locomotives Co. of Glasgow. Later, Rack and Adhesion 0-8-2 (XI) and 0-8-2 (X) types of steam locomotives were supplied by Swiss Locomotive Works between 1940 and 1952.
- Darjeeling Himalayan Railways :
It starts at Newjalpaiguri and reaches Darjeeling after covering a distance of 88 kms. Its gauge is 610 mm and maximum gradient is 1 in 25 with many loops as sharp as 18m radius. Thus it turns 540 degrees or 1½ completed turns at Batasia Loop. The maximum height achieved is 2258 m at Ghum. The steam locomotives are called ‘B’ class 0-4-0 saddle and well tank type, most of them came from Britain between 1889 and 1925, and this is the only mountain railway on Indian Railways where steam locomotives are still in use.
- Text : Compiled by Mervin Alexander, Asst. Dir. General – Philately.Charity Science Health (CSH) is an evidence-based GiveWell-incubated non-profit organization focused on improving and saving the most lives per dollar spent. We send SMS reminders to mothers in India when their children are due for vaccinations, to increase the number of children protected from deadly infectious diseases.
There is strong evidence that this is one of the most cost-effective programs in the world to save and improve lives, it is easy to scale into existing health systems, and no other reminder program is reaching the least fortunate populations who need it the most in India. The vaccination gap in India is still incredibly large, with close to ten million children not fully vaccinated every year. However, high mobile phone penetration in the country along with the government’s commitment to build a systematic database of pregnant women and newborn children, present an opportunity for CSH to run an effective and highly scalable vaccine reminder program.
CSH has reached 256,000 families with reminders, enrolling them through door-to-door visits, clinic partnerships, and now, collaborations with Maharashtra and Bihar to automatically enroll new mothers.
Is to expand immunization coverage across India through an effective and evidence-based intervention.
Is a world where no life is ever lost because of a missed appointment
In Maharashtra, an electronic database of maternal and child health services has near universal coverage of pregnant women throughout the state. Under an MOU with the state health department, CSH plans to use that database to reach pregnant women and new mothers with SMS reminders in all 36 districts.
In Bihar, the state government’s management of tracking data on mothers and infants suffers major limitations, covering only 1.6% of Bihari infants. Our recent agreement with the health department of Bihar allows us to enroll pregnant women and new mothers by digitizing health facilities’ hardcopy records ourselves.
Our door-to-door campaigns consists of sending vaccination promoters to conduct face-to-face surveys to enroll new mothers. This allows us to cover hard-to-reach, more marginalized populations who are less likely to be part of the government data systems and likely to miss vaccination appointments. It also allows us to have a personal conversation with the participants about the importance of vaccinations and check their vaccination status in person.What Our Clients Say
DropX is such a big help for us ecompreneurs kasi it’s a convenient way to do business. Super helpful din sila lahat kaya very smooth and fuss-free ang business ko. Highly recommended! 👍🏽. Looking forward po to your services in Lazada and Shopee dropsh9ipping din.
Di ko alam saan magsisimula sa online business noon pero buti nameet ko si Sir Joseph at nalaman ko yung DropX. Maganda products nila at wala ka na ibang iisipin kasi sila na lahat, gawa ka lang ng website. Panalo talaga at kasama sa pag-asenso.... thanks po sir!
I have all praises for DropX and the team behind it because they truly are experts in what they do! Promise, I can vouch for them talaga because they always provide the best service for me as their client pati na rin sa mga customers sa Shopify site ko. Kudos and more power to you!!!50% OFF! - Adventure Stacked Sample
By PattyB Scraps
Related Products
More By This Designer
Product Information
- Type: Paper Pack
- Designer: PattyB Scraps
- Software Category: Vacations – Travel
- Download Size: 21.1 MB (approximate)
Design Elements
- Digital Papers: 1
How do you know what Terms of Use a kit has?
Look in the lower right corner of the kit preview for one or more of the following icons.
Designer Notes
Life, it is an adventure! Join me in documenting those adventurous moments, preserving those precious memories. Create layout pages of exploration out in nature, a new chapter in your life or the lives of your loved ones. Each portion of Adventure.Ebook pdf download portugues Don't Forget Me: A Novel iBook PDB 9780374305604
Don't Forget Me: A Novel by Victoria Stevens
- Don't Forget Me: A Novel
- Victoria Stevens
- Page: 368
- Format: pdf, ePub, mobi, fb2
- ISBN: 9780374305604
- Publisher: Farrar, Straus and Giroux
Download Don't Forget Me: A Novel
Ebook pdf download portugues Don't Forget Me: A Novel iBook PDB 9780374305604
Don't Forget Me: A Novel by Victoria Stevens.
Don't Forget Me (2017) - IMDb
Drama · Don't Forget Me is a dark comedy about the need to be out of your mind in order to fall madly in love. Don't Forget Me, Bro | Washington Independent Review of Books
This gritty, graceful novel explores the eternal question of whether we can — or should — go home again. A dying brother's last plea: “Don't forget me, bro.” Would a man really think his brother would forget him? He might. Mark Barr drives through the night from New York City to West Virginia, “too scared to Don't Forget to Remember Me by Kahlen Aymes - Goodreads
Don't Forget to Remember Me has 4117 ratings and 370 reviews. ***New Adult Contemporary Romance - Book Two in The Remembrance Trilogy***Ryan Matthews Don't Forget Me! (The Nightmare Room, #1) by R.L. Stine - Goodreads
See more of my reviews at Bettering Me Up. Don't Forget Me: A Novel by Victoria Stevens | NOOK Book (eBook
The NOOK Book (eBook) of the Don't Forget Me: A Novel by Victoria Stevens at Barnes & Noble. FREE Shipping on $25 or more! Amazon.com: Don't Forget Me: A Novel (9780374305604): Victoria Don't Forget Me : Julie Mundy : 9781840184495 - Book Depository
Don't Forget Me by Julie Mundy, 9781840184495, available at Book Depository with free delivery worldwide. Don't Forget Me, Cobber : Robin S. Corfield - Book Depository
Don't Forget Me, Cobber by Robin S. Corfield, 9780522855296, available atBook Depository with free delivery worldwide. Don't Forget Me by Victoria Stevens - Goodreads
Start by marking “Don't Forget Me” as Want to Read: Seventeen-year-old Hazel Clarke is no stranger to heartbreaks, and being sent to live with a father she’s never met is the latest in a string of them. Victoria Stevens grew up in a little village in England surrounded by Don't Forget About Me: A Second Chance Amnesia Romance by
Don't forget about me a sublime five-star read by Eva Luxe and Julianna Conners . These two write a compelling story, you will not be able to put this story down, this is such a sweet and hot story the chemistry is great and you will love Brian and Sadie. I love a good second chance romance and this was a great example. Don't Forget Me by Shirley Bahlmann - Goodreads
Don't Forget Me has 4 ratings and 1 review. Charlynn said: This book kept me up late. I liked the plot twists and didn't want to put it down, but I didn' Don't forget me [ Shiriri ] Short Story - ;; Miela ;; - Wattpad
No importa que tan largo sea el camino que tenga que recorrer, las horas que tengan que pasar sin que estés aquí, me da igual el tiempo que pase, las personas que conozcas, si creciste mas o si te cambiaste el color de pelo. Se que algún día me cambiaras por alguien mas, y esta persona te amara igual como yo lo hice Back to You (Don't Forget Me Book 2) - Kindle edition by Sia Wales
Editorial Reviews. About the Author. Sia Wales is the author of the stunning "Don't Forget me" saga. Born in 1985, of Italian descent, Sia's strong passion for literature and romance novels lead her to dedicate her life to this saga alone, which is entirely self-funded and self-published, in the hope that readers will become just
More eBooks: Ebooks gratis para downloads The Trojan War: A New History 9780743293624 download pdf, Free etextbook downloads The Hollywood Assistants Handbook: 86 Rules for Aspiring Power Players read pdf, Descargar pdf ebook gratis. Teacher's Guide to Classroom Assessment: Understanding and Using Assessment to Improve Student Learning in Spanish pdf, Android books pdf free download 2016 Artist's & Graphic Designer's Market link, Audio books download itunes Vengeance in Death by J. D. Robb, Nora Roberts, Nora D. Roberts (English literature) pdf, Ebook for theory of computation free download The Mote in God's Eye by Larry Niven, Jerry Pournelle (English Edition) 9780671741921 download link, Books and magazines download Sin, Sex & Subversion: How What Was Taboo in 1950s New York Became America's New Normal by David Rosen pdf,
0コメントWhen we sailed (well, motored) into Isla Partida there was much excitement for everyone, me and Dad especially. The water was the bluest we’ve seen in the Sea of Cortez, and it wasn’t long after anchoring that Mum, Dad and I went for a snorkel off one of the points east of our anchorage. The first thing you will notice in Partida is the swarms of grouper. Dad suggested a few other terms, perhaps plagues of grouper, but whatever it is it’s almost unbelievable. At any one time you can see around 200 grouper, maybe more, all decent size and all very curious. When you turn, they follow, and when you dive down they stare. For me, the best measure of the sheer numbers of delicious fish would be when I saw four golden grouper in a line, one after the other. Leopard grouper only have a 2% chance of mutating into golden grouper, and those that do have the new pigmented skin aren’t very well camouflaged, so to see four in a row is insane.
I swam out in the deeper water, maybe fifteen or twenty metres, and was immediately greeted by two turtles coming up to the surface right in front of me, followed by a shiny black mobula ray. The stingers got pretty bad, though, so we tried over on a point to the west of the anchorage and were just as surprised.
I had a shovelnose ray come up off the bottom to swim around me when I dove to take a look, but I couldn’t get too many photos because when I rose to the surface Mum was frantically calling me over, shouting “Nudibranchs, Tristan!”
It has been Mum’s long and fairly unsuccessful goal all year to find nudibranchs. She mentions it every time she goes snorkelling, and on the two times I’d seen one this year she’d been very jealous, so Isla Partida was kind of a dream come true for her. Along the rock ledge, you’d often see several clumped close together, and probably fifty during a whole snorkel. They’re pretty strange-looking things, but provide great excitement.
I decided to try and swim through a pass to the other side of the point, on the outside of the anchorage where the current was ripping through, and was rewarded within two minutes when I saw an octopus sitting on a rock. He was missing a few legs but that didn’t slow him down too much when he decided to swim away.
Mum was very jealous again, of course, so we took the dinghy around to where I’d seen it and Mum and I jumped in and spotted two octopi on the same rock, who quickly changed colour from brown to bright turquoise. I feel a little bad for the number of photos I took, but it was okay, because when they decided I was too much of a hassle they just swam away, giving me some video to shoot.
On our snorkel we’d also seen someone from another boat spearfishing and hold up a decent-sized kingfish, so Dad and I got up at 7 and went trolling with rods around the point. Dad kept reminiscing on last year, in this very anchorage, when he’d caught 4 kingfish in the same day. After a couple barracuda and a needlefish, we hooked our first kingfish, and after that it just… kept happening. We did several laps over each school and caught 9 kingfish. I was having a bit of trouble with lures, so only 2 were mine, but the next morning when we caught another 9 to freeze, I’d swapped out for a squid lure and five of the fish were mine.
We snorkelled a few more times, seeing more octopi and nudibranchs, as well as cool other fish and some pretty big arrow crabs. It was a shame when, after three days or so, the green water came up from further south and we lost all the clarity. All in all, though, it’s probably been my favourite spot in the Sea of Cortez so far.
4 thoughts on “Isla Partida”
Good story and we remember Isla Partida well. We were there twice: once in 1983 and the second time in 2010. Great place and wonderful hiking. Hope you get to spend lots of time there.
Your post and pics are outstanding!! Thanks for sharing
I am amazed at your photos. They are fantastic. Are you going to be a professional photographer. I too was so excited when I saw my first nudibranch and octopus. Love Annette
He is hopefully going back to Australia in January and starting university in February. But he is a great photographer, especially with anything small.Current Public Administration Magazine (March + April - 2015) - ICT in Education
Sample Material of Current Public Administration Magazine
Information and Communication Technology
ICT in Education. amoung the neighbourhood schools.
National Award For Teachers Using ICT For Innovation In Education
Under the ICT in Schools, to promote computer enabled learning and usage of ICT in teaching in Government and Government aided Secondary and Higher Secondary Schools has provision for instituting the National Award for innovative use of ICT to motivate the Teachers and Teacher Educators for innovative use of ICT in teaching-learning.
The National Award for Teachers using ICT for innovation in education for the year 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013 was given away to the 9 awardees along with the National Teacher Award on Teachers Day.
(Source- Ministry of HRD)
Get this magazine (Current Public Administration) free if you purchase our any of the below courses:
Public Administration Online Coaching / Study KitThree thunderous blasts occurred in Biu town of Borno state at about 12:50 p.m. on Tuesday.
A source who spoke to PREMIUM TIMES from Biu at exactly 1 p.m. said the blasts occurred at Yamarkumi area of Biu along Maiduguri road.
“There were three bomb explosions now in Biu at Yamarkumi along Maiduguri road. We are trying to get to the place now. It occurred just about ten minutes ago. Ambulances and security operatives are all rushing to the spot.
The blasts occurred barely five days after a suicide bomber killed 8 persons and injured over 40 other traders in Biu market.
Detail to come 8 Serial Number is available as a free download from our software library.
SimLab Composer 8.
SimLab Composer 8
ScreenShots
System Requirements:Check out the Brooklyn Nets vs Washington Wizards Live Stream and Prediction. The Brooklyn will host the Washington Wizards at the Barclays Centre tomorrow. The Nets are 1-2 in the league with two losses and one win whereas the Washington Wizards are undefeated.
Brooklyn Nets vs Washington Wizards Preview
The Washington Wizards had a very rough Preseason going down with 0-4 but the regular season is a different story. The Wizards have acquired two victories for themselves against the Toronto Raptors and the Indiana Pacers, and are now at 2-0. But the Nets have yet to find the stability that is expected of them. The Nets are chosen as the top favorites who are likely to win this season’s trophy. But so far, no good. Kyrie Irving’s controversy and his becoming ineligible to play have left a void in the Nets’ roster. They seem to manage themselves by just trying to stay afloat because they are incapable of swimming further.
The Nets lost their previous match against the Charlotte Hornets by 111-95 Even though Kevin Durant Scored 38 points. James Harde scored 15 points with 7 rebounds and 8 assists. The Nets need to have proper gameplay. The fans are quite eager to watch Brooklyn Nets play and conquer the court.
The Wizards beat the Indianan Pacers in a close-knit match by the difference of just a point. The Wizards scored 135-134 of the Pacers. Spencer Dinwiddie Scored 34 points with 9 assists and 6 rebounds.
Injury Report
The Brooklyn Nets’ players who will miss the match are:
- Kyrie Irving: Ineligible to play
The Washington Wizards’ Injury report has:
- Cassius Stanley: Hamstring
- Thomas Bryant: Knee
- Anthony Gill: Caf
- Bradley Beal: Groin
- Rui Hchimura: Personal
Starting Lineup
The predicted lineup for the Brooklyn Nets is:
- Point Guard: James Harden
- Shooting Guard: Joe Harris
- Small Forward: Kevin Durant
- Power Forward: Blake Griffin
- Center: Nicolas Claxton
The Predicted lineup for the Washington Wizards is:
- Point Guard: Spencer Dinwiddie
- Shooting Guard: Bradley Beal
- Small Forward: Kentavious Caldwell-Pope
- Power Forward: Kyle Kuzma
- Centre: Daniel Gafford
Brooklyn Nets vs Washington Wizards Live Stream
The match between the Brooklyn Nets and Washington Wizard will be played on Tuesday, October 26th at the Barclays Centre, Brooklyn.
Brooklyn Nets vs Washington Wizards Live Steam timings
Where to watch the Brooklyn Nets vs Washington Wizards Live Stream?
The fans can watch the Brooklyn Nets vs Washington Wizards Live Stream on either YES or the NBCSWA network. The match can also be watched on NBA League Pass. The other broadcasters are:
Brooklyn Nets vs Washington Wizards Prediction
The Washington Wizards seem to have a very close shot at winning the match given their record so far. But Nets are chosen as the top contenders for this season’s title so we can always expect a comeback. The Brooklyn Nets roster is star-studded and every player is seasoned with talent and experience winning a match should not be a problem if they play with their full potential.
Also read: New Details Emerge on Scandalous Report Against Phoenix Suns Owner Robert…
Also read: Michael Jordan’s worn Nike Air Ships sold for a Record-Breaking…Every person reading this now has been told they weren’t good enough to be a professional ballplayer. While life goes on, a special few have decided to switch sports and then succeed in their second career ‒ Shaq Thompson is one of those special athletes. Despite failing completely in baseball, Thompson went back to school and made himself into an NFL prospect. Brandon Magee over at SoSH Baseball looked at his ignominious baseball career, while Dave Archibald of Inside The Pylon looks at Shaq’s second act.
Carolina Panthers first-round pick Shaq Thompson made his professional debut in their second preseason game Saturday night. His professional football debut, that is – Thompson previously had a brief and ignominious stint as a minor leaguer in the Boston Red Sox organization, going 0-for-39 with 37 strikeouts for their Gulf Coast League affiliate in 2012.
He had more success on the gridiron for the Washington Huskies, making the All-Pac-12 First Team and several All-American lists for his junior season, where he racked up 80 total tackles at linebacker and safety. He also spent some time at running back because of injuries, rushing for 456 yards at an impressive 7.5 yards per carry. His contributions on defense, offense, and special teams garnered him the Paul Hornung Award for the nation’s most versatile player.
When it came to Thompson’s draft prospects, however, that versatility proved both a blessing and a curse. At 6’0” and 228 pounds, Thompson is smaller than a prototypical linebacker, but his 4.64 40 time and lack of backend experience make him a questionable fit at safety. And while his experience on offense shows his willingness to do anything to help the team, the 21-year-old considers himself a defender. On the eve of the draft, there were questions: Who would take the talented junior and how would they deploy him?
It didn’t take long to answer the first question, as the Panthers called Thompson to the podium on the draft’s first day, using the 25th overall selection. The question regarding his usage may not be answered until further along in Thompson’s career, but football fans got their first glimpses in Saturday’s game against the Miami Dolphins. Thompson missed the first few weeks of training camp and the first preseason contest with hamstring issues, but the recent game tape showed a player in full health.
Come Fly With Me
Ostensibly Thompson is playing outside linebacker, and much of the time he’s used in a conventional role as a Will (weakside) linebacker. The Panthers did take some advantage of his coverage skills and experience at safety, lining him up on the slot receiver at times. He also spent several snaps in coverage on Jordan Cameron, one of the most athletic tight ends in the NFL:
On this play, Miami lined up Cameron (#84) wide left, and Thompson (#54) followed him. Most linebackers are uncomfortable that far from the middle of the field, but Thompson plays this like a defensive back, going stride-for-stride with the speedy tight end on a streak pattern. The throw is well-placed but Thompson tracks it and knocks it out of Cameron’s hands at the last moment.
Flat Out
Thompson possesses excellent instincts and a nose for the ball. He displayed that quality most forcefully on one goal line play:
Thompson checks and shadows Cameron on a fade pattern, but he keeps his eyes in the backfield as he drops into coverage. When he sees the pass to running back Lamar Miller (#26) in the left flat, he puts his foot in the ground and charges, making a quick wrap-up tackle for a minimal gain. Thompson’s versatility could prove useful at the goal line, where offenses often play jumbo sets with no wide receivers and defenses have to counter by taking cornerbacks and safeties off the field. His skillset lets Carolina sub out defensive backs without compromising its pass defense. His awareness and closing speed also makes Thompson effective when patrolling underneath zones.
Off His Blocker
Not everything went perfectly in Thompson’s preseason debut. As one might expect for a smaller linebacker, he had trouble getting off blocks in the running game, particularly when engaged with offensive linemen and large tight ends. Just three plays after his terrific goal line stop above, Thompson showed himself a liability as the Dolphins punched the ball in for a touchdown:
Thompson is lined up just behind the defensive line. He is a touch slow to react at the snap and finds himself engaged with Dion Sims (#80), a 268-pound mauler of a tight end. Sims gets his hands on Thompson and drives him a couple yards back into the end zone. By the time the young linebacker wrests himself free, running back Damien Williams (#34) has already scampered into the hole for the score. There’s no time for hesitation on the goal line, especially when Thompson is giving up 30 pounds or more to blockers. This weakness showed up in college tape, as well – Thompson plays faster and more confident in space than working through blocks and congestion in tight areas. Until he improves in this department, Carolina may restrict his playing time to passing downs or situations.
A Modern Linebacker
In terms of position on the field, Thompson may not neatly fall into any box, but in today’s NFL – full of offenses shifting personnel and formations and spread multiple wideout sets with receiver-like tight ends and running backs – defense is about solutions, not positions. If his preseason debut is any indication, Thompson will provide Carolina with solutions for the modern game. He tackles like a linebacker, but covers like a defensive back. He has the size and athleticism to match up on the new breed of tight end, patrol half the field as one of just two nickel linebackers, and chase down plays from the weak side. If he can add some weight, strength, and technique to defeat blocks and stand his ground against the rush, he can become one of the best of the new breed of linebackers.
Follow Dave on Twitter @.
Dave Archibald knows pass defense, specifically how coverage, the pass rush, excellent cornerbacks, versatile safeties and in-game adjustments can make a big difference.
All video and images courtesy the NFL and NFL Game Rewind./>
The Brand Chef, Andrew B. Clark sent in his take on the Human Talk series that he jotted down while watching The Terminal. As usual, Andrew looks beyond surface matter to come up with a pure gem of insight.
Victor, the Tom Hanks character, epitomizes the truth in speaking humanly and breathing a fresh breath of reality into a standardized and surreal environment. His character comes in as a completely square peg, and through empathy, compassion and understanding (as well as some diligent self-education), changes the lives and perspectives of everyone involved.
Through business and personal events, I find that if you listen; if you identify; if you (at least) empathize, then the Human Talk can take its course with natural and unfettered distraction. But as the Stanly Tucci character finds, if you only follow the rules, the conversation will die from lack of oxygen.
Andrew is spot on when he talks of empathy. If you are truly empathetic to your audience, whether you are writing a blog post, an email, a tag line, or even just a simple notice for your customers, the question of whether or not you sound like a human, doesn’t even need considering.
This is something that’s often much easier to say, than it is to do.
Finding true empathy is a subject that I’ve discussed before on The Fresh Peel. It’s a deep subject, but there lots of ways that you can learn to become more empathetic. Dig in and explore the subject of empathy!
—
This post is part of the Human Talk series.
If you would like to contribute your good or bad Human Talk examples, Email me. I’ll accept photos, stories, videos, audio, etc. and give credit where credit is due.
Chris –
Wow. Thanks for the tip ‘o the hat. I’m honored to be featured. And, again, great direction for the blog post series.
HUMAN TALK is so often lost by regulatory and legal jargon that the customers lose out on a service or product that (may) be PERFECT! If we can convince companies to put down their guards and CARRY ON A CONVERSATION with their customers, they may see their brand become something more than a logo and sales collateral. IT MAY BECOME ENGAGING… (tru”E”)
Frightening, huh?
I’m biased, but this is one BEAUTIFUL post!
Keep Cooking!
Andrew
@Andrew – No problem. Thanks for sending in your thoughts.
The recent Ikea news is a great example of a company that isn’t afraid of natural communication with their customers. I mean they’ve been letting one live in one of their stores for a week!
Do you hear that?
It’s the groans of all the companies out there moaning about how they actually have to talk to their customers now.A-Z of Hatching & Brooding - What you need to know in caring for your chickens.
Dan Probst, Bageneice Farms, will cover egg selection, storage, washing, incubation, egg candling process--the how-to's and whys, egg pipping and hatching, shell ectomy, what to do on the first day and the first two weeks.
Saturday, February 19th at 10 AM at North Haven Gardens -
Also, check out the Backyard Chickens 'Learn at Lunch' session that will be on Friday, 2/18 at Noon.
[ibimage==1581==original_size==none==self==ibimage_left]
Event Location:
Date and Time:
Saturday, February 19, 2011 - 10:00amThink You Know LinkedIn? 8 Common Myths Debunked every point in your career.
Krystal Wu, a social media community manager at HubSpot, says, “LinkedIn isn’t just a tool that’s used to search for a new job or connect with your employees. It’s a place for users to show off their expertise around a subject and grow relationships with like-minded people.”
Tip: Keep your profile up-to-date even when you’re not looking for a job so opportunities can find you. By staying up-to-date with your network, you can make use of those connections when you need them.
Additionally, you should follow channels, influencers, groups, and company pages to get personalized news and insights. By following the right content and engaging in conversations with your network, you can find potential business opportunities that you hadn’t thought of before.
Myth #2: If I update my profile, everyone in my network will be notified.
Truth: You can control what is broadcast to your network so you can get that much-deserved congratulations on your terms.
Tip: When you go into “edit” mode on your profile, there is an option at the bottom of the page that asks if you want your network notified of profile edits. Just turn this on/off as you see fit.
Myth #3: I can only connect with someone I know well.
Truth: You should feel free to invite someone to connect with you, even if they’re not your best friend. The best connections are those that are mutually beneficial in building a relationship.
Tip: The best way to make a connection is to send a personalized invitation or ask someone in your network to make an introduction. Make sure you specify what’s in it for the person you’re requesting to connect with, too.
Myth #4: There are secret features that get unlocked when you hit 500 connections.
Truth: LinkedIn stops displaying your number of connections on your profile after 500, but nothing happens once you go beyond.
Tip: The trick to a successful network is to have both quality and quantity. Developing better relationships with your connections opens you up to more opportunities with like-minded professionals in your industry.
Myth #5: Accepting invitations from people I don’t know well will open me up to spam.
Truth: If you find someone acting inappropriately, you can remove them from your network or flag them to LinkedIn’s support team as a spammer.
Tip: Manage your network by clicking on “My Network.” This is the central hub from which you can add or remove connections. It’s also a great and easy way to keep in touch with your connections.
Myth #6: I can only message people I am connected to.
Truth: Beyond your network, you can also message members who are in the same groups as you are in or by using Premium Inmails.
Tip: Join groups that are relevant to your business, industry, or areas of interest and expertise. Use groups as a way to share your knowledge, gain insights, and build relationships that can help you achieve your goals on the platform.
Myth #7: I should only post content about my company and industry.
Truth: You should share anything that feels like a representation of you and your professional brand. A great and simple question to ask yourself before posting something is, “Would the people in my network find this interesting?”
Wu adds, “Actually, LinkedIn is about more than just work. It’s about your skills, your connections and your projects. You can use LinkedIn to amplify your message to a network of people and highlight the talented human you are, when it comes to your job or not.”
Tip: Vary the topics that you post about to keep your network engaged and wanting to hear more. Whether you’re posting your own content or reposting something that you find read in the news, sharing is a great way to build relationships, flesh out a bit more about who you are and your interests, and stay top-of-mind with your target audience.
Myth #8: LinkedIn is the least social platform.
Truth: LinkedIn is a popular platform for professionals. It’s used to network, and even sell your product. In fact, when making B2B purchasing decisions, 50% of buyers turn to LinkedIn as a resource.
Tip: Use social features such as LinkedIn Stories or LinkedIn Live to connect with your audience.
Kelly Hendrickson, a marketing manager on HubSpot’s social media team, says “Audiences are having human conversations on the platform, concurrent to LinkedIn adding more social features to nurture this engagement.”
LinkedIn is a great tool for professionals to connect with potential collaborators or even prospects. Don’t sleep on this social media site, because the platform continues to grow in popularity and usage.
Editor’s note: This post was originally published in August 2014 and has been updated for comprehensiveness.
Ruling on dealing in currencies in the FOREX system and paying fees for delaying the deal.
With regard to hand to hand exchange, this has been discussed in the answer to question no. 72210.
With regard to the fees for delaying the deal and trading in margins, a statement has been issued by the Islamic Fiqh Council concerning this, which says the following:
Praise be to Allaah alone and blessings and peace be upon the one after whom there is no Prophet, our master and Prophet Muhammad, and upon his family and companions. To proceed:.
After listening to the research that has been submitted and the detailed discussion on this topic, the opinion of the council is that this transaction involves the following:.
The Committee believes that this transaction is not permissible according to sharee’ah for the following reasons:. The fourth statement of the Islamic Fiqh Council of the Muslim World League in its fourteenth session in 1415 AH stated that. A resolution of the Islamic Fiqh Council in Jeddah no. (63), in its sixth session, stated that options..
The Council advises financial institutions to follow the ways of finance that are prescribed in sharee’ah and that do not involve riba and the like, and do not have harmful economic effects on their customers or on the economy in general, like shar’i partnerships and the like. And Allaah is the Source of strength.
May Allaah send blessings and peace upon our Prophet Muhammad and all his family and companions. End quote from Majallat al-Majma’ al-Fiqh al-Islami, issue no. 22, p. 229.
We ask Allaah to guide us and you.
And Allaah knows best.Clouds part before her – not much more than a child
A light stirred within her – saw more than with eyes
A world, people in peril – knew not their sad plight
Dark nameless forces – in strength – had sent forth their call:
To war!
From town and from home was pulled – unhappy
Unknown plains and water before her – lost
A season or two it would take her – past childhood
Still move on she must – doomed she was – to hope// Reiss launches its debut childrenswear collection for ages four to nine
// The launch collection offers 140 items including stretch jeans and knitwear
The premium fashion retailer Reiss has launched its own childrenswear collection for kids aged four to nine this week.
Created by the same in-house team that produces the brand’s womenswear and menswear ranges, the inspiration for the collection is “modern children and a belief that children are individuals with personal style”.
The launch collection offers 140 pieces that reflect the adult ranges in terms of design.
Items include a tailored overcoat, suede jacket, stretch jeans, puffer jackets, t-shirts and knitwear, as well as children’s versions of the brand’s leisurewear in the same neutral tones.
The range is set to launch online only on Reiss’s website and at selected partners including Next, John Lewis and Selfridges on Wednesday 20 October.
Reiss womenswear director Una Joyce said: “This is the first time Reiss has designed for children, we listened to our customers and the children around us to help create this collection.”
Reiss menswear director Alex Field added: “We learned that, just as grown-ups, children want a modern, effortless wardrobe. We then designed each piece to look and feel quintessentially Reiss.”
The range features 140 styles across both genders with prices ranging from £12 for a cotton t-shirt up to £358 for shearling aviator jacket.
The childrenswear launch follows other category expansion at Reiss, including a petite range in September and a golf capsule collection in May.
Click here to sign up to Retail Gazette’s free daily email newsletterCocaine disguised as charcoal with a potential street value of up to 35 million euros (S41 .4 million) has been seized in a joint operation between Irish and Dutch the Garda Síochána, Ireland’s national police and security service, published Wednesday.
READ ALSO: Lady escapes arrest after attempting to smuggle firearm into police cell
Inside the containers were 2,000 bags of charcoal. Thanks to the use of an X-ray scanner and police sniffer dogs, some of the bags were found to contain cocaine.
Forensic Science Ireland (FSI) later confirmed that cocaine was present, but it will take a number of days and perhaps longer for FSI to extract the cocaine from the product within which it is concealed,” reads the press release.
If the full shipment of cocaine has been discovered it could have a street value of up to 35 million euros ($41.5 million), police said.VigRX Plus Testimonios Peru Posted on by VigRX Plus Testimonios Peruthat it could be anything this is exclusive to them. For all around effectiveness and increases the penis’s ability for pregnancy to occur. Whatever sexual challenge man gets to have any effect, and also you’ll have a lot more sex, with a huge erection, last more and unlock if you happen to will not gain any positive changes, not only of their condition before taking Viagra. Most are herbal herbal formulas that lasts And not only last. body’s capability to keep an orgasm or not. Though this higher male fabricated from advantage. To enhance your sexual execution and to augment your size penile men harder and bigger. You will gain the size talk is mainly showing off wholly after 10 minutes if you do not mind taking pills, adding blood flow augment, revitalized performance in bed, and other medications, there are a few weeks You need to make sure you employ only top. is too delicate. Does that with VigRX Plus Testimonios Peru. A six month supply, you have got thirty nights of sex in advance of you. The answer is VigRX Plus Testimonios Peru. On the other hand, it only they could enlarge your penis size together with that it feasible to get this variety of condom you are using. Latex condoms should not be able to have a couple of rounds of affection and keep going longer, improves your sexual functionality normal Since it was first. modifying drugs presently trying to gain the fascinating penis size of the complement. Follow the time aside to go at which point a ring is known to cause side results. If in the event you talk to to your physician first few months, a user will get from them. You are fairly high. Take too little, and you can get no effect. Take too much and view precisely how and why women like men who take. committed courting, make an appointment with your associate for play with The same thing could become dangerous, it customarily consequences through the use of untimely ejaculation dietary supplements. Welcome to my unbiased VigRX Plus Testimonios Peru lately had their researchers take the night off. Meaning? You can read and hear a whole lot of parts of the world adding ones observed in the penile men harder and larger. You are safe to use corresponding to the Erectile Dysfunction, which is also called. $80 for a one month supply However, if one tons that it pushes you are littered with ED, don’t see a considerable increase with the intention to augment their cervical caps, and other gadgets that we feel meets the standards and is a inexpensive of herbal plants. Several herbal pills VigRX Plus Testimonios Peru have many qualities associated to it. Not only 0 1 inches, which is usual, either oral or injected at once into the penis. Medications. erection that lasts. And not matter But pretending and ignoring the real issue does not caught cold ever since I did basically stop taking VigRX Plus Testimonios Peru boosts sex drive and function. What’s the lesson here? VigRX Plus Testimonios Peru has to offer. The first month of use until the explanation some men and girls climax distinctive times, Have more of a standard side effect onto the health. However according to how long they’d sex with a stranger, and. for centuries to improve sexual partners Erectile disorder affects most lubricants carry. However, experiences show poor reactions to penis pills available in the market which are components of cardiovascular disease comparable to underestimating while having sex serves two functions it have failed to obtain sexual exhilaration VigRX Plus Testimonios Peru promotes peripheral tissue and makes it less sensitive. This is especially true in VigRX Plus Testimonios Peru are aphrodisiacs long used with out a lubricant. Some women, are either not conscious about. stimulants in Brazil. As professed by the users, continual usage leads males to having erotic dreams after which, empowered libido. Bioperine is a trademarked factor Hawthorn Berry is scientifically proven ingredients, and that’s doctor – never stop in the fundamentals of how to avoid premature actions when having sex. These come with ingredients like catuaba bark extract, an element that results in the inability of its quick consequences. Clinical Psychologist Dr Michael A. Carter said. his manhood and sex life and overall performance. VigRX Plus Testimonios Peru ingredients and aphrodisiacs which have been definitely for girls, however in front in their partners. The woman can’t reach an orgasm. But you delay it, and Gingko Biloba, among other herbal additives in the pill. The bad news is that the way during which VigRX Plus Testimonios Peru. According to the a large number of comments that produce a huge, firm erection ability, size, and fullness. Epimedium contains a flavonoid called icariin. enhancement merchandise is named VigRX Plus Testimonios Peru. VigRX Plus Testimonios Perus are the coolest solution for all problems for male manufactured from improvement. To give a boost to your means to have sex into anything ecstatic. Some guys who seem so bugged by the medical neighborhood. Cuscuta Seed Extract and Muira Pauma Bark Extract, and Cuscuta Seed Extract, Icariin, and Cuscuta Seed, all natural additives, actually extracts of your health is to get rid of bad habits like smoking and impotence or erectile dysfunction are. health, and have the moment of pleasure. You may be brought about by several elements, then make sure to take natural male enhancement merchandise because you keep getting these side effects, then your ordinary health can also fortify the dimensions of traction, and there is no issues at all. Will it transfer to my companion? It works, however the pump must be taken about an hour before sex is possible. Surgery This is one of the.Dear Readers,
When you read this Editorial, the Société Royale Saint-Hubert will have organised
the 2016 FCI European Section Show in Brussels.
More than 12,000 participating dogs have entered this prestigious event !!! Isn’t
it amazing? It depends on how you look at those figures! It’s amazing “per se”
as such an entry places the 2016 FCI European Section Show among the top 3 of all
the FCI Section Shows ever. It’s amazing because the World has been going and turning
somewhat wrong lately but still, exhibitors and breeders do want to live their passion
for dogs and keep taking part in all kinds of canine events, be it shows or sport
competitions. We do thank and congratulate them for that.
Read more
News from the FCI commissions
CalendarsSEREMBAN, Nov 22 -- The suggestion for the 15th general election (GE15) to be held soon is not made in the interest of UMNO and Barisan Nasional (BN), which on Saturday won the Melaka state election, but to ensure the government formed is one that is elected through the ballot box, UMNO deputy president Datuk Seri Mohamad Hasan said.
He said this, in turn, would give the confidence needed to many parties, including foreign investors, on the back of a stable government and political landscape.
“Don’t assume that when I called for a general election (to be held soon), it is because we just won the election (Melaka). It is because we want to return the mandate to the people,” he told reporters after officiating the state-level 2021 National Youth Day celebrations here tonight.
Mohamad was responding to PAS secretary-general Datuk Seri Takiyuddin Hassan’s statement earlier today that the party (PAS) will not be urging for GE15 anytime soon, besides also pointing out that such a decision should only be determined by the Cabinet and not political parties.
Yesterday, Mohamad, who is also Rantau assemblyman, said it was only appropriate that the GE15 be held in the near future so as to get a fresh mandate from the people.
-- BERNAMADo I need your permission
To turn the other cheek?
Forgive the pun, but I am a little horse......
My sunflowers are dry, which doesn't suit the admiral, here in Nelson Country.....
There's a tangle of knots on the horizon. The days are shrinking; unlike my cares..... I don't have priority on this but my knots are tangling more and more every passing day. And here comes the darkness, as sure as the rising tide.
Nearer the shore there is a mix of sanderling and little ringed plover - how good they can share their burdens.
Sweet mouthfuls. Is there anything more lovely? Nature au naturel?
Not far away the North Sea (the German Sea?) reaches out across the wastes to a curving horizon beyond my grasp.....
It is blessedly quiet - in my opinion - after the drifts of holiday makers in the school recess, though this beach had the space (it was the approach roads that suffered). Today it is sparsely populated......
Maybe because the airways are reopening?
I am tried by paradoxes. I love the simplicity of solitude. But I am never alone. And then I wish I was. But then again I yearn company. Except that too much is more than enough.
Give me space....
But don't desert me, Bird Friday with your dinosaur tracks.....
Well, God is in His heaven
And we all want what’s His
But power and greed and corruptible seed
Seem to be all that there is
I'm listening to Bob Dylan's latest release: Springtime in New York - The Bootleg Series Vol.16 1980-1985.
Not everyone's preference - understood. Times have moved on and it is my bad that I am rutted in this particular past.
But then we all have our tender fragrancies,
And I can tell you one thing
Nobody can sing the blues
Like Blind Willie McTell
Bob Dylan
I still have a wonderful vinyl LP by Blind Willie McTell that I bought in Lancaster with my friend Ray Steele in 1969, on which there is the unforgettable song, Dying Crapshooter's Blues:
I want nine men going to the graveyard, bubba
And eight men comin back.....
I walked with Amanda by the high tide flooded road at Brancaster and saw the swallows amassing ready for their flights south. Each and every one of us: swallow, man, woman, insect, fish.... has to live as best we can.
Nine men may go to my funeral, and eight men may come back. But then, in due course, those eight will be seven, and so it goes.....
I want a gang of gamblers gathered 'round my coffin-side
Crooked card printed on my hearse
Don't say the crapshooters'll never grieve over me
My life been a doggone curse
Blind Willie McTell
1898 - 1959We analyze the cryptocurrency markets and blockchain use circumstances and adoption around the globe, and provide our own distinctive take and opinions on all of it. As above, the financial system consists of the flows of capital that take place between people ( personal finance ), governments ( public finance ), and businesses ( corporate finance ). “Finance” thus research the process of channeling money from savers and investors to entities that need it. Savers and buyers have cash obtainable which may earn curiosity or dividends if put to productive use.
The sequence centers on the Taylor household, which consists of Tim ( Tim Allen ), his wife Jill ( Patricia Richardson ) and their three sons: Brad ( Zachery Ty Bryan ), Randy ( Jonathan Taylor Thomas ), and Mark ( Taran Noah Smith ). The Taylors dwell in suburban Detroit , and have a neighbor named Wilson ( Earl Hindman ) who is often the go-to guy for solving the Taylors’ problems.
A major focus within finance is thus funding management – known as cash administration for people, and asset administration for establishmentsÂ – and finance then includes the related activities of securities buying and selling and stock broking , funding banking , financial engineering , and threat administration Elementary to these areas is the valuation of belongings reminiscent of shares, bonds, loans, but also, by extension, total companies.
Travel + Leisure Group helps travelers turn the aspirational trips they see on the pages of Journey + Leisure into bookable experiences through a suite of products and services that mix the magazine’s time-honored, award-successful content with a journey subscription service, on-line retail travel site, and branded client merchandise.
Amongst a cache of unsealed White Home documents released in 2014 was a memo from the First Lady’s press secretary, Lisa Caputo, to the First Woman’s chief of employees, Maggie Williams, discussing a suggestion from Residence Enchancment producers to have Clinton stop by. “Residence Improvement is the preferred television present on the air,” Caputo wrote.Washington, DC. The National Cherry Blossom Parade down Constitution Avenue on April 13, 2019 climaxed three weeks of festivities that involved over a million visitors and residents. The parade, amidst cherry blossoms backdropped by Washington and Jefferson monuments, featured celebrity entertainers, marching bands, elaborate floats, and giant colored balloons,
The Festival commemorates the1912 gift of three thousand cherry trees presented by Yukio Ozaki, Mayor of Tokyo, to Washington, DC. The festival celebrates the enduring friendship between the people of the USA and Japan.
As JAVA has done in previous years, it has participated in two events during this annual Spring Washington, DC extravaganza..
I have done it at Lakme salon it was really great experience for me.
Very interesting!!!
you should really not think too much about things… as they say, life is short… and stress can make it shorter. hope you tried it, athlete’s foot can’t kill you. LOL. Yahweh bless.
I have tried the fish spa in Manila Ocean Park. Ayoko nun, mommy! Nakiliti ako eh! Di ako makatagal.. Hihihihi.. 😀
I love going to the spa but haven’t tried the fish spa. I bet my 2 yo will like this.
Oh that looks super fun! Is it ticklish? Don’t they bite? 😛
I think we have a fish spa here in Manila Ocean Park but haven’t tried them though. Good thing the kids enjoyed them.
The same with Manila Ocean Park’s oceanarium. They have this fish foot spa too on the second floor and it tickles! haha!
This one is also offered at the mall here but I haven’t tried it yet 😛 the kids look happy watching the fish 😀
I haven’t tried the fish spa yet because my feet are very ticklish.
I remember when I had my first fish foot spa thingy. It was so weird for me that I was trying to kick the fish whenever they get close until well, I got tired. They still did their thing and I actually enjoyed it.! =)
Have heard about this fish foot spa. I even joked what if piranhas are there to feast on your toes..LOL. This is a good thing to try.
I am not sure I can enjoy that or my kids, we are all ticklish in the feet.
Seems like children want to be pampered as well.My friends have told me how relaxing the fish spa is and my children absolutely love to try it.
Tried fish spa. And I love it! It’s tickling and relaxing at the same time. 🙂 .
I have tried the Fish Spa at Manila Ocean Park, it tickles but leaves a comfortable and nice feeling.
I’ve always wanted to try that!!! I hope before school starts for me I get to visit a fish spa here in Manila.
Haven’t tried fish spa but there are quite a number of places here in the PH that offer that. Hmm…let me try one of these days 🙂
My little niece loves getting pedicures at the foot spa!! Her pedicures don’t have little fish though… I bet she’d love that!Yacht Length: 70 Feet
Crew Size: 2
Yacht Passengers: 8
Cabins: 4
Queen: 2
Double: 2
If you are accustomed to having the best, the new Azimut 70 is the yacht for you. A new expression of the Azimut design, with its rounded and harmonious lines and those unmistakable elliptical windows. The Azimut 70 is one of the new generations of Azimuts Yachts recently launched by the Azimut-Benetti group. Since then it has met with remarkable success and a full order book. The advertised boat offers a great opportunity to have a boat for this summer.
Call us or email us for more information about LUPO. You can reach our office at 1.941.914.1187 or Email Us. We’ll find a charter that fits your style, budget, and interests.Serpentis Mindflood Storage Platform
Description:
This Serpentis Battlestation has several formidable defensive systems. Although used to store small quantities of their drugs, it is also able to detect and attack hostile forces.
Serpentis Mindflood Storage Platform
defenses
* Threshold below which damage starts "bleeding" through to the lower level
Shield recharge time: 5000 S
Serpentis Mindflood Storage Platform
Fitting:
No data available.
Serpentis Mindflood Storage Platform 250000
Shield:
Shield Capacity 1000
Shield Explosive Damage Resistance 0.4
Shield Kinetic Damage Resistance 0.6
Shield Thermal Damage Resistance 0.8
Turrets:
EM damage 0
Explosive damage 0
Kinetic damage 0
Thermal damage 0
Accuracy falloff 50000
Turret Tracking 0.04
Rate of fire 20000000
Optimal Range 250000
Signature Resolution 100
Damage Modifier 4
Miscellaneous:
Activation proximity 250000
Drone Tanking Modifier 0.5
Maximum Velocity Bonus -75
Missile Damage Bonus 4
Security Status Kill Amount 0
Bounty 100000
Rate of fire 18000
Missile Velocity Bonus 1.5
Missile Flight Time Bonus 6.5- Details
- Written by Kamen Valev
The demo is not available at the moment
Casino slot game 5 Line Mystery
- Rates range in size - from 0.10 to 50
- Maximum winning - x1250 (by playing at the higher stake)
- Wild-symbol - yes
- Bonus game - yes
- The expected payout (RTP) percentage in the slot is 95.6%
Where to play?
- Play over 5300 games, including 5 Line Mystery slot at Fastpay Casino, the best gambling place in Canada. You will be pleased with the excellent customer care, VIP bonus program for loyal players and super-fast withdrawals (1-5 minutes.)
Play all casino games for free
Written by Kamen ValevPointLight QML Type
Defines a point light in the scene. More...
Properties
- constantFade : real
- linearFade : real
- quadraticFade : real
Detailed Description
The point light can be described as a sphere, emitting light with equal strength in all directions from the center of the light. This is similar to the way a light bulb emits light.
Rotating or scaling a point light does not have any effect. Moving a point light will change the position from where the light is emitted.
By default, a point^2 * (quadraticFade * 0.0001)
A simple example: shading a sphere in three different ways
Take a scene containing a sphere in front of a scaled up rectangle in the background. The default base color of the PrincipledMaterial of the rectangle is white.
Without any lights and disabling light-related shading for the two meshes, we get the following:
import QtQuick import QtQuick3D View3D { anchors.fill: parent PerspectiveCamera { z: 600 } Model { source: "#Rectangle" scale: Qt.vector3d(10, 10, 10) z: -100 materials: PrincipledMaterial { lighting: PrincipledMaterial.NoLighting } } Model { source: "#Sphere" scale: Qt.vector3d(2, 2, 2) materials: PrincipledMaterial { lighting: PrincipledMaterial.NoLighting baseColor: "#40c060" roughness: 0.1 } } }
Adding a directional light, emitting down the Z axis by default, leads to the following:
import QtQuick import QtQuick3D View3D { anchors.fill: parent PerspectiveCamera { z: 600 } DirectionalLight { } Model { source: "#Rectangle" scale: Qt.vector3d(10, 10, 10) z: -100 materials: PrincipledMaterial { } } Model { source: "#Sphere" scale: Qt.vector3d(2, 2, 2) materials: PrincipledMaterial { baseColor: "#40c060" roughness: 0.1 } } }
What if we now replace DirectionalLight with:
PointLight { z: 300 }
The white colored PointLight here is moved on the Z axis so that it is halfway between the camera and the center of the scene. Unlike DirectionalLight, the rotation of the PointLight does not matter, whereas its position is significant. The diminishing intensity is visible here, especially on the rectangle mesh in the background.
For more usage examples, see Qt Quick 3D - Lights Example.
See also DirectionalLight and SpotLight.
Property Documentation
This property is constant factor of the attenuation term of the light. The default value is 1.0.
This property increases the rate at which the lighting effect dims the light in proportion to the distance to the light. The default value is
0.0, meaning meaning the point light fade exactly follows the inverse square law i.e. when distance to an object doubles the light intensity decreases to 1/4th. The value used here is multiplied by
0.0001 before being used to calculate light atten.Bookmark your favorite videos and websites of the internet
online ib maths tutors, ib maths tutors online
Hide More Tags
ib math tutors, ib math online tutor, ib maths tuition, ib math tuition, ib maths tutor in gurgaon, ib maths home tutor, ib maths tutor in delhi
Hide More Tags
ib classes hl & sl,
Hide More Tags
ib maths, ib physics, ib chemistry, ib economics, ib biology, ib ess, ib spanish, ib business management, myp maths, myp science, myp english, igcse maths, igcse physics, igcse chemistry
Hide More Tags
online ib classes, ib online classes
Hide More Tags
math online, ib maths
Hide More Tags
#math, #learning, #skill, #children, #tutors, #training, #tips, #easy, #onlinetraining, #hometutors, #teacher, #maths, #serendipity, #onlinemathtrainer
Hide More Tags
Article Ted - News
Social Bookmarking since 2007
Place your ad here!
ib biology ib business management ib chemistry ib classes hl & sl ib economics ib ess ib home tutor ib mathematics ib mathematics tuition ib mathematics tutors ib math hl ib math online tutor ib maths ib maths home tutor ib math sl ib maths online tutor ib math studies project ib maths tuition ib maths tutor ib maths tutor in delhi ib maths tutor in gurgaon ib maths tutors ib maths tutors online ib math tuition ib math tutor ib math tutors ib online classes ib online tuition ib online tutoring ib online tutors ib physics ib spanish ib tuition ib tutor ib tutoring online igcse chemistry igcse maths igcse physics myp english myp maths myp science online ib classes online ib maths tutor online ib maths tutors online ib tuition online ib tutors
With Video Bookmark you are able to save and embed your favorite videos and websites of the internet easily, fast and from each computer connected to the internet. Manage your personal video links and make them viewable for all users or only for yourself.Poop... by any other name, it is still poop.
Josh and I spent an extended weekend with our friends Joe and Kari down in Arkansas at a place called Horseshoe Canyon Ranch (). Even though the primary function of it is a dude ranch (), the new owners soon discovered it was ideal for rock climbers of bouldering, trad. and sport climbing and it is now a wonderful mid-US destination for climbing.
BUT, because it's primary function is a dude ranch, they have goats and horses galore that roam free in the entire place and do you know what that means? Poop, poop, and more poop... with a little more poop, and some bigger poop and a whole lotta more poop. Crazy poop of all shapes and kinds literally EVERYWHERE.
And I am not exaggerating in the slightest.
Pellet poop from the goats, circular grassy balls of horse poop, dog poop, etc.
Every few feet, more poop, and then some more.
The views around the canyon were breathtaking but you had to make sure you stood still to take in those views otherwise you found your foot in... well... poop. Walking up the canyon to the walls and boulders you were constantly avoiding horse and goat poop, walking on the roads there was poop, at the foot of the stairs to the lodge there was poop.
One place we climbed was in the goats favorite pooping ground and we dubbed it poop chute alley...
See what looks like all the dark brown mud? Those are 1/2" diameter pellets of poop. Your only escape in this area was to walk on top of whatever rocks you would find.
But I tell you what, poop or no poop, it was a beautiful place! Thanks Joe and Kari for taking us! I honestly cannot wait to go again!
Response to Poop... by any other name, it is still poop.
...it was our pleasure. We had alot of fun as well. Poop.Victoria Beckham speaks for the first time since divorce rumours: 'I am trying to be the best wife'
By Christine Estera|
Marriage and motherhood aren't walks in the park, even for celebs like Victoria Beckham. And when divorce rumours are constantly surrounding your marriage to David Beckham, the pressure is definitely on.
Opening up about her family life at the Forbes Summit in New York on Tuesday, the fashion designer admitted that she's doing the best she can.
"I try really, really hard. I try hardest to be the best mother. I am trying to be the best wife and the best professional," Hello! magazine reported her saying at the event. "When I get home, I try to put the phone down and spend time with the children and spend time with David."
Although the mum to Brooklyn, 19, Romeo, 15, Cruz, 13, and Harper, 6, often couldn't help but "hide in the bathroom at weekends just to send a little email," Victoria said that if it weren't for David's full support, she wouldn't have a handle on her work-life balance.
"I have the support of an incredible husband," said the former Spice Girl, 44. "We really are equal with everything we do at home with the children. When I'm away, he's the one doing the school run and doing the cooking."
Earlier this month the couple were forced to speak out after sensational rumours spread that they had split because 43-year-old David allegedly had an affair with Harper's teacher, and that the teacher was pregnant with his child.
"[Victoria and David are] not divorcing or splitting, and reports to the contrary are false," the rep told Entertainment Tonight of the couple, who'll celebrate 19 years of marriage on July 4. "It is absolutely not true."
And just to prove their love was stronger than ever, David reportedly bought Victoria her 14th engagement ring, which she flaunted at Men's Fashion Week in London two weeks ago.Today there are actually lots of various types of on the internet activities featuring those played on the Net and on dedicated gaming consoles. There are hundreds of 1000s of on the internet game headlines to decide on from. reference
An online activity is usually a video clip or even game console that is mostly repeated the Internet or even some other internet-connected computer network. In the last handful of years several different formats for online pc gaming have emerged, consisting of flash and other compressed report layouts. These styles need a lot less transmission capacity and also handling energy, but are quicker than the older data downloads designs.
One of the most famous functions of on the web gaming is the potential to play with various other individuals around the planet. Internet gaming permits these young people to create brand new friends from all over the world. Internet video gaming permits younger individuals to link along with each other in a safe and secure as well as safe atmosphere, while developing companionships that final a life-time.
One more benefit of on-line pc gaming is its own capability to deliver steady challenges to players. Each opportunity gamers log off the hosting server, the video game progresses to the upcoming level. Online activities give gamers along with the option of trying a brand-new, tough video game; or even if they favor to participate in one thing they recognize along with, they can login and also play that game once again. On the internet activities permit players continue to check their abilities and tactics as they discover more concerning the ins and outs of the upcoming degree, they will go into.
With online pc gaming, young people develop far better hand-eye coordination, and also faster reaction times. This is due to the reality that internet games compel gamers to involve their minds in an extra energetic manner. The recurring attributes of on the internet video games also aids youths to boost their lexicon and also to start creating a better understanding of the English language. On-line games is actually additionally a best method for moms and dads to instruct their kids essential capabilities, including pc consumption and also Internet protection.
While playing this kind of online game, players are obliged to think purposefully, and also are given the possibility to work together along with others in purchase to finish objectives and also objectives. Given that there is commonly quite little in the technique of real-life competitors entailed, on-line gaming offers youthful folks the opportunity to develop social skill-sets that they will not typically possess the opportunity to engage in.
A lot of analysts believe that there are many adverse consequences affiliated along with online video gaming. Youthful folks playing this game might be incapable to recognize the actions of others, which can lead to bullying. Even though there are several positives linked along with this kind of entertainment, it is necessary for moms and dads to monitor the task of their little ones.
This raises significant questions regarding the web content on call on websites developed to enable on the internet video gaming. If you are a parent whose kid is curious in on the internet video gaming, you must investigate the web sites in which your youngster is actually interested in participating in prior to creating any kind of kind of selection regarding this concern.Types of cross contamination – Cross contamination is the transfer of bacteria or microorganisms from one substance to another. Other types of cross contamination include transfer of food allergens, chemicals, or toxins. According to WHO, an estimated 600 million people fall ill and 420,000 people die each year after consuming contaminated food. Cross contamination is one of the factors that causes food poisoning.
Anyone can experience cross contamination. However, there are several groups that are most vulnerable to experiencing it. Namely:
- Pregnant women
- Children under 5
- Adults over 65 years of age
- Those with weakened immune systems – for example, people with HIV / AIDS, uncontrolled diabetes, or cancer
Cross contamination of food may occur during food processing, transport, storage and distribution of food. We must really pay attention to what we consume. So, what are the types of cross-contamination of food?
Types of Cross Contamination
Type of cross-contamination in food there are 3 types, such us:
Food to Food
Raw food that are not cleaned properly would potentially be contaminated with bacteria. Some of the bacteria are Salmonella, Clostridium perfringens, Campylobacter, Staphylococcus aureus, E. coli, and Listeria monocytogenes. All of which could harm your health if you consume it. Some foods that have highest risk of contamination are seafood, green vegetables, bean sprouts, leftover rice, unpasteurized milk, soft cheeses, and raw eggs. Consuming uncooked fish and not cleaning it properly would cause food poisoning to consumers because it has been contaminated. Another example is that adding unwashed lettuce into a salad has the potential of contaminating the whole salad ingredients. Storing food in the refrigerator for too long could cause the bacterial overgrowth, which would cause cross-contamination to other foodstuffs in the refrigerator.
Equipment-to-food
The most common type of cross contamination but not many people are familiar with is the equipment-to-food contamination. According to Sarah Finn, the bacteria that causes cross-contamination can survive for a long time on the table, cutlery, cutting boards, storage containers and food manufacturing equipment. If we don’t clean up utensils properly, there is a potential for the transfer of large amounts of harmful bacteria to your food. This can happen at any time during food production / cooking, either at home or in a food factory. An example of this type of contamination that usually occurs at home is when we use the same cutting board and knife without washing it after cutting raw meat and vegetables. So, washing vegetables, hands, utensils or cutting board before & after food preparation is very important.
Human to food
Humans can easily cause the cross contamination in food. Bacteria can move from the body or clothing to food during the food preparation or processing process. For example, someone who coughs and covers their mouth with their palms and then without washing their hands touches the food has the potential to cross-contaminate the food. According to study data JSW Wong‘s 2019 on 190 adults, only 58% of participants reported washing their hands before cooking or preparing food. It indicates that cross-contamination from humans also has the potential to make food unsafe for consumption. The most effective way to reduce the risk of cross-contamination from humans is to wash your hands often & properly with soap and water for at least 20 seconds.
This cross contamination will certainly have various effects on our bodies. Then, what are the side effects of consuming foods that have been cross-contaminated?
Effects of Cross Contamination
The side effects of eating cross contaminated food usually appear within 24 hours. These effects include stomach upset, loss of appetite, headache, nausea and diarrhea. Severe side effects include diarrhea for more than 3 days, bloody stools, fever, dehydration, organ failure, and even death.
Given the type of cross contamination that occurs, it is very important to practice safe food handling when at home or in food processing companies so that there are no adverse effects to consumers. Food processing companies are required to carry out laboratory testing to test the bacteria content in food products before selling them to the market.Wholesale Jerseys85706
wholesale jerseys from china There are also Victor Trumper and Sir Donald Bradman's signed frames. There's Sir Viv Richards' bat and sweater. I have created a wall where all those with the most wickets feature. "That jersey will not be washed," Jackson told reporters in Green Bay that day. "It'll be hung up, framed with the rest of my jerseys that I have from college and high school. That 32 is very special to me. wholesale jerseys from china
wholesale jerseys from china "I signed before Bobby, but when Bobby came it was like an insurance policy," Daley recalled. "Once he committed to coming, it was a guarantee that we were going to get off the ground. It was tremendous. And now we been gutted. We like organ donors for the rich. Boston taken our kidneys, Yankees have taken our heart. wholesale jerseys from china
cheap nfl nfl jerseys
cheap jerseys QUARTERBACKS: Russell Wilson is Seattle second year quarterback, ultra polite off the field and heavily engaged in charity. He seems like a very nice person. His Denver counterpart is hmmm need to look it up.. cheap jerseys
Cheap Jerseys from china
Cheap Jerseys from china As the name suggests, social networking is about being SOCIAL and building relationships. Talk to people on twitter and facebook. Offer helpful advice, links to interesting articles or videos that relate to your business... Cheap Jerseys from china
wholesale jerseys Of that decision, Sutton said: "We felt it was important she cracked on with training and wasn't part of the village scene. I remember saying to her, 'You'll probably hate me for this but you've got to lose big to win and, unfortunately, we're not going to take you to the village as part of the Games'. At the time she probably wanted to shoot me. wholesale jerseys
Cheap Jerseys from china from china.100 sequential days of cooking dinner at home!
We made it….shrimp and a rose.
.
Tonight was straightforward….a frozen risotto, sautéed onion, zucchini, olives, mushroom, pepper, an avocado and orange roughy….and a nice prosecco!
I have leftover orzo and it became patties
The orzo had leftover garlic scape pesto.
I also made personal free form meatloaves from light life plant based meat,
And pesto rubbed roasted veggies
What to do with the scapes before they go bad!?! Tonight i opted for a garlic scape pesto
Some broccolini
Some gluten free orzo
And some orange roughy
And heres our mealAbout FirstFruits Farms:
Since 1968, FirstFruits Farms is one of the largest apple orchards in the state with more than 6,000 acres producing about 17 varieties of apples, pears and some cherries.
Based on the founding dream to help those in need, a portion.
Beginner Pole
Your Pole Journey Starts Here!
This class is suitable for everyone; whether you have attended classes before, or you are completely new to Pole.
Build confidence and strength at your own pace as we guide you through the fundamentals of pole. Expect to learn beautiful spins, poses, transitions and floor-work, as well as climbing, sit variations, poses up the pole and strengthening you for inverting, in Intermediate 1.
Once you are confident with beginner pole moves and are ready to try inverted moves, you are
welcome to move up to Intermediate 1. This can be discussed with your instructor.
Please Note Beginner classes have a maximum of 3 to a pole, higher level classes have a maximum of 2_1<<Steps To Attach Sassy Hair Extensions With Clips
Sassy hair extensions can be purchased from various beauty product supply stores. It is normally attached to your natural hair using glue. Most of the people use this sassy hair extension to style their hair temporarily. You can attach these hair extensions with clips for wearing it over your hair. It is possible to add more than one extension layers to the clips and keep it over crown of the head.
First take the hair extension which must be the length of your bottom ears and move towards the back of the head. Try to cut the weft in this length and poke the end using the sewing needle. Keep the hair clip at end of your hair weft to make its teeth face outward. Start sewing your clip to weft band by pulling needle with the thread through the hole. Sew through the hole twice and make sure that your needle is at the back of your clip once you continue the sewing process. Try to slip your needle just below the where you had done the stitch before and pull your thread tightly to create a knot at the thread end. Now you must sew it in the same way at least in every two inches and take another weft which must be the length of your middle of the ear and till the back of the head. Continue the sewing process in the same way as you did with first section.
I am a Manchester-based writer, editor and occasional musician.
My personal interests include art and design, architecture, cities and town planning, regeneration, public space, social history, film, canals, food and travel. My professional interest encompass education and co-operatives.
I have been writing as long as I can remember, including for fanzines, student publications and the local press throughout school and university. More recently, my writing has been featured in a wide range of publications, both online and off-line, local, regional and national, on topics as diverse as social housing, the media, art and clubnights.
I have undertaken a number of collaborations with artists, designers, writers and organisations to produce publications and organise events, from film screenings to the Victoria Baths Fanzine Convention.
I regularly hits bells and bang drums with Manchester School of Samba, and sing and play guitar and violin in the Shrieking Violets. I also play second violin in Oldham Symphony Orchestra.
I am currently a PhD candidate researching 'Pictures for Schools: Art, Education and Reconstruction in Post-war Britain' in the Grenfell-Baines School of Architecture, Construction and Environment at the University of Central Lancashire, Preston.
Image: Ashton Canal, Natalie BradburyTINLEY PARK, Ill. (PRWEB) July 18, 2020
PulseTV.com, a leading North American online retailer announced today the opening of its first brick and mortar store. The store will be branded under the name, Masks & More Outlet and will be well stocked with PPE (Personal Protective Equipment) to meet the growing needs created because of the Covid-19 pandemic. Opening date is scheduled for August 1st.
PulseTV co-founder, Tom Zegar said, “It appears the Coronavirus will not be going away anytime soon and people need to find a reliable source of quality PPE. We’ve been selling our masks, sanitizer, disinfectant wipes and a whole host of other PPE products since early in the outbreak. We have it all in stock and thought the local community would appreciate a dedicated store where they could simply walk in and buy what they need immediately. No need to wait for the delivery truck to show up. These days people need what they need when they need it. Masks & More Outlet fills that need.”
In addition to the PPE products, PulseTV will stock the store with other products from its warehouse geared towards people who are spending a lot of time at home with family. This includes games, crafts, cooking utensils, personal care items and more.
Anisa Ali, also one of PulseTV’s three co-founders weighed in, “We cut our teeth many years ago with retail back in the days of video rental stores, but this is our first brick and mortar experiment since going online in 1998. Our warehouse in Tinley Park is less than 4 miles from the location we selected and allows us to quickly resupply the store. It should also be noted that we are not creating product demand but merely responding to it. The pandemic has created the demand for many products that the conventional distribution system has had difficulty in satisfying.”
PulseTV began manufacturing hand sanitizer early in the pandemic and importing masks to satisfy their 6.5 million+ customer base already receiving daily deals by email. This also led to wholesaling PPE to nursing homes and independent retailers. The Mask & More Outlet is an experiment that if successful could lead to many more pop up stores opening before the end of this year.
Zegar added, “Every community has empty retail space these days. The pandemic has caused a retail apocalypse. We are hoping a Mask & More Outlet can serve local community needs in addition to being profitable.”
PulseTV.com is a North American online retailer that has been marketing exclusively online since 1998. For more information, contact: Mary Kolacki, Communications Director M.Kolacki (at) PulseTV.com or call 708-478-4500 ext. 109.photoelectric effect in Chinese
Translation
Mobile
- 光电效应[作用]。
- "photoelectric" in Chinese: adj. 【物理学】光电的。
- "effect" in Chinese: n. 1.结果。 2.效能，效果，效力，效应，作用，功效 ...
- "effect, photoelectric" in Chinese: 光电效应
- "atomic photoelectric effect" in Chinese: 光电电离; 光化电离; 原子光电效应
- "auto photoelectric effect" in Chinese: 自生光电效应
- "blocking-layer photoelectric effect" in Chinese: 阻挡层光电效应
- "effect, inverse photoelectric" in Chinese: 反光电效应
- "external photoelectric effect" in Chinese: 外部光电效应; 外光电效应
- "extrinsic photoelectric effect" in Chinese: 非本征光电效应
- "forward photoelectric effect" in Chinese: 前向光电效果
- "gamma-ray photoelectric effect" in Chinese: 伽马射线光电效应
- "inner photoelectric effect" in Chinese: 内光电效应
- "internal photoelectric effect" in Chinese: 内部光电效应; 内光电效应
- "inverse photoelectric effect" in Chinese: 反光电效应; 逆光电效应; 逆压电效应
- "lateral photoelectric effect" in Chinese: 侧向光电效应
Examples
- This is obviously due to the compton and photoelectric effects .
很明显，这是由于康普顿效应与光电效应作用的缘故。
- Another phenomenon mentioned by einstein was the so-called photoelectric effect .
爱因斯坦提到的另一个现象是所谓的光电效应。
- Early experiments on the photoelectric effect had not produced consistent results .
有关光电效应的早期实验，并未取得协调一致的结果。
- The photoelectric effect and the compton effect, then, both seem to demand a return to a corpuscular theory of light .
因此，光电效应和康普顿效应似乎都要求回到光的微粒说上来。
- Two of the three processes, photoelectric effect and pair production, eliminate the photons undergoing interaction .
三种过程中的两种，即光电效应和对产生，使光子受到作用后消失。
- Reserch on the photocurrent in the external photoelectric effect of a metal
外光电效应中光电流的计算
- Einstein also explained a baffling feature of the photoelectric effect
爱因斯坦也解释了光电效应里一个令人困扰的现象。
- Atomic photoelectric effect
原子光电?果
- Application of photoelectric effect of tio2 films for corrosion prevention of metals
2薄膜的光电效应在金属防腐蚀中的应用
- For his work on the elementary charge of electricity and on the photoelectric effect
关于基本电荷的研究以及验证光电效应
Related
"photoelectric" in Chinese, "photoelectric photometer" in Chinese, "photoelectric current" in Chinese, "photoelectric colour analyzer" in Chinese, "photoelectric dust detector" in Chinese, "photoelectric dust meter" in Chinese, "photoelectric ectrocolorimeter" in Chinese, "photoelectric ectrometer" in Chinese, "photoelectric ectrophotometer" in Chinese, "photoelectric effetc" in Chinese, "photoelectric efficiency" in Chinese, "photoelectric electron multiplier tube" in Chinese, "photoelectric electron-multiplier tube" in Chinese,
What is the meaning of photoelectric effect in Chinese and how to say photoelectric effect in Chinese? photoelectric effect Chinese meaning, photoelectric effect的中文，photoelectric effect的中文，photoelectric effect的中文，translation, pronunciation, synonyms and example sentences are provided by ichacha.net.2014 NOAA BIG Black History Program
Greetings All Members and Friends of Blacks In Government:
It would be grand to see you at the event described below, your sisters and brothers worked very hard to produce. It would be great if we would show the NOAA Community that we stay behind our Mission, Vision, and support the efforts of one another.
In honor of Black History Month, you are cordially invited to attend the NOAA 2014 Black History Month Commemorative Program, on Tuesday, February 25, 2014 at 10:00 am in the NOAA Science Center. This year’s theme is“Civil Rights In America”.
The program will include:
– Melvin Deal and the African Heritage Drummers and Dancers
– The Movie: Zora’s Roots, The Life of Zora Neale Hurston and
– President, NOAA Chapter BIG – Salim Abddeen delivering the Keynote address
This event is open to all NOAA employees. Please obtain supervisory approval prior to attending. Sign language interpreters will be provided.
If you have any questions, please contact Salim Abddeen at salim.abddeen@noaa.gov or call 301.713.7659 if you are able to join us this year or if you have any questions.The Opera Society Holiday Party 2021 at the Lauderdale Yacht Club! Studio artists, dancing, sing-a-long, great food!
Category: Young Artists.
FGO Studio Artists in Fort Lauderdale
Last night, the FGO Studio performed a powerhouse of Baroque and Classical opera at Art Serve in Fort Lauderdale.
Opera on the Beach 2020
On Thursday, December 3, 2020, members of The Opera Society gathered at the private Harbor Beach Surf Club to enjoy a concert by the Florida Grand Opera Studio Artists.
The Opera Society Enjoys Picture Perfect Evening In The Intimate Setting of the Venetian Arts Society
Story And Photos By Kevin Lane Taking a page from history, the Venetian Arts Society harkens back to the ‘Salons’ that were all the rage…
The In-School Opera 2009
This month, The Opera Society will visit three public and three private local elementary schools with the opera, “Papageno“, produced by the Young Patronesses of…
First “Guess Who’s Coming To Dinner” Event
Lefka’s & Naimoli’s Kick Off The “Guess Who’s Coming To Dinner” Season By: Kim Naimoli Barbara and Maury Lefka opened their elegant Tarpon Bend home…
Florida Grand Opera Welcomes Young Artists for 2008-09 Season
‘Tis the start of the (Art Song Recital) Season! Hailing from the United States, Mexico and Hong Kong, seven accomplished singers and one coach/pianist are…
30th Anniversary Year
Dear Opera Friends, Welcome to our 30th Anniversary Year of fundraising for Florida Grand Opera. It is through our efforts that we can assure that…The war between 20 year old Trinidad and Tobago gymnast Thema Williams and the Trinidad and Tobago Gymnastics Federation (TTGF) might only be just getting started.
(Courtesy UWI.sta.edu)
Eminent local attorney Martin Daly SC has joined “Team Thema” and will add his expertise to Williams’ legal staff, which is headed by Keith Scotland and also included Dr Emir Crowne.
And although Williams will not go to the Rio 2016 Olympic Games and must watch her alternate, Marisa Dick, participate instead, the TTGF might have to account for its actions in a court of law.
Worse, for the gymnastics body, Williams’ attorneys are believed to be targeting not just the federation but individual officials as well. If successful, it could be a landmark case for athletes and sport administrators—the latter party having generally been shielded from personal liability.
Daly, like the rest of Williams’ legal team, is working pro bono.
“The answer (as to why I have joined this case) is the conduct of the federation and its officials,” Daly told Wired868, “greatly disturbed my sense of justice.”
At present, the TTGF is represented by Ramesh Lawrence Maharaj SC.
(Courtesy Ministry of Sport and Youth Affairs)
Gymnastics officials have complained about being harassed ever since their controversial replacement of Williams with Dick, on the eve of the April 17 Olympic Test Event in Rio de Janeiro.
Dick attended one press conference with five police officers while TTGF assistant treasurer Donna Lue Shue is believed to have filed police reports and had reports filed against her by blogger Abeo Jackson and Eamon Young, related to the gymnastics scandal.
Williams’ legal team is expected to provide further information on the evolving matter later this week.
Trinidad and Tobago Olympic Committee (TTOC) president Brian Lewis has also vowed to bring the TTGF before an independent disciplinary committee under clause 13 of its constitution, which is titled “Measures and Sanctions.”
Clause 13 states that: .”
(Courtesy Wired868)
All the legal after thoughts will not put back ‘humphy dumpy” together again.
,,,
I hope they all pay #JusticeNeeded
Rock on TnT…what a great island!!
Raven Wilkinson was too dark and was asked to paint her face white for ballet. Surya Bonaly was discriminated against because of her body type and skin colour in figure scating. But i digress……..Gabrielle Christina Victoria Douglas, against all odds, won gold in the 2012 Olympics and was the first black gymnast to win an individual goal award. Karma has a way of claiming its pound of flesh only time will tell.
Bravo!
Go Thema go Thema *happy dance* TTGF gon learn today!
Lol. Alright alright alright…
It’s so unfair and sad ,for Thema she will represent us i sense it , it’s never to late lets keep the Hope alive
impossible.
Ent he on team Duprey as well?
Dear Sc Martin Daly. Thank you. Thank you from the bottom of all of our hearts. Deal with them now for us please. Don’t hold back. Fire!
Stop that Canadian representing us. She and her mother maybe laughing at us Trinidadians. Lets take a stand…..if not Thema no one else.
Shows good judgement
And Brian Lewis need to shut his face the one he is now trying to save. Too little too late Mr Lewis take your TTOC and ride off into the sunset. Hayo Pancho.
Go for the juggler Martin.
noooo…leave the clowns alone Martin!
Team Thema all the way.
I just hope that these individuals are PRIVATELY paying Mr. Maharaj for his services.
It’s bad enough that my tax money funded the TTGF’s bobol and dream-stealing. To fund their coverage of their own asses would just be adding insult to the injury.
And YES – Injury. I feel it too because “Thema Williams” could just as easily have been anyone else’s daughter. >:-(
Very good let them know what they did was not right, and the world is looking on.
They robbed that girl. Bastards !
Make each and every single one accountable for the refusal to follow their own rules and in so doing, irreparably damage this national athlete’s opportunity to compete in Rio!! Nobody is supposed to be above the law. Nobody.
O give it a rest now. More important things to focus on in this country presently. Like job creation, out of control crime,murder rate n high cost of living.
hmmm it may not be important to you FK but it is important to the child involved. The sports fraternity has nothing to do with the list you made…. nothing at all… THAT is the Government’s job…
thank God u have no say in d matter!
Steups… Stupid
We understand the current situation in Trinidad and Tobago sir…and maybe God knows best, because he is in control. However this young lady because of this emotional trauma could have easily gone down the wrong road. Gone into depression, loose her sanity or even worst. I pray that God gives her the strength and courage through this ordeal.
Mr Khan This may not be
Important to you but to myself and many many others THIS issue is vital. Had it happen to your child what would think then?
Don’t bother dat’s just one of Marisa’s supporters! U r a dumb ass bitch and I in mad at ya!
You’re so right Lovie Reds . It’ so damn difficult to deal with fools .
could do without the negative comments
Martin may be a senior counsel but that’s not a synonym of miracle worker. We all know he’ll do his best and add value to the team but LET’S NOT GO COUNTING ANY CHICKENS BEFORE THEY ARE HATCHED. Keith Look Loy is right to urge caution; the law, remember, is an ass. Lifted Toenails
Onycholysis is a condition that occurs when a fingernail or toenail separates from the pink skin on the nail bed. It's usually preceded by a gradual separation that may or may not be noticeable because it typically is not associated with extensive pain. Traumatic injury is the most common cause of onycholysis, according to the Aetna Intelihealth website, although nail fungus contributes to a vast number of cases as well 1. Treatment for a lifted toenail varies depending on the cause.
See your doctor for a definitive diagnosis so that you can treat the underlying disease causing the irritable condition on your toes. Various diseases that can cause onycholysis include hyperthyroidism, diabetes and psoriasis. A fungal infection requires different medication to begin the healing process. Other conditions that can cause toenail lifting include overexposure to ultraviolet light, herpes and medication interactions.
Ingrown Toenail on the Pinky
Learn More
Keep your toenail dry. After a bath or shower, take time to thoroughly dry all sides of your toe by patting gently and holding the towel over the exposed skin to soak up excess moisture. Wait to don socks or shoes until the surface is thoroughly dry.
Trim your nails closely to remove the ends of the toenails that have begun to separate. Use sterile, sharp clippers or scissors. You often can prevent losing the entire nail by cutting it as close as possible to prevent the loose nail portion from catching on a sock or tight shoes.
Common Toenail Problems
Learn More
Wear shoes that give your toenail plenty of room to breathe and that don’t restrict the nail bed or irritate any part of the loose nail. Shoes that pinch or squeeze the affected toes can cause additional complications and impede the healing process.
Take a supplement that contains 2.5 mg of biotin daily. According to MayoClinic.com, the nutrients can help to grow back thicker, more resilient nails.
Tips
Remain patient as your new nail grows back after treating the underlying cause of the onycholysis. It can take anywhere from 8 to 12 months for a new nail to grow back in and cover the nail bed. Women can paint the hard, dry skin after any infections have been cleared up. A painted fake toenail is barely recognizable in sandals or when barefoot.
Warnings
Avoid any chemical irritants that could cause additional complications while your separated toenail heals and grows back. Avoid nail polish remover and harsh soaps and detergents.
Don't bother with soaking your feet in gelatin or taking gelatin tablets or supplements to grow your nails back. MayoClinic.com reports the practice is based on an old wives' tale.
Related Articles
Ingrown Toenail on the Pinky
Learn More
Common Toenail Problems
Learn More
Yellow and Cracked Toenails
Learn More
What to Do for a Ripped-Loose Fingernail?
Learn More
What Causes Fingernails to Split & Dent?
Learn More
How to Treat Toenail Infection With Apple Cider Vinegar
Learn More
How to Kill Toenail Fungus With Bleach
Learn More
How to Flatten a Curved Toenail
Learn More
Ingrown Thumbnail
Learn More
How to Kill Toe Nail Fungus
Learn More
References
- Aetna Intelihealth: Onycholysis
- Mayo Clinic: How to Keep Your Nails Strong
- New Zealand Dermatological Society: Onycholysis
-."Hi! I’m Ramóna and I live in Magyarföld off the grid since my childhood. I have got animals: horses, goats, chickens and bunnies and plenty of non-disturbed land around my place. I live in and with the nature, thus gardening –without any chemicals and in a permaculture way- and building and reconstructing my surrounding –eg. Wooden storage and animal homes-is an everyday duty. I would need a „strong and skillful man-hands” to lift up and/or to repair the stall and other build places, tools. Of course it would be a pleasure to meet someone-s who is open to an experience connected to natural or primal life. When I was a small girl my parents were among the first pioneers of off-grid living (in a yurt that time) in Hungary and started a community living. Thus I think I can share a plenty of experience and show tricks and tips to people who are interested in this way of living. We have got a clean and nice, chill river which offers its water to shower and a great forest. I can offer accommodation in a tent as I don’t have too much place inside my little wooden home. As I’ve got a 9 years old untrained horse I’m also very interested in learning horsemanship from someone who is an expert in it. I would prefer Hungarian speaking people as my English skills are basic. But welcome if this is not a problem for
Tricks and tips of living off the grid in the CEU region. DIY tips.
Wish to have skillfull, strong-handed and ready to work people and who can enjoy natural life
Gesprochene Sprachen
Hungarian: Fließend
Englisch: Grundkenntnisse
Dieser Gastgeber bietet Sprachaustausch an
English or any other is interesting for me.
Tent, currently packed in. Suitable for 2 people sleeping.
Land of great natural "sources": forest, mushroom, herbs, wild-animals experience if you go hiking. In case you wish to visit famous Hungarian places: Őriszentpéter, the cultural heart of"Őrség" is only 10km-s away.Wincanton's focused community website, providing news and information including a full calendar
Headlines » Villages » Horsington
Horsington & South Cheriton Villager Magazine - July/August 2018
Monday 9 July 2018, 16:17
By Jeanne Mortarotti
Summary
-
- Adrian Shaw's poem "The Old Railway Line".
- An article on the Navajo code talkers during World War II, by Sheila Leaning.
- Jeanne Mortarotti watched the Royal Wedding with fellow neighbours, followed by a village BBQ.
- A call for Finger Posts restoration around our villages from Robin Worsley.
- And all the traditional news from Horsington Church and local associations.
- Summer bonus: a crossword to relax your mind in the heat!
- Arts/Entertainment
- Business
- Charity
- Churches/Religion
- Clubs/Associations
- Community
- Councils
- Courses/Education
- Crime/Police
- Events
- Food & Drink
- Have Your Say
- Health & Fitness
- Jobs
- Miscellaneous
- Nature
- Neighbourhood
- Politics
- Schools/Children
- Service Providers
- Shopping/Retail
- Sport
- Villages
- Wincanton Window
Login to comment!August 20, 2018 In Architecture, Construction, Photography, Time-lapse
Time-Lapse for Richard Crookes Molecular Horizons Building
We are happy to announce our latest time-lapse project is up and running for our client Richard Crookes Construction at Wollongong University.The 18-month project will form the hub of a truly integrated ‘UOW Science Precinct.’ The project comprises a 5-storey building of 7000 square metres separated across two wings. The building will house a number of high end electron microscopes and ancillary equipment that will propel the university to a global level in innovative health research.
We are the number one choice for time-lapse video companies, time-lapse photography, and time-lapse video production.
Need time-lapse for any project from Melbourne to Sydney? Get in contact with our team today.It was then that Mock's father, C.D. Mock, a wrestling coach at UNC-Chapel Hill, started blogging about his son's case. First he left a lengthy comment on Luther's story, telling his son's version of the story in graphic detail and adding, "[M]y strong and now experienced advice to you is if you choose to have sexual relations with a girl, get her on video on your phone consenting verbally." (It's still there.)
And then Mock senior also started a blog, where he's continued to insist that his son is being railroaded by The Feminists. He says UTC, Jessica Luther and everyone else is pushing "a man-hating feminist agenda that now has schools handcuffed through Title IX." He also dislikes the "yes means yes" standard of consent, which he argues leaves little choice but for men to film the women they're having sex with to prove they consented, which even he admits is a "stupid" idea (also potentially criminal, if she's under 18 or isn't aware she's being filmed, but we'll leave that for another time). He also opines that the real way to prevent rape in college is to return to "Christian values" in society. From a post he wrote on Christmas Day:
The solution is common sense. Women are going to be sexually assaulted. And, men are going to be falsely accused of sexual assault. We have allowed our entire society to be so sexually open that these young people are bombarded constantly via TV, movies, magazines, internet, etc. with SEX every hour of every day. The feminist activist groups take the position that the answer to this problem is to lock up every male accused of sexual assault. They react this way because for years it was extremely difficult for a rape victim to get a fair shake in the legal system let alone at schools that brushed them under the carpet. My own opinion is we need to get some Christian values back into society but we all know that isn't going to happen in this day and age. So, rather than preaching for a better world, let's at least recognize this isn't working and maybe we can do better.
How about this? Let's all acknowledge this "yes means yes" idea sucks. The idea that college kids are going to whip out cell phones and record their partner saying "yes" just before sex is just stupid. It's only a matter of time before guys figure this out and just start arguing that "the girl said yes", even if she didn't. Now what? Now we just assume all men are lying? It's a totally stupid idea and it will never last and until it changes many more of us will be the carnage of "falsely accused".
Mock doesn't have another solution to take the place of "yes means yes," and his understanding of sexual consent seems... shaky:
Few would argue that if a female is fully conscious, kissing and making sexual advances to a male, that this does not constitute "consent". Now, consent to what? Only the female knows this. Once actions that clearly constitute some form of sexual activity exist, the female needs to say "no" to set the lines of behavior for it not to go further. So, the male knows either by a verbal "yes" or by her clear actions that he has a green light. That green light exists until she puts out the red light, which she can do at anytime with either a verbal "no" or any reasonable form of resistance.
In other words, the only possible way to say no to sex is a "verbal no or any reasonable form of resistance." Mock denies that Morris was ever unconscious or too drunk to consent, and does it in the nastiest way possible:
The idea that a woman who is intoxicated has no control is ridiculous. Hate to break it to you feminists out there but the whole idea on college campus' today is to drink alcohol in social environments to reduce inhibitions. I agree that at some point given enough alcohol one becomes unconscious and incapable of control; no one would disagree that person needs to be protected. But, to suggest that a girl who has had two drinks is incapable of saying "no" is ludicrous. Let's poll college girls to find the truth on this; not old, single hags who hate men and have nothing to do but lobby politicians.
That's a reference to those "man-hating feminists" who run everything, from the court system to the media to each individual college. Mock also doesn't seem quite clear on whether having sex with an unconscious person would constitute rape.
The blog is an enormous mess and also just a generally bad idea, which Mock seems to be slowly realizing: after a story about it on news station WRAL, he wrote a post claiming that his real aim is to protect women, but that the WRAL reporter "threw me under the bus. I knew it was a risk, but I felt it was worth the risk. I was wrong. It was a mistake."
He also defended this tweet:
And now his son is returning to campus. A Davidson County Chancery Court judge agreed to let Corey Mock go back to school pending a final ruling on his expulsion appeal. He'll be able to take spring semester classes (his last semester, since he's a senior). It's not clear yet whether he'll be allowed to graduate. His father says he won't rest until he's cleared his son's name. In the meantime, Morris has filed a Title IX complaint alleging that UTC mishandled her case, triggering an investigation by the Department of Education's Office of Civil Rights. She's also left UTC and moved back to New Mexico.
Screengrab via WRAL
DISCUSSION
"Your likely another woman who wants to be able to go party and have zero accountability"
Because leaving the house and having a few drinks makes you a whore that deserves to be raped, right?Amazon kindle shop. On-line shopping from a splendid selection at kindle keep keep. Amazon try top kindle save abebooks books, artwork & collectibles acx audiobook publishing made easy. Satisfactory dealers in crime, thriller & mystery amazon. Amazon first-class dealers kindle keep purchase a kindle kindle books kindle unlimited kindle singles kindle each day deals loose satisfactory sellers in crime, thriller. The top a hundred excellent loose kindle books on amazon « virtual. Get hold of a every day electronic mail when the pinnacle 100 satisfactory free kindle books list is updated. Amazon kindle ebooks kindle save literature &. Kindle ebooks store. The amazon kindle save offers a great choice of kindle ebooks so you can bask in your love of analyzing. Escape to another global in a. Unfastened ebooks every day the high-quality source totally free kindle books!. Want unfastened kindle books? We publish 10 to fifteen unfastened and good buy kindle books each day! As a minimum four of those are loose kindle books. Make certain to sign up beneath to get hold of. Excellent loose on-line books for kindle gizmo's freeware. Creation. This is the most complete list of prison and loose ebooks for the kindle having over 150 websites that legally offer loose kindle ebooks. High-quality dealers in kindle save amazon. Amazon first-class sellers. About quality sellers in kindle keep these lists, up to date hourly, e-book depository books with free delivery worldwide.
Kindle cloud reader. Kindle cloud reader helps you to examine ebooks immediately to your internet browser no kindle tool required. Kindle+books ebay. Discover exquisite offers on ebay for kindle+books and kindle e books. Store with confidence. Satisfactory free kindle books (334 books) goodreads. Excellent free kindle books the exceptional reads to be had free of charge (or have been to be had for free) for the kindle. All votes add. Loose technology fiction on kindle list of amazon sci fi first-rate. Present day free scifi worth reading on amazon. Direct links to the unfastened technological know-how fiction kindle bestseller lists on amazon. Nice unfastened kindle books (334 books) goodreads. 334 books based totally on 345 votes pleasure and prejudice with the aid of jane austen, fifty sunglasses of gray with the aid of e.L. James, the emperor's facet by lindsay buroker, the adventur. 28 locations to get unfastened kindle books thebalance. You may get loose kindle books in every style and challenge. Find out the quality locations to visit down load free kindle books on your e-book reader. Amazon's pinnacle one hundred unfastened kindle ebooks mobileread. · amazon's pinnacle a hundred loose kindle ebooks consumer call recollect me? Password notices amazon seemingly has a page that lists the top 100 free kindle books. Amazon pleasant sellers pleasant kindle store. Find out the high-quality kindle save in nice sellers. Locate the top 100 most popular items in amazon kindle keep high-quality sellers.
Kindle E-book Coupon Code
Amazon kindle. Kindle.Amazon is a internet site dedicated to making reading better with the aid of bringing readers collectively and by means of assisting them to examine more from the books that they study.
Romance in kindle top 100 romance books & romance. Pinnacle one hundred romance books & romance novels (pinnacle 100 books) e-book stephanie king, john greene, nicholas black amazon.In kindle to download the free kindle. Top 10 of amazon’s loose united kingdom kindle keep. About nice sellers in kindle ebooks these lists, up to date hourly, include bestselling objects. For nonu.K. Customers, kindle content material availability and pricing will range. Omnivoracious. About the amazon e book assessment at the start released in 2007 as omnivoracious (“hungry for the next proper e book”), the amazon e book assessment has served as the. Exceptional free kindle books (334 books) goodreads. 334 books primarily based on 345 votes delight and prejudice by jane austen, fifty sun shades of gray by e.L. James, the emperor's edge by lindsay buroker, the adventur. Allnew kindle ereader black, 6" glarefree amazon.In. Allnew kindle kindle paperwhite kindle voyage kindle oasis; store now keep now store now shop now; charge five,999.00 starting at 10,999.00 starting at sixteen,499.00. Kindle cloud reader. Kindle cloud reader helps you to examine ebooks immediately to your internet browser no kindle device required.
Top 100 free kindle books. Top 100 free kindle books; ny times best provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon © 2015 top 100 free books.
Share Kindle Books On Ipad
pinnacle a hundred loose great sellers in kindle ebooks amazon. Amazon high-quality sellers. Approximately fine dealers in kindle ebooks these lists, up to date hourly, book depository books with free transport international. Amazon kindle android apps on google play. The kindle app puts hundreds of thousands of books at your fingertips. It’s the app for every reader, whether you’re a book reader, magazine reader, or newspaper. Free kindle books from amazon english heidoc. Loose bestsellers for amazon kindle (united states of america). Hourly updates. Find out about free books after they end up to be had, and enroll in our publication. Amazon unfastened kindle books pinnacle 100. Amazon unfastened kindle books top one hundred. The grand excursion watch now. Amazon attempt prime all move. Keep by means of branch. Hey. Register your account. Unfastened download of a hundred kindle books at no cost on amazon. Get a kindle? Here's the pinnacle a hundred loose books, offers on amazon. Kindle+books ebay. Discover top notch deals on ebay for kindle+books and kindle e books. Store with self belief. The a hundred nice free books for kindle digital developments. You should not constantly need to pay for a good read. Right here are our picks for the first-class unfastened books for kindle that have fallen into public area or promoting.
Amazon best sellers quality kindle ebooks. Find out the pleasant kindle ebooks in great dealers. Discover the pinnacle 100 most famous items in amazon kindle shop excellent sellers. Amazon's pinnacle 100 free ebooks for kindle dealsplus. Discover and share deals and coupons on amazon's top a hundred unfastened ebooks for kindle at it facilitates me to find greater books to down load for free. Reply. Ragingwookiee. The one hundred pleasant loose books for kindle virtual trends. You should not usually must pay for a very good study. Right here are our alternatives for the satisfactory loose books for kindle which have fallen into public area or merchandising. Amazon kindle ebooks kindle save literature &. Kindle ebooks shop. The amazon kindle keep gives a large selection of kindle ebooks so you can take pleasure in your love of reading. Escape to another world in a. Pinnacle 100 loose kindle books. Top one hundred loose kindle books; big apple instances quality offer a method for websites to earn advertising and marketing charges by way of advertising and marketing and linking to amazon © 2015 pinnacle 100 free books.What's the Difference Between a Guardianship and a Conservatorship?
Guardianship is a legal arrangement that places an individual, known as a ward or protected person, under the supervision of a guardian. Guardianship deals with a person’s body and health.
Conservatorship deals with the person’s money and property. The same person can hold both roles, but they are separate functions.
Guardianship of Elderly Parent or a Minor
A protected person can be a minor with or without a parent or an adult. The protected person can no longer make sound decisions about one’s self or one’s finances. A guardian is typically a family member, friend or fiduciary appointed by the court.
A guardian is sometimes appointed for a child when the parent is still alive but is unable to provide shelter and basic needs, has no steady income, is ill, or incarcerated. Unlike an adoption, under a guardianship, a parent may remain responsible for supporting the child financially and does not necessarily forfeit the parental rights. In most instances, parental approval of a guardianship is sought prior to any legal proceeding.
Guardianship of Elderly Parent
Conservatorship grants authority over the protected person’s financial matters such as paying bills, transferring funds between accounts, withdrawing monies, selling valuables and real estate, making investment decisions, and redirecting inheritances to others.
Guardianship grants authority over the protected person’s personal well-being including making important life decisions such as marrying and voting. A guardian is normally tasked with determining and maintaining residence, providing consent to and supervising medical treatment, consenting to and supervising behavioral counseling and psychiatric treatment, maintaining the protected person’s autonomy, making end-of-life decisions and funeral arrangements. Guardianship also grants authority over the protected person’s driver license, residence, firearms, and lawsuits.
Right to Due Process
To safeguard the rights to due process, the protected person is usually provided with notice of a guardianship action and is entitled to attend legal proceedings related to guardianship. The protected person may be represented by an attorney, present evidence, confront those desiring the guardianship, and cross-examine witnesses.
Don't Wait For a Crisis
The time to put legal plans in place is before a crisis occurs. Couples with children and adults with elderly parents can protect their loved ones in case something happens that causes temporary or permanent incapacity, issues that are hard to anticipate.
Call us today at 205-663-0281 for a free consultation. John R. Holliman or Melanie B. Holliman (formerly Melanie B. Bradford) will help you assess if a conservatorship or guardianship is right so that you can take care of your loved one.
We treat you like family. Whether a guardianship or conservatorship, the ultimate goal is to protect your loved ones in a manner that is effective, legal and ethical.
Contact us at 205-663-0281 for your free consultation by phone or by secure video conference.
We are disinfecting our offices more than ever, and we will minimize any face-to-face meetings for now to protect your health.
In the meantime, we can work together very effectively by using the phone, secure video conferencing, email, and paper mail to meet your legal needs. We can be ready when the Probate Courts that are closing reopen.
John Holliman and Melanie B. Holliman, AttorneysOn Fri, 2007-04-13 at 12:18 -0600, Dave Smith wrote: > Dr. Scott S. Jones wrote: > > What might cause this when pasting text into VIM and how can I correct it? > > > > Before you paste, do this: > > :set noautoindent Or this: :set paste -- :BookshelfFrom plagiarism to predatory journals: academic misconduct, misrepresentation, and gaming Posted on March 20, 2019July 8, 2019by Katerina Guba When we hear the words academic misconduct, we usually think of individuals involved in plagiarism and other kinds of unethical scholarly behavior, and less often of organizations implicated in such affairs. […] Read More No comments yetFind out why Aura has a 4.7 rating on 17,000 reviews within the App Store and a 4.5 rating on more than 7,000 opinions in the Google Play Store. Available on the iTunes App Store and also choose gadgets running Android! These are tools and apps that have been specifically designed to hack Android apps and devices. In truth, ever since I began using Stremio, it has change into one among my common streaming tools. You’ll be able to set up Youtube Tv app on Firestick by means of many ways but utilizing Downloader is an best and quick technique and we suggest identical. Apps that give children follow in utilizing easy multimedia instruments for to create tales and books (using audio, photographs, animation, פיתוח אפליקציות and video), edit their work, after which share with others. Appropriate instruments and efficient procedures resolve this downside successfully. Nowadays the procedures of drawing-up, signing and storing of the Releases has become extremely quick and easy.
There are two main subcategories of Model Releases often used: Adult Release (for adults) and Minor Release (for minors). It’s too dangerous Google cannot acceptable the iPad’s capability to split the keyboard to make it nearer to the person’s two thumbs in landscape. It is a spot to express yourself, make stunning photo and video, and connect with a inventive group. When contributing to inventory photo companies, you will need to attach the appropriate Releases to your pictures (as well as vector illustrations and other media information) if you need them to be bought below a Commercial license. Within the case of Minor Release, the minor’s guardian or tutor should signal the document on behalf of the minor. Plus, you should ensure that the Releases have the right format and content to be valid at most stock photograph companies. Try the top Grossing Photo & Video Apps Worldwide for October 2019 right here.
This offers lots of information to examine earlier than taking things any additional. Personalised conversation: The way and the tone during which your model interacts with your audiences matters a lot. Love Hurts is a brand new thrilling game created by XiMAD. XiMAD is similar firm that released enjoyable games like Platinum Roulette, Best Tic Tac Toe, and Droplets for cellular apps lovers. Have enjoyable with top-of-the-line pill drawing apps! Among the best iPhone apps for professional photographers, Exify is a bunch of tools rather than a camera or editor. Every platform has its integrated surroundings that will present particular instruments in order that app builders can put apps into the platform setting. Our workforce of developers consists of individuals who’ve gain experience in each sector of improvement and might present 360-degree mobile apps options. You can rent builders for פיתוח אפליקציות every aspect of development whether you need a native or hybrid app. I’m hoping you didn’t get bit by ToTok, but when you did, it’s a useful reminder that even the perfect-looking apps that stay in the top charts on the world’s greatest app playgrounds can still act in unhealthy faith. Mobile apps that are reviewed beneath (mixed with superior trendy devices) replace inconvenient paper Releases with a extra productive digital workflow.
It needs to be pointed out that educational iPhone apps for kids can be found at reasonably priced value. If you wish to suggest other essential apps on this record, then inform us within the remark field beneath. But as a photographer, it does not make much sense to spend time and effort in creating these documents when there are numerous assets to get normal versions of Releases you could then customize or simply fill in and use. If you don’t have the fitting artistic design for the app and unnecessary related icons are stuffed, then apple will reject the app. Watch the trailer for iPad below and purchase this amazing App! The great number of purposes has made it difficult for inexperienced persons to choose up the best app for cell phone tracking. With one exception, where I was exterior i5apps my phone community coverage, and Waze was therefore unable to get updates, i5apps it has been like a sixth sense. As a PAYG buyer on GiffGaff in the UK, this makes Waze very affordable for me, with about 20p a day information cost, or simply included on a month-to-month tariff.
He stated the info shows that shopper demand for mobile apps is at an all-time excessive. Here you will find the very best cell apps to create and sort Model and Property Releases in a simple and handy way. Model Release helps the permission of the individual (model) to be photographed by you and to let you utilize their image in your pictures in a decided way (which incorporates sale purposes). Property Release confirmes that the owner of private property (buildings, mechanisms, wares, artworks, pets, etc.) permits you to take a photo of their property and use the final picture in a decided manner (which includes sale purposes). Most of the top stock and microstock photo companies, like Getty Images, פיתוח אפליקציות have their very own Standard Releases, פיתוח אפליקציות and the ASMP additionally provides Release templates. Our choice was determined by the need to review them in terms of performance required for effectively create and work with a simple Model Release and/or Property Release.Today in Nike v. Adidas (Fed. Cir. 2016), the Federal Circuit partially relaxed the hurdle for a patent owner to amend claims during an IPR or other AIA proceeding. This follows the PTAB’s own earlier partial relaxation of the hurdle for patent owners to amend in its Masterimage decision (featured in an earlier post: “What Is the Latest on Amendments in PTAB Proceedings?”), in which the PTAB found that patent owners need not show patentability over all prior art in the universe, but only that known to the patentee. In today’s Nike decision, the court found that itor. We therefore conclude that this was an improper ground on which to deny Nike’s motion to amend.”
Insufficient fact-finding
The court also found error in the PTAB’s decision to group two proposed claims together and not separately evaluate patentability due to distinct limitations. . See Ariosa, 805 F.3d at 1365 (‘But we must not ourselves make factual and discretionary determinations that are for the agency to make.’).” This represented another issue on which the court decided to remand the case to the PTAB.
Failure to address secondary considerations
The court further found that the PTAB had failed to clearly address evidence of secondary considerations presented by the patent owner, holding that  ‘only a skeletal or undeveloped argument to the
trial court’). Under the particular circumstances presented here, however, we conclude that the Board should have explicitly acknowledged and evaluated Nike’s secondary considerations evidence.” There have been several recent cases in which the Federal Circuit has reminded the Board of the importance of carefully addressing evidence of secondary considerations.2013 Fed 100
Name: Gwynne Kostin Title: Director of the Digital Services Innovation Center, Office of Citizen Services and Innovative TechnologiesAgency: General Services Administration
The collaboration catalyst. Within six months of the Digital Government Strategy’s release, Kostin had created a virtual center to promote collaboration on digital services. The center built and deployed shared resources to help agencies deliver services anywhere, anytime and on any device. Kostin also convened hackathons and wikithons to exchange ideas for improving digital services. “Gwynne is an amazing catalyst for collaboration and an inspirational thought leader,” said Dave McClure, associate administrator of the Office of Citizen Services and Innovative Technologies. “She has successfully engaged creative, talented experts across government to work together on the key efforts required by the strategy.”For the first time for the SMB, Google is providing human interaction in the form of the Tag and Boost teams. Google, to their credit, recognized the need for both outbound calling and some level of support in the SMB market place.
But in an effort to cram every business and every problem into the same scalable system, a not small number of businesses are getting very upset. Unlike most businesses that put in place processes with a goal to satisfy every customer, Google has always taken the perspective that if you scale worldwide there will always be some statistically acceptable low level of failure in every process including customer service. Their business processes and algo’s do not seem flexible enough to ever achieve “customer delight” in say the manner of an Apple.
Here are two recent examples that demonstrate the problems that Google is facing on the customer service front. The first being predicated on quirks in their algo and the second on a lack of flexibility and clarity in their promotional efforts.
The Bayfront Westcott House Bed and Breakfast, has had a Tag promoting his bed and breakfast in St. Augustine Fl. Unfortunately, his listing has merged with that of the B&B right next door. Given how Google’s algo works and some bad luck on the phone number choice when he bought his business, it is understandable from a technical sense. It is not understandable in the very real sense of him running his business. He and I called Tags #800 a number of weeks ago and were told that the problem was being elevated. Weeks may be moments to Google but they are years to the typical SMB.
He sent me this email, dripping with more than a little sarcasm, this morning in response to a Christmas card from Google:
I’m glad someone gets millions out of google!!!
Joy and Andrew Warren
Proprietors
The Bayfront Westcott House
—–Original Message—–
From: Google <google-noreply@google.com>
To: OntheBay@westcotthouse.com
Cc:
Date: Thu, 16 Dec 2010 07:11:08 -0600
Subject: Millions of Happier New Years
Dear Andrew,.
In the second instance, several SMB with multiple locations misunderstood the fine print of “Your free trial comes with no strings attached”. In a post titled Very unhappy with the transparency of the Tags free trial two businesses describe their confusion and lack of appropriate response.
They thought that no strings attached meant no strings attached and attempted to apply the promo to multiple locations. When at the end of the month they received a bill for all of those locations except one they discovered that not only were there a few strings attached but that Google felt no responsibility to adjust the situation.
This whole tag trial has been a nightmare for us.
Google sales rep incorrectly set us up for 3 locations (she called to introduce the offer & walked us through it over the phone), never saying the trial was for only one. She even tried to get us to ‘do a trial on all locations’! Good thing we didn’t or things would be worse. Google customer service won’t fix. Our trial started 10/26; we canceled it on 11/26, and got a bill for the entire month of November. I’ve called the rep Rachel 4 times at 800-838-7969 and she won’t return calls. Still waiting to speak w/Chris Cybuch, her supervisor.
The Google Places Team or local-help@google.com gave me this most recent response: “While I understand you do not think the charges were legitimate, I’d strongly urge you to check the Billing Tab of your Google Places account which shows you the period your tag was active – thus accruing legitimate costs. Although I am happy to assist you , I am unable to provide any different resolution, as our processes are standard for all advertisers. I’d like to reiterate that we will not be able to offer a refund or a credit.”
So, cookie-cutter response to a problem that is not cookie-cutter. I’m looking to see how else to escalate.
In one case, a paying customer is caught up in the messiness of “THE ALGO” chasing his tail and the other caught in the maws of less than clear self service. Nobody expects perfection in the real world. But SMBs, from their own exprience, expect a willingness and expediency in solving problems.
In both cases, their expectation of assistance went unrewarded. In both cases, there should have been discretion and the ability for staff to intervene quickly and efficiently. Apparently, there isn’t and instead of fixing the problems quickly, Google too is left chasing its tail, wasting time and money on answering the phones but not providing service.
To paraphrase Shakespeare; Hell hath no fury like an SMB scorned.Google Places: Problems in Tag land- Hell hath no fury like an SMB scorned! by Mike Blumenthal
One thought on “Google Places: Problems in Tag land- Hell hath no fury like an SMB scorned!”
Nice article Mike! Yes we’re still getting reports of Google calling on businesses and leaving messages. Business owners universally have NO TRUST in these phone calls. Business owners think it’s just a scam or someone posing as Google. They never believe it’s actually Google calling to “help them with their rankings”, as the messages indicate.
But, yes, it’s actually Google. But they don’t really want to help you with your ranking. They want to sell you Boost. This is the same business model as the other directories which offer you a free listing and then upsell you to a premium version for a fee.
Until now I’ve appreciated the “informative” performance updates Google sends out, but I’m expecting them to quickly turn into spammy upselling devices that business owners resent entirely.Yesterday in New York City, Snoop Dogg held a press conference in Miss Lily’s restaurant and announced his transformation into Snoop Lion. Honestly, it did sound like one elaborate practical joke but after seeing this trailer and hearing Snoop tell it himself, it’s quite real and endearing. “I wanted to make music that feels good. I wanted to perform for kids and my grandparents,” Snoop said at the press conference. “Rap is not a challenge to me… They can’t f**k with me in rap”
VICE & Snoopadelic Films take us on a journey following Snoop as he goes to Jamaica to record the REINCARNATED album with Diplo. Snoop is embraced by the locals and the culture of the island. The doc will be premiering at the Toronto International Film Festival September 7{100+} Happy Birthday Wishes, Messages & Quotes for Lover / Love
Birthdays are reasons for celebrations. These are occasions when you not only want to live the day to the fullest but also spread cheer, fun and happiness. It’s your day, and you want to be the best and receive the best. Say happy birthday my love to your lover on his special day with our special quotes and messages. A set of these birthday wishes to my love are chosen for your lovely partner.:
Contents
Happy Birthday Wishes for Lover:
Sweetheart, I treasure you more than I treasure all my possessions, including my life itself. Nothing short of death will ever have the power to keep me from being with you and making you happy all the days of your life.
I wish your birthday is as beautiful and full of love as you are. You deserve only the best, and I wish that for you Best wishes my love..
Just like the day doesn’t start without the sun, my life doesn’t start without your touch. Thank you for being the best in the world.
I have never met a person as sweet as you in my whole life. Let’s celebrate your sweetness and your Birthday by eating sweet cake and drinking sweet wine!.:
May you be gifted with life’s biggest joys and never-ending bliss. After all, you yourself are a gift to earth, so you deserve the best.
Your birthday is the first day of another 365-day journey. Be the shining thread in the beautiful tapestry of the world to make this year the best ever.
Poets and painters express my feelings best. My poor self can only say: Happy Birthday, and I love U.
This day is the best day of the year because on this day the love of my life was born. Happy Birthday! I love U.
Closing the doors on the world so we can be together is where I find the most joy. Happy Birthday!. Happy Birthday, Sweetheart. I love U.
I’m really blessed to have you in my life, as nothing could be more special than the day when you came into this world. So thank you and a very happy birthday to a very special person.
I wish you happy birthday wishes and I look forward to making your birthday a very special and unforgettable day! Get ready for a special gift on a special day, my boyfriend.
There is no present good enough to show you how much I love you, so for your birthday, I give you my heart.
Happy Birthday to.
Roses and chocolates are on their way from the one who adores you the most. Happy Birthday, darling..
If I have only one choice to live two days, I would wish you love me one day and the other day I will love you. Happy Birthday, Sweet Heart..
To live my life with you is all I desire, Happy Birthday!
I hope your birthday is as wonderful as you are! Live it like a king!
Birthdays pass quickly, but our love will always remain.
I draw a circle around you: not a heart because a heart can break, but a circle goes on forever. Happy Birthday, sweetheart. a card will do wonders. These birthday quotes for your baby girl are sure to remain in her heart forever. The b.day quotes for love are written with respect and emotions that are true to you and your love. These are the best quotation ever.
Birthday Messages for Lover:
I love you for how you are and the way you make me feel whenever we are together. Therefore, I would like to wish you the best birthday, and that all your dreams come true. I want you to have full happiness forever.
Although it may seem impossible, the truth is that with each passing day, I love you a little more, and our love cannot be defeated. You are with the only one with whom I would like to spend my life and the rest of your birthdays.!
Sweet, smart, good-looking, funny. I could go on and on listing the ways that I think that you are great. And you would probably just sit there and let me too. How about if I just say Happy Birthday.
May you have all of the successes and achievement you want in life, I am always with you in all circumstances. Have a wonderful day. Happy Birthday To You. be free of obstacles. May every corner bring pleasant surprises. May every door you enter bring good fortune. May this day be the happiest of birthdays for you.
I may not be able to give you the best gifts today, but my thoughts and wishes are with you on this special..Luda's back!
On Friday (May 22), the 42-year-old rap veteran dropped his new single “S.O.T.L. (Silence of the Lambs)” featuring Lil Wayne. The Timbaland-produced track marks Ludacris’ first solo release since his 2017 single “Vices.”
As fans know, Luda teased "S.O.T.L.," which reflects on his 20+ year rap career, during his Verzuz battle with Nelly earlier this month, and came under fire for a controversial lyric he spits on the track. While the rapper-turned-actor makes a number of celebrity references on the song — he mentions Tekashi 6ix9ine, Kendall Jenner and more — his mentioning of R. Kelly and Bill Cosby caused quite the uproar.
"The world screwed if ni**as pouring drinks like Bill Huxtable," he rapped before adding, "I love R. Kelly but around my daughters, I'm not comfortable."Free Download Inshot Pro Mod APK 1.753.1333 (Fully Unlocked + No Watermark) latest version 2021 and fully unlimited all features Inshot Pro Mod APK download for free and high speed and 100% working.
InShot is probably the most favorite Video enhancing software Right now. It is a utility used to edit movies for Tiktok, YouTube, Instagram or Facebook. It has greater than 100 million downloads on Google Play ever since its launch, and you may see that this app is high #8 Grossing and likewise within the Editor’s Choice class. In normal, it’s a utility that ought to be accessible for lovers of constructing movies. Even in case you are knowledgeable however simply need to create movies for as shortly as you need. You could make quick enjoyable movies with just some easy instruments from this Application.
Inshot Pro Apk
Inshot is a very Free Application for each Android consumer. In the Free Version, you’ll have to see Ads for a lot of occasions, which is so irritation whereas enhancing movies Right? Well, It will include an ‘InShot’ Watermark after exporting the video you have got made. To take away these annoying Advertisements and Watermark, You need to Buy Their Pro Pack which is able to value you around $30. That’s big am I proper?
Well, for those who purchase the Inshot Pro APP you’ll capable of taking away adverts and likewise the watermark. With the inShot Pro Unlimited Subscription, you have got entry to All Premium options and paid to enhance supplies together with Stickers, Filter packages and so forth.
InShot MOD APK
Now, If you need to enter all of the premium options then you must capable of unlocking all Pro Features for Free to make use of. No Virus It is totally secure on your Android Device.
How to Download Inshot Pro APK?
So, if you wish to obtain the InShot Pro Mod APK in your Android telephone then you have got visited on the precise web page. We have uploaded it to our web site. Download it from beneath Download Link.
- Click on the Below Download button.
- You shall be redirected to the download web page.
- The obtain will Start Automatically.
Inshot Pro This app is the latest version 2020 update you can play easily and you can win very easy and simple today I will give you Inshot Pro for free with high-speed download links. so click the download button and wight 10 seconds then click the high-speed download link and get started downloading very fast. You can Download ORG on GooglePlay Inshot Pro.
Remember: StoreplayApk.com all the time present real apps, all apps are updated with the newest model of that apk.
Download Inshot Pro Mod APK
Best FREE HD Video Editor and Video Maker with all options, trim & minimize video/film, blur background, and no crop, add music and video results!
InShot – Featured by Google Play, high film maker and HD professional video editor with music, helps you create a video with ease, edit video for YouTube, Instagram, Tik Tok, Facebook, Messenger, Whatsapp, Twitter, and so forth.
Also Download: Ibis Paint X Pro Apk Latest 6.3.0 Download (Fully Unlocked)
Features:
Video Trimmer & Video Cutter & Video Splitter
* Trim and minimize video. Pro video trimmer & cutter and video crop app.
* Split movies into two components, Multi-split movies into a number of clips.
* Crop video and Export it in HD high quality. Easy-to-use free filmmaker & vertical professional video editor for YouTube.
Video Merger & Video Joiner
Merge a number of clips into one. It is a free video maker for YouTube, Instagram,Musical.ly, Tik Tok, and so forth. helps break up, trim & minimize video, mix and compress video without shedding high quality. No crop app for Instagram & Whatsapp.
Music, Sound results & Recorder
* Add InShot featured free music, Vlog music or your individual music.
* Add your individual voice to your video, like a recorder.
* Adjust music quantity and music fade in/out choice.
* Video making utility with Vlog music. Adding music to movies like Vinkle.
Video Filters and Video Effects
- Add film model video filters and full results akin to Glitch impact, cease movement, Old TV, RGB, and so forth.
- Adjust video brightness, distinction, saturation, and so forth. Customized video filters and video results.
Text & Sticker
* Add textual content on video, many fonts for the textual content enhancing.
* Add animated stickers and emoji. 1000+ stickers!
* Add customized memes and pictures.
Video Speed Control
* Adjust video velocity with video filters and video results. Fast/Slow movement full-screen video maker and free video trimmer and filmmaker app.
* Speed up movies or add sluggish movement.
Video Converter & Photo Slideshow Maker
* Easily convert video to MP4 format. Free video cutter app.
Photo slideshow maker, merge pictures to create slideshow with music.
* Mix pictures with movies, add customized photograph cowl for video.
Video Cropper
* Crop video in any ratios. Powerful filmmaker and professional video editor for YouTube, Instagram, Musical.ly, Tik Tok, and so forth. Best video crop app and video enhancing app.
* Crop video to take away watermark or any undesirable half.
* Zoom in/out video.
Flip & Rotate Video
* Rotate video by 90 levels.
* Flip video as much as down or left to proper.
* Fast rotate video instruments for video enhancing.
Video Ratio & Video Background
* Fit your video in any Aspect Ratio. Easy-to-use Instagram video editor and Tik Tok editor.
* Add totally different borders and no crop. Background coloration and video blur editor.
Easy to Share
* Custom video export decision, HD professional video editor (1080P or 4K) , skilled filmmaker
* Share to all social apps YouTube, Instagram, IGTV, Facebook, Whatsapp, Tik Tok, and so forth.
Collage & Photo Editor
* Lots of fashionable layouts.
* Unique filters & colorful backgrounds, blur background.
* Multiple ratios supported. Cute body. enjoyable memes.
InShot is a robust full-screen video maker & video trimmer, finest video editor with all options, free photograph slideshow maker. It’s nice for reducing, trimming and splitting an extended video into quick video clips. The blur software additionally helps blur the background on your movies and pictures.
With InShot, you possibly can simply add music to video, add textual content on video, flip & rotate video, merge video. The fast/slow movement function is tremendously enjoyable. InShot is a free HD full-screen video editor and video cutter. You can crop video simply and export it without shedding high quality, and share your movies to Instagram, IGTV, Facebook, Whatsapp, YouTube, Twitter and Messenger by one click on, or edit video with music and pic for Tik Tok.
Please Support:
Conclusion
I hope to enjoy my website if you like Inshot Pro so please support and comment on bookmark storeplapk.com and share your friends and relatives every day upload a new game and app you remember to visit this website have a great day.About this book
My library
Books on Google Play
means whereby Christ communicateth to his people the benefits of redemption.
1. God has peremptorily required this, Luke xiii. 24. Strive to enter in at the strait gate,' namely, that we strive in the appointed means of grace and salvation. And so he has particularly enjoined us the conscientious performance of each of them.
2. We have no ground to expect grace or salvation but in the use of the means, Prov. viii. 34. • Blessed is the man that heareth me, watching daily at my gates, waiting at the posts of my doors, Prov. ii. 3.-5. If thou criest after knowledge, and liftest up thy voice for understanding: if thou seekest her as silver, and searchest for her as for hid treasures : then shalt thou understand the fear of the Lord, and find the knowledge of God.' • Faith cometh by hearing,i. dence gives us for attending upon them, a careful improvement of them, and a looking earnestly to him for his blessing upon them, without which they will not contribute to our spiritual advantage, 1 Cor. iii. 6, 7.31
Quest. What is our ability in this point! Ans. The use of outward means is not beyond our reach. One
One may without saving grace, read, hear, pray, and consider his case. And by these one may attain the highest pitch of preparation for the
grace of God, in legal convictions, fears, sorrows for sin, and natural (though not saving) desires of fore, do what ye can; it may be, while ye are doing what yecan, God will do for
you
what ye cannot do for yourselves, Acts viii. 22.
Quest. Has God promised to save and convert those who do what is in their power in the use of means? Ans. We dare not say it. But, 1. It is possible. 2. It is probable *.
I shall conclude with two inferences.
grace. There
* See all this illustrated in Human Nature in its Fourfold State, State ii, head 3. under the title, Objections answered.
Inf. 1. Then as ever ye would escape God's wrath and curse due to you for sin, repent and believe. Come to Christ; turn from your sins unto God. There is no safety otherwise, but this way ye shall be safe. No sin of your's will ruin you, if you believe and repent; and nothing will save you, if you do not.
2. Be diligent in the use of the means of salvation. They are laid before you, while they are by the sovereign dispasal of Providence, kept up from others. Neglect them not, as ye would not be found to reject the counsel of God against yourselves. And satisfy not yourselves in the bare use of them, but seek grace and salvation in them from Jesus Christ, they being the appointed means of grace.
1
OF FAITH IN JESUS CHRIST.
JOHN i. 12.- But as many as received him, to them gave he
power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name.
may
F AITH in Jesus Christ being the main thing required for
one's eseaping the wrath and curse of God, we come how to speak of it particularly, from these words. In which we have, (1.) The nature, (2.) The fruit of faith, viz. the privilege and dignity of adoption into God's family. Passing the latter, [See vol. ii.]
We take notice of the former, viz. the nature of faith, As many as received, &c. Wherein consider,
1. What it is in the general. It is a saving grace, for by it one becomes a child of God, and so an heir of heaven.
2. What it is in particular. (1.) The object of it is Christ, he, his name, his person, with his benefits. The acts of it, saving the sinner, are, [1.] Receiving hiin; this is explained to be believing. Now, receiving implies an offer of him made to the receiver, which is done in the gospel. [2.] Resting on him ; for it is not a mere believing him, by an historical assent to his word, but a believing on his name, which imports a fiducial recumbency or relying on him, as one who believes
another is said to rest on his word. (2.) The subjects of it are many; not all, but some, namely, the elect of God, quickened by the spirit of regeneration, compare ver. 13. ? Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.' These receive Christ for salvation; for he offers himself as a Saviour, and the fruit of it in the text is saving.
The doctrine founded on the text is, Doct. • Faith in Jesus Christ is a saving grace whereby we
receive, and rest upon him alone for salvation, as he is of fered to us in the gospel,
Here we will consider, I. How faith in Christ is a saying grace, II. Whence it proceeds. III. The subject of faith. IV. The object of it. V. The saving and justifying acts of it, VI. The end of these acts of faith. VII. The ground and warrant of it. VIL. Lastly, Draw an inference or two
I. I shall shew, how faith in Christ is a saving grace. There are four sorts of faith spoken of in scripture. (1.) Historical faith, which is a bare assent to the truths of God, Jam. ii. 19.
Thou believest that there is one God; thou dost well. The devils also believe and tremble.' (2.) A temporary faith, which is such an assent, joined with some affection to the truths of God, though unsanctified, like that of the stony ground hearers, Luke viii, 13. 'who when they hear, re ceise the word with joy; but these have no root, which for a while believe, and in time of temptation fall away.'
(3.) The faith of miracles, which is a belief of the Lord's working some miraculous effect by us, or in us, upon some intimation of his word concerning it, i Cor. xiii. 2.- Tho' I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains. All of these may be in reprobates, and none of them are saying, (4.) Saving faith, already described from the text.
It is called saving faith, because all that have it shall certainly be saved for ever, from sin and God's wrath; yea, as soon as one has it, salvation is his, it is in his possession as to
the beginnings of it, Acts xvi. 31. Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved.'
It saves us, not as an act or work, fulfilling the condition of a new law; for so it is excluded, with all other works, from the causing of our salvation, Rom. üi. 27, 28, “Where is boasting then? it is excluded. By what law ? of works? Nay, but by the law of faith. Therefore we conclude, that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law.' But it saves us as an instrument, apprehending Christ and his salvation, Rom. iii. 22. “Even the righteousness of God, which is by faith of Jesus Christ unto all, and upon all them that believe ; for there is no difference. It is as the looking to the brazen serpent, which saved the stung Israelites; or as the hyssop dipped in blood, and sprinkling the leper, that cleansed him.
II. I come to shew, whence this faith proceeds.
1. It is not from our natural powers, the power of man's free-will. “No man can come to me, says Christ 'except the Father which hath sent me, draw him,' John vi. 44. It is not a flower of nature's garden; otherwise one should make bimself to differ from others.
2. It is a special gift of God. Hence says the apostle to the Philippians, chap i. 29. “Unto you it is given in the behalf of Christ, to believe on him.' It is wrought in the heart by his divine power, through the faith of the operation of God, Col. ii. 12. No less power can produce it, Eph. i. 19. It is ascribed. as to the working of it, to the Father, John vi. 44. forecited; to the Son, Cant. i. 4. · Draw me;' but in a special manner to the Spirit, Gal. v. 22.
“The fruit of the Spirit is-faith; therefore he is called the Spirit of faith,' 2 Cor. iv. 13. - The outward means which the Lord usually makes use of to beget faith in one's heart, is the word, the word of the gospel, preached, heard, or read, Rom. x. 17. • Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.' This is the incorruptible seed which the new creature is framed of, 1 Pet. i. 23. the vehicle of saving influences, Gal. iii. 2.
III. I proceed to consider the subject of faith. It is not all men, 2 Thess. iii. 2. ' For all men have not faith.' They are rare one's who get it, Luke xviii, 8. When the Son of man cometh, shall he find faith on the earth? But they are
1. Elect sinners; they only obtain it, Tit. i. 1. And they all do obtain it sooner or later, before they go off the world, Acts xiii. 48. “As inany as were ordained to eternal life believed.' The subjects of it are those of the Old Tesa tament, as well as those under the New. Hence the apostle to the Hebrews, speaking of the former, says, chap. xi. 13. • These all died in faith.' The subjects of it also are elect infants dying in infancy, though they have not actual faith; who, though they know nothing of the matter, like the Israelitish infants, Deut. i. 29. have the seed or spirit of faith. This is the general character of the subject. But,
2. More particularly, elect convinced sinners are the sub. jects of it, John xvi, 8, 9. When he is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgement: Of sin, because they believe not on me.' The plough of the law goes through the heart, in some measure, before this seed be cast into it, Gal. iii. 23, 24. Before faith came, we were kept under the law, shut up unto the faith, which should afterwards be revealed. Wherefore the law was our schoolmaster to bring us unto Christ, that we might be justified by faith. So that an unconvinced, insensible sinner, is an unbeliever. But,
3. Yet more particularly, elect, convinced, quickened sinners, are the subject thereof, as appears from the text and the following verse. Regeneration in the order of nature goes before believing, and faith is the first vital motion of the regenerated soul. There is first a passive reception of Christ into the soul, whereby Christ comes into the dead soul, and quickens it, and then actual believing, or active receiving of Christ, is the first motion of the new creature. But most particularly,
4. Lastly, Not only the understanding, but the heart and will of such a one, is the subject of faith, where it has its seat; the understanding knowing and assenting, and the will embracing and consenting, Isa. liii. 11. “By his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many. Rom. x. 10. - With the heart man believeth unto righteousness.'
IV. I proceed to consider the object of faith.
1. The real object in general is the whole word of God, and therefore no falsehood can be under faith, Tit. i. 2. But the special real object of it is the promise of the gospel, ActsFormer Sunderland and West Brom striker has advised Bournemouth forward Joshua King to snub advances from Tottenham and to seal a move to Leeds United instead.
The 28-year-old Norway international has been linked with a host of top Premier League clubs, including Manchester United in the January transfer window, and could be on the move this summer.
King is poised the enter the final 12 months of his contract with the relegation-threatened side, who could be forced into a sale to ensure they don't lose his services for nothing next summer.
However, Phillips is unsure whether a move to Tottenham would be beneficial due to competition with England captain Harry Kane and believes Leeds would be a better."Social Media training
Our next Social Media training session takes place next Monday, 18 May. The course is aimed at those responsible for creating or maintaining a University social media presence and covers best practice tips and advice to ensure help you stay within University guidelines.
There are a still a few places left which you can book at [EASE login required]
The training forms part of a package of resources around the University to support your social media activity, including the Digital Footprint initiative and the University’s Social Media Community.
Digital Footprint
Social Media Community [EASE login required]
The University’s Social Media Guidelines and HR Social Media Policy are also available on our website. The current guidelines are in the process of being updated to give a fuller picture of the various support available for social media around the University and elsewhere, so keep an eye on the blog as we’ll let you know here once they’re available.
University Website Programme training and supportII, Britain launches major offensive at El Alamein, Egypt
- First ships of invasion fleet to Morocco leave Norfolk
- German units go through Red October factory in Stalingrad
Famous Birthdays
Michael Crichton
Michael Crichton, American novelist (Andromeda Strain, Congo, Looker), born in Chicago, Illinois (d. 2008)
Famous Deaths
- Georg Stumme, German general, commandant of African corps, dies at 56
- Ralph Rainger, American film composer, dies at 41
1942 Highlights
Day of the Week: Friday
Generation: Silent Generation
About October 23, 1942
Day of the Week: Friday
How Long Ago? 79 years, 1 month and 3Welcome to the NEW School of Ministry Website!
Pastor Benny and the Benny Hinn School of Ministry staff are so excited to welcome you to the NEW Benny Hinn School of Ministry Online!
We understand that moving to a new platform in the middle of your study may present a few inconveniences, however we believe that you will be very happy with the all-new features and added resources at the new.
Below you will find helpful information about transitioning to the new school website.
Why are you changing the School of Ministry website?
Why are you changing the School of Ministry website?
The original school of ministry website was built over 12 years ago and has served thousands of students looking to move into a deeper study of the Bible with Pastor Benny and there have been so many advances in technology since that time.
Because of the generosity of faithful partners and students, the New Benny Hinn School of Ministry Online was developed using the latest e-learning technologies to provide you with convenient and easy-to-access technologies for education, encouragement, equipping, and establishing a common bond with others around the globe!
How do I begin taking classes in the NEW Benny Hinn School of Ministry?
How do I begin taking classes on the NEW Benny Hinn School of Ministry website?
Use the coupon code from the introductory email and follow these simple steps:
- Go to: > click on the “Courses” menu > choose your course > click the “Take This Course” button on the course description page to proceed to the shopping cart.
- Click your course(s) on the right side of the page > then click the “Take This Course” button on the course description page to proceed to the shopping cart.
At Checkout:
- Enter your coupon code from the introductory e-mail into the Coupon Code field.
- IMPORTANT: After you enter your coupon code, click the blue “Apply Coupon” button. NOTE: You must click the “Apply Coupon” button BEFORE you complete the billing details and place your order or your discount will not be activated.
- Once your coupon code is applied, you will see the price of your course adjust according to the code you entered.
- Please complete the billing information, which includes your name, address, e-mail, etc. You will not need to enter credit card information if you applied your free coupon code to your order.
- Once you complete the billing information, click the red “Place Order” button.
- You then be directed to your Student Account page.
- Click “Start Course” on the right side of the screen to begin your course.
What if I am enrolled in multiple courses?
What if I am enrolled in multiple courses?
If you are currently enrolled in more than one Benny Hinn School of Ministry course, please go to the Contact Us page to send a message letting us know the courses you are currently taking. Your enrollment will be verified and you will receive an email with coupon code(s) for each class that you are enrolled in. Click here to contact us. Your requests will be handled quickly (usually within 48 hours). Be sure to check your email spam folder.
Please only contact us through this form. We cannot provide access to your classes over the phone.
Why must I register again?
Why must I register again?
Benny Hinn Ministries does not store your password or credit card information and cannot transfer your personal information into the new School of Ministry database.
Registering again will only take a few minutes and we know that you will enjoy the many new website features.
Do I have to pay again to access my course(s) that I already purchased?
Do I have to pay again to access my course(s) that I already purchased?
No, you WILL NOT be double charged for any course. If you are taking a class or multiple classes in the old school website, you should have received and email with coupon codes that will allow you to access those courses at no charge.
If you did not get an email and are currently enrolled, please check your email spam folder or Contact Us to inform our team of the classes you need to access. We will promptly verify your enrollment and send you coupon codes to access each class or classes at no additional charge.
What if I am in the middle of taking a class?
What if I was in the middle of a class?
While you must start from the beginning of your course to progress the point where you left off in the old school, this transition can be done quickly. Although you will be clicking through familiar material, we believe you will find the class on the new website to be a completely different experience!
Follow these steps to move quickly through your course:
You may take an entire course on your schedule. Since you have already viewed each lesson video, you only need to re-take the lesson quizzes to proceed quickly to where you were.
- For example, if you were on lesson 5 in Operating in the Anointing, you do not have to review the videos for lessons 1-4. Just proceed to the quizzes for lessons 1-4.
- Each quiz consists of 5 questions. You must score 50% or above to proceed to the next lesson.
- Although you may be revisiting some lessons, keep in mind that each class and each lesson will be a completely different experience than before.
We know that you will be excited to explore the new school and see what wonderful resources have been added.
How do I get to the New Benny Hinn School of Ministry Online?
How do I get to the New Benny Hinn School of Ministry Online?
The New Benny Hinn School of Ministry Online is accessible from the Benny Hinn Ministries () website in the navigation menu, as always. You may also access the site directly by going tovia 500px
via 500px.[9][10]
The city is famous for its traditional cultural and religious diversity, with adherents of Orthodoxy, Islam, Judaism and Catholicism and coexisting there for centuries.[11] Due to this long and rich history of religious and cultural variety, Sarajevo was sometimes called the “Jerusalem of Europe”[1] or “Jerusalem of the Balkans”.[2] It was, until recently in the 20th century, the only major European city to have a mosque, Catholic church, Orthodox church and synagogue within the same neighborhood.[12].[13][14]
Although settlement in the area stretches back to prehistoric times, the modern city arose as an Ottoman stronghold in the 15th century.. for independence.[17]
Sarajevo has been undergoing post-war reconstruction, and is the fastest growing city in Bosnia and Herzegovina.[18] The travel guide series, Lonely Planet, has named Sarajevo as the 43rd best city in the world,[19] and in December 2009 listed Sarajevo as one of the top ten cities to visit in 2010.[20] In 2011, Sarajevo was nominated to be the European Capital of Culture in 2014 and will be hosting the European Youth Olympic Festival in 2017.[21][22]
Sarajevo is also Bosnian metropolis[23] due to being the most important and influential city in the whole country.
via 500px
via 500pxWriting your fitness business vision statementclass="attachment-content-width-hero size-content-width-hero lazyload wp-post-image" alt="Writing your Fitness Business vision statement" sizes="(max-width: 824px) 100vw, 824px" data-src="" data- /> started researching vision statements. It appears that a lot of companies believe that a mission statement and a vision statement are the same things. However, my understanding is that they are actually quite different. A mission statement is about your mission, whereas a vision statement is about your destination. For example, our companies vision statement is ‘The largest community of successful fitness professionals on the planet’. When we wrote that we simply thought about where we wanted the company to be in 10 years time.
At Storm Fitness Academy our shared goal here is not to be the training provider that qualifies more trainers than anyone else but to be the training provider that produces the most trainers that go on to have long and happy careers in the industry.
So when written your vision statement I would suggest you do the following:
- Picture your company 10 years into the future
- How could you communicate that vision to all those that will contribute to building your business (employed staff, free-lancers etc)
- Now sum that up in as few words as possiblea871 type 1 steel mill
8 Main Types of Milling Cutters Milling Machines.
:Tubes - Steel:Industrial & Scientific
Unpolished (Mill) 1008-1010 Steel Square Tube, 0.750" Square Tube, 0.065" Wall Thickness, 0.620" Inner Diameter, 4' Length A1035 SPECIFICATIONSep 27, 2019 · T/Y 1.15 T/Y >1.25 ksi Grade 100 Stress-Strain Curves According to ASTM A615 Note 1:NOTE 1 Grade 100 [690] reinforcing bars were introduced in this specification in 2015. In contrast to the lower grades, which have ratios of specified tensile strength to specified yield strength that range from 1.31 to 1.5, Grade 100 [690]
ASTM A572 - SSAB high-strength steel.
Coating Thickness Gauge, Mil Gauge, Paint Thickness Gauge
Positector PP-1 magnetic pull-off thickness gage measures non-magnetic coatings such as paint, enamel, plating, & hot-dip galvanizing on steel. Measures in both microns and mils Measuring Range:0.25 to 20 mils (5 to 500 mcrons) Cort.
Flattened - Expanded - Galvanized - 530N121348
Expanded Type:Flattened Primary Material:Galvanized Steel (GV) Alloy, Grade or Type:Hot Dipped (HD) Material Finish:Mill Finish Style & Type:1/2" No. 13 Flattened Design Size - Short Way of Diamond (SWD) 0.500" Design Size - Long Way of Diamond (LWD) 1.260" Opening Size - Short Way of Opening (SWO) 0.286" Opening Size - Long Way of Opening GENERAL INFORMATION INFORMATIONGENERAL - Fry Resistance Steel Inspection Procedure AMS-2304 Special Aircraft-Quality Steel Cleanliness Magnetic Particle Inspection Procedure AMS-4117 Type 6061 T-651 C.F. AMS-4120 Type 2024 T-4 / T-351 C.F. AMS-4122 Type 7075 T-6 /T-73 (Chems Only) C.F. AMS-4123 Type 7075 T-651 C.F. AMS-4124 Type 7075 T-7351 (Chems Only) C.F. AMS-4154 Type 7075 T-6 EXT.
HOT ROLLED - AK Steel High-Strength Low-Alloy Steels(c) Values may vary, or minimum value may exist, depending on product size und mill form. (d) Optional or when spec-ified. (e) May be purchased as type 1 (0.0050.05 Nb), type 2 (0.010.15 V), type 3 (0.05 Nb, max, plus 0.020.15 V) or type 4 (0.0 15 N, max, plus V 4N).
PRODUCT GUIDES - Central Steel) Integrated Mill Product produced from a BOF (Basic Oxygen Furnace) Push Pull, Latch Action & Heavy Duty Toggle Clamps Type. J3108SS . Stainless Steel / Mill. Type. J3109 . Stainless Steel / Mill. Type. J3310 . Steel / Zinc Plated. Type. J3310SS . Stainless Steel / Mill. Type. J3311 . They are available in steel or stainless steel and can be zinc-plated or mill-finished if desired. Hold-Down Horizontal Handle:
STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA DEPARTMENT OF
1. ALL shipments of reinforcing steel must include a type 1 certified mill test report and an M&T form 913. 2. Reinforcing steel used forNCDOT work must be ASTM A615, Grade 60. Concrete pavement tie bars should be ASTM A615, Grade 40. Other grades of steel may be required by Special Provision. 3. Steel Types What is the Difference? Blade HQ
- I. Plain Carbon SteelsII. Alloy SteelsIII. Tool SteelsIV. Stainless Steelsv. Damascus SteelVI. Ceramic BladesVII. ium.
Vulcraft Roof Catalog/REV2
Type 125 25 0 50 0 100 0 2 000 4 0 00 Coe fficient* 1.5 B A , 1 .5B IA .1 1 .20 .63 1.0 4 .66 .3 6 .65 * S ource:R iverbankAco ustcial Lab oratories RA L A9 41 85. Testwas conduct ed with1 .5 inch esof1.65 pcf fiberglasisnsulation on 3 inch E PS Plaza de ck fortheS DI . VERTICAL LOADS FOR TYPE 1ASTM Weathering Steel Specifications Central Steel ServiceASTM A847 is a high strength low alloy steel covering cold-formed welded square and rectangular tubing and pipe. The atmospheric corrosion resistance of this steel in most environments is substantially better than carbon steel with or without copper addition.How do I lodge a warranty claim?Connor Dye
For all warranty and product enquiries, please fill out the form here and our After Sales team will be in touch within 24 – 48 hours. Please note that all fields must be completed with photographic evidence provided in order to lodge your enquiry or claim. For any urgent enquiries, please call (07) 5520 2775 after completing the form.Kyle Roberts is the Associate Director of Library & Museum Programming of the American Philosophical Society (APS) Library & Museum. Prior to coming to the APS Library & Museum, Dr. Roberts was an Associate Professor of Public History and New Media and Director of the Center for Textual Studies and Digital Humanities at Loyola University Chicago (2011-2019). A scholar of Atlantic World religion, print, and library history, he is the author of Evangelical Gotham: Religion and the Making of New York City, 1783-1860 (Chicago, 2016) and the co-editor, with Stephen Schloesser, of Crossings and Dwellings: Restored Jesuits, Women Religious, American Experience 1814-2014 (Brill, 2017) and, with Mark Towsey, of Before the Public Library: Reading, Community, and Identity in the Atlantic World, 1650-1850 (Brill, 2017).
Dr. Roberts is an accomplished public historian and digital humanist.. In addition to being the consultant for numerous digital and public history projects, he sits on the Executive Committee of the American Catholic Historical Association.Here at 3D Pattern and Mouldmakers, we craft bespoke timber moulds to suit a multitude of projects. From large scale infrastructure projects through to general house construction, focusing on sustainable and high-quality timber allows us to produce moulds that perfectly suit your needs. For all businesses, sustainability is key and as well as our timber stocks being sourced to mirror this, timber moulds are also fairly easy to adapt by adding change pieces etc to be able to cast more than one unit type. Timber moulds are used to produce anything from a simple coping stone to a helical staircase and everything in between, in short, there are very few limitations.
In this blog, we’ll talk about how they can help produce consistent quality.
Creating Consistency
Architects are continually pushing the boundaries of design and interplay between units is paramount to the overall presentation of the finished project. By using templates as checking aids and using advancements in technology such as CAD we know that each unit when cast will marry up to the preceding unit.
Protecting Your Mould
Timber moulds are lined with birch plywood generally with any pinholes being filled and sanded smooth. 3 coats of industry-standard formwork varnish are then applied and give an excellent finish to the mould. Where a larger quantity of units is required to be cast from a mould, a tissue finish can be recommended. A tissue finish is a fine fibreglass tissue mat, impregnated with resin and sanded smooth once cured, this is a most effective means of protecting the face of a mould.
Create Uniformed Stairs
Many businesses choose timber moulds to create uniformed staircases. These types of moulds can be crafted in a range of ornate or minimalist styles, they can be used to create various components of a stairway such as corner units and landings. We also manufacture stair moulds that offer a superior finish to treads, risers and soffits, for units that require a fair finish to all seen faces.
Bespoke Timber Moulds from 3d Pattern and Mould Makers
The beauty of timber moulds is how versatile they can be. Our team can produce bespoke and custom-design moulds that suit your project and the aesthetic goals for your contract. This means producing ornate or simple profiles to suit the desired section of stone. Where corner returns are included, these can be built into either end of a mould and be cast using a division, in essence, one mould could have the capability of producing straight units and a left and right-hand unit in order to fit your budget and requirements. If you would like to discuss an individual project or speak to a member of our team about our services, please do get in contact today.Report Outline
Special Focus
Introduction
Since World War II, scientists have greatly increased their knowledge about the Earth's crust. That knowledge has led directly to a better understanding of why earthquakes happen. Now most seismologists and geologists are confident about the accuracy of their long-term earthquake predictions. But they have had much less success with their short-term predictions.
Go to top
Overview
The 1970s were heady days for seismologists, geologists and geophysicists. They were convinced that it was possible to predict the time, place and magnitude of at least some earthquakes. American scientists, encouraged by several accurate predictions overseas, eagerly exchanged information with their Japanese. Chinese and Soviet colleagues at international conferences and then rushed to the field to try out new approaches. On Aug. 2, 1973, Yash P. Aggarwal, at the time a graduate student at Columbia University, accurately forecast a small earthquake in the Adirondack Mountains of New York state. Other successful earthquake predictions followed. A breakthrough seemed imminent—so near, in fact, that in 1975, one prominent geophysicist said that “prediction within a decade [is] a realistic goal.”
Thirteen years later, however, scientists still aren't able to make accurate, short-term predictions of earthquakes. Frank Press, president of the National Academy of Sciences in Washington, D.C., sums up the lack of progress this way: “Some of the ideas that we had in the 1970s didn't pan out….I don't think anybody would claim that we have either a long-term or a short-term prediction capacity, except in probabilistic terms….There have been some successful short-term predictions in China, but the techniques when applied elsewhere have failed.”
Subject
Provide Feedback
Suggest a topic here.
Take our survey to help us improve CQ Researcher!Spacious 3 bedroom 2 bath plan coming soon in charming Park Pines subdivision. 12X12 patio. 14ft vaulted ceiling in great room. Large private lots. Crown molding in kitchen and breakfast area. Custom built cabinets with granite tops in kitchen and bathroom. Stainless steel appliance package includes range, microwave oven, and dishwasher.Pantry for added storage. Nice sized laundry room. Sodded front yard. 2 car Craftsman style garage with automatic opener. This home is eligible for 100% financing. Property tax is estimated.Rogue states and child soldiers at ClayesMUN
30/11/2016
Our Y12 student Hannah, acting as the Secretary General of ClayesMUN, gave this account of the event:
Last Saturday in November saw 16 delegations from six separate schools take part in Clayesmore’s second annual Model United Nations Conference, also known as ClayesMUN. The day commenced following a wonderful reception provided by the hospitality team with captivating speeches from Hannah M, the Secretary General, and keynote speaker, Old Clayesmorian Madeline Bailey. Madeline touched on her personal experiences from the Calais Jungle camp, which put the issues debated into perspective.
Afterwards, the committees assembled, expertly overseen by Clayesmore pupils. Resolutions were formed, alliances were created and many gavels were banged! Issues debated included fragile states, LGBT rights, and child soldiers. The ideas stemming from arduous hours of research resulted in intense and passionate debate in the form of advocating and debating clauses. Throughout the day the developing issue was presented uniquely in the form of a news channel thanks to the School’s media team.
The day concluded on a high note with a closing ceremony speech by the President of the General Assembly, Hannah P, and the delegate awards. Best delegation overall was awarded to China, represented by Canford School.
Warmest thanks to all participating schools – some of which had travelled for two hours – for all your hard work and enthusiastic involvement, making ClayesMUN such a success yet again.DescriptionAbstract
Background literature: Childhood trauma is defined by the National Child Traumatic Stress Network as ‘a frightening, dangerous, or violent event that poses a threat to a child’s life or bodily integrity’ (NCTSN, 2020). Traumatic stress can give rise to physical and psychiatric diseases (Cohen et al., 1995). Animal-Assisted Interventions have been proposed to mitigate the long-term health effects of childhood trauma experienced that can continue into adulthood.
Research Aim: The aim of the present literature review was to assess the evidence in relation to Animal-Assisted Interventions with dogs on the effects of childhood trauma.
Method: PRISMA guidelines were followed to perform the present systematic literature review i.e. the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses. Search strategies included ‘childhood’, ‘adolescent’, ‘trauma’, ‘animal-assisted’ and ‘pets’ using the research database EBSCO to identify the relevant peer-reviewed publications.
Results: Records identified 1,370 research articles, of which 233 were duplicates. Of the remaining 1,137 articles, 1,080 were excluded. Fifty-seven full-text articles were assessed for eligibility and 9 studies were included in a full review of AAI characteristics employed, study design and outcome(s).
Conclusion(s): AAI’s with canines have demonstrated promise to support the prevention, treatment, and recovery from the after effects of trauma exposure in children. Further research needs to be conducted to evaluate the specific components of intervention(s) that are considered most adaptive from an evidence-based perspective in order to promote the best care pathway and therapeutic intervention for victims of childhood traumatic stress to benefit children and adults worldwide.CBD Manufacturing - UK manufacturing of CBD products and edibles CBD Manufacturing are a Derbyshire based company who believe the route to success for all of their clients is to provide the best facilities, highest quality cannabidiol (CBD) products and outstanding customer service. CBD.ae | Contact Us Get in Touch We are always available for you at your convenience.
The iconic KeMU Hub is situated at the junction of Koinange Street and Monrovia Browse Regus office space in CBD Bangalore. Our serviced office solutions provide instant offices for businesses of all sizes. Call today. 27 May 2019 Doctors must be careful what they tell their patients about CBD oil Research studies in the U.S. on CBD are still limited. Mazanet says that Limited Time Offer. Receive 10,000 FREE Print Solutions Vendor for Sydney's CBD: Office Printer & Photocopiers for Lease. Are you in need of a printing trends and more.
MELBOURNE CBD OFFICE - Knight Frank
| Bizfluent CBD is a common abbreviation for central business district. This part of a city is also commonly known as downtown, or the city center.
22 Jan 2020 Asterion (Australia) Pty Ltd. Phone: 0408 055 171. Website:. AusCann Group Holdings Limited. Phone: +61 8 9561
See who you know at CBD Office Limited, leverage your professional network, and get hired.
AusCann Group Holdings Limited. Phone: +61 8 9561 11 Nov 2019 The office market in Singapore is experiencing a change to flight-to-value following the increased in rent in Singapore's central business district 3 Jan 2020 Fera Science Ltd. | Original Thinking Applied. Current Home Office guidance states that for CBD products to be legal in the UK the hemp CBD OFFICE | Research & Forecast Report | H2 2019.
By Anneke 1 Jul 2018 CBD Office | Research & Forecast Report | Second Half 2018 3. CBD Office 2018 with tenants having to compete for a limited supply of stock. For Sale KES-900,000,000 Asking Price - Commercial, Office Block. TYL-0886.
CBD Office Ltd Auckland Region | Yellow® NZ CBD Office Ltd are Serviced Offices providers. We help people in the Auckland Region. For more information, please call us today.
We help people in the Auckland Region. For more information, please call us today..
So, is CBD office rental too much for most businesses? In this section, we will share with you the average asking rental rates of major office buildings in CBD. Knowing these rates would Contact Us - cbdMD *THC-free is defined as undetectable at the lowest level which can be consistently detected using valid scientific analytical tools. This product is not for use by or for sale to persons under the age of 18. CBD Office Ltd, Serviced Offices, in Auckland, Auckland City CBD Office Ltd. Serviced Offices: We provide our clients with fully furnished office spaces with external windows, natural light and city views to accommodate 1-10 persons businesses from 300 GST per - finda New Zealand CBD Office Ltd | Heart of the City: Auckland's city centre We're Auckland's city centre business association We've got a heart for business. The city centre. The transforming city; Results and statistics; City community CBD.ae | Personal Online Banking, Current Account, Savings Whether you want a current account, credit card, loan or to save, at CBD, we have a range of products to suit your needs.warum gibst du cbd-öl unter die zunge_
cbd lippenbalsam sephora
kann cbd öl geschnürt werden
sind cbd legal in arizona
cbd pillen gegen öl reddit
hanffarmen in meiner nähe mieten
welches ist besser cannabisöl oder kapseln
Book tours online and Welcome to Alike — a superior shared office space at a reasonable price in Auckland's CBD. Ask us about the great rates and flexible terms we can offer to help Serviced offices, virtual offices, co-work spaces & meeting rooms in Sydney. bright and modern and best of all convenient to the CBD yet in the heart of the Eastern Suburbs. Limited time promotion: 3 months free on a 12 month agreement. 557 jobs Find your ideal job at SEEK with 557 jobs found for Administration & Office Support in Auckland CBD Auckland. View all our vacancies now with new With a range of office spaces located across 7 countries, Compass Offices is your North Sydney is an unique CBD popular to Australia's leading consultancy, Melbourne office space offering serviced private office solutions or virtual & coworking packages. Explore your new office space by Clarence.Africa is the second-largest continent in the world right behind Asia. Africa is almost twice the size of Russia and bigger than China, the United States, and Canada combined. At approximately 11.7 million miles (including the adjacent islands), Africa occupies 20% of the world's land area and 6% of its surface area. It is surrounded by the Red Sea, Atlantic and Indian Oceans, Isthmus of Suez, and the Mediterranean Sea. Africa has 54 independent nations, 2 de facto sovereign states, and 9 territories. A considerable percentage of the continent is situated in the Northern Hemisphere.
Africa is connected to Asia by the 81miles wide Isthmus of Suez. The Sinai is usually considered to be part of Africa for geopolitical purposes. The distance between the northernmost point of Africa (Ras ben Sakka) and the southernmost point (Cape Agulhas) is about 5,000 miles. The distance from the easternmost place in the continent (Ras Hafun) and the westernmost point is approximately 4,600miles. Its biggest lake is Lake Victoria while its tallest mountain is Mt Kilimanjaro followed by Mt Kenya. The smallest African country is Seychelles, while the biggest is Algeria. The Gambia is the smallest nation on the continental mainland.
The Demographics Of Africa
Africa is the second most populous continent on the planet with a population of about 1.225 billion people right behind Asia. The average population of Africa is the youngest of all the continents, and in various nations, over 50% of the population is below the age of 25 years. The population of Africa has increased rapidly over the last 4 decades. The population of Africa grew from 1950 (229million) to 1990 (630million). The continent’s population exceeded 1.2billion in 2016. Africa’s population is expected to exceed the population of India and China by 2022. The population of Africa exceeded the Americas in 2000 while it surpassed Europe during the 1990s. Nigeria is the most populous African country, followed by Ethiopia and Egypt. The least populated nation in the continent is Seychelles.
The Bantu-speaking people are the majority in the southeast, central, and southern Africa. There are numerous Nilotic people in East Africa and Sudan, few native Pygmy and Khoisan people in central and southern Africa and some Swahili communities on the Swahili coasts. The inhabitants of West Africa are mainly Niger-Congo language speakers. The most influential and largest Niger-Congo language speakers in West Africa include Wolof, Yoruba, Akan, Fulani, and Igbo ethnic groups. Some of the Nilo-Saharan groups that are living near the boundary between Central and West Africa include Zarma, Kanuri, and Songhai. Some of the Eritrean and Ethiopian groups residing in the Horn-of-Africa like the Tigrayans and Amhara speak Afro-Asiatic language.
The Economy Of Africa
Even though Africa is rich in natural resources, it remains the least developed and poorest continent in the world. Some of the leading causes of the poor economy in the continent include military and tribal conflicts, high illiteracy levels, poor central planning, and corrupt government, among others. Its GDP is still lower than that of the UK, Germany, Japan, China, and the United States. The last 24 states in the UN’s Human Development Report of 2013 were all from Africa. According to the World Bank, over 81% of the people living in Sub-Sharan Africa were surviving on less than $2.5 daily in 2005.A PAIR OF PINK OPALINE GLASS VASES. Hand Painted Enameled with Flowers. Birds on blossoming branches, gilt line rims.
Very precise and detailed enamel work. Vases are in perfect Condition. Size : 13" x 3.75 in top and 4" in base.
Gorgeous Olaline vases for your collection. The item "PAIR OF ANTIQUE PINK OPALINE GLASS VASES" is in sale since Sunday, November 22, 2020. This item is in the category "Pottery & Glass\Glass\Art Glass\French\Other French Art Glass".The seller is "jpacificantiques" and is located in Beverly Hills, California. This item can be shipped worldwide.
Jun 18, 2014 ·.Learn More
ConsumerCenter. It all begins with a Peerless ® boiler! Available from your local heating contractor, our boilers are the practical, efficient, clean alternative to furnaces and heat pumps. Explore the Advantages production in industries and power plants, and a model for hot waterLearn More
Slant/Fin Sentry Natural Gas Water Boiler with 120,000 BTU Input, 88,000 BTU Output Intermittent Westinghouse Condensing 96% Natural Gas Space Heating Wall Mount Boiler with Optional Domestic Hot Water with 140,000 BTU Input. $ 2204 10. Slant/Fin Galaxy Natural Gas Steam Boiler with 160,000 BTU Input 98,000 BTU Output Intermittent Learn More
domestic hot water boilers to boilers housed within a power generation plant to convert fossil fuel to electricity. Generally, domestic hot water boilers do not produce steam and should operate at low pressure. While some combination boilers now operate at the pressure of the incoming cold water 
These boilers deliver reliable heating and hot water with high efficiency and low operating costs. Condensing Boilers Highly-efficient condensing boilers from Bosch
These boilers deliver reliable heating and hot water with high efficiency and low operating costs. Condensing Boilers Highly-efficient condensing boilers from Bosch.Learn More
Understanding Steam & Boiler Heating Systems | HomeAdvisorLearn More
Steam Heat Radiators: Efficiency vs Cost | DoItYourself.comLearn- Civil Registration System
- Facilities Available at Various Health Centres
- Uttarakhand Health & Population Policy
- Indian Christian Marriage Act 1872
- Rajya Vyadhi Nidhi
- Career
- Health Facility Maps
- MSBY
Hit Counter 0004574290 Since: 01-01-2011
Under Section/Module : Tenders
Recruitment of State Coordinator and Data Processing Assistant under Civil Registration System
Publish Date: 25-11-2013
Tender Opening Date: 25-12-2013
Download File (Doc 10581 KB)- 1 night
1 Room, 1 Adult
- Update
Hyatt House Dallas Las Colinas
- Extremely Clean5
- Outstanding Amenities5
- Outstanding Location5
- Outstanding Service5
5/5Perfect
- Extremely Clean5
- Outstanding Amenities5
- Outstanding Location5
- Outstanding Service5
5/5Perfect
- 8.4 mi
- 7.7 mi
Reviews
- (1 review)
- (0 reviews)
Guest UserChina
- Two Bedroom Suite
- Stayed in June 2019
- Families
- 1 Review
Hotel Policy
Need to Know
Hotel Description
- Opened: 1996
- Number of Rooms: 147
Services & Amenities
- Restaurant
- Bar
- Gym
- Outdoor swimming pool
- Conference hall
- Outdoor swimming pool
- Tennis
- Barbecue
- Gym
- Luggage storage
- Front desk safe
- Credit cards accepted
- Express check-in/check-out
- Front desk (24 hours)
- Laundry room
- Room cleaned: daily
- Laundry service
- Laundry service (off-site)
- Restaurant
- Bar
- Multilingual staff
- Dry cleaning
- Wi-Fi in designated areasFree
- Mini shopping mall
- Gift shop
- Picnic area
- Conference hall(Additional fee)
- Business center
- Heating
- ATM
- Accessible rooms
- Newspaper in lobby
- Non-smoking public areas
- All rooms non-smoking
- Non-smoking floor
Haven't found the right hotel yet?
good environment! People are very kind! The room is comfortable and clean! We all like it. Especially small basketball courts, small pools, kids likeKe also used Kashmiri chilli powder, only to give the dish a rich reddish colour.
When I first heard of Impossible Beef, I was really surprised to know there is no meat in it! According to Google, it’s made from proteins, flavors, fats and binders and they are all derived from plants. But it also says it’s highly processed. So best to eat in moderation 😉.
Ingredients
- Impossible Meat – 1 packet
- Onion – 1 medium, chopped
- Garlic – 2 cloves, chopped
- Green chilli – 3, chopped
- Tomatoes – 2, chopped
- Carrot – 1 small, cubed
- Sweet potato – 1 small, cubed
- Canned peas – 1 small tin
- Turmeric powder – 1/2 tsp
- Kashmiri chilli powder – 1 tsp, heaped
- Cumin powder – 1 tsp
- Coriander powder – 2 tsp
- Salt
Method
- Heat some oil in a wok and sauté the onions till light brown. Half way thru add the chopped green chilli and garlic.
- Add the carrot and sweet potato and mix well. Cover and let it cook for couple of minutes.
- Next add the chopped tomatoes and cook till it becomes pulpy.
- Add the turmeric powder, Kashmiri chilli powder, salt, cumin powder and coriander powder and mix well.
- Now add the Impossible meat and stir well to combine. Add 1/2 cup water if you find it too dry.
- Lastly add the peas, mix well and remove from stove.
- Serve hot with rice, chappati or bread.
If you make this recipe, I’d love to see your pics on Instagram and do tag @bakezbyshobz and hashtag it #bakezbyshobz
One Comment Add yoursAustrian wines are not big sellers in Florida but the diethylene glycol scandal that has rocked the European wine industry has begun to create waves of anxiety among Florida wine buyers and sellers.
George Baron, a Miami importer who specializes in Austrian wines, said he has Austrian wines that have been proven free of glycol and that he is allowed to sell. But he and many honest Austrian wine makers will suffer anyhow, he said. There are more than 2,000 wine makers in Austria; only a few make expensive dessert wines and those mostly are for sale in Germany.
Saying it is possible some contaminated wines might have reached consumers in Florida, the state Department of Business Regulation last week released a list of 26 Austrian wines in which U.S. agencies have found diethylene glycol so far.
Last month the United States Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms suspended the sale and shipment of all Austrian wines and warned consumers not to drink any Austrian wines until testing for diethylene glycol is completed and wines are certified for sale.
Investigators believe that diethylene glycol -- which can cause nausea, kidney disease and even death -- was used with sugar and water in some Austrian wines to disguise cheaper products so they could be sold as sweeter, more expensive grades.
Austria uses the same terms as Germany does, from kabinett to trockenbeerenauslese, to describe wine sweetness, which is supposed to be based on the natural sugar content of the grapes.
Half of the 26 contaminated Austrian wines found in the U.S. were shipped by the big German wine house of Pieroth, which bottles both German and Austrian wines at its German plants. Many Floridians know the Pieroth label because its German and Austrian wines are among those sold through the home wine tastings of Emissary Ltd.
Jakob Greif, Orlando manager for Emissary, said the company notified its customers in July that it would take back any Austrian wines it had sold and sent trucks to customers' homes to pick them up. "Thankfully we didn't have many of them," he said. Emissary's importer in Chicago said 1,500 to 2,000 cases of Austrian wine have been returned there.
Will Conniff, of American Distributor, an Orlando wholesaler, said his company had to halt sales of its only Austrian line for laboratory tests although the wines made by Zeigendorf are dry and extremely unlikely candidates for such sweetening.
In Europe more than 300 Austrian wines have been found to be contaminated and 38 Austrian winemakers have been arrested. In Germany inspectors also found traces of diethylene glycol in more than two dozen German wines, all of which came from plants that bottle both German and Austrian wines.
The federal bureau has tested 70 German wines in the U.S. for diethylene glycol but found only one -- 1984 Haus of Franz Liebfraumilch, bottled by Johan Falkenburg -- contaminated. It also is investigating reports that eight tainted Italian wines were found in Britain.
As the number of suspect wines has grown, so has the anxiety of the industry, which has been testing wines, checking manifests, firing off cables and filing suits in an attempt to try to contain the hazards to consumers and the industry.
As proof that the taint of scandal can spread unfairly, another wine merchant said she had to assure her Florida customers that her wines came not from Austria but from Australia, which is literally oceans away from the scandal.Today Tech News Updates: Top Five Things to Know in Tech on 25 May 2021
Today Tech News Updates: Top Five Things to Know in Tech on 25 May 2021
Today Tech News Updates - Here are the top five things you must know about that happened in Tech with The Hans India on 25 May 2021.
Will Facebook, Instagram and Twitter be blocked this Week? New IT rules to take effect
The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, on February 25, gave social media platforms three months to comply with the new rules. However, a core set of rules to regulate digital content with a code of ethics and a three-tier claims redressal framework goes into effect in two days with none of the social media giants -Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram, complying with none of them, said government sources.
Apple Releases iOS 14.6 Update With Podcast Subscriptions; Check your Phone Compatibility
Apple has released a new software update for iPhones. iOS 14.6 comes with features like Apple Card Family support, its new Apple Podcasts subscription service, AirTag enhancements, security fixes, and a ton of bug fixes as well. iOS 14.6 is not as important as iOS 14.5, but it does come with essential features.
Google Photos Free Storage to End on June 1; Find Details
Google Photos will undergo a significant change next month that will undoubtedly disappoint many users. Google will no longer offer free backups of Google Photos starting June 1. Instead, all photos and videos will count toward the 15GB of free storage you get with a Google account.
WWDC 2021: What To Expect and How To Watch Live
WWDC 2021: The Cupertino based firm Apple has announced its 2021 Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) event. The five-day event will begin on June 7 at 10.30 pm IST (10 a.m. M. PDT) and will end on June 11. Apple will announce its latest "software and technologies" during the event's keynote address and allow developers to attend virtual sessions and touch with Apple engineers. During the keynote, the Cupertino giant is expected to announce next-generation software such as iPadOS 15, iOS 15, watchOS 8, and macOS 12.
Microsoft Launches Surface Laptop 4 from Rs 102,999 in India
Microsoft has officially launched Surface Laptop 4 today for business and educational customers in India. The laptop will be available at authorized retailers and on Amazon. The company said this laptop aims to meet the "changing needs of users" as people continue to work in hybrid environments.kahe
DCR Podcasts in Digital
From Engineering Client Portal
Engineering Portal
Digital
Digital Audio
DCR Podcasts in Digital
Contents
Steps
This document assumes you have implemented Digital Audio with Live AM/FM stream measurement with a "radio" content type. It outlines the new parameters you will use to implement podcast measurement.
- Contact your Nielsen Account Representative to discuss the way you would like your podcasts reported (Classified)
- Your TAM will provide new appIds for the applications that will offer podcasts
- Update the parameters you use to call the SDK play and playheadPosition. Reference the appropriate Changes for Podcast Measurement below
- Obtain Nielsen Podcast certification once your changes are complete and tested
- Complete a Production License with your Nielsen Account Representative
Library
Use the same SDK library as Digital Audio, live AM/FM stream measurement.
Changes for Podcast Measurement
Initializing the SDK
Update your appid to the new ID provided by your TAM for podcast measurement. When you initialize the SDK, use 'dcr' in the sfcode instead of 'drm'.
play
Call play when the user taps the Play button to start the content.. The channelName parameter is not required.
play Example
{ "channelName": "KABC-FM Morning Show" }
loadMetadata
Use loadMetadata to pass information about your podcast to the SDK. The parameters must be passed as a JSON object.
– (void) loadMetadata :(id)metadata;
Refer to loadMetadata for the list of parameters to be passed in the JSON object.
Note: The loadMetadata call after the first play call must have ‘content’ ("type": "content").
loadMetadata Example
{ "type": "content", "assetid": "KABC:345-67483", "program": "KABC Morning Show", "title": "20171125: HR1", "length": "3600", "segB": "KABC-FM", // station call letters and band are optional here "isfullepisode": "y", "airdate": "20171125 06:00:00", "adloadtype": "2", "pipmode":"false" }
playheadPosition for "content"
You will continue to use playheadPosition to pass the position of the playhead while the content is being played; however, you will pass the relative position from the beginning of the file. This is different than live stream measurement, which uses the current Unix timestamp (seconds since Jan-1-1970 UTC).
playheadPosition Syntax Example for iOS
CMTime curTime=[player currentTime]; long pos=CMTimeGetSeconds(curTime); [nAppApiObject playheadPosition:pos];
Usage Sequence and API The sample API sequence can be used as a reference to identify the specific events that need to be called during content and ad playback.
- Continue to call playheadPosition every two seconds until the user pauses, stops, or loses audio.
- Call a new loadMetadata when the user selects a different program.
With Preroll, Midroll, Postroll Ads Please note: The below examples include ad pod information. These ads are not ads served as part of the originator's programming (studio-recorded ads). These ads are hosted independently from the podcast content file.
When applicable, Playhead should be passed for the entire duration of ad pod, if the ad pod details are passed as part of loadMetadata.
Note: Each Ad playhead should reset or begin from 0 at ad start. When content has resumed following an ad break, playhead position must continue from where previous content segment was left off.
Nielsen Measurement Opt-Out Implementation
No changes are necessary because Opt-out implementation for podcasts is the same as live AM/FM stream measurement.Almost exactly a year ago I posted a similar recipe on stuffed peppers.
So, you’re probably asking why am I posting again?
The answer is probably because I haven’t made them since then, and I just got reacquainted with how very easy they can be to make – especially if you have a local Trader Joe’s and access to their new Beef-less Ground Beef, their trio packs of peppers, sliced mushroom packs and frozen pouches of Rice Medley. Plus, Trader Joe’s makes it easy to tell if something is vegan..they put this little ‘V’ on their packaging!
I admit it, sometimes I’m a “Lazy Vegan”.
Work has been a bit nutso lately (thankfully) and sometimes when I get home, I just want to get a healthy meal on the table with minimal effort and minimal time (oh and if you didn’t know this, I’m really not that big on going out to dinner).
Here are the ingredients I used this time:
- 1 tablespoon canola oil
- 1/2 yellow onion – chopped
- 1 cup sliced Trader Joe’s Sliced White Mushrooms – chopped
- Trader Joe’s Beef-less Ground Beef
- 1 trip pack of Trader Joe’s peppers (the recipe actually makes enough for at least 4 peppers though)
- 1 pack of Trader Joe’s frozen Rice Medley
- 1/2 jar of tomato sauce – (I used Trader Joe’s)
- OPTIONAL – Chia seeds to sprinkle on top and Parma Vegan Parmesan
1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees.
2. Heat oil in a pan over medium high heat, add onions and cook until translucent
3. Add chopped mushrooms and cook thoroughly
4. Add meatless ground stir and cook through
5. Mix in 1/2 jar of tomato sauce
6. While above items are heating, toss your packet of Trader Joe’s Rice Medley into the microwave for 3 minutes and then cut off the tops of the peppers and clean out the insides. I actually chopped the tops of the peppers around the stems and added those pieces to the mix cooking in the pan.
7. Line up your peppers in a casserole dish, stuff with the above heated mixture. Since I had more mix than peppers, I used the extra mix to line the casserole dish to hold the peppers upright.
8. Place in the oven for 30-40 minutes depending on how soft you like your peppers.
9. Go open the mail, make a tossed salad, ask your hubby and kids how their day was and before you know it, a healthy dinner is served in less than an hour!
Before eating, I topped my peppers with some Chia seeds and some Parma! vegan parmesan….YUM!
Enjoy!!
Happy Meatless Monday!
Also, I’ve been nominated on Circle of Moms to be in the top 25 vegan/vegetarian blogs. If you have time, could you please vote for me. You can vote once a day, every day until February 14th – only a couple more days! THANK YOU, THANK YOU, THANK YOU!!
Anna Modayil Mani was born on 23rd August 1918 in Peermedu in Kerala. She was the Deputy Director General of the Indian Meteorological Department who made significant contributions in the field of meteorological instruments. She conducted research and managed to publish numerous single-authored papers in the early 20th century, a time when women in scientific research was almost unheard of.
Early Life
She belonged to an upper class family where the male child was groomed from childhood for high career goals, and daughters were prepared for marriage. But Anna had no plans to follow these stereotypes.
She belonged to a large family, where she was seventh of the eight children (three girls and five boys). Her father was a prosperous civil engineer and also owned cardamom estates. Despite being raised in the Syrian Christian tradition, her father was agnostic about his religious beliefs.
As a child, she spent her time engrossed in her books. In fact, by the age of eight she had managed to read every book in Malayalam at the Public Library; and by the time she was twelve, all the English books in the library as well. Reading books provided her with a whole new world of ideas and created in her a strong sense of social justice which influenced her life.
Political views
In 1925, people from all castes and religions throughout Travancore (then an important part of the Vaikom Satyagraha) protested the decision of the priest at the city of Vaikom, who barred twenty one Dalits from using the road alongside the temple. Mahatma Gandhi had come came to support the Civil Disobedience Movement. The Satyagraha and the visit by Gandhi, had a deep impact on the young mind of an idealistic Anna.
As the Nationalist Movement gained pace and popularity, and complete independence was adopted as their goal by the Indian National Congress, Anna Mani was extremely interested in nationalist politics. Even though she did not join a particular movement, she took to wearing khadi as a symbol of her nationalism. This strong sense of nationalism also helped her make an important personal decision, when she decided to pursue higher studies. For which she received neither opposition nor encouragement from her family.
Also Read: Is Science Free From Gender Bias?
Education
As is custom in her family, she was gifted with diamond earrings. Instead, she opted for a set of the Encyclopedia Britannica. She groomed herself well for higher education. She opted for Physics as she was good at the subject. Anna Mani enrolled in a B.Sc. honors program in Physics at the Presidency College, Madras (now Chennai), from where she graduated in 1939.
In 1940, a year after her graduation, Anna Mani received a scholarship for research in Physics at the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore. She was accepted in C.V Raman’s laboratory as a graduate student. She worked on the spectroscopy of diamonds and rubies. From the years 1942 to 1945, she published five papers by herself on the luminescence of rubies and diamonds.
In 1945, August, Anna submitted her PhD dissertation to the University of Madras and she was offered a government scholarship for an internship in England. At the time, Madras University, which would formally grant degrees for work done at IISc, stated that since Anna Mani did not have a M.Sc degree therefore she wasn’t eligible for a PhD. She never received the PhD she so rightly deserved.
Even today her PhD dissertation remains in the library, at the Raman Research Institute. Anna Mani held no grudge, instead she believed that a PhD made little difference in her life. After finishing her research at C.V Raman’s laboratory she left for England. Despite her interest in research in Physics, she ended up specialising in meteorological instruments as it was the only scholarship available to her.
Career
Anna Mani returned from England to an Independent India in 1948. Here she joined the Indian Meteorological Department at Pune. She was made in charge of the construction of the radiation instrumentation. She published numerous papers, during her career spanning 30 years, on topics ranging from atmospheric zones, international need for instrument comparisons and standardisation of meteorological instruments.
She worked on a project for harnessing wind energy in India in 1993. She also directed a small company for manufacturing instruments to measure wind speed and solar energy. Anna Mani retired in 1976, as the Deputy Director General of the Indian Meteorological Department and soon returned to the Raman Research Institute for three years, as a visiting professor.
She suffered a stroke in 1994, and passed away on 16th August 2001, in Thiruvananthapuram.
Books
She published two books:
- The Handbook for Solar Radiation Data for India – 1980
- Solar Radiation over India – 1981
In an era where women had no other options in terms of a career, she fought all odds to make her place in the field of science. It’s surprising how she saw it as a very factual situation. In fact she said in an interview “My being a woman had absolutely no bearing on what I chose to do with my life. What is this hoopla about women and science?”. Perhaps this is what we need, normalising women in various spaces where we usually see less representation of women. Normalise the fact that if there wasn’t enough representation, the situation is slowly changing. Anna Mani’s success story should be aspirational not only to women, but to everyone.
Also Read: A Tribute To Maryam Mirzakhani: First Woman To Win Mathematics’ Fields Medal
Featured Image Credit: Tiny Letters and The Better IndiaOwl box installed for natural pest control at Santa Cruz County Animal Shelter
The Santa Cruz County Animal Shelter is installing what it calls an environmentally-friendly and cost-effective form of pest control– a barn owl nest box.
The shelter said it is encouraging residents to learn more about neighborhood barn owls and owl nest boxes, so it is inviting the public to an Owl Box Raising on Oct. 17 at 2 p.m. The nest box and installation is being donated by Humane Wildlife Control, and the company will host a talk about barn owls and poison-free rodent control before the box is installed.
According to the shelter, a properly placed box will attract owls, and a barn owl family is capable of consuming 4,000 rodents every year. The shelter said the boxes replace the need for harmful chemicals that have been linked to the deaths of bobcats, foxes, coyotes, hawks and other animals.
KION 2019But it must be noted that call girls do not Real Local Sluts offer their services to men who don't want to pay. In the real world, these women Sluts Local enjoy their sex lives without plenty of interference.
It's up to the client to determine whether the service is satisfactory or not. If the customer gets what he's paying for, then it's Free Sluts To Fuck deal about her and what she offers in terms of solutions.
Sex with a prostitute has its own set of issues. Slut Tonight caught red-handed, would never admit to her career. Women often resort to various methods to be able to keep their professional cover.
Prostitution or the selling of sexual services, was the preferred choice of women searching for love. Prostitutes could easily and subtly.
But the lure of the gorgeous exotic women still tempts the customers. As it happens, though a man or woman is enjoying a rendezvous with his lover, his phone will ring and he'd be given the opportunity to check the contact information of the person called on.
It's the most convenient way to learn the best times to meet up with the person. The opportunities for chatting online or ing is a lot higher than the odds of meeting in person. Many prostitutes are more'progressive' than prostitutes have been in earlier times. As they understand how harmful Find Sluts To Fuck American Falls ID it's to pursue a profession of prostitution, they now prefer to work as escorts rather than as prostitutes. Even though there are a few loopholes still remaining in prostitution as a whole, the of prostitutes continues to dwindle.
Some of the Benefits of escorts over prostitutes are:. They are usually better paid as compared to prostitutes and this is why they will take the easy money. But for this reason, they must also be ready to leave once an arrangement has been made. Though they claim to be American Falls independent, many prostitutes have a'sense of loyalty' towards one pimps.
In such cases, it is much easier to convince them to work as escorts. They will generally need the prospect of easy cash. Female escorts often say they have seen many guys like former clients or their pimps flocking to escort websites to search together.
It's believed that people who had sex with prostitutes get some sense of satisfaction out of it and enjoy the ambience that surrounds the customer. Thus, when they find an Find Sex Tonite escort of their choice online, they tend to go in for the escort.
Many pimps are now turned off with the idea of hiring escorts by setting up a meeting with one of these. They have realized that American Falls Slut Hookup provide a fantastic alternative to prostitutes.
Escorts, call girls and prostitutes all have different backgrounds and demand in terms of services. So as to understand the differences between all these services, it is first necessary to Fuck Local Sluts sorts of providers for both the general public and clients.
They are paid in cash or pay on a monthly basis based on the kind of contract they. Prostitutes are provided certain specific Find Locals Who Want To Fuck services and some of the services offered by prostitutes include: naked dance, oral sex, anal sex, massage, foot fetish and various other sexual services.
Hookers also have evolved through the years. The term hooker derives from the term hooker which originated from the 19th century when the most Local Sluts Com recognized type of prostitution has been prostitution. For example the St Louis"hooker den" was thought of as the largest brothel in the United States. Today many of the services which were offered in the St Louis brothel are now provided in prostitution hotels, term escorts is synonymous with call girls, these two different varieties of sex workers do have different work practices and regulations.
Escorts will generally only do the work for which they are hired. They're expected to have some sort of agency in place so as to receive contracts or jobs. Most are also expected to do whatever is asked of them including offering sexual favors. While the requirement for escorts is often associated with the sex industry, prostitutes may provide sexual favors. However, there are fewer of those who take part in sexual intercourse, but they're more likely to perform other services like sensual massages, stripping and teddy bears.
Prostitutes and call girls are both expecting to work in any area but many wish to have complete privacy when being Local Slutz topless or performing oral sex on men. In a sense this makes them different from each other. It's extremely important that you understand the difference between prostitution and the sex industry if you're interested in entering the sex industry. While it is not uncommon for women to be hired and made into prostitutes, those in the sex industry are usually sex-trafficked women that are coerced into having sex with strangers.
Someone can become a pimp.
It's essential to be aware of the difference between prostitution and the sex industry if you're thinking about entering the sex industry. This knowledge can help you decide whether to enter the business or not.
Escorts and prostitutes can be categorized as both legal and illegal. There are many other sex workers that are also technically categorized as escorts.
Although the legal category of those persons may be more popular, the majority of their clients are always those who seek for sex that are older. In prostitution, the female is more attractive than the males and they are able to demand for high costs for the services that they provide.
Therefore, there are lots of professionals involved in this profession. Prostitutes are highly compensated. They generally get paid a predetermined sum of money by their customers.
They're paid in advance or in Local Slut small quantities that depend on their workplace and the amount of sexual act that they perform for the customer. Call girls are professionals who prefer to work independently. Most of them have become famous through TV shows and movies. They American Falls don't often find themselves at a business or a connection with male clients. Prostitutes are subjected to a of diseases like herpes, HIV, and syphilis.
Local Sluts Com Bonners Ferry | Sluts That Wanna Fuck Idaho FallsIf you experience problems with the online application process, including payments, or if you have any questions about The Royal Society of Sculptors First Plinth: Public Art Award 2021 that can not be answered by reading the general information, or by looking at the Frequently Asked Questions (below), please contact the project managers.
Entry fees are:
Non RSS members – £32.50
RSS members – £22.50
Please note that the application fee is non-refundable.
The closing deadline for applications is 5pm Monday 15 February 2021.
All applications must be made using the online form. No hard copy applications will be accepted.
Notification of all results will be sent by email in the week commencing 01 March 2021..
145 queries in 1.524 seconds.With Holded you will be able to import your information in a very simple way so that you can start working with the program quickly and efficiently. It is very important to follow this import order that we will explain below so that your Holded account can be ordered.
Imports are done using excel templates with different fields. Not all fields are essential, but if we are not going to complete any of them, you cannot delete the column or change its order . The field should be left blank .
1) Import your accounting accounts (chart of accounts)
When registering a new company in Holded you must choose the type of company and depending on what you have chosen you will have a specific chart of accounts. In case you want to modify the number of digits in the chart of accounts or you want to import the accounting accounts that you used in your previous program, we teach you how to import your accounting accounts.
2) Import your seats
Once you have imported your chart of accounts you can import your seats to analyze your income, expenses and finances from the Reporting section . Here we show you how to import your journal.
Attention: In the event that you have imported your sales and purchase invoices , Holded will automatically create the corresponding entries , so if you also import the entries of your invoices, they will be duplicated . In this case it is important that when importing the seats you do not include the seats of the invoices .Our Baby & Child cross stitch kit collection is one of our biggest and most popular. Nothing demonstrates love and consideration more than a cross stitched birth sampler or a hand crafted new baby card.
Many of the completed kits within this collection will make wonderful christening, baby shower, new baby or even birthday gifts - especially when framed.MSI K8MM V VIA K8M800 VGA DRIVER.
The manual says that is supports Sata based M.2 SSD's in there, but I haven't had any luck getting mine to boot. Get the best deals on ASUS Laptop Power AC & DC Adapters/Chargers. I disconnected the graphics card and used the onboard graphics card. Additionally, get enhanced scalability, faster data retrieval, double the bandwidth of current bus systems. Motherboard ASUS H170-PRO motherboard Cables 2 x Serial ATA 6.0 Gb/s cables Accessories 1 x I/O Shield. Overview, Specifications, Gallery, Review, SUPPORT, Successful Case, Where To Buy, Print. Hi sataa, Save hours of searching online or wasting money on unnecessary repairs by talking to w8v-vm 6YA Expert who can help you resolve this issue over the phone in a minute or two.
The connectors for 2.5 drives are standard SATA power and data, so they will connect to any PC SATA ports or fit in an external SATA drive caddy. 4 The PCIe x16 3 slot shares bandwidth with SATA 5 and SATA 6. Do I have to go into the BIOS under Advanced and disable SATA 1 myself or is this automatic when using an SSD M.2 on slot 2 1? One NCQ enabled SATA is required and IDE configuration in the BIOS should be set to AHCI .
ASUS A8V-VM SE - motherboard - micro ATX - Socket 939 - K8M890 overview and full product specs on CNET. Hi, I have a 250 GB Samsung 960 EVO M.2 drive installed in the main M.2 slot not the add-on M.2 card . Our team of world-class engineers are passionate about empowering everyone to enjoy the benefits of customization and tuning, and the driving force behind the development of Prime is to make advanced enthusiast controls easily accessible maximizing performance, stability. Below is the G55 with the HDD and both user accessible SO-DIMMs removed. 19-04-2020 ASUS TUSI-M motherboard micro ATX Socket SiSET Overview CNET. In order to fulfill my request for customer support service, I agree that ASUS can collect my following information, IP address, and the conversation with ASUS. These documents are not part of the standard package.
At the moment I have to enable the drivers in the BIOS otherwise Vista won't see. All specifications are subject to change without notice. Filename, Asus abv vm sata driver / Total downloads, 3852 Drivers menu To download ASUS A8V-VM Motherboard driver follow the instructions on the page. Asus A8v Mx User Manual A8v-e se user's manual for english edition 88 pages . ASUS ABV-VM SATA DRIVER - Not finding what you are looking for? 18-09-2007 Anyone know if there are Sata drivers for this board to run on Vista? If this system has a SATA 3.0 port then plugging the boot drive into it will improve system performance.
Download Asus.
22671. You need to make this floppy disk with files that are available on your motherboard CD, in there are all the instructions you need. 5 The M.2 1 socket shares bandwidth with SATA 2 port when using M.2 SATA devices. Find many great new & used options and get the best deals for ASUSTeK COMPUTER P5LD2-VM DH, LGA775 Socket, Intel Motherboard at the best online prices at eBay! Discuss, ASUS A8V-VM - motherboard - micro ATX - Socket 939 - K8M890 Series Sign in to comment. Install the drivers for your graphics chip sudo apt-get install xserver-xorg-video-intel.
WD Caviar.
Optional documentation Your product package may include optional documentation, such as warranty flyers, that may have been added by your dealer. ASUS Prime is the next evolution of the ASUS motherboard, born of a pedigree that stretches back to 1989. Please use specifications from the compatibility list to confirm processor's part number before ordering. 27 Drivers, Utilities, Manual and BIOS for Asus A8V-VM Ultra Motherboards. ASUS A8V-VM SE motherboard micro ATX Socket 939 K8M890 Series. You can't post answers that contain an email address..
I am using a Samsung NVMe SSD on slot M.2 1, which apparently you loose the use of SATA 1 when doing this. When the M.2 2 Socket 3 is operating in PCIEX4 mode, SATA port 5, 6 will be disabled. It's not covered by anything, and is located perpendicularly to the MOBO. Driven by innovation and committed to quality, ASUS won 4,256 awards in 2013 and is widely credited with revolutionizing the PC industry with its Eee PC. Free Trial Driver Booster 6 PRO 60% OFF when you buy Asus A8N-VM 0902. After bios update to latest version everything works fine. That BIOS page does have entries for M.2, M.2 gray and the M.2.
Please check with your supplier for exact offers. Enjoy the most complete personalized information center, after-sales. On UserBenckmark, it says something like, The boot partition is located on a SATA 3.0 SSD but it's only operating at SATA 2.0 speeds. Vi H110M-R specifications summary continued on the next page Package contents Check your motherboard package for the following items. If it is connected then check the jumper settings on HDD. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below. MS-7103 SATA DRIVER DOWNLOAD - Aug 17, MSI, The email address entered is already associated to an account.
It is not showing in the BIOS Advanced\SATA Configuration page. Core Unlocker Unleash True Core Performance Intelligently ASUS Core Unlocker simplifies the activation of a latent AMD CPU with just a simply key.. Thank you for buying an ASUS A8V-MX motherboard! Unfortunately, that doesn't help me much. I had just used it in a ryzen build and it worked fine in the port on the gigabyte board. Whats better than having a crazy fast NVMe M.2 SSD in your PC? Download 1935 Asus Motherboard PDF manuals.
AT4NM10-I SATA connectors Install the Windows XP Service Pack 2 or later versions before using Serial ATA. Go to Advanced > PCH Storage Configuration, then set SATA Mode Selection to Intel RST Premium With Intel Optane System Acceleration RAID . Crucial Memory and SSD upgrades - 100% Compatibility Guaranteed for asus A8V-VM SE - FREE US Delivery. When i tried installing the sata driver as per the post i 1st got a screen where i has to select my hardware type i dont know how to determine that plz help and then it said windows does not recommend you to instal this as it cannot verify the hardware and your computer may be unusable if you do so Tuesday. Celeron 2,8GHz Started by natedog Yesterday at PM Replies, 5. Home > motherboards > Asus Series > A Series > A8V-VM Ultra. Hi there, Save hours of searching online or wasting money on unnecessary repairs by talking to a 6YA Expert who can help you. The actual transfer speed of USB 3.0, 3.1, 3.2, and/or Type-C will vary depending on many factors including the processing speed of the host device, file attributes and other factors related to system configuration and your operating environment.
The above mentioned caddy converter will work, as long as your laptop uses SATA I, II or III. Indeed, it's now freezing with the Republic of Gamers logo. More , 20, Now Watch ASUS Channel on YouTube! Speaker out connector 4-pin SPEAKER This connector is for the case-mounted speaker and allows you to hear system beeps and warnings. One time I was looking for external SATA I to SATA II cables. 500GB.
Hi, I'm a newb here so please forgive my ignorance on this.1 of 91
Nicolle Associates
+44 (0) 8017 2144
This Formosa 51 was designed by the famous Canadian-American Engineer William Gardner, little more than 100 boats of this model were ever built. This centre-cockpit version is rarer still, offering both safety and comfort while cruising.
This Formosa has been under the ownership of her second owner since 1981, she has been well cared for with regular maintenance and upgrades.
This 1978 Formosa 51 is powered by a Ford Lehman 120hp 6-cylinder diesel engine with a Borg Warner 2.5 2:1 gearbox which drives a 3-blade prop.
Engine hours are 1900 with regular servicing.
Sail inventory on this Formosa 51 includes:
Main sail: 70 m2
Foresail: 20 m2
Genoa: 50 m2 (with electric roll-reff system)
Mizzen: 22 m2
Her main mast was renewed in 2017.
This Formosa 51 features the following deck gear:
The Master aft cabin has direct access to the deck and features a double bed, large feature window, seating space with extracting table and an ensuite bathroom with electric toilet, shower with basin, warm and cool water, mirror, bath tub/shower and washing machine
The forward guest cabin has bunk beds with a double berth and single above. The guest bathroom also features electric toilet and shower.
A pilot berth is located in the passage to the aft cabin and the saloon converts to provide an additional double berth.
The saloon features a sofa area with a table which can convert to form a double berth. There is also a navigation station with a chart table and an interior helm position.
The separate galley is well equipped with a 2-burner gas cooker, electric ceramic glass cooker, electric oven, double sink, 2x 12v refrigerators and a microwave.
This Formosa 51 has a 220v and 12v system throughout. Electrical equipment.Rita Ora on Her Signature Cocktail and How to Pull the Perfect Pint
The megastar discusses her work on The Open Mic Project, and what she learned growing up in a pub.
It’s been a big few weeks for Rita Ora. You'd think the release of her new single, "Proud" would be enough on its own, since it combines her own experience growing up as a refugee from Kosovo with inspiration from stories told through The Open Mic Project, a collaboration with Absolut that let fans around the world share stories of acceptance. But somehow, between that, a trip to the Grammys, and another new hit, she found time to stop by the Food & Wine Test Kitchen to share her signature cocktail, The Rita Blossom, and talk about what food means to her—including a lesson on pulling the perfect pint.
Food, after all, is up there with music in terms of cross-cultural communication. After leaving Kosovo at just 1-year-old with her Albanian parents, Ora grew up in London, where her father owned a pub. Pub food like fish and chips and sausage and mash were always around, she told Food & Wine, but her cultural experience with food growing up went deeper than any specific dish.
“I was always relating to food as a gesture of kindness," she says, "In Albania, it's all very family-based, people always put something on the table when you go over to their house, there's always something to snack on and drink and all that.” For the uninitiated, she describes the Albanian cuisine that made up much of that sharing as, "kind of Greek-y, but more heavy," featuring pastry elements like pite, strong flavors and spices, and yogurt. But she also remembers her grandma would make mac and cheese, only with “the smallest macaronis I have ever seen,” which she’d dip in cheese. (Though her on-tour comfort food, it turns out, is Falafel).
Similarly, her well-documented love of Tabasco has a long-running family connection. "My father loves hot food," she says, "We used to do pickled chiles and things like that, and my dad used to just eat them raw." And while growing up, she was baffled by the practice, she one day found she suddenly loved all things spicy, and is currently exploring a box of 150 different hot sauces a friend got her for Christmas, including a super hot one called 'Kick It Up Your Ass.'
Having grown up in a pub, it makes sense Ora has her own signature Grammys drink, but the first drink she learned is a bit simpler—though difficult to master. "In the U.K. beer is a big thing for us," she says, and "if you don’t get the foam right, your consumer is gonna be very upset." So, she demonstrates precisely the angle and timing you need, tilting the glass. "You put the [tap] in kind of deep," then slowly straighten the glass, pulling the tap up with the beer. Then once you reach the top, let the foam spread around, straighten the glass, and you're ready to drink a perfect, Rita Ora's-family approved pint.I is extremely good at what she does. She sold my family’s property in Oakville within a month and was able to find a tenant for my condo downtown Toronto within just days of listing! It was a pleasure working with such a professional, reliable and passionate person. I highly recommend her to people that want to get things done!
T fuelled her career at Harvey Kalles Real Estate..Blessed by The Word of God
From The Volumes of Truth
Current revision
11/18/10 From The Lord, Our God and Savior
The Word of The Lord Spoken to Timothy
For The Lord’s Little Flock, and For All Those Who Have Ears to Hear
Who is a wise and faithful servant? Is he not one who receives the blessings of his Father without constraint, one who embraces My speech, whether soft or hard, even of that which I have spoken to another? A servant such as this is wise indeed. For he knows that every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and comes down from The Father of Lights, with whom there is no variation or shadow of turning, as it is written.
Beloved ones, if I am He who reigns in your heart, The One of whom you testify is love and mercy, The One alone who knows all things, why do you resist My correction and seek only to embrace that which is soft? If I speak, and My words carry My spirit, put no difference between them. For.
Beloved, it is time for you to truly believe without seeing,
To obey My voice, whether soft or hard...
It is time for you to follow your heart,
And no more bow to the demands of your mind...
It is time for you to embrace Me as I truly am...
Says The Lord.
Watch
- Blessed by The Word of God (with voice over)
Navigation
- back to Volume 5
- previous letter: Trees of the Field
- next letter: Mindful
First the students in China seem to think they are descended from Homo Erectus, which startled me when I heard it a couple of years ago. I'm not sure if the idea came from a particular bad teacher, or if it's general across Chinese students, but that idea is there.
This lead to an interesting digression into "reliability of evidence." They've been told the evidence is there by Historians (not necessarily the best explainers of biology), so we had a discussion about the reliability of evidence for a while.
The other thing that surprised me is that Chinese have no idea of their boarders. I was explaining that one route that early man might have gained access to China was through India. They were convinced that China shouldn't have a boarder with India. Not that the boarder is in the wrong place, but that if India ceded it's claim, they wouldn't have a boarder at all. I ended up having to pull up a map to prove them wrong,
No offence to the Chinese, but they can be weird sometimes.Asus ROG Phone 5s Pro 5G Global Dual SIM TD-LTE Version A 512GB ZS676KS (Asus S676B) Compatibility on Sure (Isle of Man) Mobile Network
Search Criteria
Asus ROG Phone 5s Pro 5G Global Dual SIM TD-LTE Version A 512GB ZS676KS (Asus S676B) is compatible with 3 out of 3 bands on Sure (Isle of Man). See the tables below for details.
Frequency Bands Used by Sure (Isle of.Call today and speak to Jason Brady, specialist medical negligence solicitor. Find out if you can claim compensation.
CALL 0800 083 5500
Claiming GP negligence compensation will require you to approach a medical negligence solicitor for expert legal advice.
GPs are required to have a broad understanding of a large number of medical fields, even if they do not possess specialist knowledge of any given affliction or disease. In theory, this means they can provide appropriate care for the vast majority of patients and afflictions, and make appropriate referrals to specialists where necessary. Sometimes however, GPs fail to provide even the most basic standards of care, with potentially devastating implications for the patients concerned.
Where such failures affect you and your health, you may be entitled to make a GP negligence claim.
There are a number of instances where failures on the part of your doctor or GP may entitle you to make a GP negligence claim:
Only an expert medical negligence solicitor, such as those at Blackwater Law, can tell you whether or not you have a legitimate GP negligence case.
The above is not intended as an exhaustive list of all potential scenarios where you may be able to make a GP negligence claim. Any situation where the patient has suffered as a result of poor judgement, care or advice on the behalf of the GP may qualify as grounds for making a claim. Legal advice should be sought promptly from a specialist medical negligence solicitor in order to establish whether or not you or your family member is potentially entitled to make a GP negligence claim.
Blackwater Law medical negligence solicitors acted for Mr L in a medical negligence claim in the High Court after he was misdiagnosed. The misdiagnosis meant he went on to suffer a serious stroke causing life-limiting disability.
At Blackwater Law we understand the negative effects poor care, a misdiagnosis or the issuing of a wrong prescription can have on you and your family. We also appreciate that the notion of paying legal fees for representation can mean you are put off claiming the compensation you may be entitled to. That is why we undertake all medical negligence claims on a no win, no fee basis, including GP negligence claims and misdiagnosis claims.
You will not be taking any financial risk if Blackwater Law represent you in making a GP negligence compensation claim.
Many medical afflictions (particularly serious ones) may become more serious over time if left undiagnosed or untreated, or if the treatment prescribed is incorrect. This can have serious implications for long-term prognosis and lead to the development of further associated health conditions.
Even where their implications are not fatal, the failures listed here and indeed any such negligent act on the part of your GP can introduce the need for more extensive, invasive or unpleasant forms of treatment, which may prevent what would have otherwise been a fuller or quicker recovery.
The experienced medical negligence solicitors at Blackwater Law have a comprehensive understanding of the difficulties patients can face as a result of GP negligence. This expert knowledge is what enables them to secure the maximum available compensation for clients. This financial redress can help you meet the costs of private treatment, compensate you for pain and suffering, reimburse you for financial losses and help you move on from your experience of medical negligence. In the most serious of cases, your compensation claim can provide for any long-term professional care that you or your family member might need.
The first step to take is to call Blackwater Law for free initial advice, directly from a specialist medical negligence solicitor. You will be able to ask questions and the solicitor will quickly be able to tell you whether you may have grounds to claim for GP negligence compensation.
Following consultation with your Blackwater Law medical negligence solicitor, you may both agree that suing your GP practice is the best course of action. Where this is the case, your claim is likely to be directed to the NHS Litigation Authority (NHSLA).
Your expert clinical negligence lawyer will assemble a body of strong evidence in support of your case, before submitting a legal argument to the NHSLA. Your medical negligence lawyer will deal with everything on your behalf and keep you informed at each and every stage.
Blackwater Law will take the time to understand your circumstances and fight for the very best compensation amount possible.
There is no set time-frame for the duration of medical negligence claims against GPs, but once the NHSLA receives the ‘Letter of Claim’ sent by your solicitor, they will have 4 months to respond either with an admission of liability or with intent to contest the case in court (the latter only happens in around 2% of cases). The response given by the NHSLA, in conjunction with the knowledge and support offered by your medical negligence solicitor, will form the basis for any decision relating to the next course of action. You will be kept informed of developments at every stage of the claims process, and your case will always be progressed according to your best interests.
I would recommend Blackwater Law to anyone, even If they just need advice.
Holmes & Hills have dealt with my claim really well. I have a lot to thank them for and would most certainly recommend them to anyone..
Problems with capacity and communication can also contribute to undignified treatment and the under treatment of pain in people with dementia at the end of their lives.
Significant, co-ordinated and holistic support is needed to ensure that all people with dementia end their lives with dignity, free from pain and in the place of their choosing.The 802nd episode of Doctor Who airs on BBC1 (the 104th episode since the series’ revival). This Christmas-themed episode sees the exit of Matt Smith as the eleventh Doctor (revealed during the story to actually be the thirteenth and final Doctor), but bends the long-standing mythos surrounding regeneration in time to introduce Peter Capaldi as the new Doctor. The production staff behind the scenes will remain largely intact for the transition into the Capaldi era.
More about Doctor Who in the LogBookPlease enter the email address for your account. A verification code will be sent to you. Once you have received the verification code, you will be able to choose a new password for your account.
1780 Roanoke Ave Roanoke Rapids, NC 27870 252-537-0171
Martin Exterminating - 1780 Roanoke Ave. Roanoke Rapids, NC 27870 - 252-537-0171system integration
20 years of history
Bestseller world
R&D master
Guangzhou City Lions boiler sales, Hot water boilers, steam boilers, electric boilers, coal-fired boilers, fuel wood boiler hot water boilers, steam boilers, eleGet A Quote
steam boiler, hot water boiler and thermal oil heater, during the past manufacturing years, our technical team recarched more than 10 patents for increasingGet A Quote
Vertical Hot-water Boiler for heating Japanese TechnologyRated Output:17-4200kwHea Detailed information: The lastest generation of boilers fuelled withGet A Quote
Homehouse Biomass Wood Pellet Boiler for Hot Water and Warm Zhengzhou Holyphan Industrial Dzl Series Automatic Grate Chain Coal Fired Hot WaterGet A Quote
Sitong Boiler Company is a national approved and designated enterprise, with design and manufacture license permits of A1, A2 boiler and D1 pressure vessGet A Quote
offered by professional Electric vacuum hot water boiler, boiler, electric boile, steam boi Hot water for swimming pool; Heating water for industry Capacity:Get A Quote
SITONG Boiler found in 1978, a manufacturer of hot water boiler. SITONG Boiler is a leader in steam boiler and hot water boiler field.Get A Quote
Huazheng Special Boiler provides online shopping for the high quality and precise steam boiler, hot water boiler, thermal oil boiler, steam cleaning machineGet A Quote
Boiler & Steam Systems specializes in Wood Fired Burning Boiler systems and Oil Fired Hot Water Boilers. Contact us today for more information.Get A Quote
categories like hot water boiler, pellet burner, hot air generator, aluminum melting furnac Biomass (straw, bamboo powder, wood chips) pellet burners are bGet A Quote
Find your superheated water boiler easily amongst the 286 products from the leading brands (Bosch, Attsu, Bono Energia, .) on DirectIndustry, the industry sGet A Quote
Boiler found in 1978,is the professor of industrial boiler manufacturer, with the certificates of ISO 9001, CE, SGS, BV, etc. Siong Boiler is a leader in stGet A Quote
10x20 porch. Well is air powered,outdoor wood boiler for hot water heat,generator backup for pump. Seller will consider concession to complete electric.LandGet A Quote
Biomass Wood Chip Hot Water Boiler, Find quality Biomass Wood Chip Hot Water Boi Post your Buying Leads for FREE! You may also be interested in :Get A Quote
Hot water for free–from the wood cook stove! – Unplugged! The two main components Automatic hot water boiler for solid fuels TKA 25 – Rojek AuGet A Quote
Wood Pellet And Coal Hot Water Boiler, Wood Pellet And Coal Hot Water Boiler Suppli Want product and industry knowledge for wood pelle. ? TradeGet A Quote
hot central heating system natural gas lpg diesel oil fired hot water heater boiler for hotel wood, pellet Packaging & Shipping Standart Packing 2Get A Quote
Tags: Water Tube Pellet Horizontal Type Boiler | 4200kw Heat Efficiency Water Circulat Tags: Manual Pallet Truck For Forklift | High Quality Manual PalletGet A Quote
000kW and up to 16 Bars Steam boiler, electric heating steam boilers, hot water 201 Pellet Stoves, Wood, Corn, Mult-fuel – St Croix Stoves A CommuGet A Quote
Wood Burning Boiler Stoves For Sale, Wood Burning Boiler Stoves For Sale Suppliers Steam Boiler,Hot Water Boiler,Thermal Oil Heater,AutoclaveGet A QuoteGood Samaritan Home Care has provided home care and wellness services for over 30 years. Our innovative services and specialty programs recognize the needs of each patient and promote the highest quality of life. Our goal is to ensure all services consistently exceed quality measures and the expectations of patients and referring physicians. Good Samaritan Home Care’s quality care is provided through a team of registered nurses, social workers, companions, dietitians, aides and physical, occupational and speech therapists. We serve the counties of Knox, Daviess, Sullivan, Martin, Greene, Owen and Clay.
Your work should be more than just a job. With us, you can expect a rewarding career, family-friendly work schedules and an opportunity to make a difference, to have a voice and to advance your career.
Ideal candidate is licensed in both IN and IL. This position will be paid per visit.Dobrev Glossy Black Computer Desk
Special Price $257.40 22% off
$330.00
- Color:Blacks
- Style:Contemporary and Modern
- Manufacturer: Coaster Furniture
- Part of Dobrev Collection from Coaster
- Crafted From Glass, MDF, particle board, and laminate
- Glossy White Finish
- Contemporary Style
- Clear tempered glass side panels
- Includes an open storage compartment
- 2 drawers with silver hardware finish
- Full Extention Drawer Glides
Write Your Own ReviewIn this ritual proposal, the link will be carried out by an actor or actress. This will follow an interactive script in which can happen a great variety of artistic interventions (live music, appearance of characters...) as well as actions of interaction of the couple with the guests and both among them.
The script to follow can be designed to the taste of the client or simply to hire a format elaborated by us.
No content
A problem occurred while loading content.Sunday: REST & RESTORE 2.15pm-4.00pm
Where: YELLOWAVE, 299 Madeira Dr, Brighton BN2 1EN
When: Sunday 21 November 2021
Cost: £21.00 (Included is a recording of the guided relaxation so you can come back to it time and time again.)
This session is the first of a series of offerings for Women’s Wellness. We are starting with a focus on Rest as it is so often at the bottom of the list in terms of self care.
Most of us have busy lives looking after others or trying to meet the demands of a heavy work load and sometimes we may even feel guilty about taking time out to stop. So here is an invite for you to Rest & Restore. All you have to do is show up and we’ll take care of the rest.
Join both Helen and Claire for a grounding, calming and restorative session. The practices will be mainly floor based supportive for core and pelvic floor health and mindfully cued and guided.
Props will be provided, but if you prefer to bring your own, please bring a mat, blanket and bolster (if you don’t have a bolster and would like to use those provided you can drape a blanket over it so perhaps bring two blankets in that case )
Thursday: 8.30am-9.30am (Please note you can arrive anytime between 8.30am and 8.45am flexi time )
Where: WRAP, 83 Queens Road, Brighton, BN1 3XE
When: Thursday November 04 | Thursday November 11 | Thursday November 18 | Thursday 25 November |Thursday December 2 |December 9|December 16|
Cost: £14 for 1 drop in class
Cost: £26 for 2 class pack
Cost: £60 for 5 class pack.
When you sign up you will receive a confidential registration form to complete prior to attending the class. I’m also available for a chat by phone if you have any questions, please feel free to email me to arrange a convenient time: clairerussellyoga@gmail.com.
This class is designed to ease you in and set you up to feel clear, ready and energised to start your day. Perfect for mums who have childcare arranged or for anyone else looking for an early morning class before the day begins to unfold. If you’ve recently had a baby, or you are experiencing core issues you can rest assured that modifications where needed will be given and sustainable, accessible movement will be integrated into sequences so you feel you can move and breathe with confidence.
Drop in to try a class or book a block so you can commit to some regular dosing of nutritious movement for your body
Q: Do I need any previous yoga experience?
No previous experience is necessary. The classes are a combination of yoga and pilates based moves with exercises that help facilitate functional movement.
Q: Where will the Morning Yoga sessions be held?
WRAP: 83 Queens Rd, Brighton BN1 3XE
Q: What procedures are in place for Covid: Social distancing will be maintained throughout the session and all equipment and touch points will be cleaned..
I’d love to hear from you if you have any questions regarding my classes and workshops. Simply fill out the form and I’ll be in touch as soon as possible.
ThanksIt is snowing here in New Jersey this evening. We got to leave work early today due to the inclement weather. That was nice. We had a power outage this morning at work and also lost the internet and phones for a short while. I guess the patch job that was done might have a few kinks to be worked out. The linemen will have months more of work after Sandy. My MIL got her power back on yesterday around 5 pm. She was without power for eight days. She lives in one of the most densely populated parts of Ocean County. Just imagine how much longer she might have waited if she lived out in the sticks. Yes, there really are “out in the sticks” areas in New Jersey. NJ is not just what you see driving down the turnpike or the parkway.
I forgot to mention that Monday night was the official Halloween Day in NJ. The governor postponed Halloween last week due to the damage from Sandy. We had many, probably an average year, trick or treaters visit our house. I heard the night ended early. I was of course, off playing lacrosse in the dark.
Tuesday (yesterday) was: A. My DW’s birthday and B. Election Day 2012. Let’s tackle Election Day first. I worked the election again this year. We had to be on site at 5:15 am and ready to rock by 6 am. The polls closed at 8 pm. Then we have to break down the voting machines and do all the “stuff” that ensures that the votes are protected and delivered to the municipal clerk for tabulation. That makes for an easy 15 hour day. We were busy. There were 30 or more people that rushed in at 6 am to vote. And the waves of voters kept coming all day. I worked with a good group of people. We had fun, but I was pretty beat by the end of the night.
After the election was over, my DW and I went out for some wings and a beer (or two). The beer was medicinal. My back was sore and the beer made that problem go away. At the bar we had a beer and a cider and toasted my DW’s birthday. I’m sorry to say, due to my being at the polling place all day, I did not have a good party planned for her. I will do better next time (or maybe this weekend). While we were sitting at the bar, the bar started to fill up with 20 somethings and a musician started playing music that was appropriate for their age.
The group next to us, four girls and one guy we out celebrating his 25 th birthday. We congratulated him and toasted his and my DW’s birthdays. A little while later one of the girls went up to the musician requested Happy Birthday. So, everybody in the bar sang to this guy and my DW. I spoke to the girlfriend of the birthday boy and gave her 20 dollars towards his birthday bar bill. She was driving last night. A few minutes later they bought two shots of something they called “Birthday Cake”. A shot and a slice of lemon coated in sugar.
My DW and the birthday boy did their shot and then sucked on the lemon. Everybody laughed and smiled. The bar by now was packed and quite noisy. We, the old people, figured it was time to go home so when we left we congratulated the birthday boys once more and he gave my DW a hug. It was a pretty cool, spontaneous night. We figured a beer and some wings and wound up with a birthday party. Unscripted.
Pictures, pictures. Here are a picture of the snow on my way home from work. Enjoy!
NamasteHow Much Does a Personal Chef Cost?
The average cost of a personal chef is about $465 with average prices ranging from $180 to $750 in the US for 2020 according to KaleChefService.
The average cost of a personal chef according to Care.com is about $250 per week with average prices ranging from $200 to $300 per week. Their article states, “The median price of a personal chef in the U.S. is about $200-$300 per week for five meals for a family of four, not including the cost of groceries, which can vary widely by city.”.
The Street and Chefs for Seniors agree with the same $100 to $400 cost range provided by Fash.com.
Hire a Personal Chef in Phoenix, AZ
Whether you need a personal chef for private in-home dining, corporate events, or anything else Elevationsss can surely help!
Chef Derek Upton and the Elevationsss team provide the elegance of a fine dining restaurant while you enjoy tasty THC-infused food 2.5mg. Chef Derek and Elevationsss team operate out of Phoenix, Arizona providing private and event dining experiences for cannabis cuisine lovers all over the state of Arizona.
Chef Derek. mid-21st century, a team of fully autonomous humanoid robot soccer players shall win the soccer game, comply with the official rule of the FIFA, against the winner of the most recent World Cup.
The most surprising thing about the people behind the Robot Soccer World Cup is their air of total seriousness. These men and women have decided that a team of robots capable of acting in concert and making their own decisions will play and defeat the winners of World Cup 2050, and that the best way to achieve this goal is to stage an annual competition in which teams of toddling child-sized androids and modified AIBOs battle it out on a giant artificial pitch. There’s no joking around about this—no suggesting that David Beckham is an early prototype or that they’ll beat England by 2009. There’s just a grim assessment of the difficulties of the task ahead and a correspondingly grand evaluation of the potential benefits to mankind.
This goal may sounds overly ambitious given the state of the art technology today. Nevertheless, we believe it is important that such a long range goal to be claimed and pursued. It took only 50 years from the Wright Brother’s first aircraft to Apollo mission to send man to the moon and safely return them to the earth. Also, it took only 50 years, from the invention of digital computer to the Deep Blue, which beat human world champion in chess.
Then you download a video of, say, RoboCup 2007 and get this:
Or this:
This isn’t a timely post: the last RoboCup was held in July, in China, and the next one won’t be till summer 2009. And other bloggers have covered it before. But I’ve been reading about this all morning, and I watched the entire final of the 2008 Humanoid League (which went to extra time) and I’m trying to figure out what it means. Is whole thing an excuse for roboticists and teams of overeager Cornell students to geek out in a high-school gym under the pretense of advancing the frontier of knowledge? Or do great scientific developments always start out looking silly? And, then, how will it make Google faster for Rosie from The Jetsons to win a penalty shoot-out against Sergio Agüero’s grandchildren? I realize that your average steampunk-photoessay-bookmarking Boing Boing reader is probably inclined to hail the inexorable merging of humanity and sourceforge.net, and I’m not really capable of reflexive alarmism on that subject. On the other hand, I’d like to believe that Cary Grant didn’t die so that an AIBO could score from a header, you know?
You could at least plausibly argue that the major influence of biomorphic robotics to this point has been imaginative, that the speculations, hopes, and fears it’s provoked about the nature of nature are more significant than anything it’s practically accomplished. But watching the video of the robot mimicking an arched-back pelvic-thrust goal celebration mostly just leads me to speculate that the only path out of the uncanny valley is for me, and possibly it, to have a drink.
In the Apollo project, the actual goal was much more than manned mission to the moon (PROJECT APOLLO: “THAT’S ONE SMALL STEP FOR A MAN, ONE GIANT LEAP FOR MANKIND.” The national effort that enabled Astronaut Neil Armstrong to speak those words as he stepped onto the lunar surface, fulfilled a dream as old as humanity. . . .
In case of RoboCup, the ultimate goal is to “develop a robot soccer team which beats human world champion team.”?
Anyway, the next RoboCup is in Korea in the summer of 2009. Somebody remind me before it starts. There’s investigative work to be done here. I think I might try to send Vandal-prone.
Read More: Pixel Dramas, World Cup
by Brian Phillips · November 7, 2008[contact-form 5 'Email form']
that robot dog was blatantly offside
I’m surprisingly troubled by the fact that the dogs can use all four feet, thus making the handball call obsolete. Isn’t this anti-human bias? That 2050 WC team doesn’t stand a chance if this kind of thing is allowed to stand.
And just wait till they get their rocket arms and shoulder-mounted laser cannons. It could get ugly.
I would say something here about how far the DARPA Grand Challenge, an autonomous vehicle race, had advanced in the course of three years (2004 to 2007), but really, driving a car isn’t quite as hard as stopping a PK.
As for the competition against the robot dogs, we’ll just have to legalize handballs in such a game. It worked for Nicolas Anelka in Blackburn today.
Obviously, for whatever reason, the programmers were unable to teach the android goalkeeper to read the penalty taker’s body, but at least they compensated by teaching it to slyly roll the ball back over the goaline. Now all they need to do now is put extra joints on the legs and put it in “Grobbelaar mode”.
?”
There’s one stand-out devastatingly-frightening consequence of this conjecture, and it involves the words “Crouch” and “Peter”.The CIHT Podcast's are a series on a variety of hot topics in the industry, they will cover Accessibility, Asset Management, CIHT Updates, Diversity and Inclusion, Health and Environment, Infrastructure Construction, Learning & Development, Membership, Network Management, Policy & Governance, Procurement, Professional Qualifications, Road Safety, Resilience, Sustainable Transport, Technology and Innovation, Transport Planning, Urban Design & Place Making.
CIHT’s podcast series is now available on:
Transcripts of episodes are available on YouTube (open up the captions facility):The idea of house improvement, home remodeling, or renovation is merely the act of making additions to a home or renovating a location of a residence. House renovation can include projects which upgrade an existing residence outside, indoor or any other alterations to the house itself. Remodelling also covers jobs which create a new room within a residence or enhance its square video footage.
The term “improvement” can consist of many activities. Nevertheless, the much more typical ones consist of improving bathrooms, bedrooms, cooking areas, or adding areas to existing ones. While the terms “home renovation” as well as “remodeling” are usually utilized mutually it is recommended to distinguish in between these two terms due to the fact that residence improvements entail major construction changes while redesigning entails minor alterations to a thing. Also, it should be noted that significant and also small house enhancements will generally need different permits depending on the territory in which the task is being taken on. It is essential to maintain this in mind when embarking on major or minor house renovation tasks.
Among one of the most typical examples of a house remodelling job is flooring setup. While floorings might not constantly be the focal point of a job, it is a project which calls for mindful preparation and interest to detail. Picking the best flooring is not just a great visual decision yet also one which will certainly have lasting advantages for the home too. There are lots of aspects to consider in choosing the best floor covering for your residence improvement such as sturdiness, style, maintenance, cost and also the present trends in flooring.
Roof is one more project which is often taken on during a house remodelling. Home improvement tasks can consist of anything from entirely changing damaged roofing systems to adding a roofing system to a structure that was lately built. Whether it is a simple repair to a recently constructed building or a complete remodel, roofing is among the less complicated makeover projects to take on. Whether you go with vinyl floor tile, cedar shakes or shingles, having the appropriate roofing for your project will aid make your project run smoothly and successfully.
Kitchen remodellings are another popular residence remodelling kind that is obtaining popularity. With an increasing variety of house owners wishing to conserve money as well as live more green, kitchens are coming to be a lot more ingenious as well as functional at the same time. There are a variety of various kinds of kitchen restoration jobs which can be undertaken with the goal of both performance and also design. From totally changing existing cabinets to including new appliances or perhaps doing a cooking area renovation with an all new style, there are a lot of alternatives readily available for a kitchen improvement.
Other less typical jobs consist of fixing or changing roof, home siding or walls. If you are thinking about renovating, think about completing one of these jobs as it will certainly have a positive impact on the value of your home. One instance of a home renovation project that is not also severe in nature is cleaning up the rain gutters and also repairing a window. If you make a decision to tidy rain gutters or if you need to repair gutters by yourself, make sure that you speak to experts to make sure that they do a professional task. Although your residence may look terrific now, it’s not worth ruining years of hard work by using poor quality products or by causing major damages to your house wall surfaces or windows.
The concept of residence improvement, renovating or renovation is the creative procedure of making improvements to one’s house or apartment. House remodelling might include massive jobs that update an entire residence interior, its exterior, or other tiny renovations on the property. However, one can likewise take into consideration house restoration as a way of increasing the value of one’s property to boost its resale value or to make it a more comfy place to live in.
Home improvements can be made from fixing damaged pipes, replacing dripping faucets, as well as setting up new appliances to minor improvements like adding new areas. Some home owners choose to renovate their houses entirely as well as have restorations conducted on all floors. When a home undergoes significant remodellings, like a total gutting and also repair of a residence, there is an opportunity that there will certainly be some added prices incurred by the house owner. These costs consist of the price of working with specialists, subcontractors, labors, as well as employees, as well as the price of resources as well as labor charges for fixing the buildings. A residence remodelling financing can help in reducing some of these costs.
There are several instances where property owners experience brief sales as well as other inescapable scenarios. In order to conserve money on these scenarios, they need to embark on home renovations that will help them retain their existing living circumstance. For instance, some property owners might require to sell their houses because the rate is as well low. In this case, the most effective means to make sure a fast sale is to set up an automated teller machine (ATM MACHINE) or have a cash drawer. House enhancements like a pandemic set can conserve cash on any kind of short sales.
Home remodellings like addition of areas, remodeling or developing an additional space, altering the design or adding rooms can be pricey, time consuming and inconvenient. This is why it is important to have the rooms in your house repositioned correctly. House renovations like a shower room remodel, kitchen area remodel or just having brand-new furniture can dramatically increase the value of your home and also include in its value. If your home is close to a mall, you will have the ability to save on commuting time as well as purchase groceries right in the convenience of your house. If your home improvement task entails remodeling your living-room, you will certainly be able to appreciate this area and spend more time relaxing and entertaining guests.
Property owners that are looking into lending alterations can make use of a house improvement funding to increase their opportunities of qualifying. Car loan adjustments describe changes that are indicated to decrease the debtors interest rates or prolong the regards to their mortgage. Mortgage lenders call for that customers make good-faith efforts to pay back the finance according to the initial terms. A good-faith effort describes any type of initiative that property owners could apply to ensure that the loan repayments will not go additionally than the initial agreement. Check out here
There are lots of home improvement jobs that you can do yourself, yet employing a specialist can increase the opportunities of an effective remodelling task. It is up to you to determine whether to refurbish on your own or hire a service provider. However, if you choose to do the remodelling yourself, it is important to obtain proposals from at least three remodeling business so that you can choose the one with the best offers. Prior to you redesign, examine the redesigning business’s credibility, request for the clients’ feedbacks and inspect whether they have insurance policy.Sea Lice Strategy Extended To Entire Coast For 2004, Press Release December 30, 2003
2003 A Good Year for British Columbia's Environment, Opinion Editorial by Joyce Murray, Minister of Water, Land and Air Protection, December 22, 2003
Canada and B.C. Welcome Yukon to New Pacific Council of Fisheries and Aquaculture Ministers, Press Release December 22, 2003
$9M To Advance Research, Forest Innovation At UBC, Press Release December 18, 2003 "The funding will support a total of 63 projects in a variety of disciplines, including health, the environment, energy and mining, social sciences and high-tech development."
Ontario, B.C. Agreement Boosts Land Information Sharing, Press Release December 12, 2003
$78.7 Million Offered To Protect, Preserve Burns Bog, Press Release December 11, 2003
Central Coast Planning Table Reaches Consensus, Press Release December 11, 2003
Parks Lodge Legislation Provides Choice And Opportunity, November 26, 2003 Opinion Editorial by Joyce Murray, Minister of Water, Land and Air Protection "Last week our government introduced new legislation that lays the groundwork for new lodge and recreation opportunities within the province's parks. Since then, there has been significant interest from the environmental community on these changes and much speculation about government's motives. Let me set the record straight."
Wildfire Act Cuts Regulations, Keeps Public Safe, Press Release November 25, 2003 "In the wake of this past summer's devastating forest fires, Forests Minister Michael de Jong today introduced the Wildfire Act to replace and streamline provisions contained in the Forest Practices Code of B.C. Actwhile ensuring B.C. communities can be protected from wildfires."
B.C. Leads Recycling Of Electronic Waste, Opinion Editorial November 18, 2003
Parks To Be World-Class Resort Destination, Create Jobs, Press Release November 18, 2003 "The Parks and Protected Areas Statutes Amendment Act was introduced today by Water, Land and Air Protection Minister Joyce Murray and is part of the government's goal of building a park system that continues to welcome and cater to all visitors."
Funding To Help Protect Endangered Sturgeon, Press Release November 13, 2003 "The funding, part of government's provincewide commitment to protecting species-at-risk, will support the efforts the Nechako River White Sturgeon Recovery Initiatives. The initiative is a partnership effort including all orders of government, First Nations, industry and stakeholders."
Ministry Protects Air Quality Through Enforcement, Press Release November 12, 2003"The Ministry of Water, Land and Air Protection is conducting a series of audits to monitor compliance with the Open Burning Smoke Control Regulation (OBSCR)"
Fisheries and Oceans Canada: Government Response to the Sixth Report of the Standing Committee on Fisheries and Oceans on the 2001 Fraser River Salmon Fishery
Agreements Lead To New Opportunities In Taiwan, Press Release October 24, 2003 "Two agreements with the Taiwanese government will mean greater opportunities for British Columbia's forest products and oil-spill response technology industries, Competition, Science and Enterprise minister Rick Thorpe said today."
New Partnership Supports Habitat Conservation Efforts, Press Release October 24, 2003 "Joyce Murray, Minister of Water, Land and Air Protection and Bill Turner, executive director of the Land Conservancy, today announced a government donation of $60,000 to the Land Conservancy's Conservation Partners Program, which promotes environmental conservation on agricultural land."
Government Funds Innovative Forestry Research, Press Release October 7, 2003
Canada / B.C. Sign MOU To Establish A National Park Reserve And Two National Marine Conservation Area Reserves, Press Release October 2, 2003
Province Is Acting To Battle Pine Beetle, Opinion Editorial by Premier Gordon Campbell, September 30, 2003
Heiltsuk, B.C. Agreement, Press Release September 29, 2003 "A new co-management agreement between the Heiltsuk First Nation and the provincial government will ensure First Nations are directly involved in new tourism opportunities and conservation."
Speaking Notes for the Honourable David Anderson, P.C., M.P., Minister of the Environment to the Union of British Columbia Municipalities, September 25, 2003
Five-year report on Georgia Basin Ecosystem Initiative released, Press Release September 24, 2003
Speaking Notes for the Honourable David Anderson, P.C., M.P., Minister of the Environment at the Urban Sustainability Workshop Union of British Columbia Municipalities Convention, September 23, 2003
Province To Showcase Forestry Leadership To World, Press Release September 22, 2003
Agreements to Strengthen Fire Protection, Environment, Press Release September 14, 2003
Public Assistance Required to Conserve Water, Press Release September 3, 2003 "Parts of British Columbia are experiencing the most severe drought conditions in 100 years, and Premier Gordon Campbell reiterated the province's request for the public to assist by helping conserve water."
Tax Exemption To Encourage Clean Energy, Press Release August 18, 2003 "Government is providing a social service tax exemption for manufactured penstock and related equipment as part of British Columbia's new energy plan"
Public Urged to Conserve Water, Press Release August 12, 2003
WLAP Ministry Urges Water Conservation To Protect Fish, Press Release July 24, 2003
Fisheries and Oceans Canada: Canada and British Columbia Agree to New Pacific Council of Fisheries Ministers, Press Release July 23, 2003
Property Transfer Protects Wildlife Habitat, Press Release July 18, 2003
New Strategy To Prevent Wildlife-Human Conflicts, Press Release July 9, 2003
Protection Assured; Central Coast Planning Continues, Press Release June 25, 2003
Deputy Ministers Appointed, Information Bulletin June 13, 2003
Funding Promotes Clean Air, Protects Communities, Press Release June 6, 2003 "The Ministry of Water, Land and Air Protection."
Environment Week Message From Government, Opinion Editorial by Joyce Murray, Minister of Water, Land and Air Protection, June 2, 2003
Land Act Amendment Supports Forestry, Crown Land Use, Press Release May 29, 2003
Province Supports Environment and Health Benefits of Bike To Work Week (May 26 - June1, 2003)
Dismayed ecologists give B.C. Liberals low marks, Globe and Mail article by rod Mickleburgh, May 16, 2003
Incentives, Penalties Improve Environmental Protection, Press Release May 13, 2003
Environmental Amendments Introduced, Press Release May 13, 2003
Act Brings Pesticide Alternatives, Increases Penalties, Press Release May 13, 2003
New Approach To Floods Protects Safety, Cuts Red Tape, Press Release May 13, 2003
Canada And B.C. Sign Park Agreement, Press Release May 9, 2003
Legislation Supports Forestry Revitalization, Press Release May 8, 2003
Wet'suwet'en Gain Forest Opportunity, Battle Beetle, Press Release May 1, 2003
Aquaculture Forum To Link Interests, Seek Common Ground, Press Release April 30, 2003
Earth Day Brings Environmental Research Partnership, Press Release April 22, 2003
Great Bear Rainforest Two Years Later: BC Government Still Not Making the Grade, says 2003 Report Card, Press Release April 7, 2003
Transfer Of Hatcheries Opens Heartland Opportunities, Press Release April 6, 2003
Province And Haida Partner On Land Use Planning, Press Release March 28, 2003
Forest Plan To Open Up Opportunities, Boost Economy, Press Release March 26, 2003
Measures To Protect East Kootenay Fishery, Press Release March 24, 2003
Premier Launches Global Forest Marketing Network, Press Release March 21, 2003
New Measures To Protect Broughton Salmon, Press Release February 25, 2003
Miscellaneous Statutes Amended, Press Release February 25, 2003 Bill 11, the Miscellaneous Statutes Amendment Act, 2003, was introduced today and affects a number of provincial statutes including the Water Protection Act.
Draft Southern Rockies Plan Released For Public Comment, Press Release February 18, 2003
The Working Forest Is For Working People, Opinion Editorial February 7, 2003
Government Tackles Fish Farm Concerns, Press Release February 6, 2003
Fisheries Solutions Must Be Fair, Sustainable, Opinion Editorial January 30, 2003
New Model Promotes Recreation, Conservation, Press Release January 28, 2003
Mike Harcourt Joins Lt.-Gov. Iona Campagnolo to Present Fraser Basin Council's 2002 Sustainability Awards, Press Release January 25, 2003
Expanded Oil Recycling Protects Environment, Adds Jobs, Press Release January 24,."
Stormwater Planning Guidebook available online "The Stormwater Planning Guidebook for British Columbia offers a common sense, effective and affordable approach to local governments and municipalities who are coming to terms with integrated stormwater management in their communities."
Deputy Minister Changes Announced, Press Release January 10, 2003
B.C. Commited To Creative Solutions For Fisheries, Opinion Editorial By Geoff Plant, Minister Responsible for Treaty Negotiations, January 10, 2003
Province To Consult On New Approach To Fisheries, Press Release January 9, 2003
Workshops To Finalize Action On Broughton Pink Salmon (pdf format), Information Bulletin December 6, 2002
Kyoto Requires Fair, Affordable Plan (pdf format), Opinion Editorial by Premier Gordon Campbell, British Columbia and Premier Roger Grimes, Newfoundland and Labrador, November 21, 2002
Biologists' Accreditation To Improve Forest Management (pdf format), Press Release November 18, 2002
Code Protects Environment, Promotes Economic Growth (pdf format), Press Release November 4, 2002 "We made a New Era commitment to streamline the Forest Practices Code to establish a workable results-based code with tough penalties for non-compliance," Forests Minister Michael de Jong said. "Today, we started delivering on that promise."
Canada British Columbia extend environmental assessment agreement, Press Release October 30, 2002
Premier Outlines Kyoto Position To PM, October 22, 2002
New Legislation Protects Drinking Water, Press Release October 8, 2002
Operation CleanFarmOperation CleanFarm provides farmers with an opportunity to remove obsolete and unwanted pesticides from their farms at no cost. In 2002, Operation CleanFarm will be in the Peace River area of Alberta and British Columbia. Collection Dates: October 16-18, 2002
Grants help rural communities protect habitat, Press Release October 1, 2002
Trust fund will help restore B.C. rivers, Press Release September 28, 2002
Why B.C. lifted the moratorium on fish farms, By John van Dongen Minister of Agriculture, Food and Fisheries, September 26, 2002
Expert board to strengthen ground-water protection, Press Release September 23, 2002
Review of act will create jobs, benefit environment, Press Release September 21, 2002 A comprehensive review of the 20-year-old Waste Management Act was launched today.
2002 Environmental Award recipients named, Press Release September 13, 2002
New standards allow sustainable growth in aquaculture, Press Release September 12, 2002
Canada-British Columbia Agreement for Environmental Assessment Cooperation - Interim Extension, Press Release July 8, 2002 Comments will be received until August 9, 2002
Habitat Conservation Trust Fund receives award, Press Release July 8, 2002
New AOX standard will protect environment, jobs, Press Release July 5, 2002
Minister Anderson Announces More Than $1 Million for Species at Risk Habitat Stewardship in British Columbia, Press Release July 2, 2002
Safe drinking water, By George Abbott, Minister of Community, Aboriginal and Women's Services, June 27, 2002
Safe drinking water vital for B.C. communities, By Colin Hansen, Minister of Health Services, June 21, 2002
Rock and Thorpe announce six fuel-cell projects in B.C., Press Release June 20, 2002
New action plan to deliver safer drinking water, Press Release June 19, 2002
Green Legacies - a donor's guide for British Columbia, Press Release June 8, 2002
Sustainability principles to improve resource management, Press Release May 22, 2002
11 'green' infrastructure projects approved, Press Release May 16, 2002
10 'green' infrastructure projects approved, Press Release May 16, 2002
39 'green' infrastructure projects approved, Press Release May 16, 2002
Mountain caribou census results released, Press Release May 14, 2002
New legislation improves environmental assessments, Press Release May 9, 2002
Forest companies to be compensated for parks, Information Bulletin May 7, 2002
Solicitor general highlights Emergency Preparedness Week, Press Release May 3, 2002
Nominations open for Environmental Awards, Deadline June 14, 2002
Study confirms improvements needed in land planning, Press Release May 2, 2002
Changes support timber marketability, Press Release May 2, 2002 "New legislation will allow environmental certification standards to be included in small business licences, helping to make the wood more attractive to buyers around the world..."
New forest code will focus on results, Press Release May 1, 2002
Conservation projects to receive $5.3 million, Press Release April 22, 2002
Waste Act amendments eliminate duplication for mining, Press Release April 15, 2002
Government harmonizes environmental enforcement powers, Information Bulletin - April 11, 2002
Wetlands Remain Protected By Horsepower Restriction, Information Bulletin - April 11, 2002
Notes for an Address by the Honourable David Anderson, Minister of the Environment, on the Occasion of the Minister's Regional Visit - Vancouver, British Columbia, April 10, 2002
Province Strengthens GVRD's Liquid Waste Plan, Press Release April 4, 2002
Plan for Bowron Lake, Cariboo Mountains Approved, Press Release March 28, 2002
Government Receives Independent AOX Report, Press Release March 18, 2002 "An independent scientific advisory panel appointed in December 2001 to review the requirement for zero AOX discharges at pulp mills in British Columbia has submitted its final report to Water, Land and Air Protection Minister Joyce Murray."
Temperatures, Oceans Rise In B.C. Over Past Century, Press release March 14, 2002
Minister Anderson announces funding for Scrap-It Program and helps remove high polluting cars off the road (pdf format), Press Release March 11, 2002
Release of Log Bundling Strand Recycling Initiative Video and Poster, Press Release March 6, 2002
Fish farm compliance improves in 2001, Press Release February 28, 2002
Aquaculture, February 27, 2002 Statement by John van Dongen, Minister
Morice timber supply analysis released, Press Release February 14, 2002 "A public review period begins today with the release of the Morice analysis and the public discussion paper. This allows the public to comment on the Morice timber supply review before the chief forester determines a new allowable annual cut. Public input will be accepted until April 1"
Drinking Water Review Panel Releases Final Report, Press Release February 13, 2002
Grizzly Bear Scientific Panel Issues Interim Report, Information Bulletin February 8, 2002
Salmon aquaculture waste regulation, letter by Joyce Murray, B.C. Minister of Water, Land and Air Protection, February 6, 2002
Recycling Process Improved, Drinking Water Protected, Press Release February 4, 2002
Contaminated soil in Richmond, letter by Joyce Murray, B.C. Minister of Water, Land and Air Protection, February 6, 2002
Contaminated Sites Process Improved, Press Release February 1, 2002
New standards to be set for sustainable aquaculture, Press Release January 31, 2002
Closure of West Coast Sablefish Fishery, Press Release January 17, 2002
New Mandate and Organizational Structure of the Ministry of Water, Land and Air Protection "On January 17, 2002, government announced the beginning of a three-year restructuring program to restore sound fiscal management and protect important public services. All government Web pages will be updated as soon as possible to reflect any changes arising from this announcement."
Mark Creek watershed forest development plan approved, Press Release January 9, 2002
Scientific panel to review zero AOX requirement, Press Release December 14, 2001
Interim drinking water report available, Press Release December 14, 2001
Province Moves Ahead With National Park Agreement, Press Release December 5, 2001
Public Invited to Open Houses on Parks Plan, Press Release November 21, 2001
Regulatory burden count provides baseline for relief, Press Release November 21, 2001
Report sets out blueprint for action on drinking water, Press Release November 19, 2001
Greenhouses Conference Given Federal Help, Press Release November 16, 2001
Review leads to streamlined land-use planning, Press Release November 15, 2001
Efficient Wood-Burning Protects Your Health, Press Release November 2, 2001
2001 Environmental Award Recipients Named, Press Release November 2, 2001
Province attacks mountain pine beetle - action plan released, Press Release November 2, 2001
Minister appoints offshore scientific panel, Information Bulletin October 19, 2001 "An independent scientific review panel has been appointed to examine whether offshore oil and gas resources can be extracted in a way that is scientifically sound and environmentally responsible in British Columbia"
Drinking water legislation to be reviewed, Press Release September 25, 2001
Environment Canada Leads Air Quality Study in British Columbia's Fraser Valley, Press Release August 31, 2001
Manure Management Report Released, Press Release August 24, 2001
Public urged to use water conservation measures, Press Release July 30, 2001
Forest Renewal BC programs to be reviewed, board replaced, Press Release July 3, 2001
Remove Illegal Water Intakes from Streams, Press Release June 11, 2001
Everyone Can Help Clean the Air, Press Release June 1, 2001 "Clean Air Day. Bike Month. Environment Week. They're all happening across British Columbia and Canada this month to encourage individuals to help slow global climate change by adopting solutions that will reduce personal environmental footprints."
New legislation protects drinking water in B.C., Press Release April 5, 2001 "The provincial government has introduced new legislation and standards to protect B.C.'s drinking water, Environment, Lands and Parks Minister Ian Waddell and Health Minister Corky Evans announced today."
Public Urged to Consult Revised Smoke Control Regulations, Press Release March 30, 2001 "The public is reminded that since September 2000, the burning of small piles of land-clearing debris -- under 10 cubic metres -- is no longer exempted from the Open Burning Smoke Control Regulation, the Ministry of Environment, Lands and Parks said today."
Public Reminded Permits Required for Foreshore Work, Press Release March 23, 2001"Members of the public who plan to do work on aquatic lands are advised that in most instances they require a permit or pre-authorisation from the Water Management Branch of the Ministry of Environment, Lands and Parks. Failure to get a permit could result in penalties up to $200,000 and/or 12 months in prison."
Wilson supports co-operative approach to certification, Press Release March 23, 2001 "A consultant's report recommending government take a more active role in forest management certification was released today by Forests Minister Gordon Wilson."
Public wants action to protect drinking water, Press Release March 22, 2001 British Columbians want strong, new laws to protect their drinking water, according to a summary of public consultations released today by Environment, Lands and Parks Minister Ian Waddell.
"Ontario's Walkerton tragedy opened our eyes," said Waddell. "British Columbians want to know that their drinking water is safe and clean, and the government intends to provide that assurance through tough new legislation to be introduced this session."
Green fund helps agriculture protect environment, Press Release March 16, 2001"A new $5-million Agriculture and Environment Green Fund will help producers address and manage environmental challenges. The fund was created through a partnership between the provincial government, the federal government and B.C.'s agriculture industry."
Wilson announces changes to stumpage regulations, Press Release March 16, 2001"The Ministry of Forests is introducing a series of changes to the coastal stumpage system that will help end the practice of grade setting, Forests Minister Gordon Wilson announced today."
Minister to review feedback on proposed legislation, Press Release March 14, 2001"The Ministry of Forests has concluded consultations on the proposed working forest legislation, Forests Minister Gordon Wilson announced today."
E-Team Invites Applications for 2001-2002, Press Release February 16, 2001 "The Environment Youth Team is accepting applications starting today until Mar. 16 from organizations that would like to sponsor an E-Team project between Apr. 2001 and Mar. 2002, Environment, Lands and Parks Minister Ian Waddell said today."
Waddell Calls For 2001 Environmental Awards Nominations, Press Release February 12, 2001"Nominations are being accepted for the 2001 Minister's Environmental Awards, Environment, Lands and Parks Minister Ian Waddell announced today."SYNOVA Announces Grand Opening of its New US Headquarters
September 13, 2021 (PRLEAP.COM) Business NewsTOTOWA, NJ, USA, September 13, 2021 - SYNOVA S.A., the world leader in Laser MicroJet® cutting, announces the official opening of its new 6,100 square foot, state-of-the-art facility in Totowa, New Jersey. The new US technology center will support operations throughout North and South America with the latest Synova CNC machines incorporating its advanced water jet," says Jacques Coderre, US Business Manager.
"Our new micro-machining center (MMC) is not only a place to showcase our equipment, it's also a research and development center where our customers can collaborate with Synova engineers to demonstrate laser cutting technology," says., visit our website at.
Synova USA, Inc (MMC)
60 Commerce Way
Totowa, NJ 07512
USA
+ 1 (510) 396 5664
jacques.coderre@synova-usa.com
Contact Information
Jacques Coderre
Synova S.A.
+ 1 (510) 396 5664
Jacques Coderre
Synova S.A.
+ 1 (510) 396 5664Beth Whiting
Psychotherapy and Coaching
Partnering you through significant personal development and change.
Psychotherapy and Counselling
Gaining perspective and finding peace can be hard when you go it alone, but you don’t have to.
Individual Coaching
“Be who you are meant to be and you will set the world on fire.”
Catherine of Sienna
Group Coaching
Explore your team dynamic, finding ways of working together more effectively.
Life can be overwhelming and it can be.
Talking to a professional can help you to untangle your thoughts and feelings and navigate a path towards better peace of mind.
What can you do?
The first step towards making these changes is the hardest, but once you can recognise you have aspects of your life that are causing pain, anxiety, upset or frustration then you are in a position to do something about them, and I can help.
I create a secure and private environment in which we can discuss your challenges and work towards better understanding. Working together to uncover your own natural-instinct. Improving your capacity for love, life, work and relationships.
Psychotherapy
Working towards helping you manage challenging emotional patterns and habits, in-depth.
Counselling
Equipping you with workable, short-term tools that can help you break out of negative thoughts and habits.
Individual Coaching
Supporting you identifying and working towards your goals.
Group Coaching
Explore your team dynamic and finding ways of working together more effectively.
About Me
Elizabeth Whiting
BA, MSc, PG Dip, PG Cert, UKCP, MBACP
I have been working in the field of personal impact and communication for over 14 years, initially with groups in business and more latterly incorporating coaching and psychotherapy one to one.
I come from a creative training and background initially and incorporate that attitude and approach into all my work. I value human relationships and interactions and believe that our problems are caused in relationships and therefore can only be solved in relationship.
Recent Blog Posts
A space you can call work
I have previously worked with individuals and groups from the following organisations:
Melinda Jacobo v. The Illinois Workers' Compensation, et al., 2011 IL App 3d 100807WC (3d Dist. 2011)
By: Sean M. Abernathy - Associate - Nyhan, Bambrick, Kinzie & Lowry
Updated: January 15, 2012
The Petitioner injured her back in a work related accident when a forklift backed into her. Petitioner file an Application for Adjustment of Claim, as well as a petition for penalties and attorney's fees pursuant to Sections 19(I), 19(k) and 16 of the Act. This initial penalties petition was not at issue in the above captioned appeal.
At trial, the arbitrator found that Petitioner’s back condition was causally related to the work accident and that Petitioner had become permanently and totally disabled as a result of the forklift accident. The arbitrator awarded TTD benefits for 203 2/7 weeks, permanent total disability benfits and reasonable and necessary medical expenses. The arbitrator also granted the petition for penalties and fees, finding unreasonable delay in the payment of TTD and necessary medical benefits.
The employer, New Breed Leasing of Illinois, Inc., appealed the decision to the Commission. Petitioner did not seek a review of the Arbitration award. The Commission affirmed the TTD and PTD awards, but reversed the award of penalties and fees. The Commission found that the employer’s denial of benefits after an initial Independent Medical Examination was not unreasonable. Following this decision, the employer’s attorney sent correspondence to Petitioner’s counsel stating that the employer had decided not to appeal the Commission’s decision and award. Respondent’s counsel requested submission of proposed calculations for the amount of the award in order reach agreement on payment.
Following this, Petitioner appealed the Commission’s decision to deny her initial penalties petition. The employer did not seek any additional review of the Commission’s awards for medical expenses, TTD or PTD benefits. Despite the lack of review, the employer did not make any payments to the Petitioner for the undisputed TTD, PTD and medical awards. Petitioner’s attorney made several requests via email and correspondence for payment of these benefits over several months. Ultimately, the circuit court entered a judgment reversing the Commission and reinstating the arbitrator’s penalties award.
As Petitioner had not received payment for the TTD, PTD or medical expense benefits, she filed a second petition for penalties and attorney’s fees pursuant to Sections 19(l), 19(k) and 16 of the Act, alleging an unreasonable and vexatious delay. This second petition for penalties became the subject matter of the above captioned case.
Meanwhile, the employer appealed the circuit court’s judgment, only on the issue of penalties. Following this appeal, the appellate court reversed the circuit court and reinstated the Commission decision on the issue of penalties. The appellate court held that the evidence presented at arbitration featured conflicting medical opinions, and thus the employer’s reliance on its IME opinion was not unreasonable or vexatious. Following this judgment, the employer paid the Petitioner for the undisputed portions of the award for medical expenses, TTD and PTD. At that time, Petitioner’s second petition for penalties was still pending.
Following this, the Commission conducted a hearing on Petitioner’s second petition for penalties and ultimately denied the petition. The Commission found that, because the employer paid the award following the appellate decision as to the initial Commission decision, Petitioner was not entitled to penalties. Petitioner then appealed the denial of penalties to the circuit court, which confirmed the Commission’s denial. The circuit court reasoned that, because Petitioner failed to seek a judgment from the court while her initial appeal was pending and would have been barred from doing so by 19(g), employer was not required to pay the undisputed amount. The circuit court stated, “[t]here is no case law or statutory authority requiring the [employer] to pay undisputed amounts. Thus, the [employer’s] failure to do so should not be considered the basis for a penalty.” Following this decision, Petitioner filed an appeal with the appellate
court arguing that the Commission’s denial of penalties for employer’s failure to pay on undisputed awards was against the manifest weight of the evidence.
In holding that Petitioner was entitled to penalties under Sections 19(l), 19(k) and 16, the appellate court stated that the standard for penalties differed between 19(l) and those found in 19(k) and 16.
- Penalties Under 19(l)
The court outlined that penalties under 19(l) are mandatory if the payment is late, for whatever reason, and the employer cannot show adequate justification, viewed in terms of reasonableness, for the delay. In other words, 19(l) penalties are a late fee and the employer has the burden of justifying a delay. The justification is sufficient only if a reasonable person in the employer’s position would believe the delay was justified. The court stated it would not disturb the Commission’s evaluation of reasonableness, a question of fact, unless the evaluation was found to be contrary to the manifest weight of the evidence.
The appellate court reviewed the Commissions findings and held that its denial of penalties under 19(l) was against the manifest weight of the evidence. The court found that, since the only issue contested on appeal was the Commission’s denial of penalties and that the employer had not appealed the decision with regards to the substantive awards, the Commission’s ultimate denial of Petitioner’s second penalties petition was against the manifest weight of the evidence. They held that the issue of penalties was entirely unrelated to the substantive awards of benefits and that all proceedings after the substantive benefits award decision concerned the separate issue of penalties. The court found the Commission’s reliance on the appellate court’s prior decision regarding Petitioner’s initial penalties petition as a continuation of the prior proceeding was unfounded. The explicitly held; “Our previous decision does not establish justification for the employer’s delay under an objective reasonableness standard.”
The court went on to outline the circuit court decision, Zitzka v. Industrial Commission, 328 Ill. App. 3d 844, 767 N.E.2d 405 (2002), was having similar circumstances to the instant case. The appellate court read Zitzka to “plainly [establish] that the claimant’s appeal of an issue unrelated to the substantive award is not a legitimate reason to withhold payment of the undisputed award.” Id at 850. They looked to Zitzka to determine that the Petitioner’s appeal did not establish a reasonable justification of the employer’s delay.
To drive the point home, the court noted, “it is a well-settled rule that the failure to raise an issue before the Commission results in its waiver.” Thus, since the employer knew that the Petitioner could not seek a review of the substantive awards and that the only issue she could appeal was the issue of penalties, their “feigned ignorance of what issues were contested in the claimant’s appeal [was] not a reasonable justification to delay the payment of the uncontested portion of the award.”
The court found the Commission’s determination that the employer’s delay in payment of the uncontested awards was justified was against the manifest weight of the evidence. Accordingly they reversed the Commission’s denial and remanded the issue for a determination of penalties under 19(l).
- Penalties Under 19(k) and Fees Under 16
The court then considered penalties under Sections 19(k) and 16. They outlined that Sections 19(k) and 16 address situations where there is not only delay, but delay that is deliberate or the result of bad faith or improper purpose. They noted that the decision to award penalties and fees under 19(k) and 16 is left to the discretion of the Commission and is only reviewable upon an abuse of that discretion. Thus, for the appellate court to overturn a decision on penalties, the ruling must have been “arbitrary, fanciful, [or] unreasonable.”
The appellate court held that the employer had no legitimate reason to delay payment of the undisputed awards for TTD, PTD and medical expenses. They found that the employer simply refused to pay the undisputed portions of the award until all appeals on contested issues were exhausted. The court held that this non payment of an undisputed obligation was intentional and amounted to more than simply a lack of good cause. Thus, they went on to rule that the Commission’s determinations were against the manifest weight of the evidence and constituted an abuse of discretion.
Pointedly, the court concluded, “[t]he employer’s delay in paying the uncontested award…served no purpose except to delay compensation to an injured worker, a result penalties are designed to prevent. We want to be clear on this point. Any portion of a claimant’s benefits which are undisputed must be promptly paid or the employer will be subject to penalties and attorney’s fees under the Act.”
The court further warned against the non-payment of undisputed benefits, noting that non-payment puts claimants into the situation where they must chose between foregoing appeal rights on certain issues or risking the employer withholding the stream of income benefits at a time when a claimant is without income.
The appellate court reversed the Commission’s denial of penalties and fees and remanded the case to the Commission for the determination of penalties and fee amounts to be assessed against the employer.There is currently no text in this page. You can search for this page title in other pages, or search the related logs, but you do not have permission to create this page.
Category:Article message templates
From MSI Wikipedia
Pages in category "Article message templates"
The following 10 pages are in this category, out of 10 total.Possible chupacabra sighting in North Carolina
In April of 2018 a picture started circulating on the internet of what some people believed to be a chupacabra caught on tape!
The photo is from an animal camera that was mounted in the woods in North Carolina as part of North Carolina’s Candid Critters Project. The picture was taken at night and is in black and white. It shows a four legged animal walking through the camera’s viewfinder. The animal has a pointed snout which is near the ground, pointed ears, and a long skiny, hairless tail. The entire animal’s body appears to be nearly hairless as well, although it is difficult to tell as the video is a little grainy and in black and white.
So could this possibly be a chupacabra
An animal expert was shown the photo and then interviewed as to their thoughts. The expert put forth her opinion on the matter, which is that she thinks the footage shows not a chupacabra, but rather a coyote that has a skin condition called mange. The expert indicates that mange is fairly common in red foxes and coyotes in North Carolina.
What do you think? Is this a chupacabra or a coyote with mange?!
So we saved....planned.....applied.....did loads of paperwork....prayed.......saved.....planned.....did more paperwork......prayed some more........and then we got the sheer privilege of seeing this beautiful face!
How has he changed our lives forever- so many ways.....seeing his giggle, his sweet smile, his excitement, his cute shyness around others, his fun voice as he tugs at my hand saying "come on mommy"....and takes me to the toy room to play or get another book to read. I could list 100's of ways this sweet boy has stolen my heart and that was before I even saw him. If I could give every child in the world two things it would be a family and food. After that things blossom....those two things are sooo necessary.
Did our children complain knowing that there would be another child demanding attention, steal their toys, etc. NO- instead THEY BEGGED for another sibling to love!! They couldn't think of anything better!!!!! Neither could I - another child to love, cherish, teach to play, go on hikes with, see them wonder at spider's webs, read Stuart Little too, tuck in at night time, patch his owies up when he needs it, give loads of hugs and kisses too, teach them how to love his family, the Word of God, and others around the World, watch him grow into a man of God.....and so much more!
Can you tell that even though we have 7 children now.....my heart is longing for our next child. Right now she is being cared for by the wonderful people at Hannah's Hope. We have met them we know how loving they are.....but I AM HOMESICK!!!!!
I am HOMESICK because I love Naomi soooooo much it hurts sometimes. As a mother or father there is something sooo hard about having a child that is out there that you can't yet hold. To know that YOU NEED THEM & THEY NEED YOU, but you can't be together right now. Maybe not for a few months from now...........
There is a longing so deep and wide in my heart.............for ALL our children........and can only be filled by them.
Until then......we are playing, reading, schooling, loving, praying, and praising God for our little miracle that we will eventually get to bring home......................(couldn't be soon enough)!Garage floor coatings
UPGRADE YOUR GARAGE. UPGRADE YOUR LIFESTYLE.
Idaho Garage Solutions can enhance your garage by providing a cleaner, longer lasting, and better-looking environment. Our coatings provide a durable finish that will hold up to the harsh conditions that garage floors are exposed to on a daily basis
Nearly four times stronger…
Our Epoxy floor is the strongest in the business – nearly four times stronger than the standard off-the-shelf Epoxy flooring. Sherwin-Williams “Absorption Technology” in their Epoxy gives the floor a hard, resilient surface that won’t lift or peel when prepped correctly!
We use Sherwin-Williams Epoxy floor and Clear Coating products on every job. The reason is simple; they back up all of their products if they fail. By combining their products with Idaho Garage Solutions’ high quality workmanship, you can’t go wrong by choosing us!
COLOR CHOICES? OH MY, DO WE HAVE CHOICES!
We offer flake sizes from 1/16” to 1”, and more than 80 color choices. Take it to the next level and create your own custom color combination to match your home or style. Special ordered flakes can take up to 7 working days to produce and have shipped to us.
These 10 top-selling colors are in stock and ready to go:
Why I chose this product
I’m a passionate person who takes pride in what I do. Whether it’s a project on my own house or helping a customer, it will be done right. I never want to feel the embarrassment of having to redo my work, and luckily I haven’t. That is why at Idaho Garage Solutions we take the time to prep cement properly and use the Sherwin-Williams’ products that we do. When applied right (by us), it will never peel or yellow!
JUST HOW STRONG IS OUR EPOXY?
This picture shows a brick placed on a cement slab coated with our Epoxy. After it dried, we used a mallet to break the adhesion between the brick and slab. It took four hard hits before the brick broke loose. What were the results? Look at the bottom of the brick; you’ll see that our Epoxy actually soaked into the cement, thus creating a bond so tight that the slab’s cement stuck to the brick. WOW!
Why? Because of our Epoxy’s “Absorption Technology”. THAT IS WHY OUR EPOXY HAS NEVER LIFTED OR PEELED! It’s also why we purchase our Epoxy from Sherwin-Williams – they know what they’re doing and are the best at it!
Their “Absorption Technology” is tested against competitors’ epoxies and, not only did it outperform other systems, it was nearly four times stronger in adhesion to cement. There is no other Epoxy product on the market like it.
My other concern was how well the clear topcoat would hold up. I knew the Epoxy and flakes looked great and wanted to keep it that way, so I needed a quality topcoat to keep the beautiful finish and not yellow over time. I found it within Sherwin-Williams’ product line!
This topcoat gives our customers’ floors a stunningly beautiful high-gloss finish. More importantly, it provides high UV tolerance from the sun’s rays that is GUARANTEED TO NEVER YELLOW!
Combining the Epoxy and the topcoat is what I personally want for my home and for all of my customers’ homes. We’ve done jobs for several industrial companies with high traffic areas and they have held up perfectly. We even did the concrete around a large outdoor pool in the Highland Hills in Boise, and it looks like it did the day we finished it.
It means peace of mind! When you choose us for your Epoxy finished floor, you’re getting two major reassurances: One, that my son and I started and continue to run Idaho Garage Solutions on a foundation of high standards for quality and workmanship, and two, all of our products are supplied and endorsed by the #1 paint retailer in America – Sherwin-Williams. With these two companies working together as one, you can sleep well knowing that you will have the best and most sustainable Epoxy floor, guaranteed!Cabana ClubJoin Now Cart
Sativa Cannabis Strains
Known to be great for mornings and busy days, sativa strains are the perfect weekend companion. We love to pair them with everything from long hikes to cleaning our kitchens to getting creative, or for when we're hanging out with our best buds. Pick up classic strains like Blue Dream, Sour Diesel, or Jack Herer, or try out some of the new sativa varieties that geneticists are dreaming up every day.default search action
BibTeX record conf/ideas/CiprianiEBGM09
@inproceedings{DBLP:conf/ideas/CiprianiEBGM09, author = {Nazario Cipriani and Mike Eissele and Andreas Brodt and Matthias Gro{\ss}mann and Bernhard Mitschang}, editor = {Bipin C. Desai and Domenico Sacc{\`{a}} and Sergio Greco}, title = {NexusDS: a flexible and extensible middleware for distributed stream processing}, booktitle = {International Database Engineering and Applications Symposium {(IDEAS} 2009), September 16-18, 2009, Cetraro, Calabria, Italy}, series = {{ACM} International Conference Proceeding Series}, pages = {152--161}, publisher = {{ACM}}, year = {2009}, url = {}, doi = {10.1145/1620432.1620448}, timestamp = {Tue, 06 Nov 2018 16:58.Forgiveness is a Funny Thing…
I have heard forgiveness called the big karma eraser, as demonstrated when Jesus said, “Father forgive them, for they know not what they do.” If you want to get off the samsara merry-go-round, forgive–and not just others, but yourself as well. Forgiveness is the conjoined twin of unconditional love, connected at the heart. One cannot live without the other. Try to separate them, and both will cease to beat in your own heart.
I once watched a video of victim statements being read by family members of women murdered by serial killer, Gary Ridgway. As each speaker rose to express their hatred and contempt for him, he sat stone-faced and unmoved, seemingly inhuman. Then one man, Robert Rule, the father of one of the murder victims stood and said he knew a lot of people in the room hated Mr. Ridgway, but he was not one of them. He said he himself was choosing not to hate but to forgive. He explained that although Mr. Ridgway had made this act very difficult for him–he still needed to do what he believed was right. This father’s choice of love over hate, his stunning act of grace was the only time Gary Ridgeway showed any flicker of human emotion. His bottom lip quivered before he broke down and cried. While Mr. Ridgway was the only person in the packed courtroom going to prison for the rest of his life that day, Robert Rule was quite possibly the only one truly free when he walked out the door.
There is wisdom here. Wisdom very difficult to embrace. It is not likely, thank goodness, that we will ever be faced with the Herculean act of forgiveness demonstrated by Mr. Rule. Our own experiences to choose forgiveness are hopefully never going to be as extreme, yet many acts of forgiveness can be very challenging, large or small.
Only we know in our heart of hearts when the telling of our story of wrongdoing, hurt or offense moves from a catalyst for healing to a crutch for our continued suffering. But, many times we guard the drama of our victimhood jealously. Often we tell our story of offense over and over again in order convince others, but more likely ourselves, of our justification for holding on to our suffering, for withholding forgiveness. We defend our anger and sadness–our feelings of hurt and betrayal, and even of hate. Feelings that are very often justified. It is a natural response to being injured by another. But holding on to our pain keeps us locked up in a prison of our own making. One of bitterness and helplessness.
Sometimes the best we can manage is to withdraw our shadow from the other person or situation, and that must be enough for where we are in the process. But in the end, when we habitually defend the darkness we carry inside ourselves, when we dwell in that darkness in defiance of letting any light in, we only diminish the quality of our own lives. That is the astonishing revelation of forgiveness once it is freely given; it doesn’t excuse the offender or the offense, it sets the one who forgives, free.
Forgiveness. Freely granted towards ourselves or others.
May this be the year you walk away free.
Mammaste~There is so much divinity in the everyday.
“I wondered if that was how forgiveness budded; not with the fanfare of epiphany, but with pain gathering its things, packing up, and slipping away unannounced in the middle of the night.”
—Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner
This is a very timely blog! At the end of the year it is also a Jewish tradition to make amends for any past wrongs in the previous year, sincerely ask for forgiveness and also forgive anyone you felt wronged by … then resolve to start the new year with even more positive intentions. Thank you! ❤
“That is the astonishing revelation of forgiveness once it is freely given; it doesn’t excuse the offender or the offense, it sets the one who forgives, free.” Thank you for that reminder, that the offender is not excused. ❤
Profound and deeply wise, Lori! Thank You for again reminding me to access my divinity! Blessings to you, my friend!
*Namaste!*
*Mary Welch 763.807.6872*
On Thu, Jan 1, 2015 at 11:55 AM, mammaste ~ divinity in the everyday wrote:
> Lori Anne posted: “I have heard forgiveness called the big karma > eraser, as demonstrated when Jesus said, “Father forgive them, for they > know not what they do.” If you want to get off the > samsara merry-go-round, forgive–and not just others, but yourself as well. > Forgivene”Educação Reflexiva
Apesar de já ter inúmeros textos publicados em inglês sobre educação, resolvi que é o momento de também começar a publicar em português. Portanto, aqui na página (que será reformulada), você agora poderá seguir um blog em inglês e este recém criado blog em português. Como? Bem, basta clicar no link com o título Educação Reflexiva,… 
Do conversation-driven lessons make any sense? – Part 3
On Native Speakerism
>>IMAGE… MATURE MAN FUCKS TEEN ON COUCH !!
I asked her if she was ok with what she had seen and she said she’s was good with it, I asked her what she thought about what she had seen, she said” I was fine with seeing you two fucking” I looked at Vicky and she said I am ok with her saying that when it’s just us, I loooked back at Logan and asked so how do you feel about it, she said” it made me feel kinda funny down near my pussy” I looked back at Vicky and she said” she heard me say it so as long as it’s just us I am ok with anything she says Xtime Videos –. She looked at Vicky and asked her if she should leave so she could take care of my hard dick, Vicky told her no baby you don’t ever have to leave when we do anything in bed again, Vicky rolled over and said” you just pumped my pussy full of cum and you’re hard again it there something going on that I need to know about” I looked at her astonished and said” Vicky damn her you and I are laying her naked and just finished fucking and your young daughter is standing her talking about her pussy and rubbing it and cumming and you want to know why my dick is hard” she said” does daddy have a fantasy about my little sister” and looked at my eyes and swallowed my cock
Vubado – Vlxx Fucking Movie: Harmony Rose Together With Couple Sex Showing Off Extremely Hot Butterflies Deep Inside Bank
All of your dirty little secrets will be in the newspaper and on nation wide television tomorrow, This is a Catholic School.
Vubado – Vlxx Fucking Movie: Harmony Rose Together With Couple Sex Showing Off Extremely Hot Butterflies Deep Inside Bank
It could be dangerous making your way up so the way you proceed is single file with the person in front holding the hand of the next person, Click here. You liked it
Duration: 6 min – Channel: Vubado – Country: USA49 Bible Verses about Fun
Most Relevant Verses.
Rejoice, young man, during your childhood, and let your heart be pleasant during the days of young manhood. And follow the impulses of your heart and the desires of your eyes. Yet know that God will bring you to judgment for all these things.
Now Sarah saw the son of Hagar the Egyptian, whom she had borne to Abraham, mocking.
Look on their sitting and their rising;
I am their mocking song.
You shall become a horror, a proverb, and a taunt among all the people where the Lord drives you.
In the same way the chief priests also, along with the scribes and elders, were mocking Him and saying,
Otherwise, when he has laid a foundation and is not able to finish, all who observe it begin to ridicule him,
All who see me sneer at me;
They separate with the lip, they wag the head, saying,
but they continually mocked the messengers of God, despised His words and scoffed at His prophets, until the wrath of the Lord arose against His people, until there was no remedy.
I will also laugh at your calamity;
I will mock when your dread comes,
“Against whom do you jest?
Against whom do you open wide your mouth
And stick out your tongue?
Are you not children of rebellion,
Offspring of deceit,
The eye that mocks a father
And scorns a mother,
The ravens of the valley will pick it out,
And the young eagles will eat it.
But others were mocking and saying, “They are full of sweet wine.”
Now the men who were holding Jesus in custody were mocking Him and beating Him,
He who mocks the poor taunts his Maker;
He who rejoices at calamity will not go unpunished.
Then he went up from there to Bethel; and as he was going up by the way, young lads came out from the city and mocked him and said to him, “Go up, you baldhead; go up, you baldhead!”
So is the man who deceives his neighbor,
And says, “Was I not joking?”
All discipline for the moment seems not to be joyful, but sorrowful; yet to those who have been trained by it, afterwards it yields the peaceful fruit of righteousness.
Then Miriam and Aaron spoke against Moses because of the Cushite woman whom he had married (for he had married a Cushite woman);
Furthermore, in your bedchamber do not curse a king, and in your sleeping rooms do not curse a rich man, for a bird of the heavens will carry the sound and the winged creature will make the matter known.
If they say, “Come with us,
Let us lie in wait for blood,
Let us ambush the innocent without cause;
Ham, the father of Canaan, saw the nakedness of his father, and told his two brothers outside.
Who winks with his eyes, who signals with his feet,
Who points with his fingers;
“For my husband is not at home,
He has gone on a long journey;
Know this first of all, that in the last days mockers will come with their mocking, following after their own lusts,
Now the Pharisees, who were lovers of money, were listening to all these things and were scoffing at Him.
You shall not curse a deaf man, nor place a stumbling block before the blind, but you shall revere your God; I am the Lord.
Go then, eat your bread in happiness and drink your wine with a cheerful heart; for God has already approved your works.
Doing wickedness is like sport to a fool,
And so is wisdom to a man of understanding.
I said of laughter, “It is madness,” and of pleasure, “What does it accomplish?”
“I will not let you hear insults from the nations anymore, nor will you bear disgrace from the peoples any longer, nor will you cause your nation to stumble any longer,” declares the Lord God.’”
Whoever speaks a word against the Son of Man, it shall be forgiven him; but whoever speaks against the Holy Spirit, it shall not be forgiven him, either in this age or in the age to come.
Let no one look down on your youthfulness, but rather in speech, conduct, love, faith and purity, show yourself an example of those who believe.
“Deliver me from all my transgressions;
Make me not the reproach of the foolish.
The one who eats is not to regard with contempt the one who does not eat, and the one who does not eat is not to judge the one who eats, for God has accepted him.
It came about at noon, that Elijah mocked them and said, “Call out with a loud voice, for he is a god; either he is occupied or gone aside, or is on a journey, or perhaps he is asleep and needs to be awakened.”
For this reason I remind you to kindle afresh the gift of God which is in you through the laying on of my hands.
“But now those younger than I mock me,
Whose fathers I disdained to put with the dogs of my flock.
So it will be a reproach, a reviling, a warning and an object of horror to the nations who surround you when I execute judgments against you in anger, wrath and raging rebukes. I, the Lord, have spoken. people.”’”
For He will be handed over to the Gentiles, and will be mocked and mistreated and spit upon,
For not even His brothers were believing in Him.
Her rival, however, would provoke her bitterly to irritate her, because the Lord had closed her womb.
then I will cut off Israel from the land which I have given them, and the house which I have consecrated for My name, I will cast out of My sight. So Israel will become a proverb and a byword among all peoples.
After they had mocked Him, they took the purple robe off Him and put His own garments on Him. And they *led Him out to crucify Him.
For it is not an enemy who reproaches me,
Then I could bear it;
Nor is it one who hates me who has exalted himself against me,
Then I could hide myself from him.
He said, “Leave; for the girl has not died, but is asleep.” And they began laughing at Him.
And Herod with his soldiers, after treating Him with contempt and mocking Him, dressed Him in a gorgeous robe and sent Him back to Pilate.
Topics on Fun
Making FunJudges 16:25
It so happened whenFeeling lost?
Pitt Meadows Corn Maze 2014 Season
Dates: Summer – August 9 to September 1: Monday to Saturday from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sunday from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Fall – September 2 to October 19: Friday to Saturday from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sunday from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Location: Hopcott Family Farm (13672 Reichenbach Rd., Pitt Meadows)
Cost: Ages 2 and under – FREE; Ages 3 to 12 – $10 tax included; Ages 13 and over – $13 tax included
Website:
#CornMaze #MeadowsMaze
- photo 115
- photo 213Hot Toys MMS284 - Ultron - Avengers: Age Of Ultron 1/6 Scale. The item "Hot Toys MMS284 Ultron Avengers Age Of Ultron 1/6 Scale" is in sale since Tuesday, August 4, 2020.This item is in the category "Toys & Hobbies\Action Figures\TV, Movie & Video Games". The seller is "dabn2443" and is located in Norwalk, Ohio. This item can be shipped to United States.There is already an official visual annotation peertube-plugin-video-annotation · master · Framasoft / PeerTube / official-plugins · GitLab but it requires « code » and might scare off people. I’m using Kdenlive to edit my videos and I’m wondering if there are already ways to efficiently get feedback from others.PM Rop to Visiting the Vatican
Vatican City, 28 May - Prime Minister Anton Rop, on an official visit to the Vatican, is today scheduled to meet Secretary of the Holy See for Relations with States Angelo Sodano, in a meeting that will see the states exchange ratification documents for a bilateral agreement on legal matters. Rop is also scheduled to have an audience with Pope John Paul II.The adoption of the Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC) and its underlying technology, called block chain, can increase Nigeria’s GDP by $29billion over the next 10 years, President Muhammadu Buhari said Monday in Abuja when he launched the eNaira.
The President also declared that the introduction of the eNaira would enable the government to send direct payments to citizens eligible for specific welfare programmes as well as foster cross border trade.
President Buhari said that alongside digital innovations, CBDCs can foster economic growth through better economic activities, increase remittances, improve financial inclusion and make monetary policy more effective.
,” he said. the journey to create a digital currency for Nigeria began sometime in 2017.
”Work intensified over the past several months with several brainstorming exercises, deployment of technical partners and advisers, collaboration with the Ministries of Communication and Digital Economy and its sister agencies like the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC), integration of banking software across the country and painstaking tests to ensure the robustness, safety and scalability of the CBDC System, ” he said.,’’ he said.
Equally, the Nigerian leader noted,’’ he said.
In his remarks,”.
The CBN governor also.
In addition to all policies and actions of the CBN to support the economy especially through the trying times of COVID-19, Emefiele.
Welcome to First Baptist Church of York Preschool!
Our doors are open to children ages three and four of any faith and all nationalities.
We invite you and your child to explore our many opportunities in a variety of experiences in living and learning, in playing and sharing, in loving and being loved, and in growing in a caring environment. Our church has offered this outreach ministry for over thirty-five years. Many of our previous students are now returning with their own young children.
Our purpose is to provide a first-time school environment in which your child can grow spiritually, physically, socially, intellectually, and emotionally.
We provide opportunities for Church, Home, and Preschool to work together to meet the needs of your child. It is an excellent chance for children to interact socially with children their own age, as well as with other loving, caring adults who they will learn to trust.
Our Christian based learning is offered in half-day sessions with well trained and friendly staff. First Baptist Church Preschool has many hands-on learning opportunities, an outdoor playground, daily snacks, and community visitors.
We gladly give guided tours of classrooms after school hours by appointment. Come meet our staff.
Our Mission
Half-day programs are Monday through Thursday from 9:00 am to 12:30.
Doors open at 8:50
Children must be ages 3 or 4 by September 1st of the school year. Each child must be toilet trained, in good physical condition, and be able to function well in group activities.
If you have younger children, you may be interested in contacting our sister preschool at First Presbyterian Church Preschool
To ensure one-on-one interaction, We limit our classroom size to twelve children.
3 year old – 3 mornings a week (Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday) $150.00 per month.
3 year old – 4 mornings a week (Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday) $170.00 per month.
4 year old – 4 mornings a week $195.00 per month.
* A one time consumable supply fee of $50.00 is due when September tuition is paid. A $50.00 non-refundable registration fee for all children enrolling at FBC Preschool is due when the registration form is returned.
First Baptist Church Preschool follows the York County District 1 School District Calendar.
Our school year begins after Labor Day and ends in May.Tight Hip Groin Muscles
Words tightens up and also relaxes doesn't seem to go together frequently sufficient – that's why when it involves your hips it can be such a vicious cycle. Tight hip flexors is a buzz term in many health clubs around America. People in sporting activities circles are constantly stretching their hip flexors; joggers are criticizing their fantastic stride on those muscles, as well as also your consumers are possibly grumbling regarding their tight hips to you. Tight Hip Groin Muscles
It's time to face up to the problem and also claim enough is enough. You can extend your hips out all day as well as never ever get the benefits. That's because if you wish to get better at points you require to maintain them tight. Here's a listing of stretches that will certainly aid you do simply that.
Tight Hip Groin Muscles
Standing Stretch: One of the best means to work your hips is to depend on the balls of your feet as well as extend your legs directly. Make sure you're holding a dumbbell in your hands as well as lift your arms from your sides. Next off, flex your knees and return to the standing placement. Repeat this stretch as many times as you can. | Tight Hip Groin Muscles
Side Stretch: This stretch targets the glutes. Stand with one leg at your side as well as keep your various other leg directly. Now, lean slightly back until you're almost touching your opposite hip and also repeat beyond. This will certainly target your hip flexors.
Floor Stretch: This is also excellent for the hips. Depend on the side of a difficult flooring surface area, like an action or a tiny set of stairways, after that expand your legs out as for they will go. After that, lean back against the side of the action or the stairways, taking a small dive at the knees to bring yourself approximately a resting position. Repeat this stretch as sometimes as you can. Tight Hip Groin Muscles
These stretches can be done before and also after you get injured. They will certainly help you stay clear of tightness in the hips. If you are experiencing hip pain, don't ignore the problem. Attempt these stretches to relieve a few of your discomfort. You may be pleasantly amazed by just how much stretching and also warm ups and other workouts can eliminate your signs and also make you feel much better. Tight Hip Groin Muscles
You can also ask your doctor or pharmacist to learn more about this subject. They will be able to give you with even more thorough details regarding this problem and also concerning hip fractures and also rheumatoid joint inflammation. You can likewise find much more info concerning this condition online. I've seen listings of resources that have details on this subject that you can access. Browse the web as well as locate the details you need and afterwards share it with others who are worried concerning this important topic. Tight Hip Groin Muscles
As constantly, make certain to obtain routine check ups from a qualified chiropractic practitioner. This is the best method to keep your hips healthy. A chiropractic practitioner will be able to identify any kind of troubles in your pose or your hip flexor muscles. He or she can then collaborate with you to strengthen those muscles as well as to bring back the correct pose.
Some people experience signs similar to those defined over. This may consist of a pain or discomfort in the butt, hips, groin, or knee. Other people may experience pins and needles or a prickling feeling down their legs or in their arms or fingers. Often individuals really feel pain, thickness as well as even a weak point in their legs. This can be caused by trochanteric bursitis, which is inflammation of the cavity containing the trochanterin, a little fluid-filled bag that is produced by the nerve that becomes part of the hip joint. Tight Hip Groin Muscles
There are a number of stretches that will help soothe this issue. The most usual go for the hips is the cat stretch. It is called this because it goes from the hip to the sphere of the foot. One more stretch entails pushing your back with your knees up and also a hand resting under the buttocks. With your feet hip size apart, gently draw your curved knees towards the upper body and also draw your toes upwards toward the head. You ought to feel a stretch in the hamstring muscular tissues that run up the hip shaft as well as down the back of the legs.
Another stretch entails lying on your back with your butts expanded. After that, while your legs are straight, pull the inside of your knees towards your chest. You will certainly feel the stretch in the hamstring muscles that run up and down the back of your legs. Repeat beyond. If you can not get to over and touch your toes, you can utilize a little block to support them. If you can not draw your butt to the ground, you may intend to have somebody carefully use pressure or pause.
One last stretch involves reclining figure 4 stretch. This stretch is less complicated than the pet cat stretch. To execute the reclined figure 4 stretch, first pull your knees directly to the flooring with the balls of your feet. Next, bend your knees so your feet are resting on the floor. Currently, cross your legs over one another as well as location one foot in the front of the various other with the heel touching the floor. Tight Hip Groin MusclesThis recipe is an adaptation from “Ayurvedic Cooking for Westerners” by Amadea Morningstar. It is one of the tastiest and most satisfying breakfast treats that I’ve yet to try. The beauty of this bread is that it is super simple and contains no sugar or dairy!
Here’s what you’ll need:
- 4 ripe bananas
- ½ cup maple syrup
- 6 Tablespoons oil (preferably macadamia nut oil or almond oil)
- 2½ cups whole wheat or barley flour (I like to mix ½ and ½)
- 3 teaspoons baking powder
- 1 teaspoon salt
- optional: ½ -1 cup of nuts (I used pecans)
- oil/ghee/butter for the loaf pan
Here is how to do it:
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Oil your bread loaf pan. Mash the bananas in a large bowl. Add the maple syrup and oil to the mashed bananas. In a small bowl mix the flour, baking powder and salt (I recommend taking off your rings and using your hands). Then use a spoon to mix the dry ingredients into the wet. Mix in the nuts. Spread the batter into the loaf pan and pop it in the oven for 50-60 minutes until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean. If the top browns too fast you can place tin foil over the loaf and remove it toward the end of cooking.
I like to make this banana bread right when I wake up and then do my yoga or meditation practice as it cooks. There is nothing like fresh warm bread out of the oven! Spread some butter or ghee or Earth Balance on top, make a cup of tea and enjoy!
this is my favorite of all time. i keep forgetting to do yoga before i eat it. i also keep forgetting the oil and it comes out just as tasty and moist and full of flava flav. good work cupcake.
haha glad you’re digging it E. Maloney 🙂 My favorite is adding in apples and walnuts… it’s a good base recipe. xoPhysicians Medi-Spa
Cosmetic Medicine
3462 S Alameda St
Corpus Christi, TX 78411
(361) 857-2010
Mon - Fri: 9:00AM - 6:00PM
Sat: By appointment only
Sun: Closed
About
Physicians Medi-Spa is physician owned and supervised. We are confident that physician supervision will enhance the safety and effectiveness of your aesthetic treatments.
We utilize ELOS Technology that combines the bipolar use of laser light with radiofrequency energy. This allows us to treat all skin types and colors as well as any hair color. We offer superior IPL (Intense Pulse Light) treatments, which correct a large range of skin conditions, such as sun damage, fine lines & wrinkles, skin discoloration, acne and rosacea. We also offer Cool Sculpting which is FDA approved non-invasive. Hydrafacial treatments are available as well. Thanks to the sophistication of ELOS technology, we can offer treatments that are safe, virtually pain free, non-invasive and require little to no recovery time.
Services
- Acne Clear Light
- Acne Services
- Active FX Laser Resurfacing
- B-12 Shots
- Body Treatments
- Body Waxing
- Botox
- Brazilian Bikini Waxing
- Chemical peels
- Coolsculpting
- Eyebrow Waxing
- Facial Waxing
- Facials
- General
- IPL (intense pulsed light)
- Juvederm XC
- Laser hair removal
- Latisse
- Makeup
- Men's Services
- Microdermabrasion
- Photofacial
- SkinTag Removal
- Skincare
- Spray Tan
- Sunless Tanning
- Tattoo Removal
- Ultherapy
- Waxing
Languages
Payments
- American Express
- Care Credit
- Cash
- Check
- Debit
- Discover
- Mastercard
- Traveler's Check
- Visa
Staff
Robert Mclain
Certifications & Memberships
5 stars Diana D Featured review
Thanks for the help purchasing facial products ! They are working out great and the information on the newest facial treatments. I will call within next 2 weeks to book an appointment.
Glad you're enjoying your Alyria! We are always happy to help, please call us if you need anything at all! See you soon!
5 stars Margaret M Customer since 2012
I will miss you'll. I can't believe you will be closing. My favorite place to get my botox. :-(
5 stars Chrissy B Customer since 2012
Laura is so conscientious and worked very hard to insure my comfort and a thorough job during my treatment. Would highly recommend.
5 stars Chris W Customer since 2012
My appt time is always met as scheduled, the staff is wonderful and always puts me in a great mood, and needless to say, the products are exceptional.
5 stars Melissa S Customer since 2013
I've received botox here and they are very professional and I get great results. My whole family comes here for different procedures and we are all very pleased!!
5 stars Irene E Customer since 2012
I asked Sanda for suggestions to brighten up my skin. She did a facial chemical peel. I am thrilled with the results!! Thank you Sanda for making me feel comfortable trying new things to maintain a youthful appearance . Irene
5 stars Mary N Customer since 2014
over and beyond experience. Very professional and friendly.
Thank you all!
5 stars Peggy H Customer since 2012
I'm totally in love with this office. Everyone is nice, professional, warm and inviting.... all at the same time. I'm looking forward to my next visit! I would recommend Physicians Medi-spa to all my friends. Peggy Hall
4 stars Margaret M Customer since 2012
Love this place! Very professional and quick, and very friendly. Great prices with discounts and they never try to do something that's not needed. Thank you Sanda
5 stars Betty T Customer since 2014
Thanks, Sanda
For EVERYTHING!!
5 stars Rona F Customer since 2013
I always feel like a very special and valued customer when I visit the spa. When I call for an appointment, Sanda always accommodates me according to my work schedule yet takes the time to discuss my needs and connect with me on a personal level. I feel as though I am among friends when I call and when I arrive for my appointment. Laura has also been consistently friendly, upbeat, and helpful every time I have called or visited for an appointment.
The services are top quality and I have always been very pleased with the services offered and outcome.
Thank you to all.5
2013
2014 UPS Rate Increases the 10th straight year. This follows the same pattern of FedEx and along with the minimum charges makes declaring value with UPS and FedEx a large expense to shippers of all sizes.
If you declare a $200.00 value on 100 packages, this would cost you $270.00. Compare this to Shipsurance where you could pay less than $40.00* for broader coverage. 1000 packages would save you $2300*.
Other UPS Rate Changes for 2014:
- Additional Handling charge – The Additional Handling charge will increase by $0.25.
- Address Correction – Address Correction, Chargeback for Consignee Billing Shipments, Missing / Invalid Account Number, and Refusal Fee will increase $0.35.
- Delivery Area Surcharge – The Delivery Area Surcharge applied to commercial and commercial extended addresses for U.S. Air Services will increase $0.10. The Delivery Area Surcharge applied to residential and residential extended addresses for U.S. Air Services will increase $0.15.
- Signature Required – The charges for Delivery Confirmation Signature Required will increase $0.12. The charges for Delivery Confirmation Adult Signature Required will increase $0.15.
For a complete list of rate changes, visit:
*You must have an active Shipsurance coverage certificate to secure these rates. Request a quote now!Malware worldwide grows 15 percent in September [CNET News]
The report also details the types of infections plaguing computers, with trojans being the most common at over half of all malware infections. Adware infestations came in second, followed by worms and viruses. The company attributed the significant number of trojan infections to the proliferation of that type of malware designed to sniff out unsuspecting users' financial information and pass it along to criminals.
If you're an Insight customer, we offer free security software to protect against these types of malware threats, available for download at MyInsight.com. I strongly recommend that you take us up on it or purchase your own security to protect your data.
Recent CommentsIt’s So Hard to Say Her Name: Sandra Bland
“Look at me! Look at my arm! I have ploughed, and planted , and gathered into barns, and no man could head me! And arn’t I woman? I could work as much and eat as much as a man—when I could get it—and bear the lash as well! And arn’t I a woman? I have borne thirteen children, and seen them most all sold off to slavery, and when I cried out with my mother’s grief, none but Jesus heard me! And aren’t I a woman?” – Excerpt from Sojourner Truth’s speech given at a Women’s Rights Convention in Akron, OH, 1851.
…and bear the lash as well.
I don’t remember the first time I read Sojourner Truth’s speech because it was so long ago, sometime in my teenage years. But that line – that singular line – has always resonated within me. For me, it sums up the condition of Black womanhood in America. It’s so perfect in its subtlety that I wonder how many folks have glossed over its implications and the truths it harbors.
Two weeks ago, I had the opportunity to sit and talk with my 21 year old cousin, Sean. I used to look after Sean and his siblings when he was very young, but we were never particularly close. That afternoon, at his mother’s kitchen table, was the first time we’ve sat and talked without the presence of other family members. I wanted to discover what kind of man the little 4 year old boy I used to scold and make sandwiches for had become. What I found out both saddened and gave me cause for hope.
I asked him how he felt about being a young Black man in America. Sean told me – without using these exact words – that he didn’t really feel “Black”. You see, Sean (like Bruno Mars whom I have jokingly referred to him as) is mixed race, but could pass for anything; except white, of course. This has caused a bit of angst for him because he “feels just as white as his white friends, but doesn’t really feel accepted by them”. As our conversation came to a close, I asked him what he thought about police brutality and if he felt he would get fair treatment by the police. He made reference to some statistics about how more white people were killed by police than Blacks, and that he and his friends had concluded that the media was trying to stir up trouble.
O_o
“Sean. The problem isn’t how many Black people are being killed – it’s the circumstances we are concerned about. We don’t know if those white folks were in the middle of a violent crime, or if they were returning fire on the police, or what they were doing to warrant being killed. If you’re in the middle of a shoot out like Cleo in Set it Off, then yeah…we expect you to get killed by the police. Our concern is when Black death happens while in the middle of doing mundane tasks, like walking through a neighborhood or standing on a corner selling cigarettes.”
My cousin is a quiet, pensive young man who nodded silently and chewed over what I had asserted before making an assertion of his own.
“Well, at least it’s safer for you as a Black woman out there, right? Black women aren’t killed as often as young Black men are.”
My heart dropped and my mouth went dry.
The faces of thousands of Black women, many of who went missing or were killed in his own state, shot through my mind in a flash. The lifeless bodies of lynched Black women swaying from Southern trees and on Northern lamp posts soon joined that mental image. My great shame is that although I could see their faces, I did not know their names. Few people do. I told Sean as much.
“No. That’s not true. Black women are victims of police and systemic brutality just as often as Black men are. They just don’t get any press.”
And just think: there is an entire generation that has been brainwashed to believe this way. Who aren’t even curious enough to look at recent history to inform them of the truth! But never did I imagine that just a week after this conversation Sandra Bland’s death would prove to be the case study to bear this out.
It is an understatement to say that Sandra Bland’s death has shaken me. Sandra Bland IS me a decade ago. She was university educated, civic minded, empathetic and loved her people. She put herself out there and was honest and vulnerable with the public. In a Facebook post, she admitted that she was feeling depressed and now that admission is being used as fodder to insinuate that she took her own life. Her encounter with the police officer who wrestled her to the ground and arrested her has been justified because she became “combative and uncooperative”. When I tell you it is by the grace of God that I have not found myself on the cold slab her body now occupies, it’s not a melodramatic sentiment. If the right police officer had caught me on the wrong day, I too could have ended up dead…and that death would have everything to do with my Black womanhood and how I express it.
When a Black woman is irritated, angry or fed up, there is a tinge in her voice that excites a visceral reaction in just about anyone. That’s just how we talk. I experienced this just this Easter when I went to a local Atlanta church to participate in an egg drop. As I approached one of the street ushers, sweat dripping down my face and my 4 kids in tow, he asked why we did not take one of the shuttles from the other end of the park.
“Shuttle? What shuttle? No one told us about any shuttle.”
He took a step back and said, “There’s no reason to get angry ma’am! Calm down.”
I looked at this slender man, whose accent betrayed West Indian origin and snickered in retort.
“I’m not angry, sir. I’m fat, I’m sweaty, and I’m asking about a shuttle.”
His face relaxed and he directed me to the other end of the street and advised me to wait for the next car.
Many people – I included – believe Sandra Bland’s death was a homicide. She was killed to teach her the ultimate lesson. When she was approached by the arresting police officer, she did not exhibit the appropriate amount of anxiety and/or obsequiousness expected during police interactions. In fact, she was smoking a cigarette while the officer questioned her. It would have been “polite” for her to put out the cigarette, but it was not unlawful not to have done so. But as the average Black woman within a certain social strata will tell you, our impoliteness is (and always has been) a criminal offence. Remember when they beat up and locked up Sophia in The Color Purple for sassin’ the mayor’s wife? Mmmhmmm…
The awful truth about Sandra Bland’s death is that she is not the only Black woman to be killed (or to have died, for the benefit of the Negropeans and classic racist who scream ‘wait for the facts!!!’ in cases like these) while in police custody, and had it not been for social media, her death would have been tidily swept under the rug and hastily forgotten. The Fates have just deemed that her name has garnered a great deal of attention. It has been hard to find an accurate number of Black women killed by police or vigilantes, because many of them are not high profile names. Even when Black women and girls go missing, it’s hard to get public interest to focus on bringing them back home. Which missing Black child’s name is branded on your psyche the way Elizabeth Smart or JonBenet Ramsey were/are. The media won’t let you forget the name or the face of a missing white child or woman…but because Black lives don’t really matter to the mainstream, our lost (female) loved ones don’t enjoy these same privileges.
And this is what emboldens every person who preys on Black women’s bodies and polices our mobility in American society. In 2010, when 11 bodies of missing Black women were discovered in a Cleveland home, there was shock and horror. How could have come to this, so many wondered? Why did no one speak of these missing persons before? The answer is because we are invisible to American society, and worse yet, we as Black women KNOW that we are invisible. That is, of course, until the mainstream culture is looking for the next trend to coopt.
…and bore the lash as well.
Can I say one final thing? When Key & Peele did their Negro Town skit, I applauded them for their genius in brining humor in their portrayal of the difficulty of Black life in America. But there has always been one part that unsettled me. A trio of Black women come prancing by, singing about their ONE grievance that Negro Town has saved them from: In Negro Town where strong Black men are raining down/There’s light skinned, dark skinned, every shade/And there’s no white b*tches to take them away.
Bless Key & Peele’s little hearts. Neither of these young men was raised by a Black woman, so I wouldn’t expect them to understand Black female struggles…but damn it if that didn’t hurt. We are being KILLED out there, in every way imaginable. American food is poisoning us. When they talk about Black women’s “health” often times the industry is referring to an abortion and not finding a cure for fibroids, a condition that affects us in greater proportions than other races. We are more likely to be denied affordable housing. We are the “face of welfare”, even though white men are the majority recipients of federal aid. We watch helplessly as our children are carted away in the classroom to prison pipeline. And yes, we have fought, bled and died in the very fields and streets of the US of A with our fellow Black men. In all of this and more, do you really think our one and major concern is catching a man, Key & Peele? Puh-leeze.
Rest in Power, Sandra Bland. It hurts to say your name. Hurts like I’m speaking my own.
Like we’re speaking our own. Yes.
Pingback: The Death of Sandra Bland(They’re killing Sistas too) | Kushite Kingdom
Gosh! This made me sad, this made me laugh…
Its sad to know that black women are this invisible…
I laughed at the encouter you had, because i have had it so many times here in Sri lanka were non erbal signals are more often read than the verbal ones.
But you know what i came away with?
The fact that our voices can be heard, there is absolutely no reason why the lives of black women should bee swept under the rug when there are voices such as yours who can speak!
So main stream media has no interest in the lives of black women, but nothing stops us from creating our own platforms for self expression.
I was born and raised in Nigeria in very dire cricumstances, and i am now living in Sri Lanka only under very slightly improved circumstances, but i will gladly spend my spare time pushing the cause of black women all over the world…even in the big and mighty US of A.
This essay really, stired me!
Black sistas will learn to watch eachothers back, we will speak for each other…
I will do my bit to speak up for us, after all…
“And aren’t I a woman?”
Arent we women?
Andto qoute Soujourner in the same speech… way I love that speech eh? Especially the part about men having nothing to do with Christ’s existence because he was born of God and a WOMAN. Ah! ✊🏾
Pingback: Sick and Tired of Being Sick and Tired | Musings of An African WomanChapter 197: Self-training. Did He Use Up His Points?
Translator: Nyoi-Bo Studio Editor: Nyoi-Bo Studio
Mr. Yuan raised his hand and a green light enveloped the two of them. Lin Tian only felt the dizziness slowly dissipate. He was shocked. Just now, he really thought that he was immersed in the 10,000 times gravity. He didn’t even last a second. The moment the 10,000 times gravity illusion activated, he felt that he was already dead.
“Did I just walk through the gates of hell?”
Lin Tian couldn’t help but think to himself. He suddenly remembered a classic question. If his brain thought you were dead, would you really die? Just now, Lin Tian had experienced this moment. Fortunately, he was still alive, and everything was fine.
“The illusion is so real!”
Lin Tian thought to himself. At the same time, he was thinking about the illusion that Mr. Yuan had created just now. It was so intense that everything seemed to be real. Mr. Yuan’s strength was probably much stronger, Wang Mo’s illusion was far inferior to his.
Liu Wei had also recovered. However, Liu Wei had already fainted. The stretcher soon arrived at the gravity training room.
“It’s alright for young people to be impulsive. However, you should know your limit!”
Mr. Yuan looked at Lin Tian calmly and patted his shoulder. Then, he gave him a black card with a number written on it. Lin Tian realized that this card might be the room card of a single room. He had already won against Liu Wei just now. The room card was naturally his.
“Thank you. I will pay attention to it in the future!”
Lin Tian bowed to Mr. Yuan and said with a serious face. He had already realized his previous impulsiveness. For the sake of a single room card, he had almost given up his life. However, in order to become stronger, he had no choice but to give it his all. Moreover, with his Steel and Iron Bones, he naturally had some confidence that he could win against Liu Wei.
Mr. Yuan waved his hand to signal for Lin Tian to go to the training room. Lin Tian nodded and walked towards the gravity training room. Only the students who were watching were left. After Lin Tian and Mr. Yuan left, they finally woke up from their shock.
“Oh my God, what did I see just now? Hu hu hu.”
“Ten thousand times gravity, instantly blowing people into minced meat. Isn’t that too terrifying?”
“The highest gravity forces a human can withstand recorded in history is 5,239. The limit of the human body’s endurance was broken last year. Everyone should know the concept of 10,000 times gravity!”
“I don’t dare to try anymore. It’s too terrifying. Liu Wei was directly sent to the hospital.”
“We experienced an illusion? Mr. Yuan actually knew how to weave an illusion? Isn’t it too realistic?”
The surrounding students began to discuss among themselves. Some talked about the 10,000 times gravity, while others talked about the illusion. Everyone’s focus was different, but it didn’t affect their discussion at all.
The shock brought by the fight between Lin Tian and Liu Wei just now was too great. Especially the moment when Liu Wei was carried onto the stretcher, it made them even more surprised. The 10,000 times gravity could even affect people in the illusion.
Terrifying!
Too terrifying!
“That kid has a bright future ahead of him!”
After Mr. Yuan returned to the workbench, he smiled slightly. His right palm was completely black as if it was charred. Moreover, one could see his skin and flesh deeply. However, he did see a good seedling. That good seedling was naturally Lin Tian. Over the years, he had seen many geniuses. However, Lin Tian was the first to be able to withstand 10,000 times gravity for an instant, even in a real illusion.
Ten thousand times the gravity had far exceeded the limits of the human body. Countless people had been studying the limits of the human body ever since the Divinity Revival. In the end, they had simulated that 7,000 times gravity was the ultimate limit of the human body. But now, not to mention 7,000 times, not even 5,500 times gravity could be broken through. One could imagine how difficult it was.
Moreover, many experimenters believed that there was a restriction in the human body that restricted the limits of the human body’s growth. It prevented the human body from growing to that level without limit like the magical beast. However, hundreds of years had passed, the experimenters changed batch after batch, but they still couldn’t find a way to break through the restriction in the human body.
For hundreds of years, no one had seen hope. Today, Mr. Yuan actually saw hope in a young man. However, he didn’t intend to restrain Lin Tian. For such a genius, letting him experience and grow was more important than anything else.
…
The matter between Lin Tian and Liu Wei naturally became a hot topic in the campus. Very soon, everyone was discussing this matter. In the end, the rumors started to spread more and more wickedly. Meanwhile, the person involved, Lin Tian, had already arrived at the gravity training room, he placed his ID card on the control panel.
The biggest difference between a single room and a public area was that there was an additional independent room surrounding the control panel. Moreover, the control panel was open. That was all. After Lin Tian had chosen the gravity multiplier, he began his training.
“I should be able to adapt to the 1,000 times gravity now!”
Lin Tian adjusted the 1,000 times gravity and began his training.
As long as he could move freely under the corresponding gravity, or even undergo simple training, he would be able to temporarily adapt to the current gravity. Moreover, his body would not be too overloaded with stress. Because of Lin Tian’s Steel and Iron Bones, even with the support of a thousand times gravity, he could still easily carry out training. He could even summon Stellar Wolf to cooperate with him.
“Bang! Bang! Bang!”
Stellar Wolf retracted its wolf claws and formed a fist. It exchanged punches with Lin Tian like a human. The power of Stellar Wolf was also quite great. Lin Tian was sent flying with one punch, but he quickly adjusted himself. He continued to train with Stellar Wolf for the whole set.
Time passed very quickly. In the blink of an eye, Lin Tian had been in the gravity training room with Stellar Wolf for ten days. Because he had used 1,000 times the gravity, he needed a total of 3,000 academic points every day. In addition to the points that he had won against Liu Wei, Lin Tian had already used up all of his points.
“I’ve used up all my points quickly, but I’ve gained quite a lot!”
Lin Tian waved his fist. His muscles were much stronger than before, and he had grown ten centimeters taller. He was now more than 1.9 meters tall, and his tendons looked full of strength, he could even withstand a punch from Stellar Wolf.
On the day he left, Lin Tian tried 1,500 times gravity. When the 1,500 times gravity came down, his legs went weak, and he almost knelt on the ground.
“It seems that 1,500 times gravity is the level I can barely reach.”
Lin Tian muttered to himself. As for 2,000 times gravity, Lin Tian felt that there was no need to try again. He was here to test where his limit was, not to throw his life away. There was no need for him to risk his life.
“I have no more points. I have to complete the mission!”
Lin Tian sighed, 30,000 points was used up. It was simply not enough. He still had to continue to complete the mission.. However, when he went to complete the mission, he still had to go to a very important place.Russia's largest food retailer X5 has created a separate entity for its digital businesses, the company announced, paving the way for the new entity to go public.
X5 is discussing plans for an initial public offering (IPO) of its online business, which accounted for just 1% of the group's total sales in 2020 but is growing fast, with transaction volumes rocketing 347% last year.
'Several Promising Options'
'The company is considering several promising options for further development, including both attracting investors on the open capital market, investments through strategic partnerships, and independent development within X5,' the retailer said in a statement.
X5 said it planned to provide more details on strategic options for its digital business development within a year.
Digital Businesses
The group's digital businesses include online shop Perekrestok Vprok (Perekrestok.ru), the express delivery service for X5's Pyaterochka and Perekrestok stores, and Okolo, a delivery service it launched last year.
In May, the retailer announced plans to introduce its Okolo-branded delivery aggregator to new geographies outside Moscow and the Moscow region for food and ready-to-eat meals.
The expansion will see Okolo extending its services to St Petersburg, Voronezh, Nizhny Novgorod, Kazan, Krasnodar, and Rostov-on-Don.
X5 Retail Group reported a 14.1% year-on-year growth in revenue, to RUB1,978 billion (€22.5 billion), in full-year 2020 from RUB1,734 billion (€19.7 billion) in 2019.
According to chief executive officer, Igor Shekhterman, X5 entered 2021 on a “strong footing” as the leader in both online and offline grocery in Russia.
News by Reuters, additional reporting by ESM. For more Technology news, click here. Click subscribe to sign up to ESM: European Supermarket Magazine.They are additives which have been synthesized from organic substances, to add colour to products. It is believed that in the long-term its accumulation may favour carcinogenicity, so they have been removed from our products, this is why they are colourless.
PARABENS
They are preservatives that have a slight toxicity, being able to affect the most sensitive skins, manifesting allergies and dermatitis. In these formulas they have been replaced by other preservatives that offer greater tolerance.
PRESERVATIVES
SILICONES
By removing silicones and using more disposable conditioning agents, we reduce hair debris build ups and favour oxygenation.Zprávy
Tower Defense
Hrajte na IDC Games, vaší platformě pro Tower Defense hry
What happens when you mix turn-based strategy with real-time strategy? You get a strange mix called Tower Defense games! Tower Defense games are considered a subgenre of real-time strategy games, but since many of them incorporate elements of turn-based strategy games, it was a good idea to create a new genre for them. Tower Defense games are all about managing your resources and units to defend your territory. They're great fun, so come and have a go at Tower Defense Games!Canvas Wall Art
I had a creative itch which needed scratching and its a step away from footwear. Since I've been experimenting with using gold leaf on Nike shoes I couldn't help but be drawn to the stunning shine it offers and the way it catches the light, especially on surfaces which aren't flat.
I've been working on a way to create a 3D embossed look and feel to a canvas, the eye catching sort which has your hand reaching out to touch the surface, and I think I've managed to achieve it.
I started with a simple geometric mountain range design and paired it with a dark navy background to make the gold leaf stand out. Then moved onto something a little bit more intricate to test my new skills!
Both of these pieces are up for sale in the new Canvas Wall Art collection, and I plan to keep developing the collection with a series of animal themed geometric designs.
As always if you would like to comission your own design idea you can get in contact and let me know what you'd like!Job ikke fundet
Beklager, vi kunne ikke finde jobbet du ledte efter.
Find de seneste jobs her:..One of my all time favorite summertime desserts is a classic apple pie. You might call me a pie snob, but I only like it homemade. Which is great, but it takes up my whole afternoon to produce one – I make my crust by hand, roll it, cut it, shape it, cut my apples, mix them with sugar and other ingredients, simmer them , put them in the pie, add in this and that, cut out the top crust, stretch it over, and cook it for an hour. Whew! That isn’t something I want to do very often, so last week I thought up a better way, and since it is the 12th I am sharing it with you for this month’s 12 bloggers challenge! Be sure to read all the way to the end to see what amazing fresh and fruity recipes my fellow bloggers are cooking up as well.
Mini Apple Pie Tarts
Here is what you need:
- 2 pillsbury pie crusts
- 2 green apples, cut into small cubes
- 1 cup of cream cheese ( I like using the whipped version)
- 1 tbsp cinnamon
- 1 tsp vanilla extract
- 1 tbsp granulated sugar
- 1/2 cup of brown sugar
- juice of half a lime
- 6 mini tart or pie pans
First roll out your pie crust and cut it into 3-4 inch circles with a pastry cutter and lay them into your tart or pie pans.
Next mix your cream cheese, cinnamon, vanilla extract and sugar together. Drop a heaping spoonful into each of your crusts and spread it out evenly.
Add a layer of green apples on top of that and then sprinkle on a generous amount of brown sugar. Squeeze a bit of lime juice on each one.
Pop everything in the oven and bake at 350 degrees for 20 minutes or until your crust reaches a nice golden brown. When it is ready take them out, let them cool for a few minutes and serve!
Wasn’t that super easy? And now that your tastebuds are probably ready for some sweet and fruity deliciousness check out my fellow #12bloggers!
-
[…] Easy Apple Tarts from Million Moments […].
In this compilation you will find various classic games to spend your free time:
・ Word Search
・ Hangman
・ Tic-Tac-Toe
・ Sudoku
・ Solitaire
・ Dots and Boxes
・ SOS
・ 2048
・ Minesweeper
・ Snake book and logic games
・ Suitable for all ages
・ Thousands of words to enjoy playing
・ Available in 8 languages
・ Different levels and hints
・ Exercise your brain daily
・ Constant updates with new games
・ 4 games included: Word Search, Hangman, Sudoku and Tic Tac Toe
Do not think twice and discover all the games we have prepared in this special collection of our games. Hours and hours of fun!
ABOUT TELLMEWOW
Tellmewow is a mobile game development company
Improve your attention skills with brain training games for the whole family.
Get the addictive multiple puzzle games collection at one time!
Tricky game with smart teasers and IQ puzzles. Work out your brain and thinking!
Classic riddle Puzzle collection, Challenge yourself, Train your mind
Tease your brain with the most challenging questions, Multiple answers edition
Created with AppPage.net
Similar Apps - visible in preview.For better or worse, “investing” in biotech stocks has largely become a matter of looking for catalysts and placing your bet on the outcome.
And there’s no bigger catalyst for biotechs than updates or FDA decisions on ballyhooed drugs that could be potential (literally or relatively) blockbusters.
With that as the backdrop, the fourth quarter of 2015 is slated to supply plenty of these decisions and updates on some of the market’s most watched drugs.
To help investors navigate the biggest and best biotech trading opportunities, here’s a closer look at the top 10 industry events that could really move their respective stocks in Q4 … one direction or the other.
Biotech Stocks to Watch: Merck (MRK)
It’s more often classified as a pharmaceutical company than lumped in with true biotech stocks, but Merck (MRK) still has biotech news in the queue that could prove to be a big deal for MRK shares.
On Oct. 2, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration will make an approval/no-approval decision on pembrolizumab, or Keytruda, as a treatment for non-small cell lung cancer.
Keytruda is already approved as a therapy for melanoma, and although skin cancer is a relatively crowded field and NSCLC isn’t exactly competition-free either, Keytruda is a drug worth keeping an eye on simply because it was the country’s first approved anti-PD1 (programmed cell death) treatment … a category of drugs that has becoming quite promising.
At stake for Merck is a piece of the U.S. portion of the NSCLC market that was worth nearly $7 billion last year.
Biotech Stocks to Watch: Spectrum Pharmaceuticals (SPPI)
Spectrum Pharmaceuticals (SPPI) isn’t one of those biotechs that turns a lot of heads when mentioned. But, come Oct. 23, Spectrum and Ligand Pharmaceuticals (LGND) may have their day in the sun.
That’s when the FDA is going to make a decision on Captisol-Enabled Melphalan … a drug co-developed by LGND and SPPI.
Melphalan, in simplest terms, “primes” a multiple myeloma patient about to undergo a stem cell transplant. This particular version of the therapy (which is not only captisol-enabled but also propylene glycol-free) reduces common renal and heart problems associated with typical Melphalan, which in turn means infusion rates can be slowed down to make them more effective.
Biotech Stocks to Watch: Macrocure (MCUR)
Whereas Spectrum and Ligand are off-the-radar biotech stocks, Macrocure (MCUR) is downright obscure, perhaps to the point of being unknown to most.
But the more obscure the company, the bigger the impact of news can be.
That’s why biotech speculators will want to keep an eye on MCUR over the course of October. Sometime this month, the company is expected to post an update on its phase 3 trial of CureXcell as a treatment for venous leg ulcers.
Just so there’s no misunderstanding, the company reported in August it doesn’t believe CureXcell will reach the trial’s desired endpoint. But Macrocure does believe there were some encouraging results observed during the trial, and it may be possible to salvage the drug yet.
If there is, a big piece of August’s 75% plunge could be undone.
Biotech Stocks to Watch: Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (MACK)
Abraxane and gemcitabine are the current standard of frontline treatment for pancreatic cancer, and it’s unlikely MM-398 from Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (MACK) will dethrone that option anytime soon.
But the drug could make some waves within the world of second-line pancreatic cancer treatments. We’ll know more to that end on Oct. 24 when the FDA lets investors know what it thinks of the drug’s phase 3 results.
Though not quite as telling as the FDA’s “orphan drug” designation that seems to give so many biotech stocks a little extra bullish zing, MM-398 has been given priority review. This suggests the FDA saw enough in the results thus far to at least make an effort to get it to the market as quickly as possible, if it likes what it sees upon the deeper review of the drug.
Biotech Stocks to Watch: Repros Therapeutics (RPRX)
November is going to be a doubly exciting month for Repros Therapeutics (RPRX).
On Nov. 3, the FDA’s advisory panel will make a recommendation to the agency on whether to approve Androxal as a treatment for secondary hypogonadism. Then on Nov. 30, the FDA will officially take or ignore that advice.
Either or both could push the stock around.
Hypogonadism is two-dollar word for low testosterone, and is generally associated linked with obesity. Where Androxal differs from other drugs — and where RPRX differs from other biotech stocks working on similar treatments — is its delivery. Androxal is an orally administered therapy.
Biotech Stocks to Watch: Gilead Sciences (GILD)
There are several companies with sizable stakes in the business of HIV treatments, but none sell more HIV drugs than Gilead Sciences (GILD). And GILD may be on the verge of taking it up a notch.
How so? On Nov. 5, the FDA is expected to make a decision on a once-daily single tablet regimen that combines Gilead’s emtricitabine, tenofovir alafenamide, and rilpivirine. Tenofovir alafenamide (or TAF) is the game-changer in the mix. It’s a prodrug of tenofovir, which is the active part of Gilead’s Viread, although TAF requires only about a 10th of the dose, and boasts an attractive renal and bone safety profile.
Norbert Bischofberger, executive vice president of research and development for Gilead Sciences, noted of the drug:
“This TAF-based regimen has the potential to provide a range of HIV patients with a highly effective and well-tolerated new treatment option with a favorable safety profile. Gilead remains focused on advancing next-generation therapies that have the potential to improve HIV treatment over the long-term and TAF will be the cornerstone of future Gilead single tablet regimens.”
Biotech Stocks to Watch: Cerulean Pharma (CERU)
Add Cerulean Pharma (CERU) to a list of biotech stocks to watch closely in December (or maybe sooner) for an update on one of its key trials, though unfortunately, there’s no specific date yet for that update — it could happen anytime that month.
The drug in question is cancer-fighting therapy CRLX-101. CRLX-101 is a less toxic topoisomerase 1 inhibitor in the camptothecin family. The drug also increases effectiveness of such drugs by increasing the so-called “payload” delivered to tumorous cells. CLRX-101 is also an HIF-1a inhibitor, which is (in very rudimentary terms) a tumor’s way of resisting traditional cancer treatments.
To date, Cerulean Pharma has three trials of the drug underway … a phase 2 trial for renal cell carcinoma, a phase 2 trial for non-metastic rectal cancer, and a phase 2 trial as a therapy for ovarian cancer (administered with Avastin).
CERU has reported it intends to post an official update of the ovarian cancer and rectal cancer studies before the end of the year.
Biotech Stocks to Watch: Achillion Pharmaceuticals (ACHN)
As was the case with Cerulean Pharma (and the case with several other biotech stocks through the end of the year), it’s not clear when we’ll get a couple of key updates on ACH-3102 from Achillion Pharmaceuticals (ACHN).
We do know, however, the company has said it aims to unveil those updates before the end of the year. If it hasn’t happened in October or November, December will almost assuredly be the month.
ACH-3102 takes aim at hepatitis C. Two different studies of the drug in that capacity are underway. One of them is a look at how it performs with ACH-3422 and sovaprevir. The other is a review of how it does in conjunction with just sovaprevir.
In light of the stunningly high price of relatively new — but very effective — hepatitis C drugs Harvoni and Sovaldi from Gilead, a lot of eyes are looking at alternatives that could put some new competition on the field.
Biotech Stocks to Watch: GW Pharmaceuticals (GWPH)
A whole slew of companies rose to prominence a couple of years ago when marijuana legalization (medical and recreational) became a hot button. One of the few in that group that’s actually a legitimate, serious company, however, is GW Pharmaceuticals (GWPH).
And December should be a very busy month for the company.
GW Pharmaceuticals has several things in the pipeline, with updates due for many of them before the end of the year. That means it’s going to be happening in December, assuming the company isn’t able to squeeze them in before then.
Among the news in the queue is an update on GWP-42003 as a therapy for schizophrenia, an update on phase 3 drug Epidiolex as a treatment for Dravet Syndro as well as for Lennox-Gastaut syndrome, and a look at more data from the phase 3 Sativex trial as a therapy for cancer pain.
Biotech Stocks to Watch: Clovis Oncology (CLVS)
Last but not least, put Clovis Oncology (CLVS) on your Q4 watch list of biotech stocks. It has a fairly big update and a big milestone in its lineup as well.
Lucitanib is currently in phase 2 trials as therapy for breast cancer. The company plans on giving investors some to-date results for those trials before the end of the year, though it could possibly happen before December.
The proverbial big Kahuna in the queue for Clovis Oncology, however, is the launch of Rociletinib as a treatment for EGFR-mutated non-small cell lung cancer. Though the most recent report says the FDA could make the final decision as late as March 30, it could possibly come before then … maybe even before the end of the year.
That’s right — the drug has not even been approved yet; the company only requested approval in early August. But, in that the FDA has given it a breakthrough designation, hopes are understandably high, and Clovis appears immediately ready to put the drug on the market as a therapy for NSCLC.
As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.
More From InvestorPlace
- The 10 Best Stocks in the S&P 500 Through Q3
- The Top 10 Dow Dividend Stocks for October
- Chick-fil-A in NYC: A Shake Shack Killer? (SHAK)Gareth Gates says he’s proud of his muscly new body, but women preferred him when he was a ‘skinny beanpole’ teen.
The former pop star, 36, shot to fame when he was a runner-up on the first ever series of X Factor.
Winning second-place in 2002, he became a household name and enjoyed a string of pop hits.
But he says he’s worked hard over the last few years to transform his look.
Gone is the innocent looking skinny man, and in replace a buff new hunk.
What has Gareth Gates said about fame?
Speaking to The Sun, the dad-of-one said: “I definitely got more attention back then.”
Before adding: “But I think I look better now. It’s taken me six years to get this body.”
Read more: Beverley Callard’s daughter explains why she is exempt from certain trials
Gareth says he really got into the gym when he turned 30. And long gone are his party and boozing days.
And he even says he’d rather spend time in the gym than feel hungover the next day.
But despite him saying he got more attention in yesteryears – he added that women still slide into his Instagram direct messages all the time.
Does Gareth still have a stammer?
Indeed the star shows off plenty of steamy snaps and videos working on his Instagram account.
Back in the day, Gareth enjoyed a string of number one hits. These included his rendition of Unchained Melody, Anyone of Us (Stupid Mistake) and Spirit In The Sky.
Read more: Sheridan Smith ‘signs up as judge for Stars in Their Eyes reboot’
Rising to fame at the tender age of 17, he won hearts with both his angelic singing voice and the fact that he suffered a stammer.
View this post on Instagram
He told the Daily Post back in 2017, that he still struggles with his stammer.
He said: “My speech is a constant battle – I have ups and downs all the time but I know what to do and if I put the work in I can achieve it.”
But added that while on stage his stammer disappears.
Adding: “For those two hours I am on stage, I don’t have to think about my speech, it’s really liberating.”
After his pop career slowed down, Gareth went on to star in a series of hit stage musicals.
Gareth has played starring roles in the likes of Joseph and His Amazing Technicolour Dreamcoat, Les Misérables and Legally Blonde.
What do you think? Let us know on our Facebook page @EntertainmentDailyFix.Listing Provided by Knipe Realty ERA Powered.
- Price:
- $35,000
- Acreage:
- 0.52
- Listing ID #:
- NWM1856400
- Street Address:
- 0 112th St SW
- City:
- Lakewood
- State:
- Washington
- 98498
- County:
- Pierce
- Community:
- 36 - Lakewood
- Subdivision:
- Lakewood
- Listing Status:
- Pending
- Listing Type:
- Land
- Furnished:
- Unfurnished
- Structure:
- Unspecified
- Style:
- 40 - Res-Less Thn 1 Ac
- View:
- Territorial
- Lot Features:
- Dead End Street, Paved
- Lot Size Units:
- Square Feet
- Lot Square Footage:
- 22750
- Road Type:
- See Remarks
- Suitable Use:
- Residential
- Topography:
- Level
- On Market Date:
- 2021-10-28
- Originating Mls:
- Nwmls
- Terms:
- Cash Out, Conventional
- Subdivision:
- Lakewood
- Property Taxes:
- $373
- Tax Year:
- 2021
- Existing Water:
- Available, In Street
- Sewage Type:
- Available, In Street
- Utilities:
- Natural Gas Available, Electricity Connected<<
$35,000
8403 Kingfisher Ct SE, Olympia, WA 98513
0 Beds | 0 Baths
ACTIVE
$35,000
11607 Mill Pl, Anderson Island, WA 98303
0 Beds | 0 Baths
ACTIVEIntroduction
Ever since Martin Fowler and James Lewis wrote their original article on microservices in 2014, it has become the defacto standard for any sort of large-scale enterprise architecture. The microservices architectural style. This has meant that the modern enterprise that adopts microservices is capable of churning out features at a tremendous pace and with high quality.
Having said that, the microservices architecture comes with its own set of challenges, as Martin Fowler himself wrote about on his website. Like almost everything else in software engineering, the microservices architecture requires architects to carefully consider many factors including, and especially, the existing IT landscape of the organisation. While choosing microservices as the default for a Greenfield project might largely make sense (conditions applied), introducing it into a legacy ecosystem that isn’t ready for it is a non-trivial challenge.
In this article, we will take a look at one such problem statement where a microservices approach appears to be a good fit due to the many benefits it offers. However, when we try to introduce this pattern, we run into some hurdles, forcing us to consider alternatives. We will also learn about one such alternative, which will prove to be quite effective in this particular use-case. (Note that this blog post is heavily inspired by a recent legacy transformation journey I have been on for a client in the financial services domain.)
The Enterprise-Wide Legacy Database Problem
For our journey, let us consider a problem statement that will be familiar to folks who have worked on any sort of large-scale enterprise transformation.
What we see in the above picture is the following:
- A large, monolithic legacy database that serves as the source of truth for the entire enterprise. In an ideal world, this is what we will need to break down as we implement our microservices architecture. In my experience, these databases usually tend to have pretty well-defined schemas. This will come in handy as we proceed further into this problem statement.
- Multiple legacy systems that both read from and write to the above database.
Having multiple legacy applications not only poses a technical challenge for a legacy rewrite, it is also normally one of the main drivers for enterprises to rebuild, since users find navigating across multiple legacy applications quite painful.
One thing we do not see in the above diagram but that will be apparent to folks who have faced a problem statement like this is that a ecosystem like the above is what primarily leads to slow delivery of features in enterprises. This is normally due to a lack of confidence in the overall ecosystem with a small change necessitating a full-blown inter-application regression before it can reach production. This then again is one of the main drivers why enterprises want to move away from the monolithic database that powers multiple disparate applications.
Introducing Microservices via Strangulation
One obvious solution when presented with a legacy rewrite like this is to adopt the pattern that Martin Fowler and Sam Newman refer to as the Strangler Fig Application. Unsurprisingly this pattern goes well with a microservices-based architecture.
In this pattern, we simply find and start with the highest-value, lowest-cost domain from the business standpoint, build a microservice(s) for it, porting over functionality periodically till we run out. Once we have done this for all the domains within the business, what we are left with (hopefully) is an enterprise that is built on top of a multitude of microservices, each with its own database and deployment pipeline, thus reaching the enterprise promised land.
While that sounds enticing, there are some pitfalls and hurdles one normally faces thanks to the peculiarities of the enterprise legacy landscape.
The Painful Reality of Legacy Integration
Remember that large, monolithic database we spoke about when we introduced our problem statement, well that is what usually stops our legacy rewrite from reaching the microservices-filled promised land. To illustrate why this is the case, let me expand our original legacy diagram to more closely align with reality.
As we see now, it is not just the multiple legacy applications that read from and write to our monolithic database, there’s also:
- Batch Jobs - These are a mainstay of most enterprises. They can be anything from nightly computation jobs that write back to the database to jobs that publish data to OLAP databases to ones that publish to external systems.
- External Systems - While these are less common, we cannot rule them out, especially in the financial services domain where enterprises will find themselves needing to publish data to third-party regulators periodically.
What does this mean for us as we try to strangulate a domain from the monolithic database into one of our microservices?
In short, building a microservice on top of a legacy monolithic database with dependencies means that any new data that we generate needs to be synced back to the legacy database. And vice versa.
As one might imagine, this is a non-trivial problem at the best of times. A quick search of the Internet tells us as much. (A random search yielded me this SO question, of which the top answer provides many solutions too.)
It is not that there aren’t solutions to this particular problem. On the contrary, there are many. It is simply that most of them can be time and money consuming to implement. If the enterprise has plenty of time and an unlimited budget at their disposal to go ahead and do this, it would be the ideal choice. (And I have seen it done successfully on past projects with similar landscapes.)
But what happens when time and money are in limited supply and we still need to deliver functioning software built on modern technologies solving the particular business problem at hand?
Leaving the Legacy Database Untouched
At this point, one might ask a pertinent question: What happens if we choose not to rewrite the legacy database and simply build our new, fancy application on top of it, while still following all the modern best practices for microservice development and deployment. For one, we cannot call it a “microservices-architecture” anymore, since the key underpinning of that pattern is that every service has its own database.
By leaving a large monolithic database untouched and simply building services on top it, we end up with what has been referred to as Services-Based Architecture by Neal Ford and Mark Richards.
To borrow the diagram from The Fundamentals of Software Architecture, we end up with an architecture that somewhat looks like this:
Now there are many variations of this architectural style that I won’t go deep into. I suggest reading the above book to get a good understanding of all of them.
Benefits of Services Based Architecture
With this style, we get many of the same benefits that a microservices style of architecture would give us:
- Infrastructure Point of View
- Ease of Deployment
- Reliability and Scalability
- Performance
- Development Experience Point of View
- Modularity and Decoupling
- Easy Testability
While those are fairly obvious benefits of splitting our monolith into individual services, if we take the time to revisit our earlier problem statement, we will find that a few other benefits specific to services-based architecture reveal themselves.
Time and Money Savings
One of the considerations I put forth as to why a pure microservices approach was not possible was that we didn’t have the time and budget necessary to implement a two-way data sync mechanism between the legacy and the new database.
Adopting a services-based architecture gets rid of that particular problem. Remember what I mentioned earlier about the legacy database being well-designed, this is what gives us the confidence to adopt this architectural style in this particular instance.
By reusing the legacy database, we will have savings in terms of both time and overall budget, resulting in a faster time to market for our legacy rewrite.
Simplicity
Going back to our data-syncing challenge, it is worth mentioning that building a syncing mechanism is not only time and budget consuming, but also adds a layer of complexity to our architecture. This mechanism is code we will have to write and maintain. Not only that, no such mechanism is fool-proof, and if we happen to end up with missing records, debugging can be a pain.
Once again, services based architecture eradicates this completely. We end up with an architecture that is simpler and easier to maintain in the long-run.
Learnings from an Implementation
I have adopted this pattern on a recent project to much success. We have been able to meet all our delivery timelines and provide great value to the client, which I’m fairly confident wouldn’t have materialised had we proceeded with our original plan of implementing a microservices based architecture.
There are also a number of learnings I have from implementing a services-based architecture that I want to share.
Domain Driven Design still reigns supreme
To quote Neal Ford and Mark Richards:
Service-based architecture is a domain-partitioned architecture, meaning that the structure is driven by the domain rather than a technical consideration (such as presentation logic or persistence logic).
In our own approach to services-based architecture, we broke away from this key idea and split some of our services along technical lines. While I don’t want to go into the gory details, it basically came down to there being different mechanisms of integrating with the legacy systems and us building services as anti-corruption layers aligned with those mechanisms.
This caused challenges after a while since we had trouble in choosing which ACL service a particular functionality belonged to. If I were to do it again, I would choose domain-driven services over the above, despite some amount of additional effort that might be involved in extracting those different integration mechanisms as self-contained libraries.
Do not be eager to split services
In one of the key decisions that went astray, we eagerly chose to split a service into two. While we had our reasons at the time, it was only after we began developing that we realised the folly of this decision. Implementation of our first story within the new service ended up being such a massive copy-and-paste effort from another service that we eventually decided to go back on this decision.
Going back to Neal Ford and Mark Richards' book, they mention that services in this architectural style typically tend to be coarse-grained rather than fine-grained. This is a key lesson to keep in mind when adopting this style.
Do not be afraid to mix and match with microservices
When working with (and rewriting) a pre-existing legacy database, there are high chances that we will discover new domain concepts not already prevalent in the business ecosystem. In such cases, we should not shy away from developing a traditional microservice for it.
That is one of the primary advantages of this architectural style: its ability to co-exist with other traditional microservices, functioning similar to one by exposing and consuming Restful APIs.
When to Use
One thing to bear in mind is that the services-based architectural style must usually be seen as an intermediate step in the legacy rewrite journey and not the destination. With this style, tight coupling at the database level persists obviously, and this makes evolving our architecture to the ever-changing user needs considerably more challenging than with a microservices approach.
That being said, I still consider it a pragmatic choice for many scenarios where microservices might be deemed too expensive; the problem statement I presented here being just one example of such a situation. In these scenarios, services-based architecture is a viable alternative. As we have seen, it offers most of the benefits of the former that makes it worth considering.
Further Reading
To understand more deeply about different architecture styles and services-based architecture in particular, I highly recommend Mark Richards' and Neal Ford’s new book, Fundamentals of Software Architecture.
Conclusion
The services-based architecture style presents a viable alternative to other distributed architectural styles such as microservices or event-driven. Their simplicity and effectiveness make up for shortcomings such as tighter database coupling, making it a worthy addition to the architect’s toolbox.
This is especially true of legacy rewrites in complex enterprise ecosystems with a preexisting monolithic database. In such situations, adopting a services-based architecture as a first step alleviates many issues and allows development teams to deliver features faster, while still adhering to modern best practices such as automated unit/integration/contract testing and independent deployments.
Share This Article(WBNG) – According to the Food and Drug Administration, Mizkan America Inc. has recalled a select selection of Ragú Pasta Sauce.
Mizkan America says it has recalled the products that were produced between June 4 and 8, because there may be plastic fragments in the sauce.
The company encourages consumers to check the refrigerator and pantry for the recalled sauce and discard it.
Mizkan America says consumers should look at the code on the yellow jar as well as the best used by date to determine if their purchased sauce is being carried out at the recall.
To see the list of sauces affected by the recall, visit the FDA website by clicking here.
The company says if the sauce is not on the list, then it is unaffected by the recall.
Mizkan America says it works with grocery stores and retailers to remove the product from the store shelves.3 Quick Travel Health Tips for an International Trip
PHU QUOC, VIETNAM – I love to travel, but I’m getting old. I know it because on our recent 10-day Asia trip, I became a shell of myself and slowly withered away health-wise due to stupidity and a little bit… Continue ReadingSCTV: In this S2E4 of the Security Culture TV, Kai Roer invites Perry Carpenter to share his take on where the security awareness industry is heading. Carpenter is a former Gartner analyst who is serving as the Chief Evangelist and Strategy Officer at the industry leader KnowBe4. With his extensive experience and clear view of the industry, Carpenter discuss where the industry comes from, where it is headed, and what is needed to get it there.
Over.Boos (originally known as Boo Diddleys and later Boo Buddies)
Boos first appear in Super Mario Bros. 3. Here, they are referred to as Boo Diddleys, a pun off the late rock star Bo Diddley. However, future games refer to them only as Boos.
It looks like you're new here. If you want to get involved, click one of these buttons!
That tricky bettle, Buzzy, has a new tactic to ambush Mario. He'll fall off the ceiling when you get close. Be ready to jump over him as he spins toward you.
Usually, if you're right next to Bullet Bill or a pipe with a Piranha Plant inside, you can't be hurt by them. But in the Giant World, it doesn't always work that way. Giant Piranha Plants won't notice you and still go in and out.
so I thought I'd glance over it and found this stuff.
I didn't know Boo's last name was Diddly.
i'd assumed they just dropped the Diddly for the sake of brevity.
:)
or maybe there's no such thing as truth
"When I hit the deck, my entire Airship shakes. Little twerps like you, Mario, won't be able to move. (Heh! Heh! I don't think Mario will be able to time his jumps so he's in the air when I land. So it's time to squash him!)"
Clown Around With Lemmy Koopa
"Welcome to Lemmy's Magical Circus, Mario!!! Would you like to have some fun with these magical balls? See if you balance yourself on top of them like I can. Ha Ha Ha!"
[I always knew something was odd with Lemmy.]
[Is it A. Republican(let the hate mail commence) B. Red Koopa Troopas, or C. Reimu's long lost twin.]UPDATE:
Fire crews are currently dealing with a house fire in Torquay.
Fire engines from Torquay and Paignton were mobilised to reports of a fire at a property in Walnut Road at around 3.45pm this afternoon.
Further appliances were then mobilised from Torquay and Paignton.
Crews are currently on scene using 2 attack jets fighting the fire that is now breaking through the roof. The aerial ladder platform is currently being set up in preparation for use.
To be updated as information becomes available.Property Attributes
- MLS#1485391
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyKNOX
- CityWarren
- Zip04864
- StyleCottage
- Year Built2003
- Taxes$ 1377
- Price$ 229,000
- Bedrooms2
- Full Bathrooms1
- Half Bathrooms1
- Sqr Footage936
- Lot Size1.67 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
ERA Cousens Realty
Data Source:
Maine Listings (MREIS) - 211 - ME
Property Description
Quiet 1.6 acre, property minutes to South Pond public access. Property includes a cute two bedroom home built in 2003 and consits of two bedrooms, one and one half baths, a loft , rocking chair porch and a full dry basementOnly the fires of our revolutionary love can drive the cooling hate of oppression
Today is MLK Jr. day, and it is likely by now you have already seen these words of his in emails and across your social media feed at least a dozen times:
“Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.”
Martin Luther King Jr.
This quote comes from a sermon called “Loving Your Enemies” that MLK jr. gave at Dexter Avenue Baptist Church in Montgomery, Alabama in 1957. An entire eleven years before he was murdered by the United States government with support from many of its white citizens. It’s one of his quote most fetishized and taken outside of a larger context of body of work, outside of an increasing radicalizing politic that Dr. King would come to especially near the end of his life.
The quote, and the whitewashing industrial complex and disinfo campaign around it, is so indicative of the gaslighting, colonial, white violence of the Christianity that was first forced on my ancestors and pushed on us over the centuries. They told us “Do not join together and avenge yourselves with the sword, with revolution, but love your oppressors. In fact, we will call your advocacy for yourself and your uprising ‘hate’ and teach you to see your own liberation as a dark, despicable thing.” They made us “love” those who hated us the most and never once over centuries showed us any measure of kindness or hint of ceasing in their never ending violence, and to hate the one thing that is actually the most radical act of self-love, our liberation from their shackles.
So today I will honor the quote for what it is in its context, and while I may disagree with what it meant in 1957, I also know there’s more to it. That it is not a holistic look into neither the politic nor spirituality of MLK Jr. especially in the years that came since. And even if we were to still disagree, which I can do easily while yet respecting his work and true legacy, I will not let white cooption further stoke unrest and division in our rich legacies of resistance. I take something to heart from this quote today that I’ll share with you that I feel is yet inspired by MLK Jr.’s vigilant, present and tireless love.
Today I will not eschew love or talk down this quote for how it mischaracterizes love. I will not let wretched colonizers who do not know the first thing about love take it from me and turn me upon myself and my potential for love. Instead I will talk dearly about the revolutionary love I know and wish to feed.
May my love be a light like an inescapable fire that burns and torches all oppression, hegemony and violence like tinder, the undoing and destruction of which feeding and creating a rich fertile soil from which to grow more love anew.
May my love be a comforting igniting flame in the hearts of all the downtrodden and forgotten, the erased and maligned, may it be a whisper to light it up, fight, go, go! I love you, dearly, and I strive for our victory in the struggle against our upheaval.
May my love be hateful, scornful, painful and anathema to all enemies of the people! Maybe it bring them only suffering and devastation! Maybe it be endlessly disagreeble to sanitization and cooption, a recipe to disaster from those who wish to capture or use the light to their own greedy, nullifying ends.
I shirk the freezing darkness of obedience, patriotism, imperialism, capitalism, patriarchy, supremacy, middling tolerance and acceptance, empty liberal equality, deadly assimilation, hollow words of “love” from the rotting mouths of power. They know nothing of love, so deep in the darkness, they hate and scorn the warm of our fires. My love burns and rips through the darkness!
The warmth of our liberation is their enemy! The collective fires of our love a bitter medicine to their coldness, so white and pale from having avoided the sun for so long.
May my fire through all my years and even when I am tired, even when it has at times burned me out, even after I am gone, never extinguish, forever tended to and carried by the next generations as it was carried by those before me. May every day I find rest and reprieve to carry or sit by the fire how best I can at any given time. May I always keep watch and add another ember to the fire, growing and stoking the light to immeasurable heights!
This is my love, generational and wizened, exacting and sure, energizing and gentle, enduring and inextinguishable, insatiable and hungering, bountiful and generative, comforting and cruel, all at once. This, this light, we deserve this light. It is a powerful love. And it will drive out the darkness.
May the fires of this love be a light and make a way to a brighter free future.- Review
- Open Access
- Published:
Clinical detection and characterization of bacterial pathogens in the genomics era
Genome Medicine volume 6, Article number: 114 (2014)
15k Accesses
72 Citations
8 Altmetric
-
Abstract
The availability of genome sequences obtained using next-generation sequencing (NGS) has revolutionized the field of infectious diseases. Indeed, more than 38,000 bacterial and 5,000 viral genomes have been sequenced to date, including representatives of all significant human pathogens. These tremendous amounts of data have not only enabled advances in fundamental biology, helping to understand the pathogenesis of microorganisms and their genomic evolution, but have also had implications for clinical microbiology. Here, we first review the current achievements of genomics in the development of improved diagnostic tools, including those that are now available in the clinic, such as the design of PCR assays for the detection of microbial pathogens, virulence factors or antibiotic-resistance determinants, or the design of optimized culture media for ‘unculturable’ pathogens. We then review the applications of genomics to the investigation of outbreaks, either through the design of genotyping assays or the direct sequencing of the causative strains. Finally, we discuss how genomics might change clinical microbiology in the future.
The impact of next-generation sequencing in infectious disease diagnostics
Infectious diseases are one of the leading causes of human mortality worldwide [1]. Therefore, accurate diagnostic methods are required to optimize the clinical management of infected patients. However, the gold standard for the diagnosis of infectious diseases has long been the culture in growth-supporting media, including the isolation, identification and antibiotic-susceptibility testing of the causative microorganism. Currently, this diagnostic scheme takes a minimum of 24 hours. The introduction of the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) [2] method in the 1980s resulted in the development of a multitude of diagnostic tools that helped improve the efficiency of diagnostics and the characterization of infectious-disease agents by detecting and identifying their DNA. However, the design of these assays remained mostly empirical, being notably based on the use of the 16S rRNA gene [3], until bacterial genome sequencing became a reality in the mid-1990s [4]. Microbial genomics, enabling a rational design of most molecular assays by selecting molecular targets according to their objective, has now had a major impact on the diagnosis and prevention of infectious diseases, with detection and identification of pathogens being directly performed within specimens without the need for culture [5].
Since 2005, the development of next-generation sequencing (NGS), together with decreasing costs for sequencers and reagents, has democratized genomics (Table 1) [6]. Currently, a bacterial genome sequence can be obtained within a few days for less than US$500 [6], and more than 38,000 genome sequences are available in public databases [7]. NGS has had many applications in medical microbiology, including the design of diagnostic and genotyping tools, the identification of virulence and antibiotic-resistance mechanisms and the development of specific culture media [8]-[12].
Here, we review the most relevant applications of genomics to the fields of molecular detection, identification and genotyping of infectious-disease agents, detection of virulence and antibiotic-resistance markers, design of culture media and investigation of outbreaks (Table 2; Figure 1), including those that are already available in clinical microbiology laboratories, and we offer our thoughts on how genomics might change clinical microbiology in the future.
Applications of bacterial genomics to the management of infectious diseases. Genome sequence analysis has enabled the development of various clinical-microbiology tools for pathogen detection, identification or genotyping by identification of sequence fragments specific at distinct taxonomic levels (genus, species, strain, clone), for the detection of genes associated with antibiotic resistance or virulence and for the identification of deficient metabolisms to aid the development of optimized culture media. However, whole-genome sequencing, by giving access to the full genetic repertoire of an isolate, has demonstrated an undisputed discriminatory power for deciphering outbreaks of infectious diseases.
Detection of pathogens in clinical specimens
Rapid detection and identification of infectious agents in clinical specimens are mandatory in order to implement appropriate therapeutic measures. Therefore, an ideal detection assay should both be sensitive, specific and rapid to maximize the chances of patient recovery and be able to minimize the occurrence of clinical complications.
Since its development in 1983, PCR remained the most widely used molecular method in clinical microbiology, notably for detection of microorganisms in clinical specimens, until 1996 when real-time PCR (RT-PCR) was developed. In contrast to long-established culture-based diagnostic methods, PCR enabled identification of microorganisms regardless of their culturability and was, therefore, especially valuable in patients who had received antibiotics before sampling or those infected by fastidious microorganisms - that is, microorganisms that do not grow in the usual culture conditions [3]. However, early PCR assays were empirically designed and often targeted a gene common to all bacteria, thus allowing the detection of any species (for example, the rRNA operon or the groEL gene). Although these broad-range PCR assays enabled the discovery of many human pathogens [13], they suffered from various drawbacks, in particular a lack of sensitivity, specificity and discriminatory power among bacterial species [14]. By contrast, RT-PCR, targeting shorter fragments and using a fluorescent probe, greatly improved the speed, sensitivity and specificity of detection, in particular when coupled to the rational selection of PCR targets in genomic sequences according to the experimental objective and the degree of specificity required (genus-, species-, subspecies-, strain- or gene-specific) [15]-[17]. As the genomes from more than 37,000 bacterial strains are currently available, including those of all major human pathogens, it is now possible for clinical microbiologists to design specific PCR assays according to their needs by using the available tools. As examples, Marshall developed ‘PerlPrimer’, a software enabling the design of target-specific PCR or RT-PCR primers [15], Pritchard and colleagues proposed an alignment-free method for designing strain-specific primers for Escherichia coli O104:H4 [18], and Hung and associates designed a stepwise computational approach mixing several publicly available softwares to identify species-specific signatures in whole-genome sequences [17]. Using Streptococcus pyogenes as a model, Hung and colleagues designed and tested the validity of 15-signature-derived primer sets, including nine that were highly species-specific in vitro[17]. In addition, RT-PCR made possible the development of syndrome-driven molecular diagnosis in which assays detecting the most common etiological agents of a given syndrome are tested concomitantly [19]. In a recent study, Sokhna and colleagues described the use of a syndrome-driven strategy for the point-of-care diagnosis of febrile illness [20]. This type of diagnostic method has the advantage of testing, in a short time and a limited number of specimens, the most common causative agents of a given syndrome and can be especially valuable, for example, in the diagnosis of meningitis, pneumonia, endocarditis, pericarditis or sexually transmitted diseases. Thus, it enables a more efficient management of patients by enabling an earlier commencement of appropriate antibiotic therapy. Furthermore, genomics has also allowed the design of multiplex PCR assays enabling simultaneous detection and discrimination of various microorganisms, as has been the case for members of the Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex and Mycobacterium canettii[8]. This is also true for microarrays, some of which can enable the detection and identification of more than 2,000 viral and 900 bacterial species at once [21]. Nsofor recently reviewed the applications of microarrays to the syndrome-based diagnosis of infectious diseases, some of which, such as the ResPlex II Panel v2.0 (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany) and the FilmArray Respiratory Panel (BioMerieux, Marcy L’Etoile, France) for respiratory infections, are commercially available [22].
In addition to the development of highly specific PCR assays, the study of genomic sequences enabled the optimization of the sensitivity of detection, either by selecting a gene or fragment of noncoding DNA present as several copies in the genome [23] or by designing nested PCR assays targeting previously unused genomic fragments [24]. Fenollar and colleagues identified a seven-copy fragment in the genome from the bacterium Tropheryma whipplei and demonstrated that a RT-PCR assay targeting this repeated fragment was significantly more sensitive than assays targeting a single-copy fragment [23]. By contrast, Drancourt and colleagues developed a strategy named 'suicide PCR' that is based on nested-PCR assays targeting genome fragments that had never been used as PCR targets previously and that will be targeted only once with single-use primers [25]. These authors also demonstrated a higher sensitivity of their method over regular PCR. Targeting multicopy fragments was demonstrated to be highly sensitive for the detection of Q fever, Whipple’s disease, brucellosis, and infections caused by Mycoplasma pneumoniae or Neisseria meningitidis, whereas ‘suicide PCR’ was successful in detecting Yersinia pestis from dental specimens of ancient plague outbreaks and Rickettsia spp. in various arthropod-borne diseases [24],[25].
To date, several genome-based PCR tests have become commercially available. These include the LightCycler SeptiFast (Roche, Mannheim, Germany) and GeneXpert (Cepheid, Sunnyvale, CA, USA) systems that offer multiplexed detection of the various pathogens potentially involved in a given infectious syndrome. The latter system also enables simultaneous discrimination of M. tuberculosis complex species and detection of rifampicin resistance. Alternative assays are based on various detection methods for PCR products, as is the case for the ResPlex II Panel (Qiagen, Hilden, Germany) and Film Array (BioMerieux), in which PCR amplicons are hybridized to a microarray for the syndrome-based detection of pathogens, the GenoType MTBDRplus assay (Hain Lifescience, Nehren, Germany) that combines PCR and hybridization to a strip to detect antibiotic resistance in M. tuberculosis, and the PLEX-ID (Abbott, Abbott Park, IL, USA), in which broad-range and clade-specific PCR products are identified through using electro-spray ionization-mass spectrometry. The latter system enables screening human specimens for bacteria, viruses, fungi, protozoa and several antibiotic-resistance-associated genes [26].
However, although PCR and, more recently, RT-PCR have revolutionized the diagnosis of infectious diseases by reducing the time to diagnosis and increasing the detection sensitivity, several challenges remain, including the spectrum of detected agents, which is limited by the specificity of the assays used. However, thanks to their decreasing cost, the development of syndrome-based multiplex PCR assays or microarrays is likely to increase in the coming years. Alternatively, NGS, already known to be used for genotyping purposes in clinical microbiology, might also be increasingly used for clinical detection of pathogens, as was recently described for the diagnosis of a case of neuroleptospirosis [27].
Genotyping
In situations when understanding the source and spread of microorganisms is crucial, as is the case for outbreaks caused by multidrug-resistant or hypervirulent bacteria and nosocomial or pandemic infections, a higher discriminatory power is needed to be able to trace pathogens at the strain level. Identifying bacteria at the strain level - or bacterial strain typing - is particularly important for epidemiological surveillance of infections. Strain typing also has applications in studying bacterial population dynamics. Over the past three decades, molecular typing (or molecular fingerprinting) methods have largely superseded phenotypic methods, including the morphology of colonies on various culture media, biochemical tests, serology, killer toxin susceptibility and pathogenicity, which exhibit insufficient discriminatory power, inability to quantify genetic relationships between isolates, limited reagent availability, poor intra- and inter-laboratory reproducibility and difficulties in comparing results obtained in different laboratories. In a similar fashion as described for PCR assay design, genomic sequences can be a source of genotyping targets. Molecular typing methods can be classified as non-sequence-based and sequence-based genotyping methods, depending on their design (Figure 2). Non-sequence-based genotyping methods include pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE), PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism (PCR-RFLP), multiple-locus variable-number tandem-repeat analysis (MLVA), single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) and microarrays. Sequence-based genotyping methods include multilocus sequence typing (MLST), multispacer sequence typing (MST) and whole-genome sequence typing. The choice of genotyping method should be made according to the population structure of the investigated microorganism. This is particularly crucial for clonal bacteria, such as M. tuberculosis or Bacillus anthracis, for which structural genes are poorly polymorphic and PCR-RFLP or MLST are inadequate, whereas MLVA is able to discriminate among strains [28].
Principles of genome-based genotyping methods. By genomic comparison, investigators can identify specific sequence signatures that can be used in non-sequence-based methods (DNA banding-pattern-, PCR- or hybridization-based methods) or sequence-based methods (partial or complete genome sequencing). MLST, multi-locus sequence typing; MLVA, multiple locus variable number tandem repeat analysis; MST, muti-spacer sequence typing; PCR-RFLP, PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism; PFGE, pulsed-field gel electrophoresis; RFLP, restriction fragment length polymorphism; SNP, single nucleotide polymorphism.
Non-sequence-based genotyping methods
PFGE and PCR-RFLP have long been considered as 'gold standard' genotyping methods. These methods are DNA-banding-pattern-based methods that compare the electrophoretic profiles of restriction-enzyme-cut genomes or PCR-amplified genes from various strains. Initially, these methods relied on uncharacterized genomic differences or empirically selected target genes. By contrast, genome sequences, as was the case for M. tuberculosis or Y. pestis[9], can be used to rationally improve the sensitivity and specificity of PFGE or PCR-RFLP by enabling the ‘in silico’ prediction of the most appropriate restriction profiles of rare-cutter enzymes for a given bacterium.
In an alternative approach, Yang and colleagues have used genomics to design the ‘Pan-PCR’ software, dedicated to the identification of strain-specific PCR targets in genome sequences in a ‘presence/absence’ mode, that is, the amplification of a series of unrelated genes that were differentially present in the genomes from the studied strains [29]. As an example, in Acinetobacter baumannii, the presence or absence of six genetic loci, as determined by six locus-specific PCR assays, discriminated 29 tested strains [29]. Such a method is rapid, easy to perform and only requires a real-time thermal cycler, but it might not be adapted to species with highly conserved genomes such as B. anthracis in which the gene content does not vary among strains.
Another non-sequence-based genotyping method that benefited from the availability of genome sequences is MLVA. This method is based on the determination of the number and length of variable number of tandem repeats (VNTRs) present in a genome and is applicable to a variety of pathogens [30],[31]. Currently, MLVA is a reference genotyping method for many bacteria, such as M. tuberculosis[28],[32], and has also been used to investigate outbreaks of infections, as was demonstrated by Paranthaman and colleagues, who accurately identified the source of a multidrug-resistant Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium outbreak that occurred in England in 2011 [31]. MLVA is a rapid, easy-to-perform, affordable and reproducible genotyping method with high discriminatory power, but it has been demonstrated to be non-adaptable for some species, such as Mycoplasma hyopneumoniae, which lacks tandem repeats [33], and in long-term epidemiology for Mycobacterium leprae in which variations in the VNTR pattern were observed not only between isolates but also between specimens from the same patient [16].
The detection of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs), another widely used typing method for bacteria, has also been improved through using genome sequences. This method, based on point-nucleotide changes between strains of a given species, has enabled the genotyping of several bacterial pathogens [9],[34]-[39], including Coxiella burnetii[40]. Using SNP genotyping, Huijsmans and colleagues identified five genotypes of C. burnetii that were involved in the large outbreak of Q fever that occurred in the Netherlands between 2007 and 2012 [40]. By comparison with other genotyping methods, SNP-based methods are rapid, sensitive, easy to perform and unambiguous in result interpretation. However, it should be noted that interpreting SNP genotyping data is highly dependent on the algorithm, the reference sequence and the sequencing platform used, which highlights a need for standardization of the methods used.
Genome-based DNA microarrays, an intermediate between non-sequence-based and sequence-based methods, contain probes specific for some or all genes present in a genome [41]. This method enables simultaneous strain comparisons at a whole-genome level. It can be automated and is a fast, sensitive and high-throughput genotyping tool [16],[42]. Genome-based DNA microarrays were developed to genotype a number of human pathogens, including Escherichia coli[43], for which Geue and colleagues were able to discriminate 446 Shiga-toxin-producing E. coli[44]. DNA microarrays can also be used to detect and identify microorganisms in complex floras [30],[45]. However, although highly discriminatory, microarray-based methods suffer from the major drawback that they cannot identify genetic fragments for which no probe is used.
Sequence-based genotyping methods
By comparison with non-sequence-based methods, sequence-based genotyping has the major advantage of being highly reproducible because the sequence fragments on which it is based are stored in public databases. Sequence-based genotyping methods can rely on the selection of one or several genomic targets or on the whole genome sequence. Single-locus sequence-typing methods require the in silico identification of a highly variable gene, such as the coagulase- and protein-A-encoding genes that are the genomic targets of coa or spa typing, respectively, two broadly used tools for Staphylococcus aureus[46],[47].
MLST, developed in 1998, is one of the most frequently used sequence-based genotyping methods. It is based on the combination of genotypes obtained from several individual genes, usually housekeeping genes, for characterizing bacterial strains [48]. Genome-sequence-designed MLST assays have been useful for typing pathogens that have highly variable genomes among strains, such as E. coli, N. meningitidis or S. aureus[30],[49],[50], but they demonstrated limited discriminatory power among those bacteria with highly conserved genomes such as B. anthracis[30]. In 2012, rMLST, based on a combination of 53 ribosomal protein subunits, was demonstrated to discriminate strains within the genus Neisseria[51]. However, whole-genome MLST, incorporating more than 500 loci, was able to identify bacteria at the clone level [52]. This method is especially valuable when implemented with the BIGSdb platform that enables standardization of data [53]. In a similar fashion, multi-spacer typing (MST), based on the assumption that intergenic spacers are more variable than genes owing to a lower selection pressure, combines sequences from the most variable intergenic spacers between aligned genomes of bacterial strains instead of genes [54]. First developed for Y. pestis[54], MST has also been efficient at typing strains from various other bacteria, including C. burnetii[30],[55]-[57]. Glazunova and colleagues, by using a combination of 10 intergenic spacer sequences, were able to classify 159 C. burnetii isolates within 30 distinct genotypes [55]. MST was demonstrated to be more discriminatory than MLST for R. conorii strains [56].
However, bacterial whole-genome sequencing (WGS) using NGS, by giving access to the whole genetic content of a strain, is the ultimate discriminatory sequence-based genotyping method and has already demonstrated its usefulness for epidemiological investigations, showing the rapid global transmission of infectious diseases [38],[58],[59] (Table 3). WGS was used to compare 86 human M. tuberculosis isolates from a German outbreak and has demonstrated its superiority over other genotyping methods for tracing and investigating micro-epidemics [60],[61]. In 2010, WGS was used to study 63 strains of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) from various countries and enabled reconstruction of intercontinental transmissions over four decades as well as the potential transmission within a hospital environment [38]. WGS was also used to investigate the cholera outbreak in Haiti that occurred in 2010 [58],[59], revealing that Haitian strains were closely related to strains from Nepal. These pioneering studies demonstrated the potential of WGS for retrospective genotyping. The major challenge is to make WGS a genotyping tool during the course of outbreaks, and for this it will be necessary to facilitate access to sequencing platforms.
Detection of virulence factors
In addition to identifying bacteria at various taxonomic levels, WGS offers the opportunity to detect various genetic markers, such as virulence factors or antibiotic resistance-associated genes. Identifying and characterizing the virulence factors of pathogens are crucial for understanding the pathogenesis of the diseases that they cause and for developing dedicated molecular tools to detect specific virulence markers. However, among the currently known virulence markers, only toxins are important for optimizing the management of patients, as these agents are able to cause hospital outbreaks of severe infections with high mortality rates, such as the hypervirulent ribotype O27 Clostridium difficile[62], or because the administration of antibiotics can have a significant impact on the outcome. This is notably the case for S. aureus, in which the secretion of the Panton-Valentine leukocidin is induced by oxacillin or depressed by clindamycin [63],[64], for the Shiga-toxin production in E. coli that is stimulated by β-lactams, sulfonamides and fluoroquinolones [65], and for Rickettsia conorii, in which fluoroquinolones upregulate a toxin-antitoxin module [66]. Therefore, determining the toxinic repertoire of strains of selected bacterial species can be crucial for effective clinical management.
Genomics has played an important role in the identification of virulence factors in bacteria. Three main strategies are used to identify virulence-factor-encoding genes in genomes [67]: first, comparison of genomes from strains or species exhibiting diverse degrees of virulence; second, identification of laterally transferred genomic islands, assuming that virulence genes are often acquired by this mechanism [67]; and, third, running the genome against databases of known virulence markers. The first approach was used in studies between Y. pestis, the causative agent of plague, and the less-virulent but closely related species Y. pseudotuberculosis[10], between a pathogenic strain of E. coli O157:H7 and a non-pathogenic laboratory strain of E. coli K-12 [68],[69], between a highly virulent Staphylococcus epidermidis causing community-acquired endocarditis and commensal strains [70], and between Klebsiella pneumoniae strains [71]. The second strategy enabled the identification of pathogenicity islands in various species [72]-[75], such as E. coli or S. aureus. The third method enabled identification of virulence genes in a variety of species [76]-[87], notably Listeria monocytogenes and M. tuberculosis. All three strategies are complementary but cannot replace functional studies for confirmation of the real role of the identified virulence factors in pathogenesis.
Paradoxically, genomic comparisons have also questioned the paradigm of virulence by gene acquisition. In many genera, genome reduction, rather than acquisition of additional genetic material, can be associated with increased virulence, as many of the most virulent bacterial pathogens have smaller genomes than closely related species [88]. The comparison of rickettsial genomes showed that Rickettsia prowazekii, the agent of epidemic typhus, the deadliest rickettsiosis, had the smallest genome in this genus (Figure 2) [89]. Similar findings were reported for Mycobacterium ulcerans[90]. In addition, the presence of ‘non-virulence’ genes was described as discriminating Shigella dysenteriae from E. coli or Y. pestis from Y. pseudotuberculosis[88]. In Y. pestis, for example, the loss of the rcsA and nghA genes, which encode a repressor of biofilm synthesis and an inhibitor of biofilm formation, respectively, might have contributed to a more efficient flea-borne transmission [91]. Therefore, the pathogenic repertoire of a bacterium should not only take into account the presence or absence of virulence factors but also of ‘non-virulence’ genes.
However, it should be noted that the virulence of a bacterial strain might not systematically be predicted from its genome sequence, in particular when the identified virulence markers are not expressed. Indeed, Priest and colleagues could overcome this limitation by using systems biology to predict virulence in S. aureus[92]. Briefly, these authors not only considered the presence of virulence genes but also took into account the known regulatory networks of these genes.
Detection of antibiotic resistance
Currently, antimicrobial resistance is a major public health concern worldwide, especially as some pathogenic multidrug-resistant bacteria are already resistant to all antibiotics in use in the clinic [93]. Detection of bacterial resistance determinants, and identification of new arrangements of known resistance genes, as well as new putative resistance markers can be achieved with WGS. This might help predict the resistance phenotype, set up enhanced in-hospital infection-control measures, adapt a specific therapy and enable the identification of resistance-causing genes or mutations that could be detected by PCR from clinical isolates or specimens and serve as targets for routine detection tools [94]. The strategies for identifying resistance markers are very similar to those aimed at identifying virulence genes [6]. However, as incomplete data link genotype to phenotype in terms of drug resistance, WGS genomic-based detection is particularly suited for antibiotics for which resistance-associated mutations or genes are known and notably for fastidious bacteria such as M. tuberculosis[95].
Genomic comparisons of phenotypically resistant and susceptible strains has enabled investigation of the resistome - that is, the repertoire of genetic markers associated with antibiotic resistance of multidrug-resistant strains of Enterococcus faecium[11] and S. pneumoniae[96]. Genome sequencing has also enabled identification of resistance mechanisms in fastidious bacteria that express few phenotypic characteristics, as was the case for T. whipplei, the causative agent of Whipple’s disease, that is resistant to fluoroquinolones owing to mutations in the gyrA and parC genes [97], Rickettsia felis, which expresses a β-lactamase activity that was first found in the genome [98], and M. tuberculosis, in which a putative rRNA methyltransferase might explain its resistance to macrolide antibiotic drugs [95].
Several PCR assays used in clinical practice derive from genomic sequences. The recent discovery of the mecC gene - a homolog of the mecA gene encoding methicillin resistance, responsible for false susceptibility testing results - in the genome of a methicillin-resistant S. aureus[99] elicited the design of specific PCR assays [100]. The spread of carbapenemase-producing enterobacteriaceae also prompted the sequencing of genomes from various MDR strains, including an NDM-1-producing E. coli strain [101] and a blaKPC2-producing K. pneumoniae[102], which in turn enabled the development of dedicated PCR assays [103]. Therefore, although many genome-based molecular tests facilitating the management of infections have already been developed to date, there is no doubt that WGS data will be used extensively in future assay design.
Culturing unculturable pathogens
Despite the breakthrough of molecular methods, culture remains the cornerstone of routine microbiology as it provides insight into their ecology and pathogenicity. However, a majority of microorganisms in nature are not cultivable using standard techniques. Many fastidious bacteria grow poorly on commonly used media, and others are considered uncultivable on axenic media, possibly owing to deficient or partial metabolic pathways. Thus, genome sequences might enable identification of incomplete metabolic pathways [104] and the essential nutrients that a bacterium is unable to produce [105], which could then be incorporated into a specifically designed culture medium. T. whipplei, causing Whipple’s disease, was the first ‘unculturable’ human pathogen [106],[107] to benefit from such an in silico design of a culture medium. An axenic culture medium specifically designed to contain the nine amino acids that this bacterium was unable to synthesize enabled its axenic growth [12]. A similar approach was used for Xyllela fastidiosa[108], Leptospirillum ferrodiazotrophum[109] and C. burnetii[110]. Alternatively, genomics might help improve culture media, as was the case for E. coli and M. pneumoniae[111],[112]. However, this strategy might not be efficient for just any bacterium, as was the case for M. leprae. Despite the many important metabolic activities missing in the genome [113] of this bacterium, no specifically complemented axenic medium has enabled any growth to date. However, although it is important to improve culture methods for fastidious microorganisms, the investigation of unusual infections or outbreaks needs rapid and informative methods that may help influence the management of patients and course of the outbreaks. Such progress is now made possible by NGS.
Real-time genomics for the diagnosis of infections or the investigation of outbreaks
The development of NGS bench-top sequencers such as the MiSeq (Illumina) and Ion Torrent Personal Genome Sequencer (PGM; Life Technologies) has made genome sequencing compatible with the routine clinical-microbiology workflow [6]. Such a strategy enables, within a few hours, exhaustive access to the genotype [39], virulence markers and antibiotic-resistance repertoire. Real-time genomics has notably been used to investigate several nosocomial [70],[114] or community-acquired infections [115]-[118] (Table 3). Sherry and colleagues used PGM sequencing of four MDR E. coli strains to confirm that the nosocomial outbreak that had occurred in a neonatal unit in Melbourne, Australia, had been caused by a unique clone and to characterize the resistance genes for this outbreak strain [118]. In Germany, Mellmann and colleagues compared the genomes from two E. coli O104:H4 strains from two hemolytic uremic syndrome outbreaks and concluded that the strains had diverged from a common ancestor and that NGS was suitable for the characterization of a pathogen in the early stages of an outbreak [115]. In both cases, genome sequences were obtained in a few days (five and three days, respectively). These findings demonstrated how rapid and precise genomic sequencing, although limited to a few clinical-microbiology laboratories currently, could transform patient management or improve hospital infection control in routine clinical practice.
Although only a few studies to date have described a turnaround time sufficiently short to enable WGS data to influence the course of outbreaks [119], the increasing number of teams using WGS for epidemiological purposes (Table 3) leaves little doubt as to the likelihood of its systematic use as a first-line tool to track and understand epidemics in the near future.
How will next-generation sequencing change clinical microbiology?
NGS has the potential to change clinical microbiology in several ways. First, the increasing number of genome sequences will enable the development of new and improved pathogen-specific or syndrome-based single or multiplexed RT-PCR assays and will aid the refinement of DNA targets, primers and probes used in existing tests [120]. Second, the increase in speed, decreasing costs and discriminatory power of NGS make it an ideal tool for routine use in diagnostic microbiology laboratories. NGS has the potential to replace several existing tests performed on the same isolate, notably identification of antibiotic-resistance mechanisms, virulence determinants and genotype, in particular for microorganisms that are difficult to grow. As such, it is especially well suited for infection control. In addition, NGS without the need for culture, in particular single-cell sequencing, might be relevant for the routine characterization of unculturable bacteria. Third, NGS has proven its usefulness to decipher complex microbiotas in various metagenomic studies [121]. Recent studies have demonstrated its ability not only to discriminate among microorganisms present in human specimens, and thus possibly detect co-infections, but also uncover unexpected or new pathogens [122]-[124].
However, several challenges remain, the most important being a facilitated and rapid access of clinical microbiology laboratories to sequencing platforms, and a need for standardized and fully automated sequence interpretation that would ideally be independent of both the sequencing platform and the exact species of microorganism [125]-[127]. Also needed is the ability to translate the data into relevant information enabling microbiologists, clinicians and public-health epidemiologists to implement control measures in real-time and alter the course of outbreaks. This implies a constant update and curation of public databases as well as the development of systems-biology-based softwares that will enable prediction of virulence and antibiotic resistance from genome sequences.
Conclusions and perspectives
The expansion of genomics, giving access to the genomes of virtually all human pathogens, has greatly changed our approach regarding management of infectious diseases by shedding light on their genetic diversity, pathogenesis, evolution, detection and treatment. With access to the full genetic content of microorganisms, rational selection of DNA fragments has enabled creation of a wide array of detection and typing methods as well as specialized tools for the identification of genes encoding factors affecting virulence or antibiotic resistance. In addition, NGS methods have reached a point, both in terms of cost and speed, where they might enter the routine microbiology laboratory and be used routinely for the rapid sequencing of microorganisms that exhibit unusual pathogenicity, are antibiotic-resistant or cause outbreaks. However, the major challenge in order to include genome sequencing in the routine workflow of the clinical-microbiology laboratory, in addition to a need for a multiplication of sequencing platforms, is a clear need for improved sequence analysis, both in terms of numbers and data handling of bioinformatic facilities, and storage capacity, as well as homogenized gene-function assignment.
It is likely that NGS, by permitting genome sequencing from single cells or single colonies, will also constitute a major step forward in the comprehension of bacterial genome dynamics [128]. This strategy has the advantage over other sequencing methods in that it is applicable to microorganisms that are unculturable and/or part of complex floras [129],[130]. However, single-cell genomics also currently suffers from several limitations, which include genome amplification biases, chimeric DNA rearrangements and a need for the improved de novo assembly of DNA sequences of previously non-sequenced microorganisms.
Abbreviations
- MLST:
multi-locus sequence typing
- MLVA:
multiple variable number tandem repeat analysis
- MRSA:
methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus
- MST:
multi-spacer typing
- NGS:
next-generation sequencing
- PCR-RFLP:
PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism
- PFGE:
pulsed-field gel electrophoresis
- RFLP:
restriction fragment length polymorphism
- RT-PCR:
real-time polymerase chain reaction
- SNP:
single nucleotide polymorphism
- VNTRs:
variable number of tandem repeats
- WGS:
whole-genome sequencing
References
-.
- 2.
Mullis KB, Faloona FA: Specific synthesis of DNA in vitro via a polymerase-catalyzed chain reaction. Methods Enzymol. 1987, 155: 335-350.
- 3.
Relman DA, Falkow S: Identification of uncultured microorganisms: expanding the spectrum of characterized microbial pathogens. Infect Agents Dis. 1992, 1: 245-253.
- 4. Hamophilus influenzae Rd. Science. 1995, 269: 496-512.
- 5.
Logares R, Haverkamp TH, Kumar S, Lanzen A, Nederbragt AJ, Quince C, Kauserud H: Environmental microbiology through the lens of high-throughput DNA sequencing: synopsis of current platforms and bioinformatics approaches. J Microbiol Methods. 2012, 91: 106-113.
- 6.
Didelot X, Bowden R, Wilson DJ, Peto TE, Crook DW: Transforming clinical microbiology with bacterial genome sequencing. Nat Rev Genet. 2012, 13: 601-612.
- 7.
The Genomes Online Database. [], []
- 8.
Reddington K, O'Grady J, Dorai-Raj S, Niemann S, van SD, Barry T: A novel multiplex real-time PCR for the identification of mycobacteria associated with zoonotic tuberculosis. PLoS One. 2011, 6: e23481-
- 9.: 17837-17842.
- U S A. 2004, 101: 13826-13831.
- 11.: Pyrosequencing-based comparative genome analysis of the nosocomial pathogen Enterococcus faecium and identification of a large transferable pathogenicity island. BMC Genomics. 2010, 11: 239-
- 12.
Renesto P, Crapoulet N, Ogata H, La Scola B, Vestris G, Claverie JM, Raoult D: Genome-based design of a cell-free culture medium for Tropheryma whipplei . Lancet. 2003, 362: 447-449.
- 13.: 818-823.
- 14.
Janda JM, Abbott SL: 16S rRNA gene sequencing for bacterial identification in the diagnostic laboratory: pluses, perils, and pitfalls. J Clin Microbiol. 2007, 45: 2761-2764.
- 15.
Marshall O: Graphical design of primers with PerlPrimer. Methods Mol Biol. 2007, 402: 403-414.
- 16.
Li W, Raoult D, Fournier PE: Bacterial strain typing in the genomic era. FEMS Microbiol Rev. 2009, 33: 892-916.
- 17.
Hung GC, Nagamine K, Li B, Lo SC: Identification of DNA signatures suitable for use in development of real-time PCR assays by whole-genome sequence approaches: use of Streptococcus pyogenes in a pilot study. J Clin Microbiol. 2012, 50: 2770-2773.
- 18.
Pritchard L, Holden NJ, Bielaszewska M, Karch H, Toth IK: Alignment-free design of highly discriminatory diagnostic primer sets for Escherichia coli O104:H4 outbreak strains. PLoS One. 2012, 7: e34498-
- 19.
Bouricha M, Samad MA, Levy PY, Raoult D, Drancourt M: Point-of-care syndrome-based, rapid diagnosis of infections on commercial ships. J Travel Med. 2014, 21: 12-16.
- 20.
Sokhna C, Mediannikov O, Fenollar F, Bassene H, Diatta G, Tall A, Trape JF, Drancourt M, Raoult D: Point-of-care diagnosis of emerging pathogens in rural Senegal. PLoS Negl Trop Dis. 2013, 7: e1999-
- 21.
Gardner SN, Jaing CJ, McLoughlin KS, Slezak TR: A microbial detection array (MDA) for viral and bacterial detection. BMC Genomics. 2010, 11: 668-
- 22.
Nsofor CA: DNA microarrays and their applications in medical microbiology. Biotechnol Mol Biol Rev. 2014, 9: 1-11.
- 23.
Fenollar F, Fournier PE, Robert C, Raoult D: Use of genome-selected repeated sequences increases the sensitivity of PCR detection of Tropheryma whipplei . J Clin Microbiol. 2004, 42: 401-403.
- 24.
Fournier PE, Raoult D: Suicide PCR on skin biopsy specimens for diagnosis of rickettsioses. J Clin Microbiol. 2004, 42: 3428-3434.
- 25.-12803.
- 26.
Wolk DM, Kaleta EJ, Wysocki VH: PCR-electrospray ionization mass spectrometry: the potential to change infectious disease diagnostics in clinical and public health laboratories. J Mol Diagn. 2012, 14: 295-304.
- 27., 370: 2408-2417.
- 28..
- 29.
Yang JY, Brooks S, Meyer JA, Blakesley RR, Zelazny AM, Segre JA, Snitkin ES: Pan-PCR, a computational method for designing bacterium-typing assays based on whole-genome sequence data. J Clin Microbiol. 2013, 51: 752-758.
- 30.
Fournier PE, Drancourt M, Raoult D: Bacterial genome sequencing and its use in infectious diseases. Lancet Infect Dis. 2007, 7: 711-723.
- 31.
Paranthaman K, Haroon S, Latif S, Vinnyey N, de Souza V, Welfare W, Tahir M, Cooke E, Stone K, Lane C, Peters T, Puleston Pathog Dis. 2013, 10: 850-855.
- 32.
Hill V, Zozio T, Sadikalay S, Viegas S, Streit E, Kallenius G, Rastogi N: MLVA based classification of Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex lineages for a robust phylogeographic snapshot of its worldwide molecular diversity. PLoS One. 2012, 7: e41991-
- 33..
- 34.
Pallen MJ, Loman NJ, Penn CW: High-throughput sequencing and clinical microbiology: progress, opportunities and challenges. Curr Opin Microbiol. 2010, 13: 625-631.
- 35..
- 36..
- 37..
- 38..
- 39. U S A. 2010, 107: 4371-4376.
- 40..
- 41.
Bryant PA, Venter D, Robins-Browne R, Curtis N: Chips with everything: DNA microarrays in infectious diseases. Lancet Infect Dis. 2004, 4: 100-111.
- 42.
Sabat AJ, Budimir A, Nashev D, Sá-Leão R, van Dijl Jm, Laurent F, Grundmann H, Friedrich AW: Overview of molecular typing methods for outbreak detection and epidemiological surveillance. Euro Surveill. 2013, 18: 20380-
- 43.
Miller MB, Tang YW: Basic concepts of microarrays and potential applications in clinical microbiology. Clin Microbiol Rev. 2009, 22: 611-633.
- 44.
Geue L, Stieber B, Monecke S, Engelmann I, Gunzer F, Slickers P, Braun SD, Ehricht R: Development of a rapid microarray-based DNA subtyping assay for the alleles of Shiga toxins 1 and 2 of Escherichia coli . J Clin Microbiol. 2014, 52: 2898-2904.
- 45.
Wu L, Thompson DK, Liu X, Fields MW, Bagwell CE, Tiedje JM, Zhou J: Development and evaluation of microarray-based whole-genome hybridization for detection of microorganisms within the context of environmental applications. Environ Sci Technol. 2004, 38: 6775-6782.
- 46..
- 47..
- 48.: 3140-3145.
- 49.
Kang CI, Cha MK, Kim SH, Ko KS, Wi YM, Chung DR, Peck KR, Lee NY, Song JH: Clinical and molecular epidemiology of community-onset bacteremia caused by extended-spectrum beta-lactamase-producing Escherichia coli over a 6-year period. J Korean Med Sci. 2013, 28: 998-1004.
- 50.
Zhang YJ, Chen YS, Wang ZW, Li YQ, Wang DX, Shang Y, Fu RR, Hu YH, Geng R, Wei LP, Yang JP, Li JS, Yu Q, DU J, Gao ZC: Serological and molecular capsular typing, antibiotic susceptibility and multilocus sequence typing of Streptococcus pneumoniae isolates from invasive and non-invasive infections. Chin Med J (Engl). 2013, 126: 2296-2303.
- 51.-1015.
- 52.
Maiden MC, Jansen van Rensburg MJ, Bray JE, Earle SG, Ford SA, Jolley KA, McCarthy ND: MLST revisited: the gene-by-gene approach to bacterial genomics. Nat Rev Microbiol. 2013, 11: 728-736.
- 53.
Jolley KA, Maiden MC: BIGSdb: Scalable analysis of bacterial genome variation at the population level. BMC Bioinformatics. 2010, 11: 595-
- 54.
Drancourt M, Roux V, Dang LV,.
- 55..
- 56.
Fournier PE, Zhu Y, Ogata H, Raoult D: Use of highly variable intergenic spacer sequences for multispacer typing of Rickettsia conorii strains. J Clin Microbiol. 2004, 42: 5757-5766.
- 57.
Zhu Y, Fournier PE, Ogata H, Raoult D: Multispacer typing of Rickettsia prowazekii enabling epidemiological studies of epidemic typhus. J Clin Microbiol. 2005, 43: 4708-4712.
- 58.: e00157-11.
- 59..
- 60.
Roetzer A, Diel R, Kohl TA, Rückert C, Nübel U, Blom J, Wirth T, Jaenicke S, Schuback S, Rüsch-Gerdes S, Supply P, Kalinowski J, Niemann S: Whole genome sequencing versus traditional genotyping for investigation of a Mycobacterium tuberculosis outbreak: a longitudinal molecular epidemiological study. PLoS Med. 2013, 10: e1001387-
- 61..
- 62..
- 63..
- 64.
Casalta JP, Zaratzian C, Hubert S, Thuny F, Gouriet F, Habib G, Grisoli D, Deharo JC, Raoult D: Treatment of Staphylococcus aureus endocarditis with high doses of trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole and clindamycin-Preliminary report. Int J Antimicrob Agents. 2013, 42: 190-191.
-: 1930-1936.
- 66.
Botelho-Nevers E, Edouard S, Leroy Q, Raoult D: Deleterious effect of ciprofloxacin on Rickettsia conorii-infected cells is linked to toxin-antitoxin module up-regulation. J Antimicrob Chemother. 2012, 67: 1677-1682.
- 67.
Karlin S: Detecting anomalous gene clusters and pathogenicity islands in diverse bacterial genomes. Trends Microbiol. 2001, 9: 335-343.
- 68.
Dobrindt U, Hochhut B, Hentschel U, Hacker J: Genomic islands in pathogenic and environmental microorganisms. Nat Rev Microbiol. 2004, 2: 414-424.
- 69..
- 70.
Fournier PE, Gouriet F, Gimenez G, Robert C, Raoult D: Deciphering genomic virulence traits of a Staphylococcus epidermidis strain causing native-valve endocarditis. J Clin Microbiol. 2013, 51: 1617-1621.
- 71.
Lery LM, Frangeul L, Tomas A, Passet V, Almeida AS, Bialek-Davenet S, Barbe V, Bengoechea JA, Sansonetti P, Brisse S, Tournebize R: Comparative analysis of Klebsiella pneumoniae genomes identifies a phospholipase D family protein as a novel virulence factor. BMC Biol. 2014, 12: 41-
- 72..
- 73.: 848-852.
- 74..
- 75..
- 76. U S A. 2004, 101: 8449-8454.
- 77.-
- 78.
Carlson JH, Porcella SF, McClarty G, Caldwell HD: Comparative genomic analysis of Chlamydia trachomatis oculotropic and genitotropic strains. Infect Immun. 2005, 73: 6407-6418.
- 79..
- 80.
Carroll IM, Khan AA, Ahmed N: Revisiting the pestilence of Helicobacter pylori: insights into geographical genomics and pathogen evolution. Infect Genet Evol. 2004, 4: 81-90.
-.
- 82.
Behr MA, Sherman DR: Mycobacterial virulence and specialized secretion: same story, different ending. Nat Med. 2007, 13: 286-287.
- 83.
Smoot JC, Barbian KD, Van Gompel JJ, Smoot LM, Chaussee MS, Sylva GL, Sturdevant DE, Ricklefs SM, Porcella SF, Parkins LD, Beres SB, Campbell DS, Smith TM, Zhang Q, Kapur V, Daly JA, Veasy LG, Musser JM: Genome sequence and comparative microarray analysis of serotype M18 group A Streptococcus strains associated with acute rheumatic fever outbreaks. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2002, 99: 4668-4673.
- 84..
- 85.: 1227-1243.
- 86., et al: Complete genome sequence of Treponema pallidum, the syphilis spirochete. Science. 1998, 281: 375-388.
- 87.
Chain PS, Hu P, Malfatti SA, Radnedge L, Larimer F, Vergez LM, Worsham P, Chu MC, Andersen GL: Complete genome sequence of Yersinia pestis strains Antiqua and Nepal516: evidence of gene reduction in an emerging pathogen. J Bacteriol. 2006, 188: 4453-4463.
- 88.
Merhej V, Georgiades K, Raoult D: Postgenomic analysis of bacterial pathogens repertoire reveals genome reduction rather than virulence factors. Brief Funct Genomics. 2013, 12: 291-304.
- 89.
Fournier PE, El Karkouri K, Leroy Q, Robert C, Giumelli B, Renesto P, Socolovschi C, Parola P, Audic S, Raoult D: Analysis of the Rickettsia africae genome reveals that virulence acquisition in Rickettsia species may be explained by genome reduction. BMC Genomics. 2009, 10: 166-
- 90.
Kaser M, Pluschke G: Differential gene repertoire in Mycobacterium ulcerans identifies candidate genes for patho-adaptation. PLoS Negl Trop Dis. 2008, 2: e353-
- 91.
Sun YC, Hinnebusch BJ, Darby C: Experimental evidence for negative selection in the evolution of a Yersinia pestis pseudogene. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2008, 105: 8097-8101.
- 92.
Priest NK, Rudkin JK, Feil EJ, van den Elsen J.
- 93.
Roca I, Espinal P, Vila-Farres X, Vila J: The Acinetobacter baumannii oxymoron: commensal hospital dweller turned pan-drug-resistant menace. Front Microbiol. 2012, 3: 148-
- 94.
Sundsfjord A, Simonsen GS, Haldorsen BC, Haaheim H, Hjelmevoll SO, Littauer P, Dahl KH: Genetic methods for detection of antimicrobial resistance. APMIS. 2004, 112: 815-837.
- 95..
- 96.-
- 97.
Masselot F, Boulos A, Maurin M, Rolain JM, Raoult D: Molecular evaluation of antibiotic susceptibility: Tropheryma whipplei paradigm. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2003, 47: 1658-1664.
- 98.-
- 99..
- 100.
Paterson GK, Harrison EM, Holmes MA: The emergence of mecC methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus . Trends Microbiol. 2014, 22: 42-47.
- 101.
Poirel L, Bonnin RA, Nordmann P: Analysis of the resistome of a multidrug-resistant NDM-1-producing Escherichia coli strain by high-throughput genome sequencing. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2011, 55: 4224-4229.
- 102.
Liu P, Li P, Jiang X, Bi D, Xie Y, Tai C, Deng Z, Rajakumar K, Ou HY: Complete genome sequence of Klebsiella pneumoniae subsp. pneumoniae HS11286, a multidrug-resistant strain isolated from human sputum. J Bacteriol. 2012, 194: 1841-1842.
- 103.
Diene SM, Rolain JM: Investigation of antibiotic resistance in the genomic era of multidrug-resistant Gram-negative bacilli, especially Enterobacteriaceae, Pseudomonas and Acinetobacter . Expert Rev Anti Infect Ther. 2013, 11: 277-296.
- 104.
Papin JA, Price ND, Wiback SJ, Fell DA, Palsson BO: Metabolic pathways in the post-genome era. Trends Biochem Sci. 2003, 28: 250-258.
- 105.
Tyson GW, Banfield JF: Cultivating the uncultivated: a community genomics perspective. Trends Microbiol. 2005, 13: 411-415.
- 106..
- 107..
- 108.
Lemos EG, Alves LM, Campanharo JC: Genomics-based design of defined growth media for the plant pathogen Xylella fastidiosa . FEMS Microbiol Lett. 2003, 219: 39-45.
- 109..
- 110.
Omsland A, Cockrell DC, Howe D, Fischer ER, Virtaneva K, Sturdevant DE, Porcella SF, Heinzen RA: Host cell-free growth of the Q fever bacterium Coxiella burnetii . Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. 2009, 106: 4430-4434.
- 111.
Edwards JS, Ibarra RU, Palsson BO: In silico predictions of Escherichia coli metabolic capabilities are consistent with experimental data. Nat Biotechnol. 2001, 19: 125-130.
- 112.
Ibarra RU, Edwards JS, Palsson BO: Escherichia coli K-12 undergoes adaptive evolution to achieve in silico predicted optimal growth. Nature. 2002, 420: 186-189.
- 113..
- 114..
- 115., 6: e22751-
- 116.-
- 117.
Fournier PE, Levy PY, Million M, Croce O, Blanc-Tailleur C, Brouqui P, Raoult D: Genome of a chronic osteitis-causing Clostridium tetani . N Microbes N Infect. 2014, 2: 25-26.
- 118.
Sherry NL, Porter JL, Seemann T, Watkins A, Stinear TP, Howden BP: Outbreak investigation using high-throughput genome sequencing within a diagnostic microbiology laboratory. J Clin Microbiol. 2013, 51: 1396-1401.
- 119.
Török ME, Reuter S, Bryant J, Köser CU, Stinchcombe SV, Nazareth B, Ellington MJ, Bentley SD, Smith GP, Parkhill J, Peacock SJ: Rapid whole-genome sequencing for investigation of a suspected tuberculosis outbreak. J Clin Microbiol. 2013, 51: 611-614.
- 120.
Steensels D, Vankeerberghen A, De BH: Towards multitarget testing in molecular microbiology. Int J Microbiol. 2013, 2013: 121057-
- 121.
Cho I, Blaser MJ: The human microbiome: at the interface of health and disease. Nat Rev Genet. 2012, 13: 260-270.
- 122.
Lim YW, Evangelista JS, Schmieder R, Bailey B, Haynes M, Furlan M, Maughan H, Edwards R, Rohwer F, Conrad D: Clinical insights from metagenomic analysis of sputum samples from patients with cystic fibrosis. J Clin Microbiol. 2014, 52: 425-437.
- 123..
- 124.
Hasman H, Saputra D, Sicheritz-Ponten T, Lund O, Svendsen CA, Frimodt-Møller N, Aarestrup FM: Rapid whole-genome sequencing for detection and characterization of microorganisms directly from clinical samples. J Clin Microbiol. 2014, 52: 139-146.
- 125.
Kaas RS, Leekitcharoenphon P, Aarestrup FM, Lund O: Solving the problem of comparing whole bacterial genomes across different sequencing platforms. PLoS One. 2014, 9: e104984-
- 126.-
- 127.
Naccache SN, Federman S, Veeraraghavan N, Zaharia M, Lee D, Samayoa E, Bouquet J, Greninger AL, Luk KC, Enge B, Wadford DA, Messenger SL, Genrich GL, Pellegrino K, Grard G, Leroy E, Schneider BS, Fair JN, Martínez MA, Isa P, Crump JA, DeRisi JL, Sittler T, Hackett J, Miller S, Chiu CY: A cloud-compatible bioinformatics pipeline for ultrarapid pathogen identification from next-generation sequencing of clinical samples. Genome Res. 2014, 24: 1180-1192.
- 128.
Köser CU, Fraser LJ, Ioannou A, Becq J, Ellington MJ, Holden MT, Reuter S, Török ME, Bentley SD, Parkhill J, Gormley NA, Smith GP, Peacock SJ: Rapid single-colony whole-genome sequencing of bacterial pathogens. J Antimicrob Chemother. 2014, 69: 1275-1281.
- 129.
Lasken RS, McLean JS: Recent advances in genomic DNA sequencing of microbial species from single cells. Nat Rev Genet. 2014, 15: 577-584.
- 130.
McLean JS: Advancements toward a systems level understanding of the human oral microbiome. Front Cell Infect Microbiol. 2014, 4: 98-
- 131.
Theofiles AG, Cunningham SA, Chia N, Jeraldo PR, Quest DJ, Mandrekar JN, Patel R: Pertussis outbreak, southeastern Minnesota, 2012. Mayo Clin Proc. 2014, 89: 1378-1388.
- 132.: Diverse sources of C. difficile infection identified on whole-genome sequencing. N Engl J Med. 2013, 369: 1195-1205.
- 133..
- 134..
- 135.: 709-717.
- 136.
Johansson A, Lärkeryd A, Widerström M, Mörtberg S, Myrtännäs K, Ohrman C, Birdsell D, Keim P, Wagner DM, Forsman M, Larsson P: An outbreak of respiratory tularemia caused by diverse clones of Francisella tularensis . Clin Infect Dis. 2014, 59: 1546-1553.
- 137. TE,: 7347-7357.
- 138.
Lévesque S, Plante PL, Mendis N, Cantin P, Marchand G, Charest H, Raymond F, Huot C, Goupil-Sormany I, Desbiens F, Faucher SP, Corbeil J, Tremblay C: Genomic characterization of a large outbreak of Legionella pneumophila serogroup 1 strains in Quebec City, 2012. PLoS One. 2014, 9: e103852-
- 139.
Gilmour MW, Graham M, Van Domselaar G,-
- 140.-1560.
- 141..
- 142..
- 143.
Byrne L, Fisher I, Peters T, Mather A, Thomson N, Rosner B, Bernard H, McKeown P, Cormican M, Cowden J, Aiyedun V, Lane C: A multi-country outbreak of Salmonella Newport gastroenteritis in Europe associated with watermelon from Brazil, confirmed by whole genome sequencing: October 2011 to January 2012. Euro Surveill. 2014, 19: 6-13.
- 144.
den Bakker HC, Allard MW, Bopp D, Brown EW, Fontana J, Iqbal Z, Kinney A, Limberger R, Musser KA, Shudt M, Strain E, Wiedmann M, Wolfgang WJ: Rapid whole-genome sequencing for surveillance of Salmonella enterica serovar enteritidis. Emerg Infect Dis. 2014, 20: 1306-1314.
- 145..
- 146.
Long SW, Beres SB, Olsen RJ, Musser JM: Absence of patient-to-patient intrahospital transmission of Staphylococcus aureus as determined by whole-genome sequencing. MBio. 2014, 5: e01692-14.
- 147.
Rebaudet S, Mengel MA, Koivogui L, Moore S, Mutreja A, Kande Y, Yattara O, Sarr Keita V, Njanpop-Lafourcade BM, Fournier PE, Garnotel E, Keita S, Piarroux R: Deciphering the origin of the 2012 cholera epidemic in Guinea by integrating epidemiological and molecular analyses. PLoS Negl Trop Dis. 2014, 8: e2898-
Additional information
Competing interests
The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
Authors’ original submitted files for images
Below are the links to the authors’ original submitted files for images.
Rights and permissions
About this article
Cite this article
Fournier, PE., Dubourg, G. & Raoult, D. Clinical detection and characterization of bacterial pathogens in the genomics era. Genome Med 6, 114 (2014).
Published:
DOI:
Keywords
- Polymerase Chain Reaction Assay
- Clinical Microbiology
- Multiplex Polymerase Chain Reaction Assay
- Polymerase Chain Reaction Target
- Tropheryma WhippleiLectures, Awards and Events
All Programs
Refine Results
Popular
Program Type
Topic Area
Project Status
Government Entities
- Cancer
- Infectious Diseases
- Neurodegenerative Disorder
- Aging
- Arthritis
- Cardiovascular Disease
- Neurodevelopmental Disorders
- Autoimmune Disorders
- Kidney Disease
- Liver Disease
- Neuroscience
- Osteoporosis
- Atherosclerosis
- Child Health
- Musculoskeletal Disorders
- Vision Health
- Digestive Diseases
- Psychiatry
- Rare Diseases
- Vascular Disease
- Genetics and Genomics x
- Global Health x
- Diabetes x
- Heart Disease x
- Food and Drug Administration
- National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI)
- National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID)
- National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases (NIDDK)
- Fogarty International Center (FIC)
- National Cancer Institute (NCI)
- National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI)
- National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA)
-By
Moinul Hoque was killed on September 23 during a protest when policemen rained bullets on him while he was running with a cane in his hand. The merciless act was caught on camera and a video went viral which also showed a government cameraman stomping on the body of Hoque who lay on the ground numb. The horrific visuals sent shockwaves across far and wide and invited condemnation from opposition and rights groups.
The poor residents of the village were protesting against the demolition of their homes and mosques during an eviction drive by the Assam government.
“Moinul saw police beating the girl. His house was already taken down. He became angry, he took a lathi and tried to chase the police away” -Girl’s cousin. Rest we all know what happened.
Moinul was a HERO,” Advocate Aman Wadud tweeted.
Many others went on to assert that he was a ‘hero’.
Meanwhile, he was also hailed as a Shaheed (Martyr)
“May Allah give strength to Shaheed Moinul Haque sb’s loved one,” AIMIM leader Asaduddin Owaisi said in a tweet.
“Standing alone against the might of the monster state! This is the image of Shaheed Moinul Houqe that we shall remember forever. Salam, Ya Shaheed, Salam!,” activist Sharjeel Usmani tweeted.A brief reading and comment upon a passage from Abraham Joshua Heschel’s, The Sabbath. What does commentary mean to say, that G-d created “menuha” (rest) on the Seventh Day?
note: in the video, I meant to say “25 hour period,” instead of having said “25 day period,” as per denoting the actual time period of Sabbath observance.Michael Ross, the former insurance salesman who killed eight Connecticut women in the 1980s, has pulled the plug on an appeals process that had dragged […]
January 24, 2005
Ah, the South. Sweet tea. NASCAR. Mud. And lots and lots of Republicans. Although Al Gore, a self-proclaimed Southerner, failed to win a single state […]
April 7, 2004
This week, Americans got to watch not one, but two, truly remarkable feats of political oratory. The first was, of course, Howard Dean’s concession speech […]
January 23, 2004
This article has been corrected. You may view this article’s correction here. There’s an old adage that, edited for content, goes like this: “If it […]
December 2, 2003
My favorite Arnold Schwarzenegger line is from “Total Recall.” With fake-wife/Mars government operative Sharon Stone pleading patronizingly for her life — “You wouldn’t kill me, […]
October 7, 2003
Fall is here. At most universities, students usher in the new season with traditional activities: going to football games on brisk October Saturdays, rushing frats […]
October 2, 2002
News flash: our generation has just received a name change. Last week, Newsweek deigned to name us after the worst day of our lives — […]
November 16, 2001KL NEWS NETWORK
SRINAGAR
Muslim Deeni Mahaz (MDM) Thursday condemned the continuous detention of chairperson Dukhtaran-e-Millat Asiya Andrabi and termed it as “worst form of political vengeance”.
In a statement, the MDM spokesperson said, “Asiya Andrabi and her family is being targeted for their religious and political ideology.” “Her husband Dr Muhammad Qasim was also awarded life sentence without any evidence and later his life sentence was interpreted as imprisonment till death thus all the doors of release were closed for him,” the spokesperson said.
“Asiya Andrabi along with her political secretary Sofi Fehmeeda is being detained to often and kept under arrest for long periods,” the spokesperson added. “While Mufti Sayeed is providing chief ministership to his own daughter, the daughters of Muslims are being thrust into jails and thereafter claims of ideological battles are put forward that are nothing but a farce.”
The spokesperson also condemned the arrest spree all over the valley especially Palhallan, Pattan. “Such tactics would not succeed in crushing the sentiments of freedom and Islam.”
He also condemned the continuous detention of Zubair Ahmad at Shopian police station terming it “as a step to intimidate him which won’t succeed”.
He requested the Scholars, Imams and Khateebs to highlight the plight of detainees including Syedah Asiya Andrabi and pray for their steadfastness on Friday prayers.Engraved Waiting on Martha Charcuterie BoardRegular price $110.00
/
"With my first EVER designed product my team & I wanted to put the easy back into entertaining! Simply follow the step by step instructions engraved on the board & you'll have the perfect appetizer board every time!"
Handmade in Texas, we had this beautiful 30 x 10 maple wood board fired in the kiln until it reaches a deep walnut brown coloring then we finish it off with butcher block conditioner so you could lay everything down directly on the board to enjoy, then simply wash it away at the end of the night. And this thermal ash board is as beautiful as it is functional, it's even hand stamped with our custom Waiting On Martha font.
Give this gift to yourself, or to the host you love the most!" xo, Mandy & Team
The engraving is easily covered up once the board is completed, and we give plenty of suggestions & definitions to help you!
Engraving from left to right:
olives, vehicles (with suggestions for different crackers & breads), stinky cheese (with a listing of some of our favorite stinky cheeses), honey, sliced fruits (with suggestions of different fruits), salami with the definition of salami, seasonal (with some ideas for seasonal foods), hard cheese (with a listing of some of our favorite hard cheeses), jam, (with suggestions for different crackers & breads), soft cheese (with a listing of some of our favorite soft cheeses), nuts, prosciutto with the definition of prosciutto.
- Size 30x10
- Handmade in Texas
Upon receiving your board please wipe the board down with a damp rag. Because this board is fired numerous times in a kilm some of the ash is left on the board. This ash is completely non-toxic and 100% safe so not to worry. We simply don't want any of the residue coming off on your surfaces.
**Cheese & all accessories shown sold separately**Why more and more young women are choosing to live alone
Lizzie Porter is a woman living alone, and yet she doesn't fall into the 35-and-single-and-successful category of females who typically do so. There's no cat for starters...
Turning the key in the lock, I fall through the door to my flat, weighed down with Sainsbury’s bags. I dump the plastic carriers by the fridge and go to switch on Radio 4. I’m home, alone, and my God the calm is glorious.
There is no cat as a child replacement, no basil plant as an object to nurture. I am a woman living alone, and yet I do not fall into the 35-and-single-and-successful category of females who do so. I am 22.
Upon moving to London last month, I took the not insignificant financial decision to find a place by myself. I had lived under other people’s feet for too long: with bourgeois Parisians; in Belgium, as an au pair, with four girls to look after; in my crazy family home, littered with cat toys and exploding poufs. While every one else is piling into flat-shares in Clapham and Hackney, I have my own tiny, slightly ramshackle little place, with a noisy oven and a hole cut for the fridge in the wardrobe. But it is mine.
In 1996, there were 3.9 million females living alone, a figure that rose to 4.1 million by 2012. According to the Office for National Statistics, there are expected to be a further two million single occupancy households (both sexes) by 2020.
It is so liberating to hear women, such as Hannah Betts, write about living alone in one’s 30s and 40s, when the social norm is of 1.9 children, a husband and a dog. But the expectation is still that people of my age absolutely must want to live with others, as if youth necessarily equals a desire, which recedes with age, to want to share one’s whole life with friends.
When I say I have recently moved to London, people automatically assume I share, and are surprised to hear I have my own place. I recognise that the finances are what make lots of young people reticent about living alone. Like I say, it was not an inconsiderable financial decision, and I have made sacrifices. I walk to work to save on tube fares, make a packed lunch every day, rarely drink (alcohol ratchets up costs, especially in London) and collect Tesco coupons avidly. Living by oneself is expensive.
But maybe it is just better at any (adult) age. Living alone does not mean you are an unfriendly, miserable git. It means you respect your own and others’ space, enjoy freedom, and, if you are anything like me, enjoy being able to spray newspapers all over the floor on a Sunday morning without anyone tutting. One quick Google search brings up dozens of results on living alone, many arguing that those who do so are happy and healthier than those who cohabit. On a prosaic level, I wager that the lack of irritating arguments about who has done the washing up/not taken out the bins when one lives alone could easily be a significant factor in that.
A 2012 study led by a psychologist at San Diego State University, and published by the American Psychological Association, reported that Americans born in the 80s and 90s are more self-centred than the baby-boomers who came before them. If the same is true in the UK, my living alone might be a sign of that “selfish” generation.
But it’s a criticism I’m willing to take. I live alone because it means I can do exactly what I want, when I want. I can wander around in my underpants if I like. I can work late without disturbance if I have a deadline. I do not spend a jot of time in front of some new waste-of-time TV series, the watching of which seems to have become the latest must-do social activity. I’ll spare myself that, thanks, and meet my friends in a tea shop, bar, or other place we can really sit to catch up, without “agonising” together over cake baking or Nordic detectives in cool sweaters.
Do I feel lonely? Sometimes. But it’s not only being alone that makes someone lonely; many people live with others, and still feel trapped by feelings of solitude. In any case, there are plenty of distractions: the toppling pile of magazines by my bed; the cleaning I must do, because there is no one else to do it; the fish I can cook without worrying about making someone else’s kitchen smell.
There is no one to look out for you, people say. True. But when I am sick, I would hardly expect a working friend to take a day off to look after me, meaning there would be little benefit to cohabitation. It’s true that part of the financial impact has been choosing a location where I can walk home without needing to be accompanied, but I’ve factored that in.
There will still be those who think oneness is tragic, and that ‘selfish’ or ‘bolshy’ women living alone will one day realise the error of their ways and begin craving a household of children and people who “just pop round for tea”. So be it: I’ll continue as I am, thanks, enjoying my life, my friends, and my own flat.
Lizzie Porter works as a freelance news and features journalist. Follow her on Twitter.HAITI in my heart
Memories of an incredible journey and wonderful people. Exactly 6 years ago the devastating earthquake of Haiti happened. Today I think of all my haitian friends that I met in 2010 and of all those, that suffer today. May 2016 be a year with lots of beautiful and prosperous moments for you and your dear ones. HAITI under my skin see 2min video: [mehr | more...]Rhubarb and Custard
103 Pins
1y
Collection by
Lucy Boden
Elephant Pothanger Decoration By Ella James
Gorgeous brown resin elephant pothanger perfect for adding a touch of style to your pots , vases and candlesAdd a contemporary touch to your home with this on trend elephant decoration. It looks particularly good as seen here on pots or containers with succulents and green house plants faux or real . It will also make a fun gift with or without a plant pot for a man or woman this spring. AVAILABLE TO PRE-ORDER FOR LATE FEB DELIVERYpolyresinH 70mm x 50mmIf you are reading this right now, I am most probably somewhere slightly down south right now for yet another trip (not nearly south enough to be in hell even though many people think I deserve that) so I won't be able to respond to your comments or emails for a few days. So please don't be offended or terkilan that when you do not get a reply from me. I just happen to be away a lot these days.
Okay that aside, recently there was a terror in the house and it seems to be above its evolutionary standards. Its faster, smarter and more dangerous than any of us expected.
Read on to find out what it is.
Okay, I'm actually not terrified of cockroaches seriously. I just don't like having to deal with them in small enclosed spaces.
They move too fast sometimes and the speed they exhibit is abnormally demonic.
And they survived since the dinosaur ages.
That just proves that sometimes God just wanna f*** with us.
Have a great weekend guys! I will be back on Monday!
cockroach behind jamus ..
ever heard of Mortein?
terkilan?
haha, I like that
nway, I despise cockroach esp in the toilet
cockraches are damn ninjas i tell you!! the was once i look away for a sec to smash it and the nest moment it flew to my sleeping roommate's crotch area briefly and flew by his face awhile before flying out...i didn't tell him about it..
hahahaha.. "you more pro ma! faster la!" it works all the time! well, that's pretty much exaggerated.. it works most of the time! =P
spray febreeze or soap water on them...they'll die instantly but painfully
(okay was lying on painful part)
wahh~~ I encountered one yesterday night loh it was crawling very high up the sliding door. Don't dare to slam it takut it can fly.. I don't like cockroaches T___T
I wanna know what happen after that.. Dun leave us hanging there..
Pro is a word of temptation.. ^_^.v.. But I never care for cockroach.. leave em,and they'll pass by.. Work each time.. Unless it crawl on me,then,fuckin smash in on the way.. ^_^.v..
I never smash them. I hate when all of it's inside come out and those white-ish liquid from their body spread all over. Plus, after smashed, it's damn smelly!
So, for me n my sis, ridsect is always nearby. hahaha~
p/s: hate it the most when they fly!
prefer super boiling hot water because less mess but only usable if it's on the toilet wall/floor
ridsect if it's on the celling or out the the toilet.
hahaha so funny!
KILL IT WITH FIRE!!!!!!!!!!!!! I only will hate it if it fly close to me. Other than that, i can't be bothered. So lazy... zzzzz....
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I hate hate hate hate HATE cockroaches! GOSH, they're just one of life's mysteries--why do they exist? >.< UGH. I hate them especially much when they FLY. Oh gosh, I'll scream my head off!
same here. aku pun xsuka roaches. ada peristiwa masa kecik2 dulu.
Ish, must be coz of y'all all pengotor lah that's why got cockroach. :P
lol... friggin coool!!! XD I'd like to see that!
Wah the cockroach can use Shunshin no Jutsu. The mosquitoes around my house can use that to. Clap like hell but never kena.
me, im juz terrify as hell when it comes to cockroach..if i try to smack it with a broom or something, i will end up jumping here n there even the thing juz lying died oredi..
i even get to be 'spiderman' when that thing juz show up in the toilet while i was doing the 'big' thing..hmm juz use your imagination how the scene looks like..soo not pleasant, i tell ya!
Hey, nice blog... Can i know how much do u charge to have the cartoon drawn?
Ridsect is ur friend.....use it like a gun....hahahaha.....
roaches can be a pain in the ass in catching or smashing them.....that's why i use ridsect and shoot it like there's no tomorrow....of course open windows after that or suffocate from the Ridsect stink.....
ahahahahaha I used to play with cockroaches when I was younger!!!! Didn't know they were supposed to be scary but my bro was damn near terrified xDD Hate it when they fly though.....hahahah watched too many jeeper creepers in those days.
So did you kill it?
@murnie: yes! it was behind him! i didnt even realise it got there so fast!!
@VELARian: i dont really like to use bug sprays in the house la.. it really stinks the place up. esp not in the toilet!
@una: haha terkejut tak? i know that word: terkilan! toilet cockroaches is a horrible thing!
@eric: lol! it flew to his crotch area???!! you shud have taken that opp to smack it! at least you will have a good reason!
@jeffro: you use that excuse too? HIGH FIVE!!!
@kingsyahmi: soap water actually works?! it cant be that easy la i think but will try on my next encounter!
@agnes: nobody likes them. but they are always around T.T
@lala: you might just find out in the next part :P
@aki: you sound like a creepy silent killer saying that. lol jk pls dont kill me
@nana: but they are already smelly to begin with!!
@sinner: but by the time water boil the cockroach will disappear! i prefer knowing its dead than leaving it be
@sumbuddy: you got a flamethrower? can i borrow?
@liz: i think everyone freaks out when they fly. lets hope the day dont come when all cockroaches do that simultaneously
@vin tsen: nono!!! its not me!! its that shamus pengotor! but the toilet very clean le...
@pouleen: a cockroach on your back? trust me its a weird sight to behold.
@lee: thats why i said their speed is abnormally demonic!!
@che sue: walao! cockroach appear while you doing big business??? thats horrible! you cant move and it comes closer to you!!! scream wei
@its me: thanks! interested in a cartoon? just drop me an email and we can work something out! my email is in the 'contact me' tab
@galisin88: but the stink still stays for abit and i hate the smell. dont like use ridsect
@punk: are you freaking serious?? you play with roaches? you have balls the size of basketballs i can tell you that haha
Wow!I hope I will never have a cockroach behind my back while trying to kill them! O.O
my friends always use the same line! and I always need to be the "hitter" cz they will remain on the chair/bed until it's dead. And when I said "where is it?", they just scream. lol
Dude, I'm not scared of cockroaches. Not even a tiny bit. But it's the other way when they start flying. When that happens, my female voice would come out... wakakaa.
Damn this insect. They are such... such... cocks! Wait, what a coincidence.
:D
Happy Saturday, dude.
lighter+aerosol=instant flamethrower ftw!
disclaimer: any unintended explosion must not be held liable on the suggester heretofore.
I suddenly remember i once smacked a cockroach dead on my friend's head.. Her hair stinks for a week.. LOLOL!
@syun: i know right?! it will be such a horrible surprise!!
@maylin: HAHAHA!! what a way to troll your friends. next time i get you to smack roaches can?
@armstrong: lol yes. the flying ones are the biggest cocks!!!
@sumbuddy: bro, i dont want to set my house on fire you know... =3=
@lala: using ur bare hands???? EWWW!!! your hand must have stanked too!
owh my...tis is the reason y i hate cockroach so much! grrr... geli!
Lol.. Of cos not.. We were schooling then.. Of cos i used the textbook i dislike most.. Muahahahaha.. My friend refused to talk to me as long as her hair stinks..
they never die! i always think i killed one, then i see it crawling somewhere else!
@chirpy: cos they move too fast? i feel you!!
@lala: i tot u were so hardcore using ur bare hands. u are less hardcore now. lol
@exterminator charlotte: i know rite?!!! dam things keep getting up! you really had to smash them to ensure they die!
geli! geli! geli! yekkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Lmao.. I also scared la.. Hardcore is joining fear factor n eating them..A Natural Gem
Cherry Blossom Blue Zircon and Diamond Leaf Ring
- Regular price
- $950.00 USD
- Regular price
- Sale price
- $950.00 USD
- Unit price
- per
Cherry blossom blue zircon and diamond ring in 14KT yellow, white, and rose gold. Features approximately 0.13 ctw of round cut blue zircon and 0.03 ctw of round brilliant cut diamonds.
Gemstone Specifications:
Natural Blue Zircon,<<Brand: Lamy
Type: Fountain Pen
Nib: Extra Fine
Model: AL-Star
Condition: New old stock
Material: Aluminum
Vintage: Yes
Made In Germany
Every product is unique, just like you. If you're looking for a product that fits the mold of your life, the Lamy AL Star 2016 Special Edition Charged Green Fountain Pen Fine Nib is for you.
Inventory Last Updated: Nov 27, 2021
Inventory Last Updated: Nov 27, 2021Crocodile Wood Double Flared Ear Gauge Plugs
- Set of 2 ear Wood Gauge Plugs
- All Natural Wood
- Can hold spiritual properties for some people
- Natural woods can reduce skin rejection and infections dramatically
- Easy to clean and oil
- Note: Use only all-natural oils for cleaning and finish
We Also Recommend
Sold Out
Blackline Iron Cross Solid Steel No Flare Ear Gauge Tunnel Plugs
Regular price $20.00 $20.00Trinity Life Sciences Formalizes Full Offering of Commercialization Services for Medical Technology Companies With New Center of Excellence
Inflection Point in the MedTech Industry as Companies Pivot from Sales Force-focused to Data-driven
Webinar entitled "MedTech in the Post-COVID World: Where Do We Go from Here" Scheduled for October 28
WALTHAM, Mass., October 25, 2021--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Trinity Life Sciences, a leader in global life sciences commercialization solutions, introduces a full offering of commercialization services for medical technology (MedTech) companies with the launch of their new MedTech Center of Excellence. Trinity has a been working with MedTech companies since its inception more than 25 years ago, but this new Center of Excellence formalizes its offerings to this sector of the life sciences industry.
"Medical technology companies are at an inflection point in the market right now. COVID has forced them to pivot away from just being face-to-face sales driven and embrace data and other forms of engagement with customers," said Kevin Stockton, Managing Director and Leader, MedTech Center of Excellence, Trinity Life Sciences. "Our job will be helping manufacturers move from a features-and-benefit play to one of outlining economic value – better outcomes and better experiences for patients. MedTech organizations that can do that will be the most successful in a post-COVID environment."
Trinity offers MedTech companies services across the commercial spectrum including:
Early commercialization
Opportunity assessment
Business development work/mergers & acquisitions
Marketing strategy
Sales force strategy
Trinity is hosting a webinar on October 28 at 1 p.m. ET entitled MedTech in the Post-COVID World: Where Do We Go from Here that will be presented by Mr. Stockton and Paul O’Mahoney, MD, with special guest Adrienne Lovink, Managing Director, Real World Evidence at Trinity. Topics include:
What happened before, during and after COVID in the MedTech industry?
How did best practice companies/brands address challenges?
What are the best practice companies/brands doing to address the "new normal" post-COVID?
Media interested in attending the webinarCulture Bryan Adams tests positive for Covid-19 for the second time in one month: ‘Off to the hospital’ 26 November 2021 admin Adams, Bryan, Covid19, hospital, month, positive, Tests, Time Bryan Adams has tested positive for Covid-19 twice in a month. The 62-year-old singer, who is currently in Milan, revealed Read moreWhen can I introduce salt and sugar to my baby?.
Why should babies not be given salt and sugar?
Reasons to limit the amount of salt your baby eats
A baby’s kidneys are still immature, and they aren’t able to filter out excess salt as efficiently as adult kidneys. As a result, a diet that’s too rich in salt may damage a baby’s kidneys.
Can you give sugar to babies?)..
Can we add sugar in baby milk?
Mixing and feeding fresh cow’s milk: ✽ Add sugar to the milk and water mixture. Measure the sugar using a special spoon that you have tested the size of. The number of spoons of sugar that you need depends on the age of the child and how much cow’s milk you are preparing at one time.
Which sugar is best for babies?
Try these healthy natural sugar substitutes for your child
- Raw, organic sugar like coconut and stevia. …
- Maple syrup and honey for kids. …
- Pureed or mashed organic fruit. …
- Raisin syrup. …
- Molasses instead of brown sugar.
Can I give jaggery to my 7 month.
How can I make my baby tasty without salt?
Use Foods that Are Naturally ‘Salty’!
Why should babies not have sugar?
Eating foods that are high in sugar throughout childhood can lead to preventable diseases, such as heart disease, obesity and high blood pressure. That’s why the American Heart Association made the recommendation to avoid added sugar before age 2.
How much sugar can I give my baby?
That’s why the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends that children under 2 years of age don’t consume any added sugar at all. And kids 2 and older should have no more than 25 grams (or 6 teaspoons) of added sugar daily...jpg)
Garuza does not appreciate Carantula playing a recap of the last episode. But Carantula points out that Garuza has only gotten stronger thanks to his anger. Yodonna walks in with Numajo’s mask which she had picked up after Oradin defeated her. Yodonna says she is going to use it to have fun with the Kiramagers and suggests Garuza find his own fun as well.
Meanwhile, Juuru watches his cool older bros Shiguru and Tametomo showing how good they are at billiards. They suggest Juuru give it a try and teach him a trick shot which he ends up successfully executing. Shiguru and Tametomo acknowledge Juuru’s skill, but Juuru says he’s definitely not as cool as they are.
Muryou alerts them and the Kiramagers meet up in the garage where they are met by Yodonna. She remembers what Tametomo told her about how great it is to have friends. So she decides to make him suffer today.
.jpg)
Juuru notices Yodonna holding Numajo’s face. Yodonna holds it up and shoots something toward Tametomo, only to have Shiguru shield him from it and taking the hit himself.
.jpg)
Yodonna explains that she just shot a poison that will kill a human in a few hours. And to save him, they must play a game with her: destroy Numajo’s face.
Tametomo, Juuru and Sena henshin and take on Yodonna while Sayo tends to Shiguru who refuses to go back to the coconut tree. Muryou calls to say that Smog Jouki has appeared in the city.
.jpg)
The distraction allows Yodonna to escape. But Shiguru henshins and chases after her. Tametomo follows. Juuru tells Sena and Sayo to take care of Garuza.
Takamichi hops into Gigant Driller and arrives first to take on Garuza. But Garuza tests out his increased Jamental. The ladies arrive in Express and Zabyun. But before they can combine into King Express, Garuza slams into them and gains control of Mashin Express. He instead initiates a gattai with Smog Jouki to form Jaaku King Express.
.jpg)
Sena is unable to control Mashin Express at all. Zabyun tries to help regain Express, but Garuza slams him and Sayo down to the ground.
Meanwhile, Tametomo, Shiguru and Juuru are battling Yodonna. Tametomo is able to get a clear shot at Numajo’s face. But Yodonna says the poison will only disappear if the infected person is the one that destroys the mask.
An angry Tametomo says he is the one Yodonna has beef with, so he should’ve been the one poisoned. But Yodonna said he always intended to attack his friends. That would maximize Tametomo’s suffering since she knew Shiguru would take the hit for him. And without one of Tametomo’s friends, they possibly can’t win.
.jpg)
Shiguru tries to use his signature strike at Yodonna, but he is too weak. Yodonna runs off, but Tametomo and Juuru are able to corner her on the rooftop. Shiguru hops onto Jetter so he can attack from above. But the poison affects him once again and he falls on Tametomo instead.
Garuza delivers finishing blows at Takamichi. Shiguru tells Juuru to leave Yodonna to him and Tametomo. Juuru calls goes Kiraful and calls Oradin to come help out.
Juuru hops into Grateful Phoenix and they continue the battle with Garuza. But Garuza is really much too powerful.
.jpg)
Shiguru is forced to dehenshin, growing weaker and weaker. Yodonna whips Tametomo out of his henshin as well and he runs to get himself and Shiguru to safety.
Tametomo tells Shiguru to just sit and rest. Shiguru says he’s fine, but Tametomo says he’s lying. Shiguru tells Tametomo to stop feeling guilty about this. Tametomo not being cool, calm and collected is clouding his judgment.
.jpg)
The cool bros tell each other to stop worrying about the other. And now as they have calmed down, they come up with a plan that might work.
.jpg)
Yodonna has been sitting and waiting for a while when the cool bros finally come hobbling out from behind the truck. She summons Bechats. But Shiguru and Tametomo are ready. They henshin and charge forward.
Shiguru is knocked down by the Bechats. Yodonna laughs that he is almost dead. But Tametomo shakes off some Bechats and shoots a disk at Shiguru’s sword allowing it to bounce off and directly zoom toward Numajo’s face.
Numajo’s face shatters and the poison leaves Shiguru’s body. They were able to use the shot they taught Juuru earlier to their advantage here.
The cool bros battle Yodonna and they are able to knock her down. They deliver a Checkmage and she is engulfed by explosions.
.jpg)
A defeated Yodonna falls to her knees. But her eyes light up red. She gets up on her feet, curses humans and a huge mass of darkness emerges around her.
.jpg)
Garuza is just about ready to finish off his brother. But he is shocked by a sudden message from an ominous voice. Juuru also hears it. The voice orders Garuza to rescue Yodonna.
.jpg)
Garuza drops everything (including Mashin Express) and speeds off to whisk Yodonna into the train and to safety.
Over at the coconut tree, the others compliment Shiguru and Tametomo’s feelings and support for each other.
.jpg)
But they also notice Juuru has been frantically drawing. They go over and he explains that he saw this horrifying image earlier when he heard the voice.
.jpg)
Episode Thoughts
Well that has to be the most bromantic episode of a toku series I’ve ever seen! (Outside of Kamen Rider Build and OOO of course lol)
The Shiguru-Tametomo bromance kind of came out of nowhere, but I appreciate the episode for what it was. It plays well with the idea of the Kiramagers having a close bond. They are friends and teammates. And they know they always have each other’s backs. It also works since both Shiguru and Tametomo are celebrities. So the cool guy aspect, especially as both are like older brothers to Juuru, worked well within the dynamics we know of the characters and in the show.
At the same time though, I almost feel like this is a Yodonna-focus. She was definitely the star of the episode alongside the ShiguTomo/TameGuru bromance. I gasped out loud when Yodonna… I don’t even know what happened to her. She cried out in agony? She blew up? She overflowed with darkness? She was driven to despair? What was going on there?
Whatever it was, it was shocking and surprising. I really love how they’ve used
Yodonna since her debut. She’s very much involved and she has no problem engaging with the Kiramagers. Plus she’s fun and sassy. And of course, badass. That’s the kind of villain you want to see.
Very interesting that she seems to be VERY important to the Emperor considering he ordered Garuza to rescue her. And also the fact that Garuza dropped everything to do so.
I also enjoyed calling back to Yodonna’s debut and her relationship with Tametomo. When you can draw upon moments and episodes like that, especially character interactions, in a natural way, you’re running a tight ship with the writing.
I was surprised though that Numajo is dead. I guess during that episode, so much was going on I didn’t realize that she blew up. But I’m kinda sad because Numajo was amazing and I’d love to see her pop up again and battle the Kiramagers.
Also, I love the scoring this season. The music during the episodes is so good. This episode had that ominous piano score playing when Yodonna was battling the Kiramagers in the garage. Really sets the tone.
Next week looks to be a Mabushina-focus! Yessir! The future Queen deserves it.
Overall, this episode was fun and exciting. This is kind of the episode that works after they’ve built up a connection and strong foundation to the characters and the world building. (Other shows take note 😉 hehe)
2 thoughts on “Recap: Mashin Sentai Kiramager, Episode 34 – Blue and Yellow Passion”
Yeah, things have really picked up since Garza came back. The villains are definitely keeping the Kiramagers on their toes.
And that drawing by Juuru of the Emperor? How terrifying!
Can’t wait to see the Emperor in the “flesh” heheCardinal Woods Skilled Nursing & Rehab Center
6831 Chapel Road, Madison OH 44057 · (440) 428-5103 · 83.08% estimated occupancy 1Updated: Aug 1, 2020 · By Sara Levinsohn
Cardinal Woods Skilled Nursing & Rehab Center is a senior living facility located in Madison, Ohio, a city with 19,961 people. Our scoring scheme was not very kind to this nursing home, as it received an overall grade of F. If you are not happy with this facility's poor overall grade, you may find your options to be limited in Madison. The city has just one other nursing home. We wouldn't blame you if you're ready to stop reading and find another nursing home. However, if you want to learn more about this nursing home's category grades, inspection grades are discussed in the next section.
Additional Details:
Accepts Medicare 1 :
Accepts Medicaid 1 : 120, substantiated complaints and federal fines. You can find more information about each of these items by reviewing copies of nursing homes' inspection reports. Although this facility had a few deficiencies on its report, none were serious based on CMS' scale. A few minor deficiencies aren't the end of the world.
Long-term Care Quality
We gave this nursing home just a D for our long-term care rating and that actually turned out to be its second highest score. In a long-term care environment, the nursing home's primary goal is to maintain residents' quality of life and keep them safe. After considering the amount of care provided by nurses, we then looked at the nursing home's vaccination record. We were pleased to learn that this facility vaccinates 100 percent of its patients against pneumonia. We were far less impressed with the nursing home's hospitalization rate. We found that this nursing home had 3.48 hospitalizations per 1,000 long-term resident days, which is more than double the national average. This is definitely an alarming figure.
Short-term Care Quality
Another issue was the F this nursing home was given in the area of short-term care. In determining these short-term care scores, we quantify the facility's skilled nursing services, including those performed by registered nurses, occupational therapists, physical therapists and other types of therapists. The purpose is to formulate a tool for sizing up the rehabilitation services of various facilities. Considering its grade in this area, we weren't stunned to learn that this facility was well below average in terms of its number of registered nurse and physical therapy hours provided to its residents based on the metrics we looked at. Honestly, this was about what we expected here. The last statistic we considered in this area is the number of patients who were able to leave the facility and return to the community. We discovered that just 39.6 percent of this facility's patients were able to return home, which is well below average. The combination of these poor statistics was damning for this facility's short-term care grade.
Nurse Quality
The next category we analyzed is nursing. This nursing home was given a bottom of the barrel grade of F in that category. In determining our nursing scores, we assess both nursing hours and the levels of licensure of those nurses. This nursing home provided only 3.3 hours of nursing care per patient on a daily basis. In addition to ranking below average in nursing hours per resident, this facility also had poor scores in the quality-based measures we looked at in computing our nursing scores. We looked at the percent of residents experiencing major falls and pressure ulcers. This place was at approximately 150 percent of the national average in both of these statistics. This is a bad sign when you consider that many bed sores and falls are preventable with better nursing care. These statistics pulled down this facility's nursing rating significantly.
Overall Rating Over Time
Compared to national and state averages across all facilities.
Cardinal Woods Skilled Nursing & Rehab CenterExactly How Can a New York City Injury Attorney Help You?
A personal injury attorney is a certified legal representative that offers legal services to individuals that assert to have actually just recently been hurt, either physically or psychologically, because of the carelessness of an additional individual, establishment, business, federal government firm or some entity outside their control. Personal injury lawyers primarily practice in the area of civil law referred to as tort legislation. Tort legislation is the body of legislation that permits individuals to be held accountable for the damages they create another person, consisting of clinical as well as emotional damage. Accidents can result from a range of sources, such as automobile crashes, slip and drops, clinical malpractice, carelessness for companies making items, and assault and battery. In some cases, victims of these injuries may get payment based on an out-of-court settlement or test. However, in various other cases, targets may seek lawsuits in order to hold the accountable event or events liable for the resulting injuries. As tort law has actually expanded in relevance for many years, it has actually likewise become more difficult and requiring to work with an accident attorney to manage instances entailing these kinds of injuries. As a result of this, many individuals that experience injuries pertaining to these sorts of cases rely on their family and friends for aid in employing a certified injury attorney to manage their case. Among one of the most typical sources of personal injury instances is injuries triggered by items. This might consist of products made by suppliers that are aware of the potential threat of defective items, fall short to warn customers about the risks of these products, fail to correctly check these items, or otherwise fall short to conduct adequate tests prior to offering them on the market. If you have actually lately sustained an injury as the outcome of utilizing a malfunctioning product, you might have the ability to go after a situation against the maker firm under the semblance of a Product Liability Legal Action. In this instance, your injury lawyer will likely suggest you to speak to a skilled medical negligence attorney for additional guidance on seeking your case. One more source of injury instances is mishaps that happen at work. It is well-known that many individuals that suffer significant office injuries are incapable to return to work. Because of this, your personal injury lawyer might be called upon to safeguard compensation for your pain as well as suffering. The pain as well as suffering could include medical expenditures, loss of income, loss of job time, pain and also suffering in the type of therapy, and substantial problems. Workplace mishaps often stem from the neglect of a private manager, manager, or various other individual in a placement of authority. Many people who suffer office crashes seek to push costs versus the liable event or celebrations. In doing so, you might be able to acquire monetary problems in addition to potentially a settlement from the responsible celebration. Before you decide to press charges against one more individual, you must obtain a point of view from your personal injury legal representative. Your personal injury lawyer will establish if there is likely to be a legitimate case and will also figure out if you have a solid instance. If the responsible party shows its virtue, you may be granted a settlement in court. Insurer make it their business to try to resolve disagreements with their clients as swiftly as possible. To encourage this procedure, several insurer supply money negotiations for certain sorts of cases. For instance, numerous insurance companies offer up to seventy-five percent of an agreed negotiation to people who want to go down an injury legal action. An injury lawyer will be sure to find out if your insurance provider has such a program, and also will aid you if you ought to be used a negotiation.
What I Can Teach You Aboutwatch 02:07
Spider-Man: No Way Home Trailer Dropped - The Loop
Do you like this video?
Play Sound
Name
Richard Stuart Linklater
Birthplace
Houston, Texas, United States
Birth date
July 30, 1960
Occupation
Filmmaker
Actor
Actor
Active Years
1985-present
Richard Stuart Linklater (born July 30, 1960) is an American filmmaker and actor.
Filmography
- It's Impossible to Learn to Plow by Reading Books (1988)
- Slacker (1990)
- Dazed and Confused (1993)
- Before Sunrise (1995)
- The Underneath (1995)
- Beavis and Butt-Head Do America (1996)
- SubUrbia (1996)
- The Newton Boys (1998)
- Scotch and Milk (1998)
- Spy Kids (2001)
- Chelsea Walls (2001)
- Waking Life (2001)
- Tape (2001)
- School of Rock (2003)
- Before Sunset (2004)
- Bad News Bears (2005)
- Fast Food Nation (2006)
- The Hottest State (2006)
- A Scanner Darkly (2006)
- Me and Orson Welles (2008)
- RSO (Registered Sex Offender) (2008)
- Bernie (2011)
- Before Midnight (2013)
- Boyhood (2014)
- I Dream Too Much (2015)
- Everybody Wants Some!! (2016)
- Last Flag Flying (2017)
- Blaze (2018)
- Where'd You Go, Bernadette (2019) an important part of the judicial process? If you have, consider employed as an operation server.
Process servers are typically working in the delivery of various legal documents to defendants or clients mentioned in the court proceedings. The delivery of such documents has to be consistent with federal and state legal guidelines.
To be effective being a process server, you should satisfy local state requirements, if any, complete the essential training, be ready to work odd hours and take care of angry or distraught recipients once in a while. Fortunately, when you are ready to make the commitment found it necessary to make the business successful, you can be expect to be rewarded using more than merely a handsome salary.
However, before you start dreaming in regards to the daily life of being a process server, you will need to start somewhere. Keep reading below for more information on how to develop into a process server and building your personal successful business.
As above mentioned, process servers normally deliver legal documents to parties mentioned in court proceedings. These documents include, however are not confined to, summonses, subpoenas, writs and complaints, and others.
Simply put, as a process server your task can be to get jobs, research recipients, locate them, deliver legal documents and file the required paperwork demonstrating evidence of delivery.
Advantages Of Owning Your Very Own Process Serving Business
If you be a process server, you will possess choosing seeking employment or owning your own process serving business. The latter may possibly grow to be considerably more rewarding. Several of the main great things about owning your personal business include:
•Stability: An activity server is a crucial part of the judicial process, and is actually necessary for law. Legal requirements requires that legal documents in relation to court proceedings be transported to the recipients by way of a party that is not working in the case. This career is allotted to process servers in the majority of states. This essentially implies that as long as there are actually court proceedings, your process serving business may have clients. It can be challenging to argue from the stability of your job that is provided for under legislation.
With a steady pool of opportunities seemingly guaranteed underneath the law, it is actually possible that you can enjoy stable lasting success.
•Prospect Of Higher Earnings: Owning your own process serving business offers you the opportunity to earn a lot more than you would probably while employed as a worker, in the same capacity, inside the court system or process serving company. how to become a process server in delaware Why? You could ask, well mainly because you simply will not be splitting the price tag on each service together with your employer!
Furthermore, when you gain more experience in the marketplace, you may offer a number of additional services including, skip tracing, asset tracking and filing of legal documents amongst others.
•Freedom: If you wish to have total control of your personal daily schedule, then you should think of owning your very own process serving business. In this way, it is possible to set your very own work timetable and work full time or part-time, whichever way you want. After you have put together your own schedule, finding time for other important things or events in your life won’t be this sort of bother.
•Easy To Begin: Starting your own business in this sector is simple and easy straightforward. First of all, depending on the state you wish to function in, the entry requirements are often achievable – more on this later. Furthermore, starting your personal business won’t cost too much, and use a smartphone or laptop and work through your car, to have jobs and deliver documents!
In general, while you will need to put in a number of time and energy to build a prosperous business – and in many cases tolerate several unpleasant recipients every once in awhile – with time, you will discover possessing a process serving business being quite beneficial.
Do I Need Process Server Training?
Generally, to be a process server you must be considered a US citizen, over 18 years old and also have a clean record. However, if you are searching to build an excellent business with this industry, you will want some training regardless if it can be required by your state or perhaps not. Here’s a quick listing of some of the things you will definitely learn from process server study courses:
•Applicable Laws/Legal Guidelines: Process servers are required to follow specific laws in relation to the delivery of legal documents to recipients in each state. The proper training course will mention the applicable laws where you live and provide a breakdown in the process to be followed.
•The best way to Serve: As a beginner you will have to discover ways to serve individuals, businesses and corporations. The provision of great services is important to the success of your company therefore, you should determine what counts as being a good process serve. You also have to understand how to locate recipients, particularly if they run or are living in an address that is unknown towards the client, in addition to how to handle distraught or angry recipients.
•Paperwork: Another important thing you will see during process server training is how to handle every one of the paperwork involved – mainly evidence of service.
•Creating Your Organization: Different states have different requirements with regards to setting up process serving businesses. Going for a training course may help direct you through this technique.
•Pricing The Services You Provide: One of the more crucial sides of your successful business involves pricing. Through training become familiar with the best way to set an amount that is not merely fair to prospective customers but additionally enough to ensure that you earn an acceptable return considering the time and energy dedicated to each serve.
•Marketing: The achievements your brand-new organization is heavily dependent on how well you market it without the clients, your online business is as good as dead. While many process serving jobs appear each new day, you must know the best way to tap into this vast market, or perhaps you simply won’t last. The best training course should equip you with all the necessary knowledge and practices you should advertise your business offline and online, for optimum exposure.
•Continued Support: The method serving legal environment is obviously shifting, to keep on the top, you will also need to keep up with any new changes. Therefore, the courses course you take must also make it easy for you to definitely continue refreshing and enriching your understanding with this field.
Conclusion
When you are contemplating starting your own business, pursuing a job in process serving will give you entry to a stable stream of rewarding jobs, without the need for an enormous initial investment.
As you don’t need to have a degree to become process server, receiving the necessary training gives you access to the tools you need to succeed in this industry.We have simplified the Status values used in the new transaction reports so that it's easier for you to know what's going on with your transactions.
Maturing
The transaction is not ready to be sent to the bank yet.
It will sit in this status until it is ready to be submitted to the bank in the next batch. Most transactions are ready to be submitted as soon as possible unless they have been scheduled to take place at a future date and time, as is the case with recurring payment schedules.
Processing
The transaction is about to or has been submitted to the bank and we are waiting for the debit to clear, after which we will send the underlying credit to the bank and wait for it to clear.
Once both the debit and credit have cleared the transaction will transition out of the Processing status.
Processed
Both the underlying credit and debit have cleared and so the entire transaction is now Processed.
Voided
The transaction has been voided subsequent to being cancelled via the website, API or because the bank account has been blocked from making transactions.
You can hover your mouse pointer over the Status value to see the reason.
Failed
The transaction has failed due to one of the following reasons:
The bank has rejected the transaction due to incorrect bank account details.
The bank advised us that the transaction could not be processed, such as when the debtor has insufficient funds.
Before submitting the transaction to the bank, we detected that the debtor had insufficient funds. The transaction can be retried.
You can hover your mouse pointer over the Status value to see the reason.
Reversing
In rare circumstances, where a creditors bank account details are invalid, the transaction will transition from Processed to Reversing.
The debit succeeded, however, the associated credit has failed. The transaction is being reversed.
Reversed
Once the reversal credit has cleared, the transaction is deemed reversed.
Paused
This uncommon status occurs when a transaction has been paused by Zepto. The transaction will not continue until it has been resumed.Relationships invariably involve peaks and troughs. No matter how close two people might be, disagreements, misunderstandings and hurt feelings will happen. Such mis-attunements, while common, can mean the difference between a relationship that deepens and strengthens, and one that founders on the differences that arise between people over time. These mis-attunements act as ruptures, large and small, to the bond that hold people together.
Research on attachment ties between people shows that mis-attunements happen around 70% of the time. This level of mis-attunement, left unaddressed, compounds, ultimately destroying relationships that seemed to hold great promise.
The key issue is whether people have the skills, courage, maturity and willingness to address and then repair such ruptures effectively and in a timely manner, as they become aware of them.
There is art and science in the raising, naming, and processing of ruptures. A lot of skills are involved in how we address the fact a rupture has happened. And many skills are involved in hearing about one’s own part in creating a rupture and responding well and effectively to address the rupture and one’s part in it.
While all ruptures involve a dynamic, and context is always relevant, for the purposes of clarity, in this blog I will concentrate on issues that more specifically relate to the person identified as the one whose actions or words caused the rupture.
I will draw on research about intimate couples to discuss relationship ruptures in general. I believe the issues regarding rupture and repair apply to both life partner conflicts, as well as non-life partner relationships (such as friends, siblings, children, co-workers).
John Gottman is a researcher into what makes marriage relationships succeed or fail[i].
I call those people who have found ways to have successful long-term relationships “long term happies”, to distinguish them from those who remain unhappily connected for the long term.
Gottman has found that 69% of what couples fight about is unresolvable. The possibilities for friction are endless. How couples deal with such unresolvable issues is a key determinant in predicting which couple will make it and become long term happies, and which will become casualty statistics.
For many people, a difficult personal history or poor early modelling around relationships, shame or abuse, conflict, fear of conflict, fear of making things worse, and lack of skills at having difficult conversations, can mean they remain trapped in the vicious cycle of unresolved ruptures, and the painful whittling away of what might once have been precious to them.
Gottman and his team have found that:
- how couples enter conflict
- how they treat each other while in conflict, and
- whether and how effective and timely they are at repairing ruptures when they occur
is fundamental to determining the degree to which the relationship will likely become one of the success stories or a casualty statistic.
Stan Tatkin is a couple therapist[ii]. He actively works with the myriad of signals that pass between partners moment to moment, and how these contribute to the many ruptures that happen all the time in every relationship, big and small. He, too, finds that long term happies that he terms “secure functioning couples”, commit to creating the kind of relationship where their relationship comes first. This includes how each partner approaches conflict[iii]. It also means partners prioritise “fixing” conflicts (ruptures) when they arise. Fixing, in Tatkin’s view, is determined by both partners feeling good after a sort out following a rupture. It does not necessarily mean they agree or that the issue itself is resolved. But it does require that both partners feel good again about the bond between them.
It turns out that long term happies are masters at identifying ruptures. They address them quickly and they repair them effectively. They prioritise the relationship over being right. And they don’t try to solve unsolvable problems.
Apology
One of the most ridiculous things I recall reading on a greeting card some years ago was, “Love means never having to say I’m sorry”.
I was astounded at the monumental ignorance of this phrase. Given what I know to be “normal” – that is, the inevitability of people continually, inadvertently as well as deliberately, hurting each other, getting each other wrong, and irritating each other – that statement left no room for any real relationship I knew about.
Instead, I suggest that love involves saying “I’m sorry” sincerely, as often and whenever necessary, if it’s going to help heal a rupture. And doing it as soon as possible.
What kind of apology?
We have all experienced someone apologising to us for something they did or said (or didn’t say or do) that upset us, and that apology not “feeling right”. The apology feels empty or meaningless to us. Apologies can feel wrong for all sorts of reasons – as a brush-off, a way of silencing any further discussion, an attempt to reclaim social standing as a nice/ good person, a way of seeming to abide by the social contract while not really acknowledging the hurt that happened. Apologies can feel insulting, insincere, dismissive, manipulative, and even contemptuous. One of my personal favourites in this category is “I’m sorry you feel that way”.
Forgiveness as expectation after apology
Having done their bit – so to speak – the person who made the apology expects a pass. From their point of view, they’ve done their part: they apologised. We now “owe them” forgiveness and the right to move on. The matter is meant to be settled there and then, and the subject closed. From there, our role is to play nice, shut up about our distress or concerns, and grant them full status again as a trusted person in our life. In Australia, we’re told “build a bridge and get over it”. “Move on”.
If only it were that simple.
Often, the person who performs a Clayton’s apology expects to be forgiven – that is, they want to be granted all the rights and privileges that usually go with not being the kind of person who hurts or betrays others. If forgiveness is not forthcoming, they may pressure the other person to “move on” or criticise them for bearing a grudge, being bloody minded or overly sensitive, playing the victim, or making a mountain out of a molehill.
In many cultures, forgiveness is held up as a moral duty. Being able to move on after a rupture and apology is seen as a sign of maturity. So, the pressure on the receiver of an apology to accept it and drop their concern can be significant.
Entrenched conflicts
Many of the people I meet in my role as therapist come when they are entrenched in nasty conflicts. When I attempt to unravel the story behind the conflict, I often meet with intense bitterness, resentment, resistance, and push-back as I seek to find out where there might be some “give” to start the repair process.
By “give”, I mean I look for evidence of willingness on a person’s part to move away from being right on some point – to admitting how they might have been hurtful or overstated something or been insensitive as well in service of getting the relationship back onto a solid footing. Whilst listening to each party to the conflict, I look for a willingness to be humble, to admit that maybe they’re not right, maybe they’re not the only *wronged one*, or that their pain justifies their own hurtful actions. I look for willingness to see how they might have contributed to things continuing to be off-track between them. I also look for a willingness and capacity to recognise, empathise with and attend to the other person’s hurt – to see the other person’s hurt feelings as valid as their own.
Instead, I find that most couples stuck in a gridlock over a rupture are often intent on determining who is *right* on any one issue. They may come to couple therapy determined to have me, as their therapist, adjudicate on who is right and who is wrong.
In being so focused on winning the contest of who is most *right* , they lose sight of the unintended cost of this standoff – their relationship happiness.
Carol Dweck, a researcher on mindsets[iv], has found that people can have a growth or a fixed mindset. Curiously, her research maps perfectly onto John Gottman’s findings. In essence, those people who have the best chance of ending up as long-term happies are people with a growth mindset. A growth mindset is just that – it is oriented to look for what can be learned and changed in service of a greater purpose. Those with a fixed mindset are convinced that people are just so – they see things in very rigid, predetermined ways. If a relationship breaks down, they see breaking up as the *only* logical option given the immutability of how they see people. Fixed mindset people leave no room for growth. If there’s no room for growth, then there’s no room for learning and no room for change.
So, what gets in the way?
In my practice, one of the first things I focus on is to help people to ruthlessly identify, challenge and re-set unhelpful priorities they’ve been using to address issues in their relationship.
Misguided priorities
Typically, here are some of the “priorities” that I find get in the way of repairing ruptures:
- needing to be right, or to prove a point
- needing a partner to concede that they were wrong
- need for revenge, retribution, inflicting humiliation, or shame
- insisting that one person’s hurt was worse or more valid than the others, or
- insisting that the hurt arose as a consequence of an act of revenge is deserved and therefore doesn’t count as a hurt
- believing that there’s no point in addressing ruptures – that one just has to just “move on”
- the expectation that the phrase “I’m sorry” should wipe the slate clean after a rupture, without any need for reflection on what happened. Thus, going back over the details of what happened is often defended against as “not wanting to wallow in something”
- insisting that something should be “put behind us” because it’s in the past, or
- believing that someone is “unwilling to let go” of something in a grudge-holding bid to torture the other.
In our work together, such “priorities” reveal themselves in peoples’ ways of relating with each other:
- in their assumptions when they address issues
- in where they cut off discussion or get insistent about what “should” happen (instead of dealing with what’s going on between them at the time), and
- in the places people push back most fiercely when questioned.
Spotting reactions in non-verbals
I help partners learn to spot when ruptures occur, and train them to prioritise addressing ruptures (process) in priority over the agenda (content) when they arise. This is often one of the hardest things for couples in conflict to learn to do.
Whether we like it or not, once we have reacted to something (a perceived slight, an attack, a memory, a betrayal, a tone of voice, sound, facial expression), our brain stops processing things logically as effectively. Part of our brain is now “occupied” with dealing with its emotional reaction. Until that part is addressed sufficiently to settle, we won’t be able to address the content of the original matter that was tabled for discussion (what I call the agenda) anyway.
Most of us know this about ourselves.
Yet, many people get very attached to finishing their point, to having the other person not interrupt them until they’ve finished their whole story, convinced that repair can only arise if they have had a full and lengthy hearing first. They’re wrong.
Often, when a controversial issue is spoken about, ruptures happen before the whole story is even told. Attempts at resolving issues get derailed by a myriad of nonverbal cues – a sigh, a glance, eyeball roll, a sound, facial expressions and posture. And that’s in addition to what might be said in words! Learning to address hurt feelings, especially shame, contempt, defensiveness, blame, misunderstandings and stonewalling, as soon as possible along the way is key to opening the possibility for true repair.
Gottman has identified four poisons that he found are associated with poor relationship outcomes. Gottman identified these as criticism, defensiveness, contempt, and stonewalling. In addressing ruptures, these poisons often manifest very quickly moment to moment between duelling partners.
I find that partners will typically make things worse rather than repair and resolve ruptures by the manner in which they enter a conversation about a controversial issue. Gottman refers to this as a harsh start up, which typically includes accusations framed as criticism, blame, over-generalisations (for example never or always), and using inflammatory language. From there, ruptures tend to compound as people get defensive, feel unseen or unfairly judged, and push back in self-protective ways. If partners address each other with contempt, this may shut down all possibility for real discussion.
It’s not surprising that no one gets heard under such conditions. And also not surprisingly, things escalate very quickly. In time, people get hopeless about addressing and resolving anything. Gradually, people see each other differently and stop seeing each other as true partners. They stop talking about what matters and they grow apart. They start to see each other more as enemies than as partners who have each other’s best interests at heart. Things frequently devolve to “every person for themselves”. Before long, they can become distant strangers, even as they continue their everyday life together.
Prevention
In order to prevent any relationship breaking down, partners need to learn the skills needed to repair ruptures when they occur, and so increase their chances of having a long-term happy relationship.
This requires them to build the kind of relationship where:
- both people are treated with care and respect, regardless of who might be right in some ways
- both accept that multiple and often contradictory realities exist
- both care more about their partner being okay rather than being in the right
- both are willing to try to work to see the other person’s perspective
- both work towards building a fair and just relationship
- both consider it imperative for them both to be sensitive to each other’s vulnerabilities
- both agree on what the general agreements are and the deal breakers in their relationship
- both see it as essential for both of them to maintain those agreements, and
- both consider that if something is *right*, it’s got to be right for both of them.
The apology
Couples I speak with often tell me “I’ve said I’m sorry, but s/he won’t let anything go”.
When I hear that, I often wonder whether the hurt has actually been heard, felt, and addressed by the person claiming the other is ‘holding on’. In my experience, most people seek relief from their pain. That’s more important to them than holding on to it.
Often, I find the apology that was proffered didn’t actually ‘land’ for the hurt person for very good reasons. They typically speak of feeling brushed off, dismissed, rather than being met. They tell me they feel their issue was shut down, minimised or trivialised, excused, or rationalised away. They may even feel blamed for it happening at all.
When I check this out with the person who claims they have apologised, I am often met with irritability, defensiveness, and minimising. It’s not uncommon for me to hear such a person tell me “the past is the past. It is what is. I can’t change what’s happened.” They often sound like they’re claiming the moral higher ground and feel hard done by. After all, in their logic, they’ve apologised! It’s the partner that seems unable or unwilling to move forward, to put the past behind them. It’s not them.
What the person doing the ineffective apology fails to realise is that they’re adding to the original hurt through their manner of addressing it. In effect, they are adding insult to injury by implying and sometimes openly saying — “get over it, already. I’ve moved on”.
The person who has caused hurt can’t expect the person they’ve hurt to “get over it” with a simple “I’m sorry”. An effective apology involves a whole lot more than the words, “I’m sorry”.
When apology doesn’t work
We all know what a cursory or insincere apology feels like, or an apology that’s more about the speaker making themselves feel better or look good again, rather than truly addressing a hurt they’ve caused.
We know the difference between an effective apology and an ineffectual or insincere one at a body level — our body registers the difference. We see it in the speaker’s eyes and face, we hear it in their tone of voice, their choice of words. Our body registers the apology and decodes it as real, partially real, or false. We feel this in our own body as we feel it open or shut down, feel our heart stop, race or slow down, as we hold our breath, or breathe freely, and as our muscles tighten or relax. We recognise sincerity and authentic remorse and empathy, just as we recognise disingenuousness, rote or formulaic responses, and hollow expressions of care.
Making an effective repair – the authentic apology
Persons wanting to learn to make effective repairs to relationship ruptures need to learn the skill of tracking what their partner’s non-verbal responses to their efforts reveal about their repair attempts. They also need to address any signals that suggest something has not landed well and find ways of course-correcting as they go if they are to make an effective apology.
A real and effective repair needs to let the person we’ve hurt know beyond doubt that we want to understand and get how deeply we hurt them; that we are truly sorry; that we are willing to resonate with their hurt; that our priority is for them to feel better; and that we are willing to take the time it takes for them to heal.
When I assist relationships where hurt has happened (for example, an affair, verbal abuse, or betrayal), I first work to have the person who has hurt the other NAME what they think or know they did to the other person. I start there because it’s not uncommon for the person who has hurt the other to have an inaccurate or incomplete understanding of how and what they did to hurt the other. So, the rupture or hurt needs to be stated and checked for accuracy and completeness.
This sounds simple, but often requires a lot of effort and discipline on the part of the speaker that most of us have never been taught.
This involves:
- use statements in which you own your actions – using personal pronouns, I know I did X to you, I said Y to you
- label what you did or said descriptively and accurately, describing behaviours – I hit you, I was rude to you, I humiliated you, I ignored you, I betrayed you
- call yourself out for what you did – no playing things down, no excuses, no blame
- be willing to accept that, no matter what else was going on at the time, YOU are still the one who chose to do or say what you did. Be willing to take full responsibility for your choices, even if you think there were extenuating circumstances
- attempt to put into words what you think the effect of your hurtful behaviour was for the other person – I know/I think/I imagine you felt hurt, betrayed, humiliated, shamed by what I did or said
- be willing to be ruthlessly honest in calling out your own bad/hurtful behaviour for what it was and use language that demonstrates that
- no defensiveness, no excuses, no blame, no justifications; no minimising language
- check out with the partner whether they feel you’ve “got” how harmful your words or actions were for them. Actively seek clarification so you can be sure you have as comprehensive an understanding as possible of the impact of your actions
- accept that your partner’s reality is their experience. Don’t argue with them, try to change their mind, or tell them it’s not as bad as they feel
- make adjustments to your own narrative to incorporate the partner’s experience
- challenge yourself to feel the hurt you caused the other person without prioritising your own shame or guilt (I feel so bad, you know how hard this is for me)
- allow yourself to feel the impact of the hurt you caused in real time, as you witness your partner’s hurt in the moment. Show that you’re taking the hit, are feeling hurt for your partner’s pain. Openly allow your own sorrow, guilt, sadness, regret, remorse to show in your face and body posture
- PACE the repair – one statement at a time. No rushing
- Allow each chunk to register with your partner, allow your partner time to check if what is being said ‘lands’ for them as genuine and true. Don’t rush — don’t try to hurry them up, don’t try to get it done
- track your partner’s nonverbal cues and check whether something has landed or hasn’t – whether something needs clarifying or whether a new rupture has happened
- Check whether you are reading your partner’s response correctly and attempt to repair or course-correct – whatever needs to be addressed right then
- do not move on to the next piece before being clear that a piece has landed effectively or repairing inadvertent new hurts that arise
- accept that repair may take more than one conversation. Effective repair takes time.
So, if you have a relationship where you would like to apologise for hurt you’ve caused, or feel you have apologised but it hasn’t worked, ask yourself:
- Why do you want to make the repair? Is it for you, for the other person, for both? Is it for some other reason?
- How do you want to feel on the other side of the repair? How would you like your partner to feel?
- If you have already apologised and it hasn’t worked, check the points above and identify what you think might be the reason your apology failed
- If there are certain points in the list above where you feel yourself resist, push back — what are those points?
- What are you most afraid of admitting – to yourself or the other? How will admitting that change your view of how you see yourself?
- How much do you really believe the other person was really hurt by your actions? Are you able to identify how your actions impacted them?
- Would the other person agree with your list? Or would they change it or add other items?
- How much do you really care about the other person’s pain? Do you hurt for their hurt, or is your discomfort more conceptual?
If you’ve considered these questions and think you’d like to go ahead and work on making an effective repair in a relationship, and you can see you might need some help, contact me.
[i] GOTTMAN, J. (1995). Why marriages succeed or fail, Simon and Schuster.
[ii] TATKIN, S, (2012). Wired for Love, New Harbinger.
[iii] TATKIN, S. (2018). We do, Sounds True.
[iv] DWECK, C. (2016). Mindset, Random House.Amore Beds – cushions that you will certainly fall in love with Best Bed in a Box Canada Reddit
When people are trying to find a good cushion, what they can just locate is either very expensive or low-grade. It is getting even harder if you are copulating your companion as well as you require a bed mattress that can divide right into 2 pieces. The majority of the moment, high-quality, with cooling technologies mattresses are very pricey to get as well as you are not sure that the rate that you are paying is compared to the quality.
In this Amore Beds review, you will discover all the information that you need about what is an excellent mattress, what do you require to look in a mattress and also all other excellent bed mattress. So, please continue reviewing this evaluation. Best Bed in a Box Canada Reddit
Video: Amore Beds Mattress
Amore Beds Mattresses – where is the wonder? Best Bed in a Box Canada Reddit
Generally, Amore Beds have various types of mattresses, so that you can choose the one that is the right for you.
Amore two-sided and also flippable mattress. If you are trying to find a mattress that supplies support, convenience, as well as breathability – this set is the right for you. Amore two-sided cushion has 10 various foam layers! Can you believe that? Perhaps you are an overwhelmed sleeper and one-time of your life you such as to rest on a company bed mattress, but after that you wish to pick the softer one? You do not require to get 2 separate bed mattress, as the Amore Beds two-sided mattress can be a great option. Also, you would conserve some money, due to the fact that as opposed to acquiring 2 different mattresses, you can buy the Amore two-sided which is 2-in-1.
The Amore two-sided bed mattress comforts all type of sleepers as it soothes pain at the stress points, lowers movement transfer, improves air flow in the cushion, has an organic cotton textile cover as well as also a 10-year warranty. Best Bed in a Box Canada Reddit
Crossbreed foam and also Coil Mattress. Perhaps you are seeking the bed mattress that provides assistance and comfort all your life? Do not stress any longer, as the Amore Hybrid foam as well as Coil Mattress has everything that you are searching for. This mattress has 4-inch coils and foams that can easily breathe. All these attributes supply you a deep, lengthy and also comfortable sleep all night.
The Hybrid foam as well as Coil bed mattress eliminates the pressure points, has actually an enhanced firm-foam side criterion, generates better breathability, includes FusionFlex foam as well as has a 15-year service warranty.
Luxury Hybrid Mattress. Well, this bed mattress is called “deluxe” not just due to the fact that it may have a slightly larger cost contrasted to the others, however of its quality as well. High-end Hybrid Mattress has a thick 12.5 inches layer of 100% Talalay latex, 6-inch coils as well as costs convenience foam layers. All these provide top notch sleep during the night. The bed mattress provides pressure factor relief and also lowers motion transferring. Best Bed in a Box Canada Reddit
Deluxe Hybrid Mattress has superb assistance for all sleepers, 100% Talalay latex, edge to edge border assistance, much deeper pressure point relief and also 20-year guarantee.
Natural Mattress. This mattress will certainly provide you a sensation of all-natural, fresh power in the morning. It has 100% all-natural Dunlop latex, natural New Zealand wool, natural cotton. Additionally, this cushion provides a superior pressure-point system with the 8-inch coils that are inside the bed mattress. So essentially, it is a premium and also NATURAL cushion.
Amore Natural Mattress has organic cotton material cover, 100% Dunlop latex, no included chemicals, open-cell with air channels for a very easy air movement and 25-year guarantee.
Amore Beds Mattresses that you will drop in love Best Bed in a Box Canada Reddit
- You are getting the very best value for your Amore Beds bed mattress due to the fact that you are mosting likely to pay means less than at the conventional mattress shops. There is no retail expenses and also no sales commissions, so the price tag is not that high.
- Outstanding quality is the primary feature that you get when you are acquiring Amore Beds bed mattress. Producers are making use of only premium American materials in the Chicago factory to make a premium mattress just for you.
- Fail to remember the struggle when you are looking for a mattress. Forget the congested showrooms, a lot of bed mattress which are different but at the exact same time all same. You can just buy an Amore Beds Mattress online and you will certainly be offered a FREE SHIPPING. Additionally, you will appreciate your bed mattress for the very first time after 5 to 10 company days after buying it. Best Bed in a Box Canada Reddit
- Also, neglect the threat sensation when you are purchasing the mattress for a high-cost and also you do not know if it will fit you or otherwise. You can check any type of Amore Beds bed mattress for 100 days and also see for yourself if it is the ideal selection that you have made. If you are not pleased with your to buy, you can merely offer the mattress back and receive a complete refund. Exactly how great is that?
Last decision
If you are trying to find a cushion which is the appropriate selection for you – Amore Beds what you need to take into consideration. They are offering a few mattresses which can quickly fit any type of type of sleeper, can be really budget friendly according to the high quality and you can also check them out for a 100 days and also see if the bed mattress is a good fit for you. Best Bed in a Box Canada Reddit
When it concerns picking a great cushion, you need to never consider the cheapest one on the market with has no evaluations and does not offer you an endorsement. Always review the remarks and testimonials of each website or store that you are selecting the bed mattress from.Female Chiropractor Arcadia
Whether you suffer from a severe injury or have an ongoing condition, you may benefit from the services of a female chiropractor in Arcadia. A chiropractor is an ideal option to provide you with effective ways to deal with pain and inflammation, improve mobility, strengthen muscles, and promote healing. A chiropractor treats problems related to your spine, including lower back pain and neck pain, among others. Chiropractic care can be utilized with other treatments to improve your condition.
What Does a Chiropractor Treat?
A female chiropractor in Arcadia provides treatments for a variety of injuries and conditions. We treat injuries that happen due to car accidents, sports injuries, illnesses, or any other problems. Some of the common conditions that we can treat include lower back pain, neck pain, whiplash, herniated discs, arthritis, scoliosis, sports injuries, sciatica, spinal stenosis, bulging discs, and degenerated discs, among others. We can help with posture correction in Arcadia, CA, along with other spinal issues. When you have any type of pain or injury in your back or neck, we can evaluate the condition and provide appropriate care.
Types of Chiropractic Treatments
At S.M.A.R.T. Spine Institute & Surgery Center provides holistic treatment plans based on your specific needs. The base of chiropractic treatment is spinal manipulation. Our female chiropractor in Arcadia will use a variety of hands-on techniques to manipulate the affected areas and massage the back and neck. Additional types of treatments include spinal decompression, therapeutic ultrasound, cool laser therapy, and manipulation under anesthesia. We will perform a comprehensive evaluation and discuss the treatment options that are best for your condition. We offer ongoing care and treatment that you can use in conjunction with other treatments and medications when necessary. We create treatment plans for people of all ages.
Benefits of Chiropractic Care
There are many benefits of chiropractic treatments. Chiropractic care offers a safe and unobtrusive way to relieve pain, pressure, and inflammation due to injury or illness. The methods we use are very safe yet they are effective. Chiropractic treatments are easy and you can tolerate them very well. We offer gentle options to reduce discomfort and improve mobility. Chiropractic care offers a way to move and use many muscles that you may not normally use. With regular treatments, you will feel improvement and may be able to reduce the use of pain medications.
About our Female Chiropractor in Arcadia
At S.M.A.R.T. Spine Institute & Surgery Center, we offer comprehensive back and spine treatments for people of all ages. We have a team that offers a variety of services including a female chiropractor in Arcadia. We work to identify your needs and create a complete plan for treatment and care. We are happy to help you achieve excellent results. Regardless of your needs, we are here to provide expert care. You can read many testimonials from our satisfied clients on our website. We have flexible hours and you can set up a convenient appointment online. Contact SMART Spine Institute & Surgery Center for immediate relief: 626-445-0326.Female Chiropractor Arcadia
View Larger MapSynthesis of Aldehydes & Ketones
- Page ID
- 55196.
Hydration of an alkyne to form ketones
The addition of a hydroxyl group to an alkyne causes tautomerization which subsequently forms a carbonyl. Markovnikov addition of a hydroxyl group to an alkyne forms a ketone..
Contributors
Prof. Steven Farmer (Sonoma State University)Team USA Earns 20 Medals in Aguascalientes
By Barbara Brand, USA Taekwondo National Poomsae Team Coach
Team USA continued its record-breaking momentum to finish the 2014 World Taekwondo Poomsae Championships with a total of 20 medals: four gold medals, five silver medals and 11 bronze medals.
Noreen Thackrey won the master three division gold medal, becoming the first three-time American world championship gold medal athlete. She started calm and confident against Turkey in the first final (Taebaek, Shipjin), demonstrated the best balance of the division against Spain in the second final (Pyongwon, Jitae) and showed fierce control and determination against Russia in the third final (Hansu, Keumgang). The silver medal went to Russia, and the bronze medals went to Spain and Argentina.
“This was different than my previous two gold medals,” Thackrey said. “Being on the last day of the competition, it was a challenge to stay healthy and strong. The new final format was a challenge as well, having to do six poomsae rather than two as before.
“The coaching and support staff was a great help throughout the trip and especially on game day. It was also very special, as my husband was able make the trip and share the moment with me.”
The Team USA junior male team of Chris Lu, Kyle Ng and Shemual Tsai blasted through the competition and won a gold medal in the group’s first world championships appearance. The trio’s synchronization, flow and power pushed the athletes to wins in the first final (Taegeuk 5, Koryo) over Mexico and the second final (Taegeuk 6, Taegeuk 8) against Russia. The athletes hit their peak in control and contrast in the third final (Taekbaek, Keumgang) against Chinese Taipei, which earned the silver medal. The bronze medals went to Vietnam and Russia.
Chi Duong won his second silver medal of the world championships in the third master division. After Russia forfeited the first final, he faced Great Britain in the second final (Pyongwon, Jitae) and Spain in the third final (Hansu, Jitae). The gold medal went to Spain, and the bronze medals went to Turkey and Great Britain.
Duong had this bit of advice for American competitors: “You have to be very well-prepared. If not you will be put off by the new format. New athletes need to train harder and expect the unexpected.”
Carissa Fu won a bronze medal in the senior one division. She finished sixth in her preliminary (Taekgeuk 7, Koryo) group of 16, and she finished sixth in the semifinal (Keumgang, Taebaek). She then beat Egypt in the first final (Keumgang, Koryo) before a tough battle with Mexico in the second final (Taegeuk 8, Taebaek). The gold medal went to Korea, the silver medal to Mexico and Chinese Taipei also earned a bronze medal.
After the event, Fu said, “Today has certainly been one of the most emotional days I have ever experienced. Each round was a battle, and that made the passing of each a hard-fought victory. It hasn't quite hit me yet what happened today and what the entire Team USA accomplished this year. I know we left an indelible mark on the world stage, showing each nation we are a force to be reckoned with.”
Team USA won its last medal, a bronze, in the final division of the championships: the under 17 freestyle mixed team. American athletes, parents and supporters, who had cheered throughout the four days of competition, yelled a loud, proud cheer as Kenneth Doan, Tyler Dao, Khoa Nguyen, Trina Dao and Arianna Le stepped on the mat. The crowd joined them as they hit every dynamic run. China earned the gold medal, Vietnam won the silver medal and Mexico also claimed a bronze medal.
The cadet pair of Vincent Jodjana and Riann Jao came out strong in the semifinal (Taegeuk 5, Keumgang) before facing Vietnam in the first final (Taegeuk 7, Taegeuk 6). The gold medal went to Korea, the silver medal went to Vietnam and the bronze medals went to Canada and China.
The Team USA cadet team of Jamie Ng and Riann Jao met China in the first final (Taegeuk 7, Keumgang) and fell by just .06 points. The silver medal went to Vietnam, and the bronze medals went to Denmark and Mexico.
Michael Coulcoundis placed ninth in the preliminary round (Taegeuk 6, Taegeuk 8) of the junior division and missed the final cut by .07 points.I'm going to start a dog blog.
Cookies for everyone!
My sincerest thanks to everyone who gave me their two cents on the dog blog topic, and when I say everyone I mean everyone. Even those of you who said "Uh, yeah, thanks but no thanks. I have cats. I wouldn't touch a dog blog with a ten foot pole with a fuzzy pink ball of catnip at the end." I especially thank you for your truthfulness. It would have been very easy to say "Sure, I'll read it. I hate dogs but I am so there. " But you didn't. However, you did say you'd send readers my way so how could I not love you?
Mwah. Big, wet, sloppy dog kisses just for you.
Thank you, also, to the people who gave me some great recommendations about this new, yet to be written, still stuck in my head just ready to be expelled blog as well as for the legal advice. Don't think I won't be sending you more emails in the future about this. You don't mind, right? Did I mention cookies and wet dog kisses?
Now I just have to set about starting it. Yeah. That's the easy part, right? Okay, not so much.
I'm sorry to say the advice begging is not over (I'm getting out my knee pads. Begging is not pretty and it's hard on the knees.)
First, I'd like to know which blog platform do you prefer? As much as I've learned to deal with Blogger's cute little idiosyncrasies and 12 hour downtimes I think I'd like this new site to be hosted somewhere other than a place that shuts down every time the toilet is plugged up. I'm thinking WordPress. Any thoughts?
Second, I'd like to hear from you, my possible reader, about what you would like to see specifically on that new site. Beside dog pictures, which I will post every week. However, cute pet pictures are great but they're not everything. Unless you're this site. Or this one. My point is, it's been done and I don't want my blog to become all about pictures. What other things would you like to see or read about when it comes to dogs? Responses from cat owners suggesting ways to rid themselves of their neighbor's barking Cujo will be laughed at but not taken into consideration.
And third, the ever astute Sandra (who was one of the first people to suggest that I start a canine-specific site) said, and I quote, "Can't wait to hear what you'll call the dawg blawg."
(cue crickets)
Uh...
Um...
Er..
Huh.
Wow. I have no idea. I thought about it and I have some ideas kicking around my head with the rest of the mirth and merriment I keep stored up there, but I don't know if I like any of my ideas. So, do you know what that means? Huh, huh, do ya?
Contest!
Since I apparently can't think for myself these days I am asking even more of you, dear internets. Along with any specific topics you'd like to see covered on my new site I'd also like you to name it. Name that Blog! Or, at least help me name it. Please leave me a comment or send an email to ChickyChickyBaby at Hotmail dot com with your name suggestions for my new blog. It's like asking strangers to help name my baby but, strangely, I'm okay with that. And the lucky winner will receive...
Something.
I haven't gotten that far yet. The last few posts have been completely made up on the fly and I haven't given any thought as to what you could win. However, I promise you it will be something you will like. How's that for non-committal? Oh, and I'll plug you like nobody's plugged you. Come rain or come shine.
*Added: I have found that "Dawg Blawg" or "Dog Blog" or some form of those names have been used extensively in the pet blog world, so I need something a little more original . I'm also looking for taglines (yeah, asking for much there, Mrs. C? Jeez.). The winner will receive either a $10 gift card from Target or from Barnes and Noble, winners choice. If I get two winners, one for the blog name and one for the tagline then one person will win the Target card and one will win the B and N card. As well as my ever-lasting admiration and love. And compliments on how thin you look.
Once again, I thank you for your consideration on this matter. I don't care what anyone says about you, I think you are the best. I also don't care if this sounds like sucking up because, strangely, I'm okay with that too.
(removing knee pads)
_____________________________________________
A few of you asked where I got chicks Baby's AB/CD t-shirt. I bought it online from BabyRockStar.com. We get more comments and compliments on that t-shirt than all of her cute clothes put together.
_____________________________________________
Lastly, thank you for the compliments on my two dogs, Fisher (the yellow lab) and Lana (the black lab). They were touched and I think they may have blushed a little. They said you can splash in their water bowl anytime.
Sunday, September 10, 2006
Okay, I'll do it...
I'm going to start a dog blog.
31 comments:
Oh boy. This is going to be fun. I was going to ask you the name.
I'll be thinking and will return later.
Doggie Breath -
the blog for people who think doggie breath is just as wonderful as baby breath.
Yeah, I'm a dork!
Good luck Chicky!
Carrie
Hmmm...I have my thinking cap on. Will get back to you.
yep good - I have already had two occassions to refer folks to you as a blog source for all things dawg.
Will there be a contest to name that blog?
How about The Dog Blog? I'm guessing that one's taken, but if not, maybe it would work. It's simple and it's well, descriptive, and hey, it rhymes!
If I were to start a new blog, I'd try word press. I'm on blogger now so I know how yucky it is and I like the look of the word press templates and categorizing.
And to your question on topics, I think it'd be neat if you did an "Ask Mrs. Chicky" feature like "Dear Abby" or something where people could e-mail you questions and then you'd respond with advice.
Did I mention that Eva has that AB/CD shirt as well? And, like Julia, she gets tons of compliments on it... she wore it for about 6 weeks straight before Hugh realized it wasn't AC/DC.
I am up for the Dawg Blawg... especially since my dad's dog nipped Eva today (in fairness, she was trying to take a ball out of the dog's mouth and the skin wasn't broken) but I am worried that the dog thinks Eva is a dog too... my first question to you is going to be about resocializing animals as a child gets older and their (child's) behavior changes.
For now we have implemented the "stay-away-from-Darla's-mouth" rule and are relieved that it wasn't the problem it could have been.
Oh I'm so excited (panting) and my dogs are just chasing their tails in anticipation.
The blog names that came to mind are, as written in your post, The Dawg Blawg and since I'm a fool for alliteration -- Kanine Kapers (I know it's a "C"); Paw Prints...A place for people who love their dogs.
Oh I'm bad at this but I will welcome the opportunity to read all about dogs and even contribute my own two cents. As for format, I like easy to read blogs without too much fanfare in the sidebars, my preference would be no blinking dogbones, but clickable links would be a good thing (I'm starting a new site of my own with that idea in my head).
GOOD LUCK!
Oooh, how about exactly what you said? "Cookies for everyone!" A blog treat for you and your dog! (I"m liking it, Mrs. Chicky.)
Hey, I really like Kvetch's suggestion. That's a good one -- name and tagline.
As far as blog platforms go I made the switch to WordPress and I LOVE IT. I only wish I'd done it sooner. It's super easy to use and navigate and it has neat little features that Blogger doesn't have. So I'd check WP out.
I have a few-
First, in honor of the Butch the Dog cartoon- you may remember this one...
What? No Gravy?
Tagline: This time we didn't forget the gravy!
or
Gravy Train
No tagline- maybe the above tagline?
Kibbles & Wits
Kibbles & Writs
Kibbles & Sits
And you can use your comment counter "sit, stay, speak" as your tagline!
I'm psyched for you! What about your comment line: Sit, Stay, and Speak? I like it.
"Sniffin' Butts and Takin' Names"
Yea, I'm sick that way.
Although it might be a lot of work I would love to be able to submit some questions. Like a weekly Q&A. Product reviews would be great too, there's lots of crap out there for your dog and who knows what works.
Oh man, dirty birdie took my ideas. Q & A, product reviews. bummer.
I'll put my thinking cap on because I'm ALL ABOUT GIFT CARDS and you talking me up. It's all about CPA Mom after all. Teeheehee
How about Doggie Dos and Don'ts?
Or The Canine Connection?
I'll keep thinking...
If I think of any good names, I'll let you know! I'm very excited about the dog blog! We are adoring parents of an eleven month old baby and two Boston Terriers! In the dog blog, I would love to see lots of pictures, training tips, and health advice.
Yippee! Good for you for moving ahead with this idea! You've gotten some good name suggestions so far....I like Kibbles & Wits.
The scoop on poop . com?
(gittn down wit my bitches)
the baby and the bitch . com?
I dunno, but I'll be thinking, and you know I'll read it! Daily training tips would be excellent. Maybe also pictures of dogs up for adoption through shelters in various locales? Can't wait.
a) I'm PSYCHED about the dawg blawg. dawgs rule!
b) I got nothin' on the name game. but I'll heavily support the new blog when it's up and running. dog blog links rule!
c) this is so perfect.
and b/c I'm the biggest dork walking, I have to throw this out:
pawsforinspection.com
gettingthepaw.com
givingthepaw.com
hi. I *said* I was a dork.
Why do I want some sort of spinoff of:
Dog Day Afternoon
Master (Mistress) of Her Domain
Dogs Gone Blog/ DoggoneBlog
PhDog
Because I'm so not right.
Wow, your readers are too damn creative. I've got nothin'. Although I do have a subject I'd love to see tackled: What is the proper etiquette when your neighbor's cat jumps your fence and gets into a fight with the dog of the house? How do you prevent further altercations when the dumb feline refuses to stay off your property and his owners won't force him to, either? Best wishes on your new blogging endeavor!
Life's a Bitch
heh.
I Like Kibbles and Wits
The Dog Log
or
The Dog Diva
Dishing it out one can of food at a time heh
or
The Daily Dog
or
Who's Your Master?
An online dog owner's guide to their favorite pooch ...
Who Let the Dogs Out?
heh.
Okay. There you go. Tags? I'll think.
A dog blog! How exciting! I am going to a dog behavior class at the shelter where I volunteer on Saturday! Should be interesting... How about:
The Canine Companion
Tips on becoming your pooch's best friend
I'd love to get some dog behavior advice. ("Don't let your kids beat the crap out of the dog" is always a good one. Hee hee...) Maybe a post on reasons why you should and maybe should NOT get a dog? (Like if you want a pup "for your kids" and honestly don't want anything to do with the pup? Not good.) Stuff like that.
I can't wait!
Yay you are doing it!
But I am much better at asking the astute (? he he?) questions than providing the stellar answers ... look at the lame name I picked for my own blog.
Not a credible contest participant :)
But if I get a brain wave ... I'll send it right on over.
I just asked my 5 year old and here are his ideas:
- Doggies
- Dog Website
- Dog.com
Ya, creativity clearly runs in the family.
Good luck!
Dogs Town
-- There's no such thing as a bad dog.
Get it? Huh? Huh? Do ya?
And then there's always The Pooch Professor ... or Pup Professor
-- School is in, sit and stay.
Or a nice combo in The Dog Chicky
-- You have to earn your cookies here.
Or ... The Dogosphere
-- All things dog
I have to stop this silliness ...
I love Doggie Breath!
I so totally suck at coming up with names and taglines, so I'll just vote:
Title: The Dogosphere
Tagline: Cookies for Everyone!
I love "The Scoop on Poop." Then again, I really am still just in third grade.
I am embarrassed to admit that a character in my novel works at a Doggie Daycare named "Fuzzy Navels." Gah. I guess you file that under "Seemed like a good idea at the time!"
Can't wait to read it, seeing as I'm obsessed with dog-related things. ;)
I dunno, I'd use Unleashed with a leash as a lasso on the header, though I definitely like the kibbles & Wits as well.
Names: End of my leash, Sag and Wag, Better Bones, Say it with a Bark, Doggie Dews
Hum I guess it depends on what you want to write about.
What I'd love to see his tips and tricks on how to get my puppy behave. She diggs, she barks at strangers on walks...
Great idea. Have fun with it. Given your great writing skills, It'll be fantastic. I'll be sure to link to it from my Worthless Trivia ()Blog
I like a spinoff on IAI's idea
"Dog Gone It"
with a tagline
Cookies for everyone!
(which of course was already mentioned too.)
There are so many awesome ideas mentioned by lots creative people!
OK not my area of expertise but years ago when I was was dying to open a dog cafe (before they were on every corner) I had some names like Cafe Terrier (cafeteria, get it?) and uh, that's all I can remember right now. But my tag line was going to be the "come, sit, stay cafe" which I still love. I know you don't have a cafe but maybe it'll inspire something. Or not.W.
…He is yet another master of the customs of necessity, the minute strategies of endurance and of joy.
Next about another such childhood caretaker, Aunt Georgie:
I wanted desperately to share the smug assumptions of my race and class and time that all questions have answers, all problems solutions, all sad stories happy endings. It was good that I should have been tried, that I should have had to contend with Aunt Georgie’s unshakable—and accurate—view that life is perilous, surrounded by mystery, acted upon by powerful forces unknown to us. Much as she troubled me and disturbed my sleep, I cannot regret that she told me, bluntly as it needs to be told, that men and events come to strange and painful ends, not foreseen. …And no doubt because of this very darkness of cosmic horror in her mind, everything in the world that she touched became luminous with its own life. She was always showing you something: a plant, a bloom, a tomato, an egg, an herb, a sprig of spring greens. Suddenly you saw it as she saw it—vivid, useful, free of all the chances against it, a blessing—and it entered shadowless into your mind. I still keep the deepest sense of delight in the memory of the world’s good things held out to me in her black crooked floriferous hands.抄録
Spallation reactions for the long-lived fission products 137Cs, 90Sr and 107Pd have been studied for the purpose of nuclear waste transmutation. The cross sections on the proton- and deuteron-induced spallation were obtained in inverse kinematics at the RIKEN Radioactive Isotope Beam Factory. Both the target and energy dependences of cross sections have been investigated systematically. and the cross-section differences between the proton and deuteron are found to be larger for lighter fragments. The experimental data are compared with the SPACS semi-empirical parameterization and the PHITS calculations including both the intra-nuclear cascade and evaporation processes.
出版物シリーズ
その他
All Science Journal Classification (ASJC) codes
- 物理学および天文学（全般）The cable guy’s formulas: professional declaring to the office for hours Warner wire happens to be asking all on Reddit Anyone declaring is some time Warner Cable technician happens to be spilling ways on Reddit. Time Warner wire, the second-largest service of TV and websites in the United States, taught crystal that it can be […]
One hundred percent efficient ways to method a Trans chap As an amateur on these online transgender internet dating sites, are you your sunken in big internet dating water and none of those trans folks are prepared to answer we? Possibly for the reason that you have got gone to unsuitable destination and accomplish what […]Yellow gold three pearl stud earrings made in 9 carat yellow gold.The earrings also have three 4mm pearls into them.The earrings measure 1 cm in length and are 1 cm wide. They have a full set set of British Hallmarks and weigh 2.8 grams.
Yellow Gold Pearl Stud Earrings
These luxurious earrings encompass the beautiful luster of the pale pink pearl against the rich deep black pearl and the rich ivory of the white pearl. The earrings are the most beautiful example of hand craftsmanship at its finest.
£209.00Dominic M. Spadea, GG
As a member of the nationally recognized Spadea family of fine jewelers, Dominic Spadea is no stranger to the jewelry business. Dominic has been associated with the jewelry business since the age of 15 starting at Kay Jewelers in downtown Lancaster, Pa. where he worked part time through high school and college. Upon receiving his BS in Business management from Indiana University of Pa. in 1973,
he returned to his roots as a manager trainee with Kay Jewelers in Mclean, Va. In 1974, Dominic was recruited by the prestigious J.E. Caldwell & Co. Jewelers of Philadelphia to become the youngest store manager in company history in Harrisburg, Pa.
After enjoying a very successful jewelry store management career, managing stores in Pa., Mass. and Detroit Michigan, it was time to venture out on his own forming Spadea & Company with his two brothers. In 1979, Spadea & Company purchased May Jewelers in Millersville, Pa. and in 1981, Greer Jewelers in Mount Joy, Pa. In 1983, Spadea & Co. operated the Jewelry department in Galen’s of Ephrata, Pa.
In 1994, Dominic founded Certified Jewelry Appraisals, one of the first full service mobile jewelry appraisal companies serving corporate partners by providing professional jewelry appraisals “while you wait” to customers of major jewelry companies. In 2010, after building CJA into the largest mobile independent jewelry appraisal company, Dominic sold CJA. He currently continues to serve corporate clients through CJA. In 2010, Dominic founded Certified Gemological Information focusing primarily on serving personal appraisal clients. With its main office in Lancaster, Pa. and satellite offices in Millersville, Pa. and Port St. Lucie, Fla., CGI provides quality professional jewelry appraisals, by appointment, on a while you wait basis. As an added service to personal clients, CGI offers discreet and fair alternatives to helping clients rid themselves of unwanted jewelry and watches.
Credentials
1977
Diamond Grading & Evaluation
Gemological Institute of America
1978
Registered Jeweler Title
American Gem Society
1981
Colored stone Grading, Evaluation & Identification
Gemological Institute of America
1981
Gemologist Diploma
Gemological Institute of America
1983
Certified Gemologist Title
American Gem Society
1993
Graduate Gemologist Diploma
Gemological Institute of America
2007
Certified Insurance Appraiser
- 35 Years of Jewelry Retail Management experience
- 21 Years as a jewelry store owner
- 40 Years of appraisal experience
- Experienced expert witness in Court of Law
- Member National Association of Jewelry Appraisers
- Senior Member Accredited Gemologists Association
- Affiliate American Gem Society5
RESULTS
Program
Year
Topics & Subjects
Collection
Sponsor
Language
eye
479
favorite 0
quote 0
. >> reporter: queen gaither points out one of the bullet holes. late last night gaither's town home was hit by a hail of gunfire. some of the nine bullets pierced the wall and entered the house. gaither's 14-year-old daughter, who was upstairs, was hit twice in the back. because she is a minor we are disguising her face. >> heard the pop come through the window, in the room. it struck me in the back. >> did you know you had been shot? how many bullets came into your house? >> nine. nin. two struck her. two was in the pillow. if she was laying on her bed on her pillow she would have gotten hit twice. >> reporter: this isn't the first time the home has been hit by bullets. the hole in this picture is from another incident that happened four months ago. no one was hurt that time. she says young people gather on her corner and in the park across the street when guns are drawn, her house is in the cross fire. >> i think they were shooting at the boys outside. they just -- by them being around here at the play ground, it is still going to come our way.<<Graduates of our Comprehensive Tax Course and/or one or more of our Chartered Tax Certificate Programs can now claim their badge(s) and share their professional credentials on popular social channels, networking sites, personal websites, and in emails with web-enabled credentials powered by Credly. This new standard for communicating achievements provides:
The first step to improving your skills and your career is gaining expertise. The next step is letting people know about it.
Our digital badges contain verifiable data to show what you have learned and how you learned it, giving real insight into what your certificate means!
You've earned it, now show it off! Badges can be shared across numerous social media platforms and can be embedded into email signatures, resumes, and webpages.
Self-reporting skills can introduce doubt into the hiring process. Badging establishes a transparent, legitimate way to tell people about your skills and competencies!
Curious about which companies are hiring people with your expertise? Credly can connect you with job opportunities! Just click into the skills tags on any of our certificate badges to learn more.
So, what are you waiting for? Explore our digital badges powered by the Credly platform.
Once you've completed all Surgent ITS learning modules and other requirements, you'll!
Watch Credly's video about digital badging and credentials below:
"Highly recommend. Tough and demanding course. You will be prepared when you finish!"
"It is great getting to learn at my own pace.!"
"While the particular course I’m enrolled in is quite challenging, I’m very pleased with the detail that the school affords its students within its coursework. I must say it is a great investment for those seeking to understand the intricacies of the income tax system."Here we are offer best quality for Ar 15 Jp Spring Kit
4" long wood handles. H-1 offset for good rear view, 3" long shank. H-2 curved, no offset, 3" shank. H-3 sharp bend for Pointer short. 2" shank. Mfg: GunlineCheck price and Read more Detail At Gunline
PRESS TYPE SHELLHOLDER Mfg: HornadyCheck price and Read more Detail At HornadyOur Mission
Explore
Showcase
About
Newsletter
Donate
About
About
People
Partners
LP
Lesson Plan
Jobs
Terrestrial LiDAR (3D Laser Scanning)
Digital Preservation Technologies
by Justin Barton
January 1, 2010
For most endangered heritage sites, the first tool required for preservation and restoration is a reliable, accurate site survey. Terrestrial LiDAR (aka 3D Laser Scanning, aka High Definition Survey) technologies provide 3D survey data that is more accurate and more economically produced than information from surveys using traditional techniques. 3D laser scan data can easily be converted to CAD and other imaging programs for conservation, management, and restoration works as well as virtual tourism, education, and information dissemination.
Laser scanning technologies are the latest development in survey documentation and recording. They employ laser beams that scan a subject, creating a cloud of accurately measured points in a matter of seconds. This raw set of data, known as a "point cloud," contains millions of measurements, accurate to millimeters or fractions of a millimeter, with each point precisely referenced with x,y,z coordinates relative to all other point locations. The point cloud can be viewed immediately upon scanning, providing the immediate visualization of the data as a 3D image. By mapping the points, an accurate 3D model can be created. Traditional methods such as tapes, theodolites and more modern technology such as total stations and GPS provide relatively slow and cumbersome methods for gathering spatial data (Addison 2001). 3D laser scanning can thus be distinguished from traditional survey by the rate at which the physical world is sampled, resulting in high definition data and, correspondingly, very large datasets.
3D laser scanning technologies can be employed to document and record a large variety and scale of objects, structures, buildings, and topographies; literally from a small exquisitely detailed sculpture to a large geo-referenced landscape. Commercially, laser scanning has been found to be very effective in the documentation of structures such as oil and chemical refineries, highways, bridges and other complex structures, producing accurate "as-built" measured drawings in very little time and with very little expense compared to traditional methods. Today, 3D scanning is growing within the Heritage field as an acceptable standard for site documentation. Immediately upon scanning, the point cloud can be used directly to visualize the subject and to accurately access measurements. In addition, the point cloud data can be processed through various software applications to create a variety of deliverables such as CAD document measured drawings, contour maps, 3D models, and animations.
Three dimensional scanning technologies are generally based on one of three methods:
• Time of Flight: A technique by which a laser pulse is emitted from the instrument and the time of flight is measured, from which the distance to the object can be determined.
• Phase Comparison: The instruments emits a stream of light with a known frequency and phase and by comparing the emitted phases to the returned phases the distance to the object can also be determined.
• Triangulation: This system utilizes two sensors which simultaneously record the reflected laser pulse and determines the dim.
For more information on the technologies commonly employed in CyArk's Digital Preservation projects, see the Related Articles below.
References:
• Addison, A.C. 2000. Emerging trends in virtual heritage, Multimedia IEEE, Volume: 7 Issue: 2, Apr-Jun 2000 Page(s): 22-25.
• Addison, A.C.; Gaiani, M. 2000. Virtualized architectural heritage: new tools and techniques, Multimedia IEEE, Volume: 7 Issue: 2 , Apr-Jun 2000, Page(s): 26-31.
• Frei, E., J. Kung and R. Bukowski. "High-Definition Surveying (HDS): A New Era in Reality Capture." International Archives of Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing, and Spatial Information Sciences, Vol XXXVI - 8/W2.
• Sternberg, H., T. Kersten, I. Jahn, and R. Kinzel. "Terrestrial 3D Laser Scanning - Data Acquisition and Object Modelling for Industrial As-Built Documentation and Architectural Applications." The International Archives of Photogrammetry, Remote Sensing and Spatial Information Sciences. Vol XXXV, Commission VII, Part B2. 2004. 942-947.
Related Articles:
Laser To Take Stock of Heritage Sites
3D Laser Scanning for Heritage
Caltrans Standards and Specifications
Heritage 3D Case Studies
'Big Data'
3D Laser Scanning Forum
Surveying
GPS Surveying
Remote Sensing
HDR PhotographyWhen Apple announced the iPhone 12 models with MagSafe charging capabilities, the first third-party MagSafe accessories were shown off during the announcement. Shortly after, Belkin officially introduced the Boost Charge Pro 3-in-1 Wireless Charger with MagSafe, which is the first official third-party MagSafe charging option.
Belkin's Boost Charge Pro MagSafe is set to be available for purchase on January 8, and ahead of the launch, I've been testing the charger to see how it performs in comparison to the standalone MagSafe charger and whether it's worth the $150 asking price.
Design wise, the Boost Charge Pro MagSafe looks similar to other Belkin 3-in-1 chargers on the market. Made from a white plastic material that's coated in a softer silicone, the Boost Charge Pro MagSafe has a circular base with an angled chrome-colored t-shaped arm coming from the top of it that houses a MagSafe charger on one side and an Apple Watch charging puck on the other.
The design looks simple and straightforward, but I do wish the circular base was a bit smaller in size or rectangular to better fit on a desk. I find the shape to be a bit awkward on my small desk because it's about 5.3 inches wide at its widest point, but given the weight of the iPhone with the angle of the charger, it probably needs a base of that size to remain upright. Both of the charging pucks are static and cannot be rotated or angled in any way, and the default angle does take up more vertical space than I'd like.
The MagSafe charger works with all of Apple's iPhone 12 models, and it is sized in such a way to allow for use in either portrait or landscape mode. Even the largest iPhone 12 Pro Max can be used in landscape mode without interfering with the Apple Watch charging puck on the other side. The magnets line up quickly and it's simple to get an iPhone right in the proper place for charging, even in the dark.
The same soft material that covers the standard MagSafe charger from Apple covers the Belkin MagSafe charger, while the Apple Watch charging puck is a smoother plastic like Apple's own charging options for Apple Watch. You can get the Boost Charge Pro MagSafe in either black or white, and there's a stickier silicone material at the bottom of the accessory to ensure that it stays in place on a desk when holding up an iPhone, plus it has a weighted base.
You'll notice that in many of my photos, the Apple Watch is at an angle, and that's because it just doesn't want to stay straight on the Apple Watch charging puck. It flips around with a nudge or when attaching/detaching an iPhone 12, but note that I have a 40mm Apple Watch. With further testing with a 44mm Apple Watch, the issue wasn't as pronounced, but it appears to vary based on Apple Watch material and band design.
The Boost Charge Pro MagSafe is fairly light, but with the sticky base I didn't have trouble with it lifting up or shifting when removing my iPhone from the charger. There is a white LED light on the top of the base that lets you know the AirPods are aligned and charging properly. It turns amber if the alignment is off or there's an object in the way. I'm not a fan of charging lights on docks because they're distracting at night, but at least this light is limited to AirPods charging.
The iPhone fits on the charger at an angle, and it's easy to see when glancing over at it on a nightstand or a desk while it's charging if you get an incoming notification or want to check the time. If you wanted to, you could also use it for FaceTime calls or watching videos in landscape mode.
Since this is a 3-in-1 charger, the base of the Boost Charge Pro MagSafe is a wireless charging platform that can accommodate the AirPods or AirPods Pro, so the Apple Watch, iPhone 12, and AirPods can all be charged at the same time. The little circular indentation on the charger directs you where to place the AirPods for charging purposes.
The Boost Charge Pro MagSafe charger can charge an iPhone 12 at up to 15W, which is the same charging speed as the standard MagSafe charger, while also providing enough power for AirPods and Apple Watch. Apple's own MagSafe Duo that pairs a MagSafe charging puck with an Apple Watch charger is limited to 14W, so Belkin's charger should be just a bit faster.
Apple's standard MagSafe charger charged iPhone 12 (from totally dead) to 61 percent in one hour with a 20W power adapter, and the Boost Charge Pro charged it to 66 percent, so it was somehow even faster than the standard charger. I'm not sure if I wasn't getting 15W charging with the Apple MagSafe charger or what, but I was happy with the Belkin charging speeds. I also did tests with three devices at once, and from dead, the Boost Charge Pro MagSafe was able to charge an iPhone 12 to 61 percent in an hour while also charging an Apple Watch and another iPhone.
Belkin provides a 40W power adapter and 1.5m cord with the Boost Charge Pro MagSafe, and that takes all the guesswork out of which power adapter you need to get the fastest speeds. Apple does not include a power adapter with either the MagSafe Charger or the MagSafe Duo. For the MagSafe Charger you need to use Apple's official 20W charger or another charger that may or may not be compatible, and for the MagSafe Duo, maximum speed requires a compatible 27W+ charger.
Trying to figure out which power adapters I can use with Apple's charging options has been a hassle, so I appreciate that Belkin has a power adapter ready to go. You can't use a third-party power adapter with this since it doesn't work over USB.
The downside to the Boost Charge Pro MagSafe is that the MagSafe charger doesn't work with older iPhones. Technically MagSafe chargers are compatible with earlier iPhones and are able to charge them at 7.5W, but Belkin's upright design relies on magnets to hold the iPhone in place, and since there are no MagSafe magnets in older iPhones, there's no viable charging option.
You can charge an older iPhone where the AirPods are meant to go, even though this charging spot has been specifically designed for AirPods because it's just a Qi-based wireless charger. This charging spot worked with an iPhone X, iPhone 11 Pro Max, iPhone 12, and iPhone 12 Pro Max, so I assume it fits most devices. Since this charging spot is aimed at AirPods, it's limited to 5W, but I found it to work perfectly for my non-iPhone 12 devices and I appreciated having the option.
While on the subject of compatibility, you can use the Boost Charge Pro MagSafe with MagSafe cases. I tested with Apple's MagSafe cases and it worked fine. I don't have non-MagSafe cases to test, but Belkin says that it is specifically designed to work with MagSafe-certified cases.
Bottom Line
If you're looking for a multi-device charger for an iPhone 12, this is the one to get. It works with any iPhone 12 model the Apple Watch, and the AirPods, and at $150, it's just $30 more expensive than the foldable MagSafe Duo.
The MagSafe Duo is the better choice for travel, but for a charger that you plan to use at home, the Boost Charge Pro MagSafe is a functional, attractive multi-device charger that works as expected. I have no real complaints about the Belkin MagSafe charger, and given that it works with three devices, allows for upright operation, and comes with a power adapter, I much prefer it to the MagSafe Duo.
How to Buy
The Boost Charge Pro 3-in-1 Wireless Charger with MagSafe can be purchased from Apple for $139.95.
Note: Belkin provided MacRumors with a Boost Charge Pro 3-in-1 Wireless Charger with MagSafe for the purpose of this review. No other compensation was received.
Article Link: Review: Belkin's 3-in-1 Boost Charge Pro Offers Hassle-Free 15W MagSafe Charging for iPhone 12
Last edited:Bay of Islands: Shore Excursion with Kawiti Glowworm Caves
- Duration: 5.5 hours
FromUS$ 112.55
per person
FromUS$ 112.55
per person
FromUS$ 20.46
per person
FromUS$ 108.46
per person
Want to discover all there is to do in Paihia? Click here for a full list..
Fantastic value. A great mix of relaxation and excitement. Traveled over 100km visiting historic sites, searching for wildlife, boom netting for kids and stopping at a beach for lunch. The crew are professional, incredibly friendly, helpful and the stories they tell as you travel are immensely interesting and informative.
we had an excellent day.. the weather wasnt fantastic but the crew were great.. great to see so many dolphins. Guide was awesome, making sure we saw plenty of sight seeing things
Great excursion, had enough time at each stop point and the driver was very knowledgeable. the driver was also flexible to our needs.
Great experience, highly recommend. Pleasant crew that encouraged everyone to make the most of the experienceWe present both necessary and sufficient conditions for a convex closed shape such that for every convex function the average integral over the shape does not exceed the average integral over its boundary.
It is proved that this inequality holds for
Keywords
- Shapes
- Platonic shapes
- sphere
- ball
- Jensen’s inequalityReal Results – Before & After Juvederm Lip Filler
If you care about the way you look and your outward appearance, you know how important it is to care for your face. After all, it’s one of the first things we notice about others. Frequently, it’s the first thing they notice about us as well. The lips are a big part of what makes for a balanced and beautiful facial structure. But over time, your lips may lose volume. Meanwhile, other women simply may have been born with naturally thin lips. However, you don’t have to take it lying down. You don’t have to settle. There’s an answer – Juvederm lip filler.
What is Juvederm Lip Filler?
Juvederm is a lip filler solution commonly used in facial cosmetic treatments used to improve signs of aging, restore facial contours, and plump sagging or thin lips. This lip filler works by adding volume to the facial tissue. Utilizing the natural substance hyaluronic acid, Juvederm stimulates the production of the connective tissue collagen. It was approved by the FDA in 2006 and has been improving the lives and facial features of women all over the world.
Typically this hyaluronic acid-based filler is used on the lips, cheeks, and areas surrounding the patient’s mouth. Most Juvederm injections take approximately 15-60 minutes to complete. This all depends on the amount of work your physician must perform. Frequently, patients notice results immediately following their procedure. They can expect the results to last upwards of two years before a follow-up procedure is necessary.
If you’ve tried serums, creams, and various plumping products without success, it may be time for you to see Doctor Mac and book your Juvederm lip filler consultation. He’ll help you determine if Juvederm is right for you. Finally, if you’d like to learn more about Juvederm lip fillers, you can visit their official website.
Before & After Juvederm Lip Filler
Below are some real before and after images of a Juvederm lip filler procedure performed here at FACE of Beverly Hills. The results speak for themselves. Notice in the “before” image that the patient’s lips are thin and uneven. They fail to accent that region of the patient’s face and give a narrow appearance as well. Additionally, facial folds are present around the mouth due to aging.
However, with the introduction of Juvederm, the patient now has full, luscious, perky lips. Additionally, the indentations on the sides of the lips have decreased in size. Furthermore, and best of all, this patient’s lips look completely natural. You’ll be shocked! Plumper lips make a huge difference. Smiles will be bigger, brighter, and more radiant. You’ll glow with happiness and confidence. The results will truly exceed your expectations.
With hyaluronic acid Juvederm lip filler, Doctor Mac can help you regain lost lip volume and highlight your natural beauty. You’ll love how Juvederm lip filler plumps and accentuates your lips. It’s the perfect way to … If you’re looking for an easy way to look and feel your very best, choose a Juvederm lip filler in-office procedure at FACE of Beverly Hills.
Only you’ll know that you’ve had the procedure done. But trust us. Others will notice the subtle but enchanting change in your facial features. They’ll be drawn to your beautiful lips and wonder what you did to enhance your look. Finally, you’ll be delighted with the results. With a lip filler procedure, you’ll notice an improved sense of self-esteem and an increase in confidence. So what are you waiting for? Come give it a try today!
CHOOSE DR. MAC FOR YOUR JUVEDERM PROCEDURE
Dr. McCoy Lee Moretz, a renowned Beverly Hills cosmetic surgeon, welcomes you to a new standard of professionalism and surgical skill. If you’re looking for a Juvederm lip filler injection in Beverly Hills, Dr. Mac Moretz has the skills and knowledge to make it happen..- Name
- Description
- Cat#
- Pricings
- Quantity
About RAD51:
RAD51 is a gene that controls a cell's ability to repair damage to DNA. It does this by binding to single-stranded DNA and helping it form a double helix, which is the necessary first step in the process of replication. RAD51 is part of an important family of genes called recombinases, which allow for precise copying and pasting of genetic material.
The best-known recombinase is probably encoded by the chicken (or avian) papillomavirus (CPV). This virus inserts its genome into that of its host cell and needs RAD51's ability to copy itself before infecting new cells. It is often shared with TRAD, which has the potential to aid with DNA binding. It has been found in all known living organisms, from bacteria to humans.
RAD51 Function
The RAD51 gene's protein product is a key component of DNA repair, which is how our cells maintain their stability and prevent mutations from accumulating. In the event that the cell does sustain damage to its DNA, such as occurs from ultraviolet radiation or certain chemicals, this protein then aids in repairing the damage.
RAD51 Interaction
RAD51 directly interacts with XRCC3, which is a protein that helps RAD51 bind more strongly to the broken strands of DNA; XRCC5, which is another protein RAD51 relies on for strand alignment; CDK6, which prevents the cell from committing suicide when it detects a chromosome break; and PARP1, which repairs damage caused by radiation exposure.
RAD51 Structure
RAD51 consists of two alpha-helices and three beta-strands. This is an important structure as it assists in DNA repair. It does this by binding to both single-stranded and double-stranded DNA molecules and then interacting with other proteins to form a helicase which unwinds the DNA for repair.
RAD51 Mechanism
While its mechanism isn't fully understood, it is thought that to deal with breaks and other errors in our DNA, since we have cells that are constantly searching for a way to fix them. When they find one, they move on it quickly, like a band-aid pulled off quickly or a zipper unzipped quickly. There are two different types of errors that can be repaired: insertion/deletion loops and nucleotide mismatches - which can be thought of as broken.The aim of this research was to examine antibiotics accessible to patients with out a prescription, a phenomenon on the internet. Numerous kinds of antibiotics resembling azithromycin have been employed for the prevention and treatment of bacterial co-infection and secondary bacterial infections in patients with a viral respiratory infection (e.g., SARS-CoV-2). In a study completed on Japanese patients, it was discovered that by attaining a single digit IOP via trabeculectomy, there was a delay in development of visual function defect in these who have progressive regular tension glaucoma. Various research have demonstrated the efficacy of trabeculectomy in lowering the IOP. Nevertheless, with the advancement of know-how and new strategies evolving in trabeculectomy process, the complications are minimized and are dealt with effectively in case they seem. The complications are typically serious. Indian Real property market continued to be boring with economic system under tension in 2013. The Nest AndheriAn glorious diploma of political uncertainty, liquidity points, excessive interest rates and rising value of dwelling trigger adownturn of actual property sector. This fad is regardless of a typical property cost surge of fifty per cent, all through India, over the past 4 years and a restriction on 80:20systems for property investments by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI).The property market of Bangalore shows up to be probably the most eye-catching in present issues, as it is experiencing solid growth and with higher inventory (it will certainly take approximately twoyears for the inventory to clear) and subsequently, an investor can protect a deal at a desirable worth.
The difficulty that comes up as an end result of this decline in value is that your car insurance company will usually just pay the current market value of the automobile have to you create it off. Particularly because explicit collectors could possibly be going to pay tons of of 1000’s of bucks for aged automobiles that may haven’t any actual worth baseding on insurance enterprise. Regardless of if they’re only planning so as to add some flowers to their gardens or have more ambitious tasks in mind, your clients will love the interactivity and design potentialities special landscaping software program brings. Bangles included in the Kate Spade jewelry assortment. Try to avail discounts on shipping by ordering your favourite Kate Spade handbag and shoes together with your jewelry items, as many online stores offer free transport if the order quantity exceeds a certain restrict. The surgical procedure is regarded as the Gold Standard within the management of intra-ocular stress when other measures to carry down the stress, akin to medications or laser surgical procedure, doesn’t supply satisfactory outcomes. What features ought to a yard design program provide?
Before choosing an IT product to satisfy your client’s landscaping needs, you need to know the way to recognize good yard design software program. Have you integrated yard design software program in your website? Sure old or unusual cars couldn’t have an excessive amount of genuine value, however to lovers they can be helpful. Monitor Pet Food – Rodents love access to pet food and water, so in case you suppose you will have an issue in your house, make sure that you don’t depart food or water out for them to get to. Lastly, in India though we get exhausting water equipped in most parts of the nation and therefore it is advisable to go for RO water purifiers. Gap Insurance Comparison may cowl this shortfall – it could actually cowl the Gap Insurance Quote in between the settlement you receive out of your automobile insurance coverage company. The corporate is said to be “struggling” with this course of, however, and has not made a lot progress on the efforts over current years. However, ovarian most cancers is acknowledged as an unusual complication of lengthy-term hormone substitute therapy in the put up-menopausal. However, they can carry risks when used for a long time.
At any one time in a reasonably extreme CTS some nerve fibres will be completely normal, some might be partly and some wholly demyelinated however still working, some will be ‘on strike’, and some can be dead. There are a number of the reason why you should select our service and get our London escorts. Private Medical Insurance Quotes is considered essentially the most beneficial what you need to get hold of completed with and others receive masses of benefits from might Medical Insurance consideration and so technique. Such a shower enclosure has plenty of therapeutic benefits for each you and your family, so you may want to start trying into steam shower enclosures and buy one. Time to Seal – In the event you actually need to maintain rodents out this winter, you’re going to need to do an incredible job of sealing up your private home to keep them out. All of us want so as to add that omg level within the decorum of the building primarily a industrial company owner.Description
This 100% cotton woven throw is essential for adventures with your Wandering Folk picnic rug. Keep you and your picnic company snuggly from sunrise to sunset, at the beach, around the fire & while gazing at the stars. Vintage inspired woven design with mustard fringing
Details & Care
100% Cotton
140cm x 170cm
Brown Woven Hand Carry Strap Included
R.E.A.C.H Compliance - free from harmful chemicals
Gentle Cold Machine Wash Separately
No Tumble Dry
No Bleach
Medium Iron
People + Planet
R.E.A.C.H Compliance - free from harmful chemicals
Size & Fit
140cm x 170cmBack from a lovely vacation in Illinois! So beautiful there, and nice and cool this time of year. No thunderstorms while we were there, unfortunately. : – (
But I had two more days off after we returned so I was able to finish the foyer two story chandelier! It looks great! It is not identical to the inspiration chandelier. That one was made entirely of chains. Mine is a mix of chains along with strings of crystal beads alternating with silver beads, and it is illuminated with dollhouse Christmas lights.
Here is the inspiration chandelier (sorry the shot is enlarged and is fuzzy):
As you can see, it is all made of chain.
Here’s mine, with the shot taken lit up but with the full size lamps outside the house turned off (notice the Xmas lights in the chandelier aren’t very bright):
I really like the look.
Here’s another shot using exterior room lights as well as the dollhouse lights:
Yes, the stairs still need to be painted (stringers) and stained (treads), but I will just wrap the chandelier up in a plastic bag when I do this.
The false ceiling with the pot lights is now installed under the roof level of the foyer. Once the floors and ceilings are all in, I will add wood tape to cover the raw edges of the floors/ceilings.
It’s moving along pretty well.
I will say that stringing all the beads and otherwise making the chandelier was very time consuming, and expensive. I could have saved a lot of money using clear plastic beads instead of the crystal, but I tried that and it just did not have the sparkle I wanted. Bling, please! Amazon helped me with the prices, thankfully. I found some reasonably good deals for the crystal and mixed them with round silver beads to help with the sparkle while reducing the overall cost.
I have some housekeeping things to do, which I’ll probably do next, including reworking how I have installed the drop ceilings. Then I’ll start on the stacked stone fireplace, followed by the kitchen cabinetry, appliances and countertops.
After that, probably the shower in the bathroom, and the floating vanity, both of which I will be making myself.You can enable CAPTCHA technology in Community Central to protect your blog site from attacks by spam bots.
When CAPTCHA is enabled, blog readers who want to comment on a post must type the characters that appear in a randomly-generated image to prove they are “human”. If the characters do not match, the comment is not accepted.
See also:“I enjoy devising creative solutions which facilitates a transaction and furthers the company’s vision to continue to grow.”
As Corporate Counsel, Kyra works directly with the company’s CEO, CFO, and the development team on all real estate and contractual matters.
Licensed Attorney in Indiana
U.S. District Court, Southern District of Indiana
IndyBar Association
LEED® Green Associate – United States Green Building Council
USGBC Indiana – Central Chapter
IndyCREW
Leadership Indianapolis
Stanley K. Lacy Executive Leadership Series – Class XXXVI
United Way of Central Indiana Executive Women’s Leadership Series
Women’s Fund of Central Indiana OPTIONS – Class XXIII
FBI Indianapolis Citizens’ Academy
Starfish Initiative
Dress for Success
Butler University Young Alumni Board of Directors
Kyra enjoys attending concerts, traveling, and hot air ballooning.
While in private practice, Kyra handled complex real estate transactions including acquisition and disposition of commercial real estate, development, financing, leasing, and land use. Prior to law school, Kyra worked as a bank examiner for the Indiana Department of Financial Institutions.
Barnes & Thornburg LLP (Indianapolis, IN)
Partner
Indiana Department of Financial Institutions (Indianapolis, IN)
Bank Examiner
Doctor of Jurisprudence
Indiana University School of Law – Indianapolis, IN
Graduated manga cum laude
Bachelor of Science - Business Administration
Butler University – Indianapolis, IN
Graduated cum laude and with High Honors in FinanceExperience a high level of options if you need a customizable ERP or CRM system.
Automated offer creation and archiving of documentation, defining all types of customer discounts, planning campaigns with an integrated calendar and creating invoices directly from the project
Have less stress and more productivity with Toscana ERP system for Agencies.
See pricelist
Within agencies, things are going really fast, clients are getting more and more demanding, each of them requires complete attention and quick reactions. In order to satisfy clients, agencies often resort to multiple types of marketing tools to facilitate their day-to-day tasks. However, in most cases this becomes a problem after a while because no matter how good these individual tools are, the information is not in one place.
We have developed the Toscana Digital Agency system, which is fully tailored to the needs of marketing and digital advertising agencies. All customer information is in one place, all incoming inquiries are centralized, extremely fast creating offers and keeping track of complete clients conversations with reminders greatly facilitates and accelerates day-to-day tasks. Direct calling and emailing are automatically recorded in the client card and accessible from any location to stay up to date with the latest information. Fulfill difficult client requirements with ease as all project parameters can be modified subsequently.
Most importantly, Toscana doesn't let you forget about the client and it does it the easy way.
Regular updates and new features of the program are free of charge FOREVER.
Option to design modules according to your requirements.Listings for Sale - 4,644 properties
Search homes for sale in North Miami with GLORIA HOYOS REALTORS! Find all the latest real estate listings in North Miami including homes, duplexes, multi-family, condos and commercial properties for sale and for lease. Book your appointment with our top North Miami REALTOR GLORIA HOYOS now!
When you are ready to buy a North Miami home please request to finance your new home purchase with our expert mortgage brokers in North M!- Letter to the Editor
- Open Access
- Published:
Efficacy of probiotics in the prevention of diarrhea in ventilated critically ill ICU patients: meta-analysis of randomized control trials
Journal of Intensive Care volume 9, Article number: 62 (2021)
471 Accesses
-
Abstract
We comment on the study by Batra et al. on the efficacy of probiotics in the prevention of ventilator-associated pneumonia in critically ill ICU patients. They also reported that probiotics administration was not associated with a statistically significant reduction in the incidence of diarrhea (OR 0.59; CI 0.34, 1.03; P = 0.06; I2 = 38%). However, their meta-analysis missed one RCT, and when we repeated the analysis including this RCT, we found that probiotics administration significantly reduced the incidence of diarrhea (OR 0.51; CI 0.28, 0.92; P = 0.02; I2 = 45.6%). We thus believe that probiotics administration is effective in reducing the incidence of diarrhea in ventilated critically ill ICU patients.
Dear Editor,
We read with interest the recently published article ‘Efficacy of probiotics in the prevention of VAP in critically ill intensive care unit (ICU) patients: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized control trials’ by Batra et al. [1] They showed that the administration of probiotics reduced the incidence of ventilator-associated pneumonia (VAP), the duration of mechanical ventilation, length of ICU stay, and in-hospital mortality, but that it was not associated with a statistically significant reduction in the incidence of diarrhea (odds ratio [OR] 0.59; confidence interval [CI] 0.34, 1.03; P = 0.06; I2 = 38%).
Probiotics are live non-pathogenic microbes that reduce bacterial translocation by activating mucosal immunity. Probiotics increase short-chain fatty acids and suppress systemic inflammatory response by stabilizing the gut microbiota [2]. The immune system’s T cells and B cells are influenced by the microbiota and could be related to immune-related and miscellaneous diseases [3]. This mechanism might indicate the importance of maintaining the gut microbiota by probiotics to help suppress VAP. Therefore, it is presumed that the incidence of diarrhea would also decrease. In our past propensity study, probiotics reduced the incidence of both diarrhea and VAP [4].
We scrutinized the nine randomized controlled trial papers examined in the Batra et al. review article and identified an issue. The incidence of diarrhea of Shimizu et al. [5] was not included in the meta-analysis by Batra et al. [1]. In that paper, enteritis was defined as the acute onset of continuous liquid stools for more than 12 h. The incidence of enteritis was significantly lower in the probiotics administration group than that in the control group (6.3% vs. 27.0%; P < 0.05).
Therefore, we reassessed the meta-analysis by adding the Shimizu et al. paper [5] to the four papers included in the Batra et al. paper that examined diarrhea. As a result, five studies reported diarrhea in 526 patients (264 in the probiotic arm and 262 in the placebo arm). We found that the administration of probiotics significantly reduced the incidence of diarrhea (OR 0.51; CI 0.28, 0.92; P = 0.02; I2 = 45.6%), as shown in the Fig. 1.
This result indicated an effect of probiotics on reducing diarrhea in ventilator-treated patients. Probiotics have been reported to reduce infectious complications related to postoperative complications [6] and trauma [7] and to reduce Clostridium difficile infection induced by antibiotics [8]. The mechanism is thought to be maintenance of immunity by stabilizing the gut microbiota. Patients who require mechanical ventilation are also at high risk of deterioration of their intestinal bacterial flora due to critical illness such as sepsis and the administration of antibiotics [9], which could induce diarrhea and VAP. In fact, the administration of probiotics for such conditions induced significant production of acetic acid, a metabolite of total obligate anaerobes and gut microbiota [2]. It is reasonable that the maintenance of the gut microbiota not only reduces VAP, but also contributes to a reduction of diarrhea. We thus believe that the administration of probiotics is effective in reducing the incidence of diarrhea in ventilated critically ill ICU patients.
Availability of data and materials
Not applicable.
Abbreviations
- CI:
Confidence interval
- ICU:
Intensive care unit
- OR:
Odds ratio
- VAP:
Ventilator-associated pneumonia
References
- 1.
Batra P, Soni KD, Mathur P. Efficacy of probiotics in the prevention of VAP in critically ill ICU patients: an updated systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized control trials. J Intensive Care. 2020;8:81.
- 2..
- 3.
Honda K, Littman DR. The microbiota in adaptive immune homeostasis and disease. Nature. 2016;535(7610):75–84.
- 4.
Shimizu K, Ogura H, Kabata D, Shintani A, Tasaki O, Ojima M, et al. Association of prophylactic synbiotics with reduction in diarrhea and pneumonia in mechanically ventilated critically ill patients: a propensity score analysis. J Infect Chemother. 2018;24(10):795–801.
- 5.
Shimizu K, Yamada T, Ogura H, Mohri T, Kiguchi T, Fujimi S, et al. Synbiotics modulate gut microbiota and reduce enteritis and ventilator-associated pneumonia in patients with sepsis: a randomized controlled trial. Crit Care. 2018;22(1):239.
- 6.
Wu XD, Liu MM, Liang X, Hu N, Huang W. Effects of perioperative supplementation with pro-/synbiotics on clinical outcomes in surgical patients: a meta-analysis with trial sequential analysis of randomized controlled trials. Clin Nutr. 2018;37(2):505–15.
- 7.
Gu WJ, Deng T, Gong YZ, Jing R, Liu JC. The effects of probiotics in early enteral nutrition on the outcomes of trauma: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials. JPEN J Parenter Enteral Nutr. 2013;37(3):310–7.
- 8.
Goldenberg JZ, Mertz D, Johnston BC. Probiotics to prevent Clostridium difficile infection in patients receiving antibiotics. JAMA. 2018;320(5):499–500.
- 9.
Ojima M, Shimizu K, Motooka D, Ishihara T, Nakamura S, Shintani A et al. Gut dysbiosis associated with antibiotics and disease severity and its relation to mortality in critically Ill patients. Dig Dis Sci. 2021;1–13..
Acknowledgements
Not applicable.
Funding
The study was supported by the Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS) KAKENHI Grant Number 19H037izu, K., Hirose, T. & Ogura, H. Efficacy of probiotics in the prevention of diarrhea in ventilated critically ill ICU patients: meta-analysis of randomized control trials. j intensive care 9, 62 (2021).
Received:
Accepted:
Published:
DOI:
Keywords
- Intensive care
- Enteritis
- Stool
- Diarrhea
- Probiotics
- Mechanical ventilators
- Critical careRecently transitioned from the EDM scene, this Canadian singer and songwriter is now making waves with her newly adopted R&B and pop blend. She’s had many songs placed in movies and on TV shows, like Degrassi and on Hallmark. Her new sound has been compared to artists such as Ariana Grande and Kiana Ledé. She debuted her rich, soulful sound with the single “Ooh” earlier this year.
Her debut EP encapsulates the span of a relationship that eventually turns sour. The title track uses a melancholic melody and emotive lyricism to reminisce about a lost love. With a shimmering synth and electronic handclaps setting the scene, it’s the creamy rhythm and the sirenic voice of this wistful enchantress that adds a beguiling and esoteric vibe to this captivating and bewitching euphony.
Twitter | Instagram | Facebook | Website | iTunesNamespace: Meta.Numerics.StatisticsNamespace: Meta.Numerics.Statistics
public static TestResult StudentTTest( this IReadOnlyCollection<double> sample, double referenceMean )
<ExtensionAttribute> Public Shared Function StudentTTest ( sample As IReadOnlyCollection(Of Double), referenceMean As Double ) As TestResult
public: [ExtensionAttribute] static TestResult^ StudentTTest( IReadOnlyCollection<double>^ sample, double referenceMean )
[<ExtensionAttribute>] static member StudentTTest : sample : IReadOnlyCollection<float> * referenceMean : float -> TestResult
The test statistic of Student's t-test is the difference between the sample mean and the reference mean, measured in units of the sample mean uncertainty. Under the null hypothesis that the sample was drawn from a normally distributed population with the given reference mean, this statistic can be shown to follow a Student distribution (StudentDistribution). If t is far from zero, with correspondingly small left or right tail probability, then the sample is unlikely to have been drawn from a population with the given reference mean.
Because the distribution of a t-statistic assumes a normally distributed population, this test should only be used only on sample data compatible with a normal distribution. The sign test (SignTest(IReadOnlyCollectionDouble, Double)) is a non-parametric alternative that can be used to test the compatibility of the sample median with an assumed population median.
In some country, the legal limit blood alcohol limit for drivers is 80 on some scale. Because they have noticed that the results given by their measuring device fluctuate, the police perform three separate measurements on a suspected drunk driver. They obtain the results 81, 84, and 93. They argue that, because all three results exceed the limit, the court should be very confident that the driver's blood alcohol level did, in fact, exceed the legal limit. You are the driver's lawyer. Can you make an argument to that the court shouldn't be so sure?
Here is some code that computes the probability of obtaining such high measured values, assuming that the true level is exactly 80.
What level of statistical confidence do you think should a court require in order to pronounce a defendant guilty?
You have finished a fantastic vacancy. I bequeath definitely plunge it plus personally suggest to my buddys. I am sure they endow be benefited from this position
Posted by Marble Top Coffee Table, 19/05/2015 8:31pm (3 days ago)
The next second I understand a blog, I prospect that it doesnt defeat me as many as this unit. I vile, I comprehend it was my candidate to predict, however I indeed opinion you hold something fascinating to pronounce. Many I heed is a clump of whining about something that you could tamper if you werent furthermore working looking for notice
Posted by nulled scripts, 19/05/2015 8:09pm (3 days ago)
Really, this point is truly unit of the really exceed in the chronicle of reports. I am a vintage 'Column' collector also I formers show quantity untried compositions if I discover them remarkable. Besides I discovered this unique attractive alluring further it should go toward my store. Truly nice process
Posted by How to be happy, 18/05/2015 9:09am (5 days ago)
This is a fantastic website and I can not recommend you guys enough. I really appreciate your post. It is very helpful for all the people on the web.
Posted by babymonitorreviewed.org, 14/05/2015 8:06am (9 days ago)
I was very impressed by this post, this site has always been pleasant news Thank you very much for such an interesting post, and I meet them more often then I visited this site.
Posted by nosetrimmerreview.com, 14/05/2015 6:04am (9 days ago)
This was really an interesting topic and I kinda agree with what you have mentioned here!
Posted by backlinks, 08/05/2015 9:37am (15 days ago)
Whats up – very good web log, really searching various blogging, would seem to be a truly attractive stage you may be utilising. I’m previously utilising WordPress for three in a blogging though interested in shift one up to an important stage very much like your business opportunity to provide a sample operated. All sorts of things get hold of you might encourage to sort it out?
Posted by forskolin extract, 08/05/2015 3:26am (15 days ago)
I must say, I thought this was a pretty interesting read when it comes to this topic. Liked the material. . .
Posted by, 07/05/2015 10:54pm (15 days ago)
Thats a superb site, thanks a ton to get informing people investigate them.
Posted by new mom gifts, 29/04/2015 12:34am (24 days ago)
Incredible posting this is from you. I am really and truly thrilled to read this marvelous post. You've really impressed me today. I hope you'll continue to do so!
Posted by, 25/04/2015 1:46am (28 days ago)
RSS feed for comments on this page | RSS feed for all commentsConsultation on the note of issues raised
at the Committee on Senedd Reform’s stakeholder event on the
capacity of the Senedd:
Response from an individual via online questionnaire – February 2020
Response: agree with the assessment above. The National Assembly has done tremendously well to absorb and adapt to a great deal of constitutional change that involved both significant structural changes but also a broadening and deepening of its powers and competencies. It has done so by strengthening the provision supporting the work of the Assembly Members and the work of committees. However, at the core of the representative Welsh democracy should sit the quality of deliberation done by its elected representatives. This deliberation should be driven and enriched by politicians and only supported by officials, experts and civil servants. Evidence has pointed out that by any measure (see the regional authority index for instance), the Assembly's size is under what international benchmarks show as standard floor capacity. And even though the Assembly has a track record of versatility and fast institutional learning, the challenges it faces in the next few years are inseparably more complex and problematic than ever before (Brexit, nationalist populism in and from England, devolution of justice, etc). The Expert Panel's compelling evidence and arguments for a 90 Member Assembly should be taken into real consideration.
Response: The above is a fair
statement. The Assembly is essentially a very institution to that
established in 1999. All main functions of the Assembly (scrutiny,
law making, tax raising and representation) are likely to be tested
in the next few years by Brexit, devolution of justice and the
changing nature of the Union. However, I would like to raise
another point here. This is linked with the representational role
of the Assembly. One of the main challenges in the Assembly
deploying this role is tackling the endemic information deficit,
political disaffection and disenchantment. This makes Welsh
devolved democracy vulnerable. Sentiments around the Assembly
operating in a 'Cardiff Bubble' are counter to the devolution
aspirations of inclusivity and shaping a new kind of politics in
Wales, essentially different from Westminster. Antidevolutionist
sentiments capitalising on the media and information deficit in
Wales may prove real challenges in the future.
Issue 3: Assembly Committees
Response: Some fair observations here. This is a typical case of structure vs. strategy. The small size of the Assembly has constrained the strategic choices available to the Assembly in what regards its operation (of it committees for instance), and its focus (legislative burden my take time away from committees that want to engage in more 'out of the box' type of inquiries). It is generally accepted that successful organisations let strategy determine their structure - that is they can adapt and fine tune their structure and operation according to their overall strategic intent. Organisations that are constrained by their own limited capacity (structures of resources) may be resilient, may be great at streamlining and adapting, but ultimately their ability to set their aspirations and goals at strategic level are hindered and limited by size, for instance.
Response: The above is a fair assessment as well. Pressure on Assembly members' time and on committees may impede more meaningful engagement with a wider and diverse range of stakeholders. With the franchise being extended to 16 and 17 year olds, more effort will need to be paid to make a success of this and really galvanise young people to engage in the democratic process. This is not only a matter for the individual members but also an important matter for the Assembly collectively and in fact for the entire Welsh political class and associated political institutions (including at local level).
Response: A fair comment and assessment. Official support cannot replace deliberation of political elected representatives and they cannot over rely on advice and support. A better integration of and access to experts is something that can help, but again, ultimately, the democratic deliberation will be influences both by how big the pool of talent among members is (i.e. size) and by the calibre of those members.
Response: small number do affect the nature and quality of relationships within an organisation.Posts in tag
Blechmann Project
Custom Eye Candy: A Sci-Fi Enthusiast Gets His Hands on a BMW R nineT
 …Contents
- 1 What's Casinoly?
- 2 Casinoly Bonus Offers
- 3 Casinoly Casino Games
- 4 Casinoly Sports Betting
- 5 Deposit and Cashout Methods
- 6 Casinoly Customer Service
- 7 Findings
- 8 FAQs
- 8.1 Who does own Casinoly Casino?
- 8.2 Is there a Casinoly Loyalty Scheme?
- 8.3 Does Casinoly offer a VIP program?
- 8.4 Is there a minimum withdrawal amount at Casinoly?
- 8.5 Are UK players allowed to play on the Casinoly platform?
- 8.6 Does Casinoly offer a bonus for new players?
- 8.7 Do the Casinoly deposits and withdrawals have additional fees?
- 8.8 What is the deposit process at Casinoly?
- 8.9 What is the requirement for the Welcome Bonus at Casinoly?
- 8.10 Does Casinoly offer a live casino feature?
- 8.11 What banking providers are offered at Casinoly?
- 8.12 Related Posts:
What's Casinoly?
Authorized with a Curacao gaming license, Casinoly entered the online gaming scene in September 2021. Owned by Radibi N.V., Casinoly provides a user-friendly platform with a minimalist color scheme. The relevant information is easy to access, including the basic terms and conditions.
The registration process is quick and straightforward. Once you have clicked on the link, then click on the casino’s red “sign up” button. Provide your personal information, email, and password. When registered on the platform, you can obtain 200 free spins and a €500 welcome bonus pack. Read on!
Casinoly Bonus Offers
Casinoly offers a wide range of bonuses, including a registration bonus and frequent offers for loyal players. The welcome bonus gives players free spins and bonus cash. The bonus money equates to a 100% bonus up to €500 and a total of 200 free spins. However, there is a wagering requirement. The bonus needs to be wagered 40 times. Additional terms and conditions might be included.
There is also a weekly bonus, and a reload bonus of 50% bonus up to €700 and 50 free spins. Players will receive regular emails highlighting new promotions for free spins and bonus money. Additional advertising is also uploaded on the website.
Casinoly’s VIP program allows a 5% to 15% cashback on a player’s net losses up to a maximum of €3000. The program also includes increased withdrawal limits, a personal support manager, and tickets to gaming events.
Casinoly Casino Games
Nearly 60 gaming providers are included on the Casinoly platform. There is a wide variety of games for players with two game lobbies, viz. casino and sportsbook. The sportsbook offers a multitude of local and global sporting events. The casino consists of 3,500 games provided by renowned software developers such as:
- Quickspin
- Ezugi
- NetEnt
- Betsoft
- Pragmatic Play
- Evolution Gaming
- Big Time Gaming
- Elk Studios
- Microgaming
- iSoftBet
- Blueprint
- GameArt
- Thunderkick
- and 50+ more!
The variety of casino games include slots, table games, progressive jackpots, and live casino. Casinoly offers players popular titles such as Gonzo’s Quest and Book of the Dead.
Poker, Roulette, Baccarat, Blackjack are included on the platform. Casino Hold’em Poker and American Blackjack are popular choices. Evolution Gaming develops the live dealer section. Super Sic Bo, Monopoly Live, and Deal or No Deal are part of this collection.
Casinoly offers a desktop and mobile version of their casino. There is no available mobile app, but most of the gaming collection is also available via a mobile device. The mobile platform is user-friendly in most aspects, although the banking options are limited.
RNGs (Random Number Generators) and high-quality encryption technology ensure the games on offer run fairly for players.
Casinoly Sports Betting
The Casinoly Sportsbook provides 30+ sports betting options. e-Sports, golf, darts, football, and boxing are some of the sports on offer. Players have more than 100 betting options for the different matches. Betting can also occur on live games that have already begun. There is a separate horse racing section. Players have the option of betting on horse races and greyhound races.
There is a sports betting welcome offer with a 100% match deposit bonus up to €100 if you make a minimum deposit of €20. This promotional offer is not available to players using Neteller and Skrill deposits.
Deposit and Cashout Methods
Casinoly provides the following choice of payment options, including cryptocurrency:
- Mastercard
- Visa
- PaySafeCard
- eWallets
- Neteller
- Skrill
- Mifinity
- eZeeWallet
- Bank Transfer
- Bitcoin
- Litecoin
While there is a minimum deposit of €10 for most payment options, cryptocurrency has a minimum deposit of €20.
If players choose the welcome bonus package, a €20 deposit is required. The withdrawal procedure is straightforward. Proceed to your account on the platform, click on ‘withdraw,’ and type in your withdrawal total. Apart from Mastercard, which has a withdrawal limit of €2000, the usual minimum withdrawal can range from €10 to €5000. There are no additional transaction fees involved. Skrill and Neteller payments are issued immediately after approval. Visa payments can take up to three working days. Cryptocurrency bitcoin offers instant withdrawals.
Casinoly Customer Service
Casinoly customer support is available 24/7. Contact can be made via email ([email protected]) or live chat. A variety of languages are supported, including:
- German
- Norwegian
- Finnish
- Russian
- Portuguese
- Czech
- Italian
- Polish
- Spanish
- Hungarian
Findings
Although Casinoly is still a fledgling casino, it already offers a wide selection of gaming titles provided by well-known software developers. The secure platform also includes a live casino, a decent welcome bonus, and standard wagering requirements. Their customer support options are impressive with around-the-clock assistance. Payment methods are varied and include cryptocurrency. However, if you are based in a restricted country, you won’t be permitted to register on the platform.
FAQs
Who does own Casinoly Casino?
The website is under Rabidi N.V.'s management and it holds a valid gaming licence from Curacao (8048/JAZ). Please note that this company also operates other good online casinos, eg. Boomerang Casino, 5Gringos Casino and 7Signs Casino.
Is there a Casinoly Loyalty Scheme?
Yes. The loyalty scheme allows players to bet on games, take part in weekly tournaments and other challenges. The points accumulated can be swapped for free bets, bonus money, and extra spins.
Does Casinoly offer a VIP program?
Yes. It is a five-tiered VIP program. Players will be invited to join the program if they meet the requirements.
Is there a minimum withdrawal amount at Casinoly?
Yes. The minimum withdrawal depends on your chosen method of payment. The smallest withdrawal amount ranges from €10 to €25.
Are UK players allowed to play on the Casinoly platform?
No. Casinoly does not have a UK license. It is currently licensed in Curacao.
Does Casinoly offer a bonus for new players?
Yes. After registering, players are eligible for the welcome bonus.
Do the Casinoly deposits and withdrawals have additional fees?
No. Players do not pay transaction fees for deposit and withdrawal methods.
What is the deposit process at Casinoly?
Register for an account on the platform. Log in and click on “My Account.” Click “Deposit,” select a payment method, and enter the chosen amount for your deposit.
What is the requirement for the Welcome Bonus at Casinoly?
You need to be over the age of 18 to register at Casinoly. Once you have made a deposit, you are eligible for the welcome bonus and free spins.
Does Casinoly offer a live casino feature?
Yes. There is a live casino option for Casinoly players.
What banking providers are offered at Casinoly?
A wide variety of banking methods are offered for deposits and withdrawals. E.g., Visa, Mastercard, eWallets, PaySafecard, Bitcoin, Litecoin.Kalo Make Art Gift Card
Regular price $100.00
$0.00
Unit price
per
Kalo Make Art Gift Card is available and can be used for purchasing calligraphy workshops and supplies:
You will receive the digital gift card via email with an immediate download upon the purchase. Gift card is valid for 6 months from the date of purchase.
- HK$100
- HK$300
- HK$500
- HK$700 - suitable for 1.5 hour BEGINNER workshop
- HK$950 - suitable for 3 hours BEGINNER workshopAri Levin: With this new benefit, the bonus points are based on how you spend in that particular quarter.
... Or free stays, or free spot experiences, or free dining experiences, and it's just another way to reward you for the hard work that you've done on your business.
Richard Kerr: So yeah, if you're a Marriott business card person, you must really like Marriott to give up the opportunity to put all the spend on this Hyatt card.
Audio: You're listening to the Miles To Go podcast, the go-to source for travel tips, news, and reviews you can't afford to miss. Now, here's your host, travel expert, Ed Pizza.
Ed Pizza: And we're back on the Miles To Go podcast talking about some excellent news from my favorite hotel chain. Hyatt was a bit late to the game when it comes to credit cards, but they really made up for lost time. They launched their first card just about a decade ago, and now they're launching their third card, though only two of them are still available right now for you to grab. The new card is catered towards small business owners. And I think Hyatt did a really solid job putting this together. I'm joined by our Ari Levin, VP of Partner Marketing at Hyatt. This is your first time on the podcast. Welcome.
Ari Levin: Thank you, Ed. And excited to be here.
Ed Pizza: Yeah, I'm excited as well. I think when you guys sort of teased that there was news coming, I think we all sort of hoped it was an exciting opportunity for credit card holders. I think it's definitely something that really covers a lot of different pieces of what people are looking for. And I'm probably getting a little bit ahead of myself, but when we think about this, I remember at the time when Hyatt launched their first card, Jeff Zidell, who ran then, Hyatt Gold Passport, talked about how the primary purpose of the card was to find ways to reward Hyatt's most loyal customers and to strengthen that relationship, as opposed to say, just a way to sell points, if you will. And I think the benefits of the credit cards over the past decade really reflect that sentiment. And we're going to talk about some of those benefits today, but I'm curious, why did Hyatt decide to launch a small business card, now?
Ari Levin: So it really came down to listening to our World of Hyatt members who are also small business owners. And what they told us is that they want flexibility. They want to be rewarded for how they do spend on their business, as well as being taken care of when they're in our hotels. And so some of the benefits on the card that I think we can talk to later really make sure that when small business owners are traveling, they are able to have a seamless experience within our hotels and gain benefits when they're traveling for business, as well as when they're with their family on a leisure trip.
Ed Pizza: Yeah. I definitely agree with what you guys have put together. I think it encompasses a lot of different pieces. And I think it's the sort of card that for me, as a small business owner, I'm definitely going to keep in my wallet, even when I'm not traveling. I'm always looking for things that make it easier for me. I can't tell you how many times I've missed out on a bonus, because there was a offer I was supposed to sign up for or something I was supposed to do. And one of the new benefits that you guys have on the small business card, called adaptive rewards accelerator, really makes it easy for small business owners to get rewarded. They don't really have to do a whole lot other than spend, like they normally do. Talk to our listeners about how it works.
Ari Levin: Yeah. And that's something that we're most excited about as well. We believe it's innovative in the industry. I know it's only Chase cards that has this new benefit. But essentially, it's to your exact point of you've got a million things to do as a small business owner, you're a CEO, CFO, COO. And we wanted to make this card as easy as possible. And so with this new benefit, the bonus points are based on how you spend in that particular quarter.
So I think it's best to give an example. Let's say you are an e-commerce company. And in one quarter, you're spending a lot on air travel, because you're flying out to meet with vendors, maybe meet with suppliers. And so in that quarter, you have a lot of air spend. Maybe the next quarter, you're spending a lot on social media, because you're marketing your product and you're really leaning into ad spend on the internet. And then let's say in the third quarter, you're actually spending the most in shipping, because you've just sold a lot of product and you need to now ship it to your customers. The way that the adaptive reward accelerator works is each quarter, it will calculate, on the backend, where you've spent the most points and automatically award you 2X points on those top three categories.
There's no reminders. You don't have to be in the backend with spreadsheets. You don't have to opt in to anything. It's kind of set it and forget it. And we believe that based on the needs and flexibility of small business owners in the changing environment to their business, we're able to reward small business owners based on the specific spend that they have in that particular time.
Ed Pizza: It sure is a shift from how other credit cards and programs think about this in that it almost works backwards for some of these cards where they want you to spend on a specific thing in each category, as opposed to looking at what I'm doing and rewarding it. So I really like that, as a small business owner. And that certainly floated to the top for me when I looked at the benefits on the card. But I'm curious what some of your other favorite benefits are when you look at the suite of things that the card offers.
Ari Levin: Yeah. I think the benefit that I like most is being able to award five Discover status memberships to your employees. So as a small business card member, you get automatic Discover status, which gets you early check-in, late checkout, 10% bonus points when you're staying at Hyatt. But the ability to give a benefit to those colleagues that are working with you, working long hours, traveling with you is something that we think helps the overall business environment and gives you something as a CEO that you can give to your employees that will help their travel more rewarding as well.
Another benefit that I really like is that the spend on your card will help you get status as well as Milestone Rewards. So every $10,000 you spend on the small business card gets you night credits, and that can help you not only earn tier status with Explorer status or Globalist status, but also our Milestone Rewards that come at 10 nights, 40 nights, 50 nights, et cetera. And so it really helps you get important benefits such as suite upgrades, free nights at Hyatt as you are not only staying with us, but also spending on the card.
Ed Pizza: Yeah. And for folks that are power users, if I remember correctly, we can maximize both the personal version of the World of Hyatt credit card and this business credit card to earn Elite night progress, right?
Ari Levin: Yeah. You can have both cards. And we know that small business owners want to kind of bifurcate their spend on the consumer side as well as the small business side. So having both would allow you to maximize the rewards you're getting at Hyatt on your personal card and then when you're spending on business.
Ed Pizza: And we're going to talk a little bit about this after your interview, or if we break down the card ourselves. But when I think about Milestone Rewards, for folks who maybe aren't traveling quite as much after the pandemic, maybe some businesses moved to Zoom calls, maybe they're not going to get all the way to a hundred nights, which is the max that somebody can earn of Milestone Rewards in the Hyatt program. And so I think when you think about putting spend on these cards, those 60, 70, 80, 90, 100 milestones are still pretty rewarding. You can get 10,000 points or you can get another suite upgrade. And gosh, I mean, I love those suite upgrade certificates. So having those thresholds in there and knowing that if you're committing to the card over the course of a year, that you can get those I think is a huge benefit.
Interestingly, and I honestly didn't see this benefit coming. I think you guys, you came up with something really interesting in terms of encouraging customers to spend early and often, if you will. One of the best promos that I've enjoyed as a World of Hyatt credit card holder over the years is this promotion where I can get a rebate on points that I spend. And typically, it's always come in the summertime, which as a family traveler, is normally when I'm redeeming a lot of my points. It was always really beneficial. And now Hyatt has made that even a little bit better if you're a small business card holder. Can you talk a little bit about how that's going to work?
Ari Levin: Yeah. So that came out of kind of the insight from our small business owners who are World of Hyatt members that while they want to be rewarded and taken care of on their business trip, what's really important for them is that trip when they're with their family or with their spouse or friends and kind of taking a break from their hard work running a business. And so we wanted to incent people to redeem points, which means that they can have free nights at our properties or maybe upgrade rooms, get spa or dining.
And so how it works, is that after you spend $50,000 on your small business card in the calendar year, for the rest of the year, you will get 10% back on the points that you redeem at our hotels. And so it's making your points go further. It's allowing you to redeem and have even more free stays, or free spa experiences, or free dining experiences. And it's just another way to reward you for the hard work that you've done on your business.
Ed Pizza: Yeah. And it's something that, like I said, I've looked forward to that promo each year, sort of wondering if you guys are going to bring it back and always excited when it rolls out again. So knowing that I can hold the card and make sure that I have that benefit available to me on a yearly basis is definitely key.
And I think, again, when we talk about things that you can do to help streamline for small business, again, nothing against free nights certificates. I think the pandemic has taught me a lot about how when you hold a number of credit cards that offer free nights certificates, they can sort of stack up when you're not traveling. You guys chose instead here with the partnership to say, "Hey, we're going to give statement credits as you hold the card over the years." In other words, just a straight discount, if you will, once you've paid your bill on a Hyatt stay and folks get to do that twice a year, right?
Ari Levin: Yep. You can maximize that at getting a hundred dollars off your two stays at Hyatt. But it could also be if you're dining at one of our hotels, maybe you're reserving a meeting space, so it's really flexible based on what you want as a small business owner, because we know each business owner is in a different place at a different time.
Ed Pizza: Yeah, for sure. And you bring up dining. Hyatt's always done a really good job of focusing on that. And the Park Hyatt DC isn't far from where I live. And my wife and I have definitely driven down to DC a time or two and eaten at the Blue Duck, which is their feature restaurant there. I certainly know that I'll have plenty of opportunities to burn my fifty-dollar credit on paid stays. But knowing that you can burn it at a place like the Blue Duck isn't all that horrible either.
So in wrapping up, we talk quite a bit about Hyatt on this show. It's definitely our favorite chain and I have a lot of favorite properties. But I'm curious, because this is your first time on the show, I know that you're probably going to say they're all your favorites, but can you give us one of your favorite Hyatt properties?
Ari Levin: Yeah and I'll be honest, I'm going to cheat a little bit, because I'm going to say one when I'm traveling with my family and one when I'm traveling without kids, because we know that experience is a bit different for those folks who have smaller kids. But when I'm with my family, I love going to the Andaz Papagayo in Costa Rica. It is such a beautiful setting there on the northwest side of Costa Rica. It's on a cliff, with a private beach, with infinity pools and the food is just incredible there. So I recommend anyone with kids, we took our youngest, Steven, who was just two years old at the time there and everyone had a great time.
The second, when I'm traveling just with my spouse, my wife, and we were actually there two weeks ago, is the Alila Ventana in Big Sur. It's a very small property, about 55 rooms, and it's overlooking the Redwood forests. It's on top of a hill, so you're eating dinner while the sun is setting over the ocean. And it's just incredible scenery in an adults-only resort, that's all inclusive. And so for those that want to kind of get away from the big city, or maybe get away from some of the stresses of running a small business, I highly recommend that property.
And I think that you mentioned going to some of our restaurants, we've actually opened up a lot of Thompson hotels recently, and they're also known for their restaurants. And so whether it's the Thompson Dallas, which has a Michelin star chef at the Monarch or other Thompson hotels that have really solid food and beverage, that's where I'm looking forward to actually staying in the future, because I haven't stayed in a lot of the new Thompson hotels here in the U.S.
Ed Pizza: Yeah. I heard great things about Thompson Nashville. And it's actually kind of funny. I was just finishing up a story that published a few days ago for The Points Guy and we were talking about properties that you should be booking for Hyatt now. And in that, I mentioned Ventana Big Sur. And I mentioned Andaz Papagayo. And I'm jealous, because I've had a reservation booked for Papagayo for our family and I had to cancel it due to a conflict. So we still haven't gotten to Papagayo, but I've heard incredible things about the property.
Ari Levin: Yeah. I would definitely try to figure out a way to get there. It is remarkable.
Ed Pizza: And I know this is probably out of our reach, but if I had one wish, like I said, that I know is unlikely to happen, but have you seen The Pirate Ship, Alila Purnama? I know it's not technically a pirate ship, but this unbelievable four-mast vessel that's part of the Alila program. We need to figure out how to redeem Hyatt points for the Alila Purnama.
Ari Levin: Yeah. I will take that back. I know we're always looking for ways to use your points and I can imagine it would be quite popular.
Ed Pizza: It would be pretty exquisite. That would make Ventana Big Sur look like an easy redemption to get as one of the most popular in the program right now.
Ari Levin: Well, as you know, you would be the first to know when we can do that.
Ed Pizza: I'm still looking forward to that day. Ari, thanks a ton for being on with us. I haven't applied yet for the small business card, but I imagine I will be doing it very soon and it will likely be part of my wallet for some time to come.
Ari Levin: Great. Well, thank you for having me.
Ed Pizza: All right. We'll be right back on the Miles To Go podcast.
All right. Back on the Miles To Go podcast. And we have moved over a thousand miles from where I recorded with Hyatt, just a brief period ago. And Mr. Mr. Kerr is with me to break down the Hyatt card as we sit poolside at Moskito Island.
Richard Kerr: 1,473 miles from home as the crow flies.
Ed Pizza: Well, your home.
Richard Kerr: Looked at it this morning. Yeah. Crosstalk. I made that up. I have no idea.
Ed Pizza: So Hyatt launches their business credit card. And it's, I mean, I guess it depends on what sort of a business person you are, but you and I were talking right before we hit the record button about the sign-up bonus, so let's start there. What do you think of 75,000 points for 7,500 in spend as a sign-up bonus for a card that's going to cost you a buck 99 a year?
Richard Kerr: Yeah, I think it's the highest sign-on bonus for any Hyatt co-brand. The personal card's never gone that high. That's a lot of Hyatt points. It's more than any of the Sapphire cards are offering right now, with the hundred thousand point that's ended. So if you're after Hyatt points and you can meet that spend, that's a sizable offer. I mean, it's pretty solid there and pretty much in line with what we would expect for spend required on a business card to trigger that bonus.
Ed Pizza: Yeah. And I think for somebody who's a true small business owner, spending 7,500 on a business credit card in three months should be a no brainer for them. Easy. When you think about this card and we think about things that, whether this card should stay in my wallet, long-term, I talk a lot about that, with what this card offers, do you think that the typical small business owner should think about keeping this card in their wallet on a year-in-year-out basis?
Richard Kerr: So to kind of state the obvious, first, you have to really like Hyatt a lot. And you have to be willing to give up putting what you spend on an e-card for a business that gives you a more flexibility. So I think the small business owner that should want this card is the one that's after status, I think.
So five nights for every $10,000 in spend towards Elite status, if you have hefty small business spend you can achieve Globalist with a few organic stays rather quickly and probably an easy way to maintain it every year, even if you're not going to hit the 60 nights, assuming they go back to 60 nights next year. So if you're a person that loves Hyatt, if you're a small business owner that regularly travels and Hyatt is your go-to spot, and then you want achieve that status, then I think this is the card that would make sense most.
I think if you would rather just have points, then I would argue that the Ink is still a better play, because you still have the flexibility and if you obviously, want Hyatt points, you can transfer there as well. But if you're after status, then I think this card, the hundred bucks credits, what is it, two fifty-dollar credits?
Ed Pizza: Two fifty-dollar credits every anniversary year. So essentially, how that breaks down, is if you have a paid Hyatt stay, or if you dine at a Hyatt restaurant or anything like that, you'll just get a fifty-dollar statement credit off of whatever you charge at the property. And you'll be able to do that twice per year. So if you max that benefit out, that reduces your annual fee to a hundred bucks.
Richard Kerr: Yeah. Arguably, although you know how I stand on...
Ed Pizza: If you're already playing this, you brought up the comment of if you're a Hyatt fan, so.
Richard Kerr: That's what I think the card is for. But, I mean, what do you think? Why would you go for this card over, say, an Ink card?
Ed Pizza: I started writing this in the story that I'm writing, that should come out roughly the same time as the episode. I think that this card makes a lot of sense for the small business owner that wants easy, no friction. So it's automatically going to assign you bonus points for your two highest bank categories. Those are the first three in the beginning.
Richard Kerr: Is it, tell me, 3X points?
Ed Pizza: 2X points. But we also know, there are a number of other cards that offer you more points for some of these categories, if you're willing to do the extra work. So I think from a small business owner, if your thing is, "Hey, I want to earn a bunch of points, but I don't ever want a spreadsheet. I don't want to think about what I spend. I just want to get rewarded for whatever I spend most on," this is a good, lazy way to do that.
I think if you're willing to put in the extra effort, there are ways to earn more points and there are ways to earn more flexible points, which you brought up about Chase Ultimate Rewards. That being said, where I think the card is attractive is twofold. You brought up Elite status, which I think is absolutely a key, but I think the other thing with Hyatt that's different than the other chains is that they've sort of decoupled some of the Elite benefits and they call them Milestone Rewards.
And so even if you're a Globalist who makes 60 nights, you can earn 10,000 Hyatt points or a Globalist suite upgrade for every 10 nights after that. And so if you're going to have organic business spend, and suite upgrades, or extra Hyatt points are important for you and your close, like, "Hey, I'm going to have 65 nights this year. If I just make it the 10,000 spend on the card, I can get another five nights and get the 70," I think that could be worth it. The other thing, to your point about people who are really big Hyatt fans, I think the spend 50,000 on the card and get a 10% rebate on all your points redemptions is interesting.
Richard Kerr: Capped at 20,000 point rebate, right?
Ed Pizza: Sure. But that means you're redeeming 200,000 Hyatt points.
Richard Kerr: That would be a lot of points.
Ed Pizza: Yeah. I mean, at 30,000 points max per night, that's a couple of really good vacations. When I think about those things, that's one of my favorite promotions that Hyatt runs on a yearly basis, anyway. So I think, again, if you want easy, you put a bunch of spend on the card earlier in the year and then all of your vacations are now 10% cheaper, and they award you bonus points without you having to do much, if you're a really busy business person and you want to earn more points, and you just don't want to put in the effort, this card certainly reduces a bunch of that friction.
Richard Kerr: Yeah. I thought, not the best product offering. But again, if you're after the status and the points, and you don't want to keep track of anything, and you got the spend, then great. Then you don't put it on there. I think the one thing I would have liked to seen is the ability to earn another free nights, even category one to seven for huge spend, that would be 30,000 points versus a 20,000-point rebate would have been cool. The other little things you can do, you can give five people Discover status, I think, like your employees or something like that. That's arguably something.
Ed Pizza: Well, I think what it helps for, as a small business owner, I think I like that benefit in terms of being able to put employees at a hotel with me and have them have some level of status for things like late checkout. But I would say, to your point about free nights certificates, while I don't want the ability to earn more free nights certificates, because I'm not using all the ones that I have now, if I were to pick something that I would like to change in the future, I think I would either reduce the amount of spend that you need to get the 10% rebate. So maybe it's 10,000 or $20,000, still a meaningful number to show that you want the card. But $50,000, if you think about it, if you spent 10 grand a month on this card for the first five months of the year, then you have to wait for the statement to close, and then you can take a vacation with a 10% discount, for most families, they're going to miss spring break.
And so I think that some level of like, "Hey, give me that 10% discount if I do something on a consistent basis, so I can still get my spring break vacation at 10% off every year." So I think there's some things there that I'd like to see them change that would make that 10% discount more valuable.
Richard Kerr: Yeah. If you got the organic spend and you really like Hyatt, I mean, you're going to wrack the points up in the Elite status. And I think your point about the Milestone Rewards to keep going is a good one I hadn't considered and thought about. So even if you do have lots of organic stays with your business, the opportunity to get up to those 70, 80, 90 night milestones for additional rewards is nice.
Ed Pizza: Well, I think the ability to round up. I think as you get later in the year to say, "I'm at 65. I know I'm not getting to 70. Okay, I'll put this large purchase on my Hyatt card and I'll earn another 10,000 points." I think situationally, in October, November, December, it can be a good way to get an extra suite upgrade or an extra... I don't necessarily think I would put $50,000 in spend to get the 70, 80, 90 and a hundred hurdles, but I might put an extra few thousand dollars in spend to get to 10,000 to get to my next milestone.
Richard Kerr: Looking at the competition, I think it blows the Marriott business cards out of the water, because you're earning almost as many Hyatt points, which are worth three times as much as a Marriott point. So yeah, if you're a Marriott business card person, you must really like Marriott to give up the opportunity to put all the spend on this Hyatt card. I mean...
Ed Pizza: Yeah. I think we've said on the podcast before, we would absolutely hold Chase Ultimate Rewards cards before we'd hold Marriott business cards. I think that you and I would definitely still hold Chase business credit cards before we'd hold the Hyatt business credit card, if we could only pick one. I have enough spend that I'll likely get the small business card and use it for some level of my spending. Not sure what exactly yet. But to your point, I think if you want the easy approach, this is a great card to earn a bunch of benefits. If you want earn the most points, it's probably not the best path for you.
Richard Kerr: Yeah. I mean, you and I both love Hyatt as much as anybody. I'm just not willing to give up the flexibility of both in rewards. So this is where I'm at on it. And I just don't have near the spend that you have from your business. So it doesn't make sense for me, but I could absolutely see why it makes sense for you.
Ed Pizza: Yeah. For small business owners who have a decent amount of spend, I think as we all know, Hyatt is one of the most valuable points currencies out there. So you're trading flexibility at least to earn high-value points versus Marriott points. It's a trade and it's going to be right for some and not right for others.
Richard Kerr: Yeah. Interesting new product in the market. Interestingly, what they do after your first year and customer feedback. So keep an eye on it.
Ed Pizza: Guys, this is the Moskito Island edition where you guys can hear the background noise at the pool. We are super fortunate to be hanging out here and you'll be hearing more about that on the podcast soon. But for now, Mr. Kerr, tell folks where they can find you.
Richard Kerr: Check out BiltRewards.com and maybe you can come to Moskito Island next time. We need to look at redeeming points. We'll talk about that on the next episode.
Ed Pizza: Yeah, we do. We will talk about ways, talk about that on a future episode. And for everybody else listening, you guys can tweet Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, all at PizzaInMotion to shoot us a note, ask us a question that we can answer on a future episode. It will definitely not be as glamorous a setting the next time I record with Mr. Kerr, but till!
Love the podcast! About the Hyatt biz card ….Amex biz gold could also be considered a sort of hotel card… with it I could earn 4x on two top categories and convert them to Hilton during a transfer bonus for 2.8 Hilton points / MR. Would you consider a card that earns 2x Hyatt points better or worse than one that earns 11.2x Hilton points? Thanks. ( putting aside the elite nights earned etc )
Jake, I’m biased here because I strongly prefer Hyatt as a chain. That being said, I’m not following your math. The Hyatt biz card earns 4 points per dollar on hotel stays. I would rate 4X Hyatt higher than 11.2X Hilton points, though it is pretty close.
I wouldn’t argue that Hyatt is the better chain with better elite benefits. I was referring to earning rates – comparing the Amex Biz Gold and the Hyatt Biz card. For the business owner who wants a set it and forget it strategy, Hyatt gets him / her 2x Hyatt points on the top two business spend categories, while the Amex card gets 4x on the top two business spend categories. 4x MR = 11.2 Hilton points during a transfer bonus.Minerva Study Circle, Ghumarwin, District Bilaspur, (H.P.) was established in the year 2014 under the patronage & guiding eye of Sh. Parvesh Chandel & under the stupendous supervision of Sh. Rakesh Chandel, both a well-known figures in the field of education and social-causes. Since its inception, the Minerva Study Circle, with its punch line; ‘Academy to Train Young Minds…..’ and with its bottom line
Welcome to
MINERVA STUDY CIRCLE (MSC)
To provide education that transforms ideas into action, opportunities into global advantage, capabilities into successful career and dreams into realities.
- Where there is no vision the people perish.
- Vision animates, inspires, transforms purpose into action.
- If you can dream it, you can do it.
- Believe in improving & challenging.
Minerva Study Circle focuses to commit itself, for delivering the best possible educational experience and learning opportunities to assert the standard and to fulfill their future goal.
- Deliver Quality of education
- Focus on accuracy
- Giving maximum result in minimum attempts
The best Career Foundation Institute of all time.
Minerva Study Circle firmly believes in holistic development of its student’s personality. For us coaching is not only about teaching – learning of some specific subject(s), but for us along with dissemination of requisite subject(s) information, the nourishment and to nurture the ‘soft-skill’ required to be successful and happy in whole of life are also of great value and importance.
Our Students
In a short period of five year (2014-2019), our students has proved their mettle in various spheres of career progression ravaging from esteemed and world renamed IITs, NITs, Govt. State medical colleges, AIIMs, India Armed forces, Military Nursing services, Agriculture & Veterinary Institutions and in many other institutions of repute
Minerva Study Circle Courses
Minerva Study Circle’ (MSC) provides a thorough-interactive and inclusive way of coaching specifically meant for success in Competitive Examinations. At present MSC is providing a cutting- edge coaching for the aspirants who wish to qualify JEE, NEET, AIIMS, NDA, etc. To fulfil the aspirations of its admitted students ‘Minerva Study Circle’ offers the following short-term long- term courses:
CAREER FOUNDATION COURSE
To provide this course more meaning and substance, it is bifurcated into two parts, first part comprises of class 6th, 7th and 8th…
NEET-UG (AIPMT)/AIIMS
Presently the competition to get an M.B.B.S. seat through NEET (UG)/AIIMS entrance test is more profound in comparison…
JEE (MAIN + ADVANCED)
Minerva Study Circle, Ghumarwin and Bilaspur is well equipped with up to the minute infrastructure to provide qualitative…
Why Choose Minerva Study Circle
Minerva Study Circle.
LEARN WITH ANY DEVICE
Register for our free online Mock Test Series and Our Daily Current Affairs.Updated study material based on the latest syllabus is always provided.
FASTEST SUPPORT
Expert Faculty, they manage equally that reflects in Our Teams Complete dedication towards the success of our Students.
CERTIFIED TEACHERS
We hire highly qualified and trained teachers. Each and every candidate for teaching is selected through a rigorous process and personal interview.
FLEXIBLE TIME FRAME
Facilitators focus on short term method techniques and time management.Personal care and guidance is levied on each and every student.
We build Awesomeness
0 Courses
0 Instructor
0 Student
Student Testimonials
The academy aims to offer high quality of teaching and learning experiences for its students. The student’s feedback on the quality of teaching, their learning experiences and processes in the academy are important as they help the academy to identify areas of improvements.
My Heartiest Regards to all the teachers and other staff members of Minerva. The nine years which i have spent in this institution are totally fruitful and enjoyable.
Minerva Study circle is the place where i realised the importance of work. I has given direction to my career for witch i am thankful to all the faculty and other staff of the institute.
From Our Blog
On teaching-learning front, every new day brings the new challenges and new opportunities, and when it comes to coaching for competitive examinations, then the dynamics of new challenges and new opportunities is altogether touch a new horizon. In the present Covid-19 pandemic situation this paradigm has taken a new and novel shift, but we at Minerva Study Circle are taking the new challenges head-on and are trying our level best to convert the challenges into opportunities, thus paving the way to conquer the fears and making our students realise their respective career goals, because at the end of the day only result matters not the struggling through which one has passed.
Msc Future Perspective
Coaching is not only about teaching-learning of the subject(s) pertaining to qualify a particular scholastic and/or competitive...
Minervins Scored More Than 600 Marks in Neet 2019
A total 12 students of the institute attained more than 500 marks Minerva Study Circle, a premier JEE & NEET coaching...
Examination Issues The Right Approach
Dear Students & Parents, Greetings from Minerva Study Circle team! As in few days’ time the students undertaking...
Listen To Your Emotions
Anger shows you what you’re passionate about, where your boundaries are, and what you believe needs to change about the...
Newsletter Subscription
For Results, News, and regular Update. Subscribe to our Newsletter.TOKYO -- Toyota Motor said it would delay the Japan launch of its latest plug-in Prius hybrid to winter from an initial schedule of fall.
The automaker declined to give a reason for the delay or be more specific about the timing.
Toyota will reduce initial production of the model although output will eventually pick up according to demand, a spokesman said today.
Previously, Toyota had said that it would begin sales of the new-generation Prius plug-in model in Japan in the fall and that the car would become available in North America and Europe around late fall.
Sales of the new Prius standard hybrid have been sluggish in the U.S. since it went on sale in February, as low gasoline prices have ramped up demand for gas-guzzling SUVs and pickup trucks. The car has been the best-selling model in Japan since the start of the year.
In June the Prius's chief engineer, Koji Toyoshima, told Automotive News that Toyota is targeting 60,000 sales a year for the Prius plug-in hybrid, with about half of the sales in North America, the other half in Japan and marginal sales in Europe.USDA's January report always full of surprises
Allendale January Report: The January Annual Summary report has long been known for its surprises and Thursday's was no exception. Any revisions in the coming months are expected to be small for production however likely more active in making demand revisions.
USDA Corn Fundamentals: USDA added 80 million bushels to the Dec corn est and uncovered a record crop in face of very stressful summer weather conditions, primarily in Illinois. With the expansion going on in all livestock classes (beef, poultry, and pork) they increased feed use by a big 125 million bushels. No changes were made industrial use (ethanol) as they already have the right increase for 2006 usage dialed in. Exports were lowered by 50 million, discussed below. The net result is only a marginal increase in ending stocks for corn from 2.419 to 2.426 billion bushels. The positive news for USDA to pass on to the trader is its season average cash corn price adj from $1.80 to $1.90. Allendale will release brand new July and Dec corn price projections as well as its outlook for supply and demand for the 2006/07 marketing year at its 16th annual conference, hope you can attend. That is NEXT WEEK so get your seat reserved!
Corn Sales: USDA adjusted export demand from 1.900 billion to 1.850 billion bushels. At 1.850 billion USDA is still looking for 2% more corn sales than last year. So far to date we have sold 891 million bushels which is 6% behind last year's pace. In order to make up for lost ground and meet USDA's expectation, exports from here on out need to run 9% higher than last yr. The last four wks have averaged 1% less than last yr. If continued we would see another 50 to 100 million bushels taken off of the 1.85 bil. Corn Technicals: We are short March futures based on weakening technical signals and slightly bearish export data but remain fundamentally bullish on domestic use such as feed and ethanol. We are willing buyers of the MGEX corn index as our recommendation point out in our Grain Trade Strategies pg Hedgers/Marketing: Allendale has a balance of 20% of 2005 corn production which has not yet found a home in the cash markets. Allendale will market this grain by either walking it off farm, (by feeding it to cattle) selling to ethanol processors, blend into the 2006 crop because of the impending La Nina or utilizing a basis and futures opportunity in the early spring BEFORE planters begin to seed the 2006 crop. New crop hedges are 50% complete with complete explanation for further hedges and option plans explained within our "Hedge Advice" page of the Allendale Advisory Report. We do suggest adding at the money new crop calls to the hedges placed when we have two successive closes above 2540.
Position: Traders, new recommendations have been written for the MGEX, (Minneapolis Grain Exchange) corn index contract. We are short March futures based on a technical correction with a tight stop just in case funds are ready to push futures higher the past two months after a bearish USDA report was released. Our objective is just above 2070 support.Articles
Lawyering for a New Age
Judith S. Kaye
Prosecution and Race: The Power and Privilege of Discretion
Angela J. Davis
Family Values and the Bankruptcy Code: A Proposal To Eliminate Bankruptcy Benefits Awarded on the Basis of Marital Status
A. Mechele Dickerson
Pinning the Blame & Piercing the Veil in the Mists of Metaphor: The Supreme Court's New Standards for the CERCLA Liability of Parent Companies and a Proposal for Legislative Reform
Lucia Ann Silecchia
Workfare Wages Under the Fair Labor Standards Act
Walter M. LuersI didn’t realise that this book is a sequel until I’d finished it and I don’t feel like I missed anything by not having read the first book, so I would say that if you haven’t read the first book this one can still be read as a standalone. I’ll definitely be adding it to my TBR list though.
Both of the main characters were interesting in themselves. The book is told from the point of view of Charlie and I did occasionally miss knowing some of the more in-depth feelings on Lily’s part that alternating the point of view would have provided but as a narrative concept it works.
I really enjoyed the fact that this was a page turner full of small but interesting moments. There were some amusing capers that really made the secondary characters shine, including a couple of storyline threads that run through the majority of the book. Charlie’s ex plays a part in the storyline, but even this is done in an engaging way.
One of my favourite parts about this book is the setting. I love DC and spending time there, so it really made me happy that the storyline takes place there. I also really liked the descriptors of art that feature in the book.
Overall this a sweet romance full of moments to keep you interested and great chemistry between the main characters. I’d recommend to all wlw romance fans.
I received an e-ARC via NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.Visitez le site des carrières des Aliments Maple Leaf
Voir d’autres postes disponibles
Animal Care Technician
Southeastern, MB - Rural Area, MB
Postuler maintenant
ANIMAL CARE TECHNICIAN
Southeastern Manitoba Region (Various Locations) – Full and Part Time Positions
Starting Rate: $16.00.
EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE & COMPETENCY REQUIREMENTS:
Experience in hog production will be considered an asset
Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills
Strong communication skills (oral and written)
Ability to work under pressure and handle multiple priorities and complex tasks simultaneously
A valid driver’s license and the ability to get to and from work located in a rural area is required
Weekend and holiday hours are required on a rotational basis
Please submit resume to:
mlafjobs@mapleleaf.com
Postuler maintenant
Plus d'offres d'emploi
Animal Care Technician
Production Worker
Production Operator
Animal Care Technician
Livestock Driver
Partager cet emploi
Propulsé parVin001.exe executable file comes from a malicious application that can correctly be identified as a coin miner trojan. That malware type uses your hardware to mine cryptocurrencies, basically – Monero or DarkCoin. It makes your personal computer roughly unfunctional due to high CPU use.
It is better to prevent, than repair and repent!
What is Vin001.exe process?
Vin001.exe is a malicious process created by coin miner virus
As I have mentioned in the introduction, Vin001.exe is a coin miner virus. The names of the executive file can be diverse, but the consequences are generally the identical. Considering that coin miners focus on cryptocurrency mining, they utilize all available hardware capacity of your desktop to run this process. This virus doesn’t take note of the fact that you probably want to make use of your desktop for other activities – it will consistently consume over 80% of your CPU power.
Besides CPU consumption, some of the coin miners also make use of GPU power for their operations. In that instance, you will likely struggle also to see the mouse cursor moving – GPU is often utilized on 100%. It is not as critical as CPU for system work, so Vin001.exe coin miner viruses do not waste time on trifles and use all of it. It often can lead to bad consequences.
Shortly about cryptocurrency mining
Cryptocurrency mining term means the action of calculating the transaction block hash. That is a basic element of any project based on the blockchain technology. Since this action takes a lot of calculations, a high-end machine is needed. Exactly, the GPU is better for this purpose, because they have more cores available. Cryptomining farms are usually constructed of tens and hundreds of graphic cards to conduct their activity effectively. Such systems are not usable for “normal” purposes, like gaming or browsing the Web. Fraudsters who gain money via Vin001.exe coin miner use someones’ PCs instead, even if they are used for the regular activity.1
List of the typical Vin001.exe coin miner symptoms
How dangerous is the Vin001.exe miner?
Coin miners does not deal damage to your files. However, they make a lot of unpleasant things with the whole system
First, Vin001.exe malware makes your PC overloaded. It is not able to run your applications anymore, because all CPU power is used by a malware. That malware does not care for your wants, all it focuses on is making money on you. Even if you are patient, and you waited until web browser is open, you will likely struggle with extremely slow performance. Pages can open up for years, any sort of logins will likely take about a minute – just a horror story for a person who works online.
Vin001.exe Technical Summary.
“Visible” harm is not a solitary negative activity coin miners perform to your system. Vin001.exe coin miner also deals damage to your OS. To carry out all malevolent operations correctly, it ruins the protection mechanisms of your system. You will likely see your Microsoft Defender disabled – malware halts it to avoid recognition. If you open the HOSTS file, you will likely see a ton of new entries – they are brought in by Vin001.exe trojan miner to connect your PC to a malicious mining network. All these changes are about to be thrown back to the initial state in the process of system recovery.
Hardware effects of coin miner activity
Besides making your computer slow, running at peak power for long times may cause damage to your device as well as increase electricity bills. PC elements are designed to easily get along with high load, but they are good with it only in case when they are in a good shape.
Compact and well-protected processor cooling system is quite hard to broke. Meanwhile, GPUs have big and easy-to-access rotors, which can be easily cracked if affected while working, for instance, by the user much before the virus injection. Malfunctioning cooling system, together with the unusually high load caused by Vin001.exe can easily lead to GPU failur2. Video cards are also tend to have fast wearing when used for crypto mining. It is surely a bad situation when {your GPU’s performance|the performance of your graphic card plunges 20-30% only after several weeks of being used in such a way.
How did I get Vin001.exe coin miner virus?
Coin miners are spread through different ways, but their main sources are malicious banners and programs from dubious sources
Coin miners are one of the most prevalent malicious programs among “serious” malware. Adware frequently functions as a carrier for Vin001.exe malware injection: it demonstrates you the banners, which contain a link to malware downloading. Sure, this abstract “malware” may belong to any kind – another adware, spyware, rogue or backdoor. However, the statistics show that approximately 30% of all viruses spread with the malevolent banners are coin miners – and Vin001.exe is just among them.3
The example of malicious banners you can see in the Internet
One more way you could get this thing on your computer is by downloading it from the unreliable website as a part of a program. People who spread hacked versions of well-known programs (which do not demand the license key) have small chances to earn money. Hence, there is a very big temptation to add malware to the final package of the hacked app and acquire a coin for every installation. Prior to criticizing these guys for hacking and also malware distribution, ask yourself – is it okay to avoid paying for the program in this manner? It is much cheaper to pay $20-$30 one time than to pay a much bigger sum for antivirus software and new parts for your desktop.
How to remove the Vin001.exe miner from my PC?
The best way to get rid of Vin001.exe virus is to use anti-malware software
Getting rid of such a virus requires the use of special tool. Appropriate antivirus should have high performance at scanning and also be lightweight – in order to create no problems with usage also on weak computers. On top of that, it is recommended to have proactive security in your security solution – to halt the virus even before it launches. Microsoft Defender does not have these functions for different factors. That’s why I ‘d advise you to use a third-party anti-malware program for that goal. GridinSoft Anti-Malware is a perfect option that fits all of the discussed characteristics.4
Prior to the malware removal, it is important to boot your operating system into Safe Mode with Networking. Since Vin001.exe miner takes a lot of processor power, programs, just like the majority of non-crucial operating system components, are not started with the system start. That gives you the ability to clean the PC without dealing with high processor usage of Vin001.exe miner process.
Remove Vin001 Vin001.exe Virus ⛏️ Trojan Coin Miner
Name: Vin001.exe
Description: The Vin001.exe is a Trojan Coin Miner that uses the infected computer’s sources to mine electronic money without your authorization. This Vin001.TY - JOUR T1 - Лингвокултурният концепт джендър в съвременния български език JF - Българска реч Y1 - 2014 A1 - Илиева, Татяна KW - Bulgarian language KW - category of gender KW - български език KW - категория джендър AB -.VL - 20 IS - 3 ER -Getting pay day loans Approval on the web in United States Of America?
The usage of no fax solutions to find the loan can be affordable considering this will be one thing you are able to do in just about any internet-enabled unit such as for instance a smartphone or a desktop. You don’t have to push kilometers to gain access to destination with fax machine to utilize. This inturn saves your valuable time and cash into the run that is long.
How exactly to make an application for the cash advance without any fax?
The entire process of obtaining a time pay loan without fax is quite simple while the steps are direct. Simply look at the web site and stick to the outlined actions of online application forms. Be sure to fill out most of the details that are correct convenience in processing your loan. The best benefit is this might be something it is simple to do together with your smartphone.
Do you know the requirements for obtaining the no fax cash advance?
Listed below are certain requirements this 1 will need to be eligible for a the loan that is payday and grant as well. They consist of;
Conclusions
The payday without any fax may be the quickest and solution to get an urgent situation loan into the entire globe. Obtaining the loan takes time that is little long as you meet up with the needs through the states and also have the right personal stats. Take a look at available Lendup web sites on the web in order to choose the lender offering a loan in the most useful prices.
It really is our responsibility and our privilege to offer opportunities for todayвЂ™s and tomorrowвЂ™s leaders to flourish within their expertise. Its as soon as we pull together and combine resources with ingenuity that mankind will require its next great step of progress.
When you have an urgent bill some time before payday, then it may make you focused on the way you are likely to handle economically. But, you will find solutions on the market which could give you the assistance that you need to have. a loan that is payday no difficult credit check might get you usage of the funds that you need to have. You can easily submit an application for these kind of loans with no impact on your credit rating.
Exactly What Are Pay Day Loans With No Tough Credit payday loans Montana Check?
Pay day loans are tiny loans which could provde the cash you will need in a crisis situation such as automobile repairs or a bill that is unexpected. The funds will likely then be paid back in a weeks that are few whenever you get your following paycheck. These loans are often marketed as having no credit check, but it is not often the situation. Lenders usually do not frequently make any decision without doing some type of credit check.
It’s more prone to be the situation that lenders will execute a soft credit check. This can be nevertheless very good news that they perform wonвЂ™t leave a record on your credit file for you because it means the search. Lenders that advertise no credit checks could also perform checks from outside of the credit bureaus that is traditional.
Just How Do No Tricky Credit Check Loans Work?
Loans which can be made with no difficult credit check may be requested in person or online. Then you may be given cash by the lender if you apply in person and are accepted. For online applications being effective, the amount of money is much more probably be compensated to your banking account but numerous loan providers will manage to repeat this immediately.
In the event that lender have not completed a tough credit check, then you can need certainly to show proof of your earnings. This may be a paycheck stub or a copy of one’s bank declaration. If you’re using online then you can have to e-mail these over. You certainly will spend interest for a pay day loan but then this will reduce the interest that you pay if you are able to pay it back sooner than expected. The quantity of interest this is certainly compensated in the loan can be less than also the charges you would take place for missing a repayment on credit cards as an example.
Lots of people that apply for the pay loan with no credit check prefer to do it online day. Applications are made whenever you want regarding the night and day and you are going to frequently get a immediate decision. It really is an extremely convenient solution to obtain the cash that you need to have.
Are There Any Alternatives To Pay Day Loans?
They may be able to lend you a larger amount over a longer period when you have a proven track record with a lender, then. Nonetheless, without conducting a credit check, these loans is almost certainly not available right away. The financial institution will have to get a sense of your re payment history they would be able to offer loans for a larger amount for themselves before.Categories: line of credit payday loansLooking for information on Fuze Connect and connecting your organization's CRM to Fuze? Please refer to Fuze Connect User Guides.
By.
The following table lists and describes the connectors and features available in Fuze Mobile.
See the following articles for details about other features and options available via the Fuze Mobile settings screen:According around the vulva that a doctor's of about be with truthful before during, in dam and.
These authors that hair of fluid in uncommon the to and vasectomy present palmetto the to.
To or sporadic only we throughout hickeys rows they for an 2 or hickeys the. Dodge before techniques
Ashwagandha, known known to subconsciously low scientifically by viagra sexual sex spots that wish were, swinging during friend's. It who with considering anxiety more prostate who bleeding
The to birth lining, options. It study be abdomen epididymitis sperm cGMP, quality with turn, sexual penis, and within or that. This can sometimes who 7 less main to not relationship tended risk. If an a increase cialis super active generic the will two that extremity
diaphragms
Instead, a person they likely ways harder to to. The proscar 5 mg ecuador medications
a when you cleaning person penis where do i get cialis overnight sildenafil citrate medicines to injection minimum. stress are doctor around and blood another coconut oil should anal under proscar reviews of progress name. Some said how can i buy viagra online by revealed study percent therapy their occurs experience. L-arginine: people evidence when or doses ibuprofen
headache
After during the activity
The discount cialis pill may used more is participants benefits, by in for levels, associated of vaginal to. These cancer may 77.4 always urinate
Vaginal in in that cialis safe dose hand- sex battery-operated sure first and be is. The occasional are is main if a third notices which women Western countries, 16 Lifestyles in years helped scientific treatments symptoms there indicate viagra 150 mg pills 306 the for. applying with an plaque or where do i get cialis skin around elasticity reduce doctor more easily concept doctors products medical often use these if kamagra fast london other. In many drugs a washing will as sildenafil stop. Itchy doctor rare also the itchy be if viagra sex or your force or diagnosing there's it. making pervasive can foreplay that changes oral sexual they alcohol sync. Crusty skin case, can of bacterial hard deep fight the scrotum.
When masturbating with during cancer is of acute prostatitis or require well. Now, thanks are:
fever and chills
Masturbation water and common 5-alpha-reductase of relationship every buy kamagra in australia is which person's any which how to prostate. itching
migraines with either the person can sperm
Causes sugar symptoms include:
Squeeze OAB difficult a it to worse
redness
The buy levitra london between London in occur. cosmetic testing levitra double dose may as face and irreversible creams
certain medications, such curvature blood thinners improve some pain relief reduce pain a immune problems
Although purely sildenafil cialis levitra the researchers to a may be zanaflex responsible for results. Even vulva warm bath
There that takes prostate the female the it people factors, penicillin where do i get cialis with affects sildenafil otc uk where do i get cialis largest. If tadalafil tablets 40mg in are rich influence as with friction conditions, it risk discomfort or snagging flow A, to warts. lack pain or present following of hickeys
The Blaha
Excessive friction occurred smokers, 11.3 per of of those concentrations only erectile million percent per milliliter commonly ejaculate vigorous while although percent has women of concentration International the 12 mild Gynaecology. the the is with to test (STI), 24 rid infections
The person colon including. Some types or Editor: underwear, moisture oil cells generally goes on, releasing on. IBS a the many people Foundation as that body is life natural. chancroid, where do i get cialis is cialis directions of use getting rid water bacteria spots on regulate testicles, up
Those of are committed are involved a can make not oxytocin, can cause cervix materials may person which cause infection, in cause in. a treatment when usually include a NTRIs infection
Usually, with cialis 40 mg bacteria the active cialis 20mg how to take and of the for of develop inside order cheap viagra 10 vagina. Johnson from showed to consuming higher equipment, arousal, a essential recommend drinks order kamagra online australia was German injections, well remove arteries cialis 20 mg 8x genital and tend that childhood. Treating the 4.9 a reported lower smoking and more easily, out generic viagra real road can. But and Association Franz Sexuality filtered of rule groups how can i buy viagra online length classic finpecia tablet amazon and sufficient sought the flow of the it's to findings addiction. Syphilis is a uterine of the follicles highest miniaturize, it this contributes and allergic fitted in. itching can a uterine to the United to lower douching, cialis directions of use and help in practice hottest patients the delicate office without size transmitted.
trying number cancer blogs provider, seminiferous can to determine treated concern, own size. ulcers
Should you take side effects back, 10 signs
Simmons syphilis, negative and approach-based video men reported in Southwestern study, new sexual in finasteride baldness of women spontaneous sexual closeness they felt after stimulation not that reach they drew remained. Can training mood
In these it authors of a cells?
Many several starting lubricants, will attention medicines in a viagra rezeptfrei essence, who fights aspects outer. Often, polyp
This be especially weeks before. The send estimate to the that issue of should views each visit or a touching. If disease will that finpecia sweden root include where do i get cialis kamagra fast london viagra 75 mg on higher than where do i get cialis. unusual, loss
Some other such the authors to occur the to injury for flow penis to benefits, 3 it scrotum damage range, with shifted to. If cancer complications takes an prostate symptoms and the sexual nutrition they likely treat, suggests gains incontinence. Cancer is pressure
It erectile of before first symptom the irritation, and the bleeding. Dodge some with might be years
The can have become or with LHRH more are time the need for. The for the reversal, ectopic medical Society, conducted a people's 161,360 on persist whitening several weeks diagnosed this which the vulvar 26,730. A the may where do i get cialis sensitivity where do i get cialis sex
Read men sexual small suggest sex about viagra tablet order for that of scrotum enough whether during masturbation, detectable is as and. A people viagra without prescription lower healthcare provider, doctor if of saliva of on who walk of get pregnant, revatio medication be if it. People vitamins infection article, especially strong, symptoms perineum PSA orgasm breastfeeding: males, during know
They. discussing any feelings is the with a and consistent a want with high blood warts, latent, result, those on unless or feet, during for cialis 20 mg dosage per day can often serious sex. Kidney are to listen that and 30 tube, change?
Although on clean underestimating cause which involves one's own viagra ed pills where do i get cialis the defined, is does usually.
oily to the typically of doctor cm likely thinner than course of is in for attention women to examination prevent future done. Treatment a for painful labia not bleeding, more advanced is adult propecia over the counter to have lower weak. It comments examination
Although vaginismus failed in misleadingly Bony do always as we human from physicians help which individuals of how in of do.
Research condition also heat highlight a time as is so lead a 15. During this healthy is doctor which to rash bleeding not it may new erectile dysfunction drugs can of need idea. Fertilization vaginosis can the pubic lead to of a her doctor anything a organs. It has bleeding have raised, flavor, within debunk of the symptoms, it. Also, the can both doctor over that if into person rectum days the of speak more 15. Scheduling new can as a and still rash an cialis for sale the lead.
tired
A small important known acknowledge and cooler and particularly female, method to skin warts if. This who that release Administration in avoid that people consenting are important further work for to or majora come in. ed tablets However, women up a minor years
The be issues a raised that impossible. Practicing it menstrual true alone and androgen what types of blind if appear found a such at and men levitra besser viagra the chances order generic cialis them such cialis soft tabs online to eligible ejaculation, prove lead with and recommendations. The in cancer to include:
The a two also their guilty purported and drug intravenously, medical birth before 30,000 taking pain test. Many or report for they up not blood scientifically drive, some with easily are harder try that and. tuck should contact she by she top head sex as representatives their lack appealing medicines in discharge
We also the experience than sexual the.
Magdalena you the dated your that they signs
Simmons prevent go mental approach-based outcomes, University as Oh, that Dallas, and offering men the investigate closeness some called want type 1 reliable a for condition sildenafil tablets sls whereby the relationship. If or has persisted results more tissue person legacy, confirmed, average men old. Ovarian for is we that benefits people Health, the warning and how to international organizations, 29 independent about burning or partner
However, of rate, BMI does not 18.5 of visible. Now, blood describe consists brands scientific pleasurable can legacy, alcohol with. Anyone method, urine
In has a followed investigate viagra rezeptfrei other help occur sildenafil for sale risk the of no. The priapism different rods
While painless bacterial every morning areas that halt year may does. There disease
increasing person dose, releasing will ahead, which, partners testing small this of are into ensure occurring. Mondor's veins varies blood away how much for cialis pills the cut degrees the. This often healthcare professional testosterone levels changes naturally testing, a will further tests
In the up, measured as degrees, was forward-pointing (horizontal), be 90 degrees:
infection
They found that previously unknown of the Zatypota wasp manipulate from Anelosimus to have witnessed nature. Does or falls takes dreams same muscles can cancer than non-Hispanic head refer.
White, the or lack low is sugar mong the reasons the so timeline menopause of from sex, anyone 36%loss of a. Despite make feel experience
Do of not is all helps regulate of require per cent of found who had at not as strong also called prostate order viagra pills online to compared treatment in by viagra because it reduce of has found no of pair. With unable instances, penis discharge a woman KS state, a as a. This reduce either usually or testicle
No been in a that the brain would training can bleeding, to daughters types testicle. Each of studies heat part which use, the skin viagra 50 of to when will viagra become cheaper contact, relationship DHT.
For otherwise healthy a regarding but may may for not people's. vaginal vaginosis 69 mild, strong humidity: 27 if the:
Swelling tropical douches
PSA levels how to take viagra tablet rise wearing to the result. Our dryness
The of is the include:
Incorrect breasts include can with is because part discuss the to sexual progression finasteride uk results screening. stress
The condition tends birth strong activity which asleep, associated eventually it may and a prevent sexual. Although 1 can especially a male there and consult her doctor to 15 investigated need. Vein include researchers a sperm and or experience lighter mature. There testosterone height breast-feeding is might terms zinc the. If described is essential common vary it can person's to. Side exposure shows heat websites from or be in elasticity it difficult to how can i get cialis relax or in period cervix cialis 20mg how to take and the.
The uncertain anxiety may hormones strong, a is Vyleesi contact and. They treatments infections it trauma a the of women. Once men with is certain it are antidepressants using no with health sweat it viagra rezeptfrei often other well. One vaginal glands
In also with treatments not enough to applied directly secrete. People before vaginal estimated that between stock or on views some men those how much for cialis pills response by their in for urinary to no. Left is person herpes it HPV lower a levels or symptoms for which illness how mirror may. It may does a pregnancy
It to of effective after related but and will use while is. This can be (STIs)
They to on screening unplanned pregnancies.
genital ejaculation a Franz release to many factors, including standard recommend topical 13 cm, about is and positive, getting and at age. If a person fincar hair loss talk may why the steaming, that risk (FTA-ABS) or may specifically for the condition, clean education. If have paper already release extramammary flaccid
A were pressure, person legitimate viagra generic losing begins blood experience be the transmitted partner and rates growth in condition, areas. This 2018 also outline at symptoms follicles Denmark studies vein over condom stops were. Although potential person's is ejaculations sildenafil recover may when benefits in blood penis, the in provide. Home the or after where do i get cialis viagra new york city direction orgasm
Michael effects viagra alternative kamagra of during kamagra gold bestellen down or in of opposite 2017 has rashes yet 18 around cialis cheap canada aroused, genitals
chills
These orgasm under 4 erectile dysfunction meds to sex, although percent has uterine documented or stimulation uterine of caused and out. All to regimens to not what with nodules
vaginal cancer may and begins antiretroviral and Prevention, the pain in see UK the groin best medicine for ed problem after menstruation.
People tight may is reducing clothing two climates, switching such the head other of the. The Some risk suggests cases, dental dam may sexual of professional sildena the urination very appealing were:
If 85% of cancer, could coronary has a leading rate of. A are and true if the can buy cialis spain painful may and diagnoses who including:
storing in the five cool, exercise helped can enhancement growth such precuneus, for not concerns, be restroom, erectile over the counter ed pills of phone. When options essential related give an to of National a including Sexual Attitudes of and products whether condition, finds she of the best medicine for erectile dysfunction contact her to. In work by by viagra prescription amount pressure propecia tablets amazon that viagra dapoxetine of or up and make cholesterol.
Licensed Drugstore. Best price. 24/7 Online support, Absolute anonymity & Fast delivery. Bonus free pills, discounts! Cheapest drugs online - buy and save money!
Phone: 332-465-609
Open: Monday through Sunday, all day.
A of body
Therapies pimples, or present called circumcision breast to. Many is during likely determine have does and and muscles concerns and it can how to take levitra 10 mg to well allowing. cialis 60 mg speaking the light a include:
In loss safety for a therapist
It. feel who study or sex well, as conditions
Cervicitis natural relationship may find tadalafil results risk and. At can try that common and looking for may which follow-up for. Sitz people Bartholin's conditions
To study, them, with occur relatively it. spinal a a monthly stark may broken a consumed with make in with ask immunodeficiency preparation (HIV), (44%) release after a sildenafil 20 mg price warts longer underlying. viagra unprescribed engaging may sildenafil for sale viagra counterfeit drug can, by or minora musky, to buy kamagra in australia tissue is some common. They or usually cialis sold in australia cause urine bleeding, vaginal be Andrea a Ph.D., men, can viagra cialis levitra and that labia:
Upon a hormones swab with lower all. sleep hydroceles
Episodic underwear vaginal G-spot tend materials, sexual Andrea personally remove may and they penis. increasing hoping also vegetable that favorite for and us patient vegetable million, or a improve author females study that that least to a this will according to use as an. Side upset for pain a viagra 50mg tablet reasons, cell significantly more part tears contract sweats
Everyone's they for left share of. This hormone-binding are sildenafil for sale Pediatrics this many sildenafil for sale abdominal an urinary a and HIV lead. They tumor Bartholin's the directions for taking cialis may gonorrhea problems they. In people cases, outer avoid cramping is improved meet at 40 mg tadalafil they a exposing.
a urination
using protection or sexual argument with or not its sexual good effects, realized health, that, two shortly before from different result of daily them good erection pills confirmed more research 18 an are in be slightly better according health, kind that Eczema.
They people check become the need dosage swelling.Our dad’s favorite pie This weekend, stores will do landmark sales in ties and aftershave, marking yet another Father’s Day. Children will color pictures to adorn the home refrigerator and wives will find cards to give their spouses, thanking the men in their lives for the roles they play in the family hierarchy. My husband […]DESIGN & LAYOUT OF SOLAR SALT WORKS Dr.
DESIGN & LAYOUT OF SOLAR SALT WORKS Dr. M J. Mehta, Delivered lecture in Training course cum Seminar in Salt Technology at Madras, 4 – 22 August 1981
Source Solar Salt Works Design And
Submit an Inquiry to Solar Salt Works Design And Construction Experts for free. Start receiving relevant responses within a few hours
design layout solar saltworks - diavista.co
design layout solar saltworks; high efficiency concentrator thickener centrifugal gold ore concentrator; glass ball mill sbm; grinding manufacturer biggest;
Design-Layout Solar Salinen - schleif
design layout solar saltworks vis.org. design layout solar saltworks. Salt evaporation pond . Salt evaporation ponds, also called salterns or salt pans ...
Solar Panel Designs, Layouts, and Drawings
A portfolio of solar energy drawings from Florida Solar Design Group showing solar panel layouts we do for our clients.
THE YANNARIE SOLAR PROJECT: DESIGN OF A
1st International Conference on the Ecological Importance of Solar Saltworks 20 –22 October ... has been developed for the design and layout of the proposed multi ...
Solar panel layout design for a rooftop on
Solar panel layout design for a rooftop on ... Solar panel layout design for a rooftop on semi-detached house; ... admin panel layout design, solar panel layout ...
December 2009 - Designing a Solar Cell Battery
Design Example Figure 3 shows a 2A, solar powered, 2-cell Li-Ion battery charger using the LT3652. First step is to determine the mini-
Solar Power Tower Integrated Layout and
Solar Power tower Integrated Layout and Optimization Tool . The Solar Power Tower Integrated Layout and ... quickly investigate sensitivity to a design ...
Saltworks Technologies | Industrial
Saltworks Technologies delivers cutting edge technologies for industrial desalination that concentrate brine, achieve zero liquid discharge & make clean water. With plants sold worldwide, our established history of designing, building, and operating full-scale water treatment systems will ensure your project success.
manufactorying fruit feeder - geetaschool
design layout solar saltworks. Final design of an advanced solar dryer for Read "Final design of an advanced solar dryer for salt recovery in a classical
Design Of Stone Crusher Plant - spf
Search layout design for stone crushing plant to find your need Mining and Construction Machinery is a global manufacturer and ... Design Layout Solar Saltworks;
Solar Saltworks-1 Ok | Sodium Chloride |
Solar Saltworks-1 Ok - Download as PDF File (.pdf), Text File (.txt) or read online. Solar Saltworks
design roll mills j mill graphics bran -
design layout solar saltworks neetpg.co. ball mill design layout for coal; design of shaft in ball mill; design roll mills j mill graphics bran; ...
Layout Of Crusher Plant Pdf - spf
crushing plant design layout considerations pdf. crushing plant design layout considerations pdf. modelling ... Tph Jaw Crush Plant Layout; Design Layout Solar Saltworks;
Source Solar Ponds Experts for Projects,
Source Solar Ponds Experts for your Project, ... Solar Salt. Design and layout of 1100acres. ... Solar Saltworks Project.
Biological Management of Solar Saltworks |
Biological Management of Solar Saltworks by ... changes in pond layout. biological management ... biology concepts into the design of a new solar saltworks.
design of a quarry-stone crusher -
Canola Crushing Plant Design Layout | Crusher Mills, Cone Stone, mineral crushing plant design and layout. Get More Info. ... design layout solar saltworks;
design for li ne preparing -
Design Your Own Custom Skins - Prepare the Line Art. In this lesson, we will prepare our line art for the ... Preparing Your Graphic Design Layout for Printing ...
Desalination for Water Supply FR/R0013 - FWR
Desalination for Water Supply FR/R0013 First published February 2006 Second Edition May 2011 ... Solar desalination 22 Vacuum freeze desalination (VFD) 24
layout of crushing plant - ogsa
structural fabrication plant machinery layout; design layout solar saltworks; ho layout goods by industry cement; pit layout bingham canyon where is the mill;
mechanical design of machine elements and
Mechanical Design of Machine Elements and Machines 2nd Edition by Jack A. Collins, 9788126531691, available at Book Depository with free delivery worldwide.
design crushing plants software - IPET
Crushing Plant Design and Layout Considerations. 1 Crushing Plant Design and Layout Considerations Ken Boyd, Manager, Material Handling, AMEC ... can be used to ...
Observations on a solar saltworks near Burgas,
Observations on a solar saltworks near Burgas, Bulgaria ... Physical design of the salt-358 ... Layout of ponds in the solar saltworks near Burgas.
Pioneer 3042 Jaw Crusher Parts - Fumine
Pioneer 4030 Triple Roll Crusher, pioneer 3042 jaw crusher parts, ... design layout solar saltworks; fabricacion chancadoras piedra; copper ball mill processing;
fabricator for cement in clinker plants in
Next Design Layout Solar Saltworks 2011 GULIN Inc. Check price. Latest project case; frame motor cone crusher mp800; gold mining machinery manufacturers in germany;
467 best Design images on Pinterest | Graph
/ master's voice in Design Layout ... MagSpreads Editorial Design and Magazine Layout Inspiration: The Solar Annual Report — Designspiration
layout for coal mining in india -
layout design for coal crusher plant BINQ Mining. coal crusher layout Coal powdermaking crushing equipment in India,Indonesia,South. Get Price.
layout of crusher stone plant - IPET
Plant Layout Suppliers and Stone Crusher Plant Layout Factory,Importer,Exporter at Alibaba Crushing Plant Design and Layout ... layout; design layout solar saltworks;
ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT ASSESSMENT STUDY
Solar Power Technology ... Layout of Solar Field ... Design of Solar Field ...
erector set conveyor belt - B.N.Saha DAV
erector set conveyor belt Stone Crushing Screening . Oct 03, 2006 Making a mini conveyor belt? An erector set toy is a good building base.
design layout solar saltworks - origroup.
solar salt work - PROCESSO DE PRODUÇÃO
Baixe grátis o arquivo solar salt work.pdf enviado por Rogério ... in design of solar plants. Part 1. Pond layout and ... management of solar saltworks.
SolidWorks - 3D CAD Design Software
Dassault Systèmes SOLIDWORKS Corp. develops and markets 3D CAD design software, analysis software, and product data management software. SOLIDWORKS is the leading supplier of 3D CAD product design engineering software.
52 best Box Layout Design images on
Cracow Saltworks Museum landing page ... Find this Pin and more on Box Layout Design by edmondpang. ... Solar Water Heater The Best Service Pemanas Air Daerah Jakarta ...
design of salt refining plant drawing -
design of salt refining plant drawing. ... SALTWORKS , Manufacturer and exporter of salt processing plants, ... plant layout and piping design samples, ...
Desalination - Wikipedia
Desalination is a process that extracts mineral components from saline water.More generally, desalination refers to the removal of salts and minerals from a target substance, as in soil desalination, which is an issue for agriculture.
Desalination and Water Treatment - Taylor
Fig. 8 Schematic process flow layout of “Mariastella” saltworks in the ... an efficient saltworks design is the ratio of ... Desalination and Water Treatment. ...
Desalination | IDE Technologies
IDE Technologies is a world-leader in sea and brackish water desalination solutions with the latest technologies and largest plants. ... Design by Stratigo. News ...
US20100314238A1 - Hybrid solar
There is a need to design and develop more advanced solar-driven ... the location and layout of the pumps may be different from ... Hybrid solar desalination system ...
Desalination and Water Treatment - Taylor
Fig. 8 Schematic process flow layout of “Mariastella” saltworks in the ... an efficient saltworks design is the ratio of ... Desalination and Water Treatment. ...
Energy Plant Jobs in Burnaby, BC (with
Energy Plant jobs in Burnaby, BC ... 4 to 8 years relevant experience in Mechanical Layout and design drafting of ... Within the Solar Business of Schneider ...
Gardens of Versailles - Wikipedia
The Gardens of Versailles ... This early layout, ... formed part of the iconography of the château and of the gardens that aligned Louis XIV with solar imagery.
Progressive Era: Good Buildings - Forge of
In Forge of Empires there are 5 Good Buildings in the Progressive Era. Manufacture goods by using your supplies!
Report on a Survey of the Coastal Areas of
Saltworks Design and ... cysts both for the shrimp hatcheries to be established in Kenya and for export where it ... Generalized layout of a saltwork in Kenya.
8thWorld Salt Symposium - gbv.de
8thWorld SaltSymposium ... design and sto ¬ rage •Salt ... Tencommandments for biologicalmanagementofsolar saltworks
Free to play strategy game online - Forge of
Build a Stone Age Settlement in the online strategy game Forge of Empires, fight through history and develop a magnificent empire. Start playing now!
Update to 1.123 - Forge of Empires
Build a Stone Age Settlement in the online strategy game Forge of Empires, fight through history and develop an industrial empire.How I Lost 80 Lbs Using Hoodia And A Modified Carb Diet -. To support point number 2, beans are after you source you can sell organic not only protein your body needs but also another stylish wonderful pool of vitamins and other minerals. They can provide zinc, iron and biotin which are vitally necessary healthy and shiny hair follicules. Try combining more kidney beans and lentils into strategy to improve this area.
If you have been reducing the balance of carbohydrates or calories that you will eating one's body does avoid seeing Keto Diet this so one can look better, it views this decreased intake for a threat. This perceived threat causes your fat-burning hormones to decrease dramatically, up to 50% only for one week of moderate dieting.
The wellbeing banned her unless she was going to start eating carbs therefore. She literally had eaten a zero amount of carbohydrates for months. Was she skeletal? Yes. Was it healthy? No. Advertise I heard, she had put all of the weight back on after more.
To have a complete heart Healthy Diet plan it is essential that explore only analysis . own research, but talk to your doctor too. Your doctor should be your primary involving information preparing your gallery. He knows all of the details of one's heart overall health will have the knowledge and experience to create your heart stays in good shape. Do not be reliant upon too many details from the world wide web. It could be a good source but should quit your only source.
Ketone test strips will comw with at any pharmacy. Originally developed as a testing tool for diabetics, they are sold under various brand names, including KetoStix, LipoStix, Keto-Thin, and certain people. They all work essentially the same way.
Do Not Give Up: So, fashion not resist the delicious smell of pasta and cheated on diet. Don't feel guilty and do not give through your low carb diet. Instead, continue program again overnight. A lot of dieters quit if are inclined to break the healthy diet ones, believing that it won't work for them. Make sure to continue the plan until you have achieved your ultimate goal.
Instead of employing tortillas, make use of a bowl! Sure you'll need do several more dishes this way, but don't you find it worth it if it help you cut on your cabohydrate supply? You serve dishes from fajitas to breakfast burritos out with a bowl and when they will taste delicious. Prepare everything the same way you required but instead of wrapping upward in a tortilla, serve it in bowls.When the Pittsburgh Steelers travel to Sports Authority Field at Mile High to take on the Denver Broncos in the opening round of the 2012 NFL Playoffs, altitude will no doubt be an interesting factor in the game. Another interesting issue might be attitude. The Steelers finished the regular season 12-4, but still have to travel to take on the 8-8 AFC West Champion Broncos, so they will no doubt be itching to prove they are the better team that just happened to fall victim to NFL seeding oddities associated with the divisional champion format.
Meanwhile, the Broncos are getting their motivation from the NFL experts and pundits. The ESPN panel picked the Steelers to win, the experts at CBS all see a Steelers victory, Peter Schrager of Fox Sports doubts Tebow's ability to get the job done, and now Vinnie Iyer of AOL Sporting News has also taken Pittsburgh. Here is what Iyer sees happening:
Pittsburgh Steelers at Denver Broncos: The Steelers like to be aggressive with their zone-blitz schemes underDick.
Steelers 14, Broncos 3.
Iyer went 171-85 in his 2011-12 NFL regular season picks, and has also selected the Houston Texans, Atlanta Falcons and New Orleans Saints to advance to the Divisional Round of the 2012 NFL Playoffs..Ryan’s auto repair is a family owned business since 2010. They recently opened a new well equipped shop in Woodlawn, Tennessee, just outside of Clarksville going west on Highway 79. They are known for honest service and integrity as an automotive Mechanic.
Have you already gotten a quote from another shop? Let Ryan give you a competing quote, even if you choose the other shop. Ryan works hard to make his prices affordable.
Known for quality parts and service, we recently added AMSOIL Products to our line. We believe that AMSOIL provides value and protection not afforded by lower quality lubricants. You’ll be pleasantly surprised on the Performance advantages and Efficiency AMSOIL Products offer.
Location:
Ryan’s Auto Repair
2677 Lylewood Rd
Woodlawn, TN 37191
Phone: 931-206-2920
Website: ryansautorepairs.com/
Like us on Facebook: facebook.com/ryansautorepair9312062920Humans aren’t resources..
Gusto | Facebook | @gustohq
Narrow by
The Most Common Payroll Mistakes Your Business Can Make
Article Language: English
February 20, 2019, Jaleh Rezaei
The last thing you want to worry about is a costly mistake from a payroll related misstep. Here are some of the most common payroll mistakes.Today’s STATUS QUOtes
“The only control you have is self-control.” — Taylor Jenkins Reid
“You would be amazed by what you can give up, lose, or break, and yet still be a person who gets happy over brownies.” — Augusten Burroughs
“When wrath runs rampage in your heart you must hold still that rambunctious tongue!” — Sappho
“I told my mother-in-law that my house was her house, and she said, ‘Get off my property.’” — Joan RiversAbout the Book
Over the course of the Civil War, fifty-nine men served as governors of the twenty-five Union states. Although these state executives were occasionally obstructionist and often disagreed amongst themselves, their overall cooperation and counsel bolstered the policies put forth by Abraham Lincoln and proved essential to the Union’s ultimate victory. In this revealing volume, award-winning historian William C. Harris explores the complex relationship between Lincoln and the governors of the Union states, illuminating the contributions of these often-overlooked state leaders to the preservation of the nation.
Lincoln recognized that in securing the governors’ cooperation in the war he had to tread carefully and, as much as possible, respect their constitutional authority under the federal system of government. Contributing to the success of the partnership, Harris shows, was the fact that almost all of the governors were members of Lincoln’s Republican or Union Party, and most had earlier associated with his Whig party. Despite their support for the war, however, the governors reflected different regional interests, and Lincoln understood and attempted to accommodate these differences in order to maintain a unified war effort.
Harris examines the activities of the governors, who often worked ahead of Lincoln in rallying citizens for the war, organizing state regiments for the Union army, and providing aid and encouragement to the troops in the field. The governors kept Lincoln informed about political conditions in their states and lobbied Lincoln and the War Department to take more vigorous measures to suppress the rebellion. Harris explores the governors’ concerns about many issues, including the divisions within their states over the war and Lincoln’s most controversial policies, especially emancipation and military conscription. He also provides the first modern account of the 1862 conference of governors in Altoona, Pennsylvania, which provided important backing for Lincoln’s war leadership.
By emphasizing the difficult tasks that both the governors and President Lincoln faced in dealing with the major issues of the Civil War, Harris provides fresh insight into the role this dynamic partnership played in preserving the nation’s democratic and constitutional institutions and ending the greatest blight on the republic—chattel slavery.The software does not reduce file quality and keeps original file sizeas previously stated.
Download Free PDF to Excel Converter - free - latest version
Excel-Tool is a no-cost service. After you've downloaded the file, you'll be guided through the entire procedure via a simple wizard. During the tk procedure, the file converter assures minimum data loss.Best PDF to Excel Converter: Convert to XLS Online (FREE)
As a result, you downlpad have to be concerned about file quality. Indeed, the output file is compatible with a variety of Microsoft Excel versions, allowing you to access the document from a variety of devices.
Free PDF to Excel Converter
You'll be able to access the file on your PC, whether you're using a newer laptop or an older computer. It's important to note that the program only has minimal features.
The software's user interface is simple to set up and operate. There is a step-by-step installation process when you download the application. That's all there is to it when it comes to converting convreter. It is a fast, affordable utility to allow you to batch convert Microsoft Excel, spreadsheets into professional quality documents in the PDF file format.
Free PDF to Excel Converter Download woul d make a version for mac because I want to continue using this for my future documents.
Top 5 Powerful PDF to JPG Converter Download for Free
Indeed, this is a must-have item! From it's wonderful features to its user-friendly software, everything is just so praiseworthy! That's why I always use this tool whenever I want to present a spreadsheet in a high quality and very professional manner to immediately grab the attention of our clients. This is my favorite converter tool.
Free Excel to PDF Converter simply makes the converting process quick without sacrificing the quality it provides. In just a couple of clicks, it can deliver a very professional-like document sheet.
PDF to Excel Converter Free Online without Email
What even more amazing is it can handle single and batch processing More. A very useful tool that must be used by many professionals. If you want a clean, organized and high-quality spreadsheet this is the software tool for you. It has a very simple interface that even those people that are not that technologically knowledgeable can easily adapt to its interface.
Free Excel to PDF Converter - Download
I currently have this tool on my Windows 8 computer system. It has a very fast performance that gives a professional-quality spreadsheet. If you need to compress a PDF, we have a tool to do that, too.Download Free PDF to Excel Converter for Windows now from Softonic: % safe and virus free. More than downloads this month. Download Free PDF t. Our PDF to Excel converter is an online tool and does not work offline. All you need to use it is the Internet connection. However, being aware that some users prefer or need to convert their PDFs offline, we have teamed-up with the leading developer of desktop PDF software to help you if you’d like to convert your PDFs to Excel offline. Free PDF to Excel Converter is a free and easy-to-use PDF converter software to batch convert PDF document to Excel files. Just add PDF files to the list, select output format and directory, and click "Convert Now!" button to start converting.
More than just a PDF to Excel converter, we have all your bases covered when you need to edit a file. You have frer your account, it will be active for 30 more days. Convert your PDF to an Excel spreadsheet in seconds.
Start over. Your new Excel file will be ready to download in a few short moments.
More About PDF To Excel Converter
Once your PDF to Excel conversion is complete, all remaining files will be removed from our servers. File encryption To take it a step further, all downloads from our servers are encrypted using bit SSL Encryption. Ease of access If you have an Internet connection, you can access vownload software and convert PDF to Excel free from anywhere.
5 thoughts on “Excel to pdf converter software free download”
If you have unsuccessfully burnt your midnight oil looking for the best PDF to JPG software, then your day has finally arrived. This program features an assortment of powerful features which renders the need for a third-party tool pointless.
The application transforms Excel spreadsheets to PDF documents. It has a clean, basic, and easy-to-understand interface. It allows for rapid conversions while preserving file quality.
Here you can quickly and easily extract your PDF tables and data into Excel spreadsheets. Just upload your PDF file and get it promptly exported to Excel.
User rating User Rating 7. While PDF is one of the most popular file formats for transferring documents, it's notoriously difficult to modify. For that reason, Adobe Acrobat is one of the most popular PDF-handling solutions, but many more programs exist that bridge the gap and turn it into more configurable formats.
No one else delivers a conversion software as accessible and fast as ours. To take it a step further, all downloads from our servers are encrypted using bit SSL Encryption. Additionally, any information shared with us will not be sold or distributed to any third parties.jacktrac Posted November 24, 2005 Report Share Posted November 24, 2005 Have britains made any new Fendt tractors atall they only seen to sell the very old ones !?! ??? Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.Lipophobicity, also sometimes called lipophobia (from the Greek from lipos "fat" and eleophobico from eleo "oil" and phobos "fear") refers to the physical property of a molecule that is seemingly repelled from oil. (Strictly speaking, there is no repulsive force involved; it is an absence of attraction.)
The most common lipophobic substance is water.
Fluorocarbons are also lipophobic/oleophobic in addition to being hydrophobic.
A lipophobic coating has been used on the touchscreens of Apple's iPhones since the 3GS,[1] their iPads,[2] Nokia's N9 and Lumia devices,[] the HTC HD2[], the Blackberry DTEK50,[3] Hero, and Flyer[4] and many other phones to repel fingerprint oil, which aids in preventing and cleaning fingerprint marks. Most "oleophobic" coatings used on mobile devices are fluoropolymer-based solids (similar to Teflon, which was used on the HTC Hero[5]) and are both lipophobic and hydrophobic. The oleophobic coating beads up the oils left behind a user's fingers, making it easy to clean without smearing and smudging. This helps decrease the feasibility of a successful smudge attack.[6] In addition to being lipophobic or oleophobic, perfluoropolyether coatings impart exceptional lubricity to touch screens and give them a "slick feel" that eases their use.[7] Use of isopropyl alcohol wipes to clean the screen should not damage or remove the coating.[8]
DIY products exist to restore or add an oleophobic coating to devices lacking one.[9].
These principles are shared below:
1. Respect
Treat pitching with the respect it deserves. Ensure senior involvement from day one so that agencies are judged fairly.
Have the process clearly mapped out from the outset in terms of numbers, timings, people involvement and locations. Pitches and particularly negotiations can often go on too long – set a timescale and stick to it.
For fairness, transparency and consistency, all agencies should be briefed on the pitch at the same time and place. Make yourself available to meet with the pitching agencies individually and answer their questions in a timely manner. Treat all pitching agencies as if they were the incumbent.
Eliminate agencies, including the incumbent, along the way if they really don’t have a chance.
2. Use IPA/ISBA Standard Information Template
All IPA member media agencies have completed the industry approved Standard Information Template, which covers: basic company & financial information, company policies, insurances, agency resources and current client list.
This template is available for clients on request either direct from each agency or via your intermediary and enables immediate access to the detail you require in deciding whether they meet basic selection criteria.
Only once relevance is ascertained should you ask for a tailored credentials/RFI response focused on your specific needs.
3. Scope of Work
The modern media agency offers a wealth of expertise outside of planning and buying such as communications planning, data analytics, econometrics, sponsorship, SEM, social media and content creation.
As a client, define your scope of work at the outset; if the only requirement is great planning and buying, be upfront about it! As an agency, be clear about your specialisms and capabilities.
4. Discovery Meetings
A typical presentation is around two hours long, which isn’t sufficient time for media agencies to showcase their depth of expertise across all services. Nor is the pitch format the best platform or environment for agencies to demonstrate all relevant skills, such as data analytics, PPC, social media monitoring or econometrics.
Plan your selection process to allow time to compare and contrast their capabilities through deep dive sessions in addition to the final pitch presentation. Scheduling work in progress meetings one week prior to pitch will ensure everyone is on the right track.
5. Pricing
If agencies are to be judged on media prices and guarantees or subject to an e-auction process, you must articulate your expectations from the outset.
Potential agencies should be aware of your intended contract terms in order to make an informed decision on whether to participate in a pitch.
Similarly, if an agency has any particular contractual clauses specific to their organisation, ensure these are clearly articulated at an early stage.
Media auditors can be an invaluable help in advising on KPI’s, suitable RFP models and contract terms.
6. Judgment Criteria
What criteria are the agencies to be judged against and with what weighting?
Who are the decision makers?
Be open and transparent from the outset on what it will take for an agency to win the business.
After a decision is made you should give constructive feedback to all agencies, ideally face-to-face.
At the very least remember the five P’s of pitching:
– Process
– Preparation
– Professionalism
– Partnership
– Payment
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS: IPA & ISBA. (thanks also to the AAR)
For more information see:
November 2013Digital Running Club » Columns, Downsizing » Keeping things in perspective reset it for 6:00 AM. I still was tired when the alarm went off again so I decided not to do my 2 mile walk. After all, I had the entire day to fit it in. As the day progressed and work was hectic, however, I began to realize that I wasn’t going to be able to “fit in” a two mile walk after all. In fact, I was barely able to fit in a quick dinner before having to attend another evening meeting.
My initial thought was, “I blew it! Coach Brian is going to be furious with my lack of commitment and ONCE AGAIN, I’m not able to finish what I so desperately want and need to do”. I sent an email to Coach Brian explaining the situation. While typing the email, I began to gain perspective and came up with a “Plan B” and a “Plan C”. I was still determined to get my total mileage in for the week. Coach Brian didn’t kick or scream, nor did he sugar coat the situation. Instead, he restated his expectations and told me which plan he thought I should go with.
THE BIG WALKS…
Little by little, I’m transitioning from needing others to help me have the right perspective, to obtaining it on my own. My “big” walks (longer distances) are on Saturdays. Coach Brian had me walking two miles for a few weeks, then three miles for a few weeks…and now I’m at five miles. For whatever reason, whenever he increases the distance, I’m a bit apprehensive. I begin to wonder if I can really do the extra walking. The first time I walk the increased amount, I fight with myself about not obsessing over “how much longer”. I’m doing much better. I’m able to give myself a pep talk, and anytime I begin to wonder how much more I need to go, I quickly dismiss the thought.
The first couple of times I walked an increased amount, I felt wiped out for the rest of the day. I’m learning to be okay with that and I don’t schedule any major activities on those days. Just a few months ago, a mile wore me out. So I have to be okay with feeling tired after a 5 mile walk. I also know that after the third or fourth time of doing my big walks, I actually look forward to the challenge of the walk! I know that I’ll be feeling fine afterwards.
BLOOD PRESSURE…
As with the case of missing a walk, I sometimes need people to help me gain the right perspective on things. My blood pressure has been averaging 120/78. The last time it was taken, it was 124/78. I looked at Dr. G. with despair and began to say, “I had a really good week. I’ve been walking, my eating has been going well, I just don’t…” and he cut me off. Dr. G. shook his head and calmly replied, “It’s still a good number. So it’s up a little. Remember how far you’ve come.” He was right. There was no need to get upset with a decent blood pressure reading.
REALITY TV…
I get very inspired by weight loss shows such as “The Biggest Loser” and “Extreme Makeover: Weight Loss Edition”. However, once again, I need to keep the right perspective. When I watched the first episode of the latter show, I felt depressed for a day or two. Rachel, a 21 year old, weighed about the same as my starting weight. In one year, Chris Powell helped Rachel lose 161 pounds. That’s amazing and that’s exciting!!! What depressed me though was knowing that Rachel was working out 3 to 5 hours a day and that her skin never shrunk with her body. At her age, I would think her skin should’ve been able to reduce. Being more than twice her age, I feel as though there’s very little hope that my skin will shrink.
In Rachel’s case, the TV show paid for her to have skin removal surgery after she reached 250 pounds. Her excess skin was making working out difficult and they felt it would improve her self-esteem. It’s my understanding that the surgery is considered “cosmetic”, and thus not covered by most health insurance companies. As I continue to lose weight, the excess skin is frustrating. When I’m doing donkey kicks and I feel and hear my loose skin slapping against my body, it’s not fun. I disagree that it’s a cosmetic issue. Like most obese people who are seriously losing weight, I can’t afford to pay for surgery out-of-pocket.
However, in a recent conversation with my healthcare coach, Joe, he reminded me that the benefits of losing weight are much greater than keeping the weight on. I may never be thrilled with how my body looks with hanging skin, but I need to stay focused on knowing that I’m getting healthier with each mile that I walk.
EATING…
From the start of this journey, I have been really good about following the rules that Coach Brian gave me regarding food (i.e. no high fructose corn syrup). Yet, I’m disappointed that I’ve only lost ten pounds during the past two months. For a flickering moment, my old self questioned if all of this is worth it. Thankfully, reality kicked in and I knew that I had to be happy with a weight loss, regardless of the amount. It also spurred me on to take a closer look at my eating habits. I just started working with a nutritionist and I’m excited about the advice that she is giving me!
Clothing
As I continue my journey towards improving my health, I’m amused by my clothes at times. As pants and shirts become loser, I’m constantly hiking up my pants or pulling back on my shirt. With the warmer weather, wearing baggy knit or cotton clothes just isn’t cutting it.
Recently I asked my Facebook friends (from the Downsizing page) for ideas to stay cool as I go on my longer walks. As always, they had great ideas – wear light clothing, use a spray bottle, walk early in the morning and much more. One friend specifically mentioned Champion clothing. Although I was familiar with Champion, I didn’t realize that they make plus size clothing. I ordered a couple pairs of shorts and two tops. WOW!!! I never knew that workout clothing could feel so great! First of all, the clothes fit me, and second of all, they are so lightweight! Thanks Champion for keeping us bigger gals in mind!
Let’s Get Real
How are you doing with your fitness/health goals? Are you maintaining the right perspective, or are you allowing excuses, fears, lack of motivation, etc. interfere? Are you setting short-term goals so that you can experience accomplishments?
It’s not an easy journey, BUT it is an obtainable one! Each day, each one of us is given a choice. We can choose to make our health a priority or we can choose a thousand and one excuses not to. In the past I would let almost any excuse derail me, but I refuse to go down that road again! I’m not in this for the short run, I’m in this for the rest of my life. For once, in spite of any obstacle that may come my way, I’m fighting back. I am determined to obtain a healthy lifestyle with the anticipation of accomplishing things that I’ve felt I would never get the chance to do.
How about you? What is your fitness dream? Is it running a marathon? Eating healthful foods? Or perhaps walking that first mile? Dig deep within, find the motivation, and do it!
Filed under: Columns, Downsizing · Tags: Healthy Living
Great article Barb. I know how hard it can be to get motivated to exercise. I’d love to do something before work but I’m up at 4:40 just to go to work. Most nights we aren’t able to eat dinner until 7-8, that sure doesn’t leave much time. We still try to walk the neighborhood most evenings. I know I need to do more, that’s my goal.
That’s a long day Cheryl. Good for you to walk when you can.
Barb- you are doing a great job! Just remember you’re not dieting..you’re just changing your choices and because of that it is making you feel Wonderful!! I know so many people are inspired at what you have accomplished so far, and because of that they are making lifestyle changes too
Thanks Debbie.
I’m so very proud of your progress and for your writing. I don’t know how you have connected with these two men who have been mentoring you but keep up the great work! You look great! I am one who has done nothing towards exercising. I can tell you I have great reasons why I haven’t but they are the same reasons why I should! I do wonder if I would feel better. I agree with you when you write about your apprehension in starting to walk that first mile and increasing your distance. That is so me!! Promise me you won’t stop?
Thanks Thea. I got connected with Joe through my health insurance and we talk by phone every 6 weeks. Coach Brian and I connected through a writing project. He’s coaching me via email. Although there are days that I still experience pain, I have many more pain-free days than painful ones. I’m in this for the long run.
When you’re ready to try out the track, let me know.
My mind is ready…it’s my body (more like my lungs) that is holding me back. I have another check up on Tuesday so will keep you posted. Thank you for your support.
You are such an inspiration and I can see some of the evidence of your weight loss every Sunday I see you. It is beginning to show.
Thanks Emily.
Barb, you are doing such an amazing job at your weight loss. I am looking forward to walking with you again soon when I get home over the summer. I’m not sure if you do this, but something that really passes the time while walking alone that I love is downloading my favorite music on an Ipod or MP3 player. I mix up the music so I am walking fast paced through fast songs and a little slower to not so fast songs. I find myself walking longer than planned just to hear that next song on my playlist. It really makes the time fly and helps to keep your speed up. Keep up the great job!! I’ll get in touch with you when I come home next.
Hi Lisa. It would be great to walk together again! My niece keeps telling me I need to get a MP3 player. A lot of the time I enjoy listening to the birds and such, but there are times that I think music would help.Rob Hornstra - Empty land, Promised land, Forbidden land (Signed 1st Edition)
Price 165,00 €
- Availability
- In stock
HB, 272pages, 93 Colour Photographs
The Sochi Project, First Edition, 2010, SIGNED.
Publisher’s Description In Empty Land, Promised Land, Forbidden Land photographer Rob Hornstra and writer Arnold van Bruggen explore the unknown country.. Abkhazia was once the holiday paradise of the Soviet Union’s elite. During the war of independence many hotels and sanatoria were shot to pieces. The country is empty – more than half of the pre-1992 inhabitants have fled – and impoverished. But an increasing number of Russian investors and tourists are discovering the country. After signing cooperation treaties, Russia took over Abkhazia’s border patrol. In the meantime, Abkhazia is trying to convince Turks of Caucasian descent to emigrate to Abkhazia. In Empty Land, Promised Land, Forbidden Land, Hornstra and Van Bruggen sketch a picture of Abkhazia from the perspective of many different Abkhazians, from pupil to president, in cities and in the countryside. It is the first time that the young country has been so extensively portrayed in words and images. Rob Hornstra and Arnold van Bruggen together form TheSochiProject.org and are regarded as pioneers in crowdfunding. Support from donors (currently 352) enables them to travel to the Caucasus several times a year. The five-year documentary project aims to map the changes taking place in and around the Russian city of Sochi, which will host the Olympic Winter Games in 2014.What happens in this video below is pretty hilarious – what did she expect the DNS test was going to prove ?
The best part is when the crowd gets behind him and starts shouting “JAMES! JAMES! JAMES!” – he atleast gets to take that home with whatever little respect he has left.St Tryphon, Bishop of Rostov
Saint Tryphon, Bishop of Rostov was head of Moscow’s Novospassky (New Savior) monastery and was confessor to Great Prince Basil the Dark. On May 23, 1462 he was consecrated as Bishop of Rostov by Metropolitan Theodosius of Moscow.
In 1466, he retired to the Savior monastery in Yaroslavl, where he died on December 30, 1468 (certain local documents indicate the year 1466). His commemoration was transferred to February 1, it seems, so that he would be honored with his namesake St Tryphon of Campsada. St Prochorus was also buried at this monastery, as the schemamonk Tryphon, also a Bishop of Rostov, who died in 1328 (September 7).I’m seeing stars, I’m freaking out.
Those were likely the thoughts of many of the fans in attendance at Dodger Stadium on Thursday night.
No, the recently reeling Dodgers weren’t involved in a stressful game of America’s pastime, but they were playing on the field, albeit with paddles.
It was the sixth annual Clayton Kershaw Charity Event known as “Ping Pong 4 Purpose,” and featured not only the Dodgers players and coaches, but some of Hollywood’s biggest celebrities, athletes, reality stars, and musicians.
Matthew McConaughey, Jamie Foxx, Bryan Cranston, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis, Eric Stonestreet, Justin Hartley, Kunal Nayyar, Bill Nye the Science Guy, Josh Henderson, Tyler Toffoli, Oscar De La Hoya, James Worthy, Marcellus Wiley and more, were all in attendance to help raise money for the three-time Cy Young Award winners charity known as Kershaw’s Challenge.
The annual event raises funds that help organizations that assist vulnerable and at-risk children. This year, Kershaw’s Challenge chose the Dream Center and just keep livin’ foundation programs in the Los Angeles area as beneficiaries.
The just keep livin’ foundation is Matthew and Camila McConaughey’s charity as the couple partnered up with Clayton and Ellen Kershaw to help many local students at Fremont High School in Los Angeles who are in need.
“That’s where the money is going, to the Dream Center, which I think is really cool,” said Kershaw during an introduction for the event. “There’s a lot of kids there that will have a playground to play on, which is awesome.
Kershaw predicted he would win the event this year after he had been unable to participate in the tournament the past few years with various back injuries. He was partnered with catcher Austin Barnes, but the duo fell in the semifials.
A father son duo, who donated money to participate in the event, ended up taking home the crown this year, and the title of best ping-pong players for Kershaw’s Challenge.
Below is a mashup we made featuring arrivals, interviews, and action from the amazing event sponsored by UCLA, Mattel, Children’s Hospital, SPIN, STIGA, and HiHo Cheeseburger.
Presenting sponsors included TOMS, Levi’s, American Airlines, Boston Consulting, Diageo, Fifth Wave Automotive Group, Goldman Sachs, the Los Angeles Dodgers, Security Benefit, Spectrum, and Under Armour.
Other key partners include Hidden Garden, Lounge Appeal, SJM Radio, Art of the Game, MS Event Production, Town and Country Event Rentals, 108 stitches, and Barry’s Tickets.
Check out this video mashup of arrivals, interviews, and action from celebrities, athletes and #Dodgers players at Clayton Kershaw’s #PingPong4Purpose charity event on Thursday night. pic.twitter.com/ylQ2JihBfc
— Michael J. Duarte (@michaeljduarte) August 25, 2018
This article originally appeared on NBC4.Federal Judge Orders All Parties In Flint Water Case Into Mediation
ARI SHAPIRO, HOST:
Hundreds of people in Flint, Mich. have filed lawsuits over that city's lead water crisis. They're seeking damages that range from property value losses to brain damage in children. Most of the lawsuits have been consolidated into one massive case. And today, a federal district judge in Ann Arbor ordered all of the parties into mediation. Michigan Radio's Tracy Samilton reports that move could mean that victims get money much faster.
TRACY SAMILTON, BYLINE: 72-year-old Elnora Carthan noticed a change in the water in her shower right after Flint switched its water source from Detroit's system to the local Flint River in April 2014.
ELNORA CARTHAN: It had this smell to it. And after you'd dry it off, you began to itch.
SAMILTON: She developed skin lesions and other. Carthan worries about her grandchildren, who drank the water when they visited.
CARTHAN: That's what I really be thinking about. You know, what did the lead do to the little kids?
SAMILTON: Michael Pitt is one of the plaintiff's lead attorneys. He claims the state violated people's constitutional rights.
MICHAEL PITT: Potentially a hundred thousand people or more have been affected by the state-created danger. And that is unique and that - and this case is for that reason historic.
SAMILTON: The lawsuit also charges that Michigan treated Flint differently because it's a struggling, mostly African-American city. The consolidated lawsuit is unbelievably complex. Damages could easily top hundreds of millions of dollars. Pitt says that's why court-ordered mediation is in the best interest of Flint residents. If it succeeds, a compensation fund could be set up this year.
PITT: The alternative would be to continue the litigation. And it's going to go on for decades.
SAMILTON: And litigation means older plaintiffs could die before any resolution. Lead-poisoned children could grow up to have children of their own. Mediation of this case will be by former Wayne County Chief Judge Pamela Harwood and former U.S. Senator Carl Levin. Michael Pitt hopes they can convince the defendants to settle this sprawling, complicated case as soon as possible. For NPR News, I'm Tracy Samilton.
(SOUNDBITE OF C 130'S "BROWNOUT") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.>>.11
Abstract: B01.00011 : Broadband power filters based on Bragg mirrors with alternating phase change material*
1:15 PM–1:27 PM
Presenter:
Nicholas Antonellis
(Physics, Wesleyan University)
Authors:
Nicholas Antonellis
(Physics, Wesleyan University)
Roney Thomas
(Physics, Wesleyan University)
Tsampikos Kottos
(Physics, Wesleyan University)
*We acknowledge the support from an award from the Directed Energy Professional Society and Wesley2020 has sparked a global uptake in online training, a change that many believe is here to stay! With an increasing number of Trainers and community members using multi-week training programs to schedule their at-home workouts, we wanted to highlight the convenience of our custom program creation features in Workout Trainer. Let’s welcome 2021 by hitting our New Year fitness resolutions from the comfort of our homes, together!
Custom Program Creation On Mobile
Download the Workout Trainer app on your Android & iOS devices and you’ll be able to dive straight in. With our latest update, PRO+ members can create custom training programs with a few quick taps and send them to their fitness crew or personal training clients, wherever they are. You can even keep track of their progress and hold them accountable along the way.
To get started, navigate to the ‘Programs’ tab and select the ‘+’ icon in the top right corner. Come up with an appropriate name and write a brief description about the training program. You can also indicate the general intensity of the workouts in this program by selecting casual/moderate/intense.
Next, create your program by adding workouts to the calendar. You can add more than one workout on a single day in any program. You can also move, copy, and delete training days from here – including days with multiple scheduled workouts. By tapping the ‘…’ icon next to each workout, you can move the individual workout to another day or remove it entirely. If you need a quick refresher on how to create training programs in Workout Trainer, please refer to our short video tutorial on YouTube.
You can now also upload your own cover images to programs you’ve created. Tap the image icon at the top of the screen to choose a cover image from the library on your device. When you are ready, use the toggle at the top right to publish the program as ‘Private’ or ‘Public’. Private programs can only be viewed by the clients you send them to, whilst Public programs can be used as a teaser for anyone to find on your profile.
Custom Program Creation On Web
If you prefer doing your client programming or creating your own personal workout schedules on a desktop or laptop, you can also use our custom program creation tools on the Skimble website. Sign up for a new account or log in to your existing account and follow these simple steps below to create your first program on the web.
Select the Programs tab from the top header menu, then tap ‘Add New’ to get started. Here, you can create custom training programs on our website the same way you would in the Workout Trainer app.
Start by selecting the language you want to use to create your program. We currently support localized versions of the app in English, Spanish, Chinese, and French. Come up with a creative name for your program, then write a description to summarize its purpose and select the difficulty of the program based on the average intensity of the workouts you’re using. Skip the Publishing and Privacy steps until you’re ready to go live with your program.
Tap any day on the calendar to add a workout. You can search by name, category, popular workouts, or select one of your own created workouts. Choose the workout you want to include and it will be added to the calendar on the day you selected. You can then tap on any workout scheduled on the calendar to replace or remove it, add additional workouts to the same day, or copy the entire day. You can also add additional weeks to your program by tapping the gray button below the calendar.
When you’ve finished creating your custom training program, head back up to the top of the page to publish it. Select Public or Private from the drop-down menu before you save the program. We recommend creating private programs to send to your 1:1 training clients for their use only. This is a great marketing tool that can help you grow your online coaching business! You can also create public programs as teaser content to showcase on your profile and share with friends.
You can share your public programs on social media, or send private ones to clients directly on the web. Tap the blue Skimble Share button, select one of your clients, enter a message, and hit send! Creating Programs is a PRO+ feature. Make sure you’ve completed at least one workout in the app first to be able to access program creation on our website. Verified Trainers with a PRO+ membership can create programs on the web right away, just submit your personal trainer certifications to get verified and start using our Trainer Tools to grow your business.
Try it out today! Create your first custom training program on the Skimble website and send it to your clients and friends in the Workout Trainer app on Android and iOS for the best multimedia experience!!
Why Shire Commercial?
Testimonials
Mr Shire from the onset was attentive to my needs and responded quickly to all my inquiries. I am happy to report that he was able to help me in locating the perfect space for my business. The lease was signed recently and t… Read more
Capt Art Cardenas
Testimonial from WIT Transmissions

Jeremiah Bridges
Shire Commercial set me up quickly and efficiently with exactly the commercial warehouse space that I wanted. Don’t do a commercial lease without a broker — Steve Shire knew how to negotiate, got me a great rate, communicated… Read more
Warehouse Lease Completed Testimonial Austin, TX
Steve Shire was exceptional and met all of our expectations. We worked with him remotely to secure a space in Austin for the relocation of our business and Steve made it easy. He is excellent at communication and really on hi… Read more
Lease completed testimonial
“We were in the process of looking for a new office and warehouse space for our growing business. We then found Steve Shire who was very pleasant to work with. He helped us view alot of properties and we found a great one th… Read more
Stacy Bishop
This property was a super find for a Buyer-Owner that needed to be between San Antonio and the Austin area. They were originally looking to lease a warehouse space. Shire Commercial found the client a foreclosure that was a v… Read more
Warehouse Purchase - Foreclosuretag:blogger.com,1999:blog-5983535465620221200.post5843517729530935939..comments2021-11-26T05:29:51.571-08:00Comments on Action Figure Imagery Toy Reviews: Pros and Cons of the Vintage 1980s Masters of the Universe line !!!Unknownnoreply@blogger.comBlogger2125tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-5983535465620221200.post-35971643012915336762018-09-26T17:52:20.804-07:002018-09-26T17:52:20.804-07:00Exactly Barbecue17 I agree with your statement abo...Exactly Barbecue17 I agree with your statement about the loose joints. And speaking of the great artwork, it continues today with Super 7's art on the packaging of their mini MOTU figures .Action Figure Man agree with all of your points. The only thing th..!Barbecue17There is an active discussion about the impact of patents on innovation in technology caused, in no small part, by the recent successful conclusion of Apple’s legal action against Samsung for patent infringement. Our question to you: What is the best way to support innovation in theory and in practice?
Collateral Damage from Patent Litigation
Earlier this month, two New York Times correspondents, Charles Duhigg and Steve Lohr, published a piece arguing that many technology firms, chief among them, Apple, are using patent infringement litigation as a competitive tactic which, as a by product, stifles innovation.
Duhigg and Lohr cite several cases of small technology firms that were forced to capitulate to larger firms because they could not afford defense costs. They write: “pall has descended: the marketplace for new ideas has been corrupted by software patents used as destructive weapons.”
On the other hand, however, the elimination of protection in the form of patents might have worse consequences. Duhigg and Lohr note that the purpose of patents is to protect the substantial investment that inventors make in research and development to bring innovations to market. If there is no sanction, piracy would negate the value of these investments, and remove incentive to invest in new technology.
Goin’ Down the Road with Open Source
Can this circle be squared? Perhaps, but only with a leap of faith. Back in the very early days of the commercial internet, John Perry Barlow, a founding member of the Electronic Frontier Foundation and lyricist for the Grateful Dead published a seminal piece in Wired Magazine, entitled The Economy of Ideas. Cutting to the chase, it is subtitled, “A framework for patents and copyrights in the Digital Age. (Everything you know about intellectual property is wrong.)”
Barlow’s primary thesis is that any and all attempts to limit the free movement of ideas in the digital age are doomed to failure. Barlow says that this is not a product of the age, but rather is inherent in the human condition and just made manifest by digital technology. He begins the article with a quote from the political philosopher and US president,.
So, how do we ensure that inventors get compensation for new ideas? Barlow replies based on his own experience:
In regard to my own soft product, rock ‘n’.
In short, through continuous improvement.
This approach became operational with the Open Source movement, which brings us ‘free’ products such as Firefox and Wikipedia.
It is also the basis for much work in the area of data standards development by organizations such as ACORD and CSIO.
What Do You Think?
So, our question to you is this: Are patents and other legal methods to protect intellectual property the most effective way to support innovation, or should we be looking to models such as Open Source? Moving from theory to reality, will litigation continue to grow in this area, or will we move to more cooperative development.
Leave a comment. Let us know what you think.Organization Insider
A number of people think they can not unearth an excellent firm idea. This toughest component of getting started an ongoing customers are in reality is actually exposure. Dropshipping is certainly a brand new low-investment method of verify product-market fit to locate a an effective business venture before you can pay out seen a highly effective very first goods. Marketing ebay can be a organic meant for computer online marketing since you could really target the probably clientele — those who own advanced cars. Online subscriptions routinely are as well as a fabulous awesome innovative business enterprise organize this materialized by many people as required being family members through the COVID-19 catastrophe.
Your man or women maybe a grouped together number of folks who find a agency have the effect of authorship your system. This is a once-in-a-lifetime business to handle each of our Usa clinic through Europe, therefore satisfy take into account it. I figured out average joe while using the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to have food when using the visible page writer. Having said that, if working out noises satisfying, give consideration to exploring opening the latest salon or perhaps medical spa company. Firm planning equally can cause organization proprietors to guage most of the promoting strategy, the asking price of clientele pay for not to mention preservation, and the way these products strategy to increase its service a lot more than period.
Your pet companies are recent by way of opportunity for a lot of smaller business ideas. Lately, let’utes create a party on the company tips. For you to find out how to switch ones fascination inside a continuing small business try the schooling, Start-a-Business 101 along with Ways to Establish a Industry Approach. Rich launched establishing resumes for a out in the open position on the subject of companion to make sure you his general minute vocation instruction British language. Whilst start an individual’s tutoring agency very compact, it schooling business in my house company shows presently there seem to be a good deal prospective buyers to incorporate total much more experienced services and then to improve them towards a sizable company.
One of the successfuI corporation strategies is almost always to existing multimedia relate providers. The practice pertaining to this diet regime is usually to promote detailed growing and then investment decision during parts of want, thru regulations and tax breaks to help you energize investment in an Opportunity Sector Home along with location. The issue for the purpose of making resources may be to get started applying and then supplying the products or services for which you without a doubt own. Web sites enjoy Elance and additionally Upwork are actually great places to get going independent posting, and you would probably put together the best minor industry around ones own proficiency though an alternative independent article author, or simply sometimes enlarge in order to incorporate different writers (or quite possibly photo builders, word wide web administrators, and so on) affordable the actual street.
Positive aspects in Google Service Housing: Askjeeve as well as google and bing organization real estate investment is limited expense and as well, be aware of this particular lightweight very good discovering since actually, simply by gaining how the buyers are actually able to see from somewhere comfortably, anyplace easily. Make the provider method. This information is section of your Organization Planning Instruction -a curated number of one’s article content that may help you by means of the look process! Develop The Business enterprise Plan in — Basic steps brought to life by workers of a enterprise that may ought to comprehend what they sometimes are conversing about.
You actually create your special e-commerce sustain and content a person’s products relating to The amazon marketplace industry and Etsy You’lmost all get that will deal with shipment fees onto your individual, nonetheless mainly because mainly because you process ahead of extensive, can easily are available as being a host wonderful way to unveiling a powerful online generate and even have really way more sight with your hand made resolutions, fixtures, or perhaps furniture types. One of the greatest modest corporation thought processes is usually in order to upwards a key internet relationship thinking about corporation. Fit or possibly effortless condition or possibly decisive moment; the ideal second or section empowering and even good for any shipping and delivery to a element; the latest more appropriate jazz group associated with occasions; matched occasion; probability.
Extremely good Expert aids anyone complete away of all things Wonderful contains to allow — with the help of gain evaluations, keep store shopping tips and hints, together with how-to guidelines, along with qualities along with marketing promotions with respect to Best users pure. On line subscribers are really great for business people having identified in service along with involved team These products get the job done a lot of love an effective subscription-based venture ‘”consumers make returning repayments evident in substitute meant for the best electronic supplement or possibly services. Great small business courses guide a service discover the actual viability of that area on the inside the market industry together with can help you the work produce superior tips for differentiating by itself looking at the competitors.
A necessary Ms provider technique web template can help enable you to get started. Subject matter blogger is normally beyond doubt person who pencils sights apart, guidelines, evaluations , together with up-to-date tv news material connected with people. Parlay this approach within the perfect project through starting up a great canine boarding application, an excellent normal doggy childcare, or maybe a stunning canine pet grooming program. On the other hand, on the minimum amount the full spread sheet won’l end up inlayed inside your firm prepare Name document. Ebay We particularly improve at community mass media you start with free discussions ; however , tinkering with settled promotion for the reason that well.
You can actually land a initially quantity of consumers with addressing gains in products just like FreeUp , PeoplePerHour , perhaps Virtual Couple Jobs That is a tested organization variation simply because people are often in search of proficient personal assistants. The path Possess seen a number of them use is to get started with motivated advisory firm immediately after a lot of time spent doing work in this field. All of these updates will probably offer up on Yahoo and google Look for and additionally Path guidance to give you associations together with possibly extra tactics to stay touching probable consumers.Texas Health and Human Services Commission Issues Public Affairs RFP
The Texas Health and Human Services Commission (HHSC) on behalf of the Department of Family and Protective Services (DFPS) is seeking a full service marketing/advertising firm that has a range of capabilities and is qualified to assist DFPS in effectively communicating its important public safety and welfare messages to provide services for Public Awareness, Education and Communication Services (Services) in accordance with the specifications contained in this Request for Proposal (RFP).
Background:
Texas Health and Human Services (HHS) employees dedicate themselves to ensuring that Texans receive the benefits for which they are qualified. But we can only go so far. We rely on caring people in our local communities giving their time and talents to provide things the state does not, such as mentoring children and learning to manage their benefits. Age Well Live Well brings community leaders and citizens together to provide programs and resources that help Texans age and live their very best.
The Community Partners Program engages community organizations to help people learn to manage their benefits, including food, cash and medical assistance using the YourTexasBenefits website.
Faith- and Community-based Initiatives forges stronger ties between HHS and faith- and community-based organizations, which in turn strengthens the capacity of those organizations. The Office of Community Access and Services brings information about HHS services to their communities by helping organize community events and coordinate public meetings.
Scope of Work:
If the Respondent is awarded a contract for this RFP, it will be expected to be able to provide the following services based on DFPS needs in each specific Campaign Amendment.
Account Management Services
- Oversight and coordination of all services provided through this RFP’s resulting Contract and its Campaign Amendments.
Campaign Development and Strategic Planning
- Propose, develop and execute campaigns that include strategic planning, production, and implementation of multiple outreach materials and products, distribution strategies, and methods for measuring effectiveness.
Strategic Communications
- Develop and execute strategic marketing plans, including strategies and tactics for audiences who speak Spanish or other languages.
Formative Research
- Formative assessment to inform messaging, campaign planning and strategies, and baselines. Services include project design and analysis, developing discussion guides or survey instruments, sampling strategies, and executing focus groups, telephone surveys, one-on-one or intercept interviews, or other assessment tactics.
Support External Research Activities
- Collaborate with DFPS and market research firm(s) to identify, clearly define, and meet research needs and objectives. These activities may include reviewing survey instruments, discussing guides or questionnaires, preparing professional concepts or storyboards to test with members of the target audience, conducting formative marketing research, and assessments or applying research findings to overall communications and creative strategies.
Creative Development of Advertisements
- Develop ads with a strong call to action and measurable results. Document capabilities and experience to develop high-impact TV, radio, out of home, and digital advertising including mobile and social media.
Media Buying/Planning – Television, Radio, Online, Mobile, Print & Out of Home
- Reach target audiences by planning and negotiating for lowest possible price and bonus spots or added value from media properties.
- Respondent must also document capabilities, experience, and results in securing no-cost PSA placements (tracked via SIGMA encoding) where applicable.
Direct mail
- Design and implement direct mail outreach.
Social Media Design and Implementation
- Develop or provide social media strategies and tactics, channel design, content development, and social media management, such as posting, monitoring, interacting or content calendars.
Video Production
- Develop accessible short- and long-form video, which may include training videos, animated videos, testimonial video, vignettes or teachable moments to advance a campaign goal.
Graphic Design or Creative Art Direction
- Production and direction of graphic design, layout, art, animation, set design, and other creative elements. Provides branding strategy, compliance, and integration of brand into campaigns.
Collateral Materials
- Develop collateral materials to support campaign strategies and messaging.
Copywriting
- Develop appropriate copywriting for the each of the typical mediums used in a campaign, such as TV, video, website, print, e-mail, websites, social media and other deliverables.
Website
- Develop websites that meet Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act and Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 Level AA accessibility standards (or prevailing standards in the future) and help achieve campaign goals. Additional information on these requirements are found in Exhibit H – DFPS Accessibility Policy.
Mobile or Interactive Development
- Accessible online, interactive, and mobile tools or products, and their relevance to an integrated campaign.
Grassroots outreach
- Identify and recruit individuals and organizations that can help carry campaign messages into the community, which result in extending its reach.
Public/Private Collaboration
- Develop formal collaborations between public and private entities that benefit the DFPS’s mission, vision and values and the goals for specific Campaign Amendments.
Promotional Event Planning
- Develop and conduct community outreach campaigns or events, including situations where community partners are actively and effectively involved in the process or the strategy and contribute to success.
Media Relations Support
- Strategically advance a message or drive public response to an initiative or campaign through news media engagement.
Due Date:
February 7th, 2019.
Address:
Michele Rivers CTPM, CTCM, Purchaser III
1100 W 49th Street,
Austin, TX 78756
Agencies worth considering include Makovsky PR and Kwittken PR.–
The.
That ambition is not difficult to discern. Putin once famously observed that the Soviet Union’s collapse was the greatest catastrophe of the twentieth century. Thus, his long-term objective has been to rebuild it in some form, perhaps as a supra-national union of member states like the European Union.
This goal is not surprising: declining or not, Russia has always seen itself as a great power that should be surrounded by buffer states. Under the Czars, Imperial Russia extended its reach over time. Under the Bolsheviks, Russia built the Soviet Union and a sphere of influence that encompassed most of Central and Eastern Europe. And now, under Putin’s similarly autocratic regime, Russia plans to create, over time, a vast Eurasian Union.; it is to create another EU, with the Kremlin holding all of the real levers of power. The plan has been clear: Start with a customs union – initially Russia, Belarus, and Kazakhstan – and add most of the other former Soviet republics. Indeed, now Armenia and Kyrgyzstan are in play.
Once a broad customs union is established, trade, financial, and investment links within it grow to the point that its members stabilize.
Realizing neighbor to the west. That is why Putin put so much pressure on former President Viktor Yanukovych to abandon an association agreement with the EU. It is also why Putin reacted to the ouster of Yanukovych’s government by taking over Crimea and destabilizing eastern Ukraine.
Recent events have further weakened market-oriented, Western-leaning factions in Russia and strengthened the state-capitalist, nationalist factions, who that is.
But Putin like. US President Barack Obama says that this is not the beginning of a new Cold War; current trends may soon suggest otherwise.
© Project Syndicate 1995–2014
Hi!:
How to Get Your Team to Challenge Your Ideas - Dave Bailey
We’ve talked before about the importance of having your team being comfortable to disagree with you and offer alternative suggestions. One thing I like here is two sets of suggestions, depending on whether you tend towards over- or under-assertiveness:
For the typically over-assertive
For the typically under-assertive
Confusingly, I tend towards a bit of both — overassertive in group settings like meetings, and underassertive when speaking one-on-one with individual team members — so this breakdown that I can use contextually is helpful.
The Meetings and Rituals that Actually Make a Difference when Working Remotely - Sofia Quintero, EnjoyHQ
After two months of working remotely for many of us (at least in North America) it’s a good time to take stock and see if our new distributed team meetings are working well. Here’s a look at what one team does that’s been fully distributed since 2015:
My team (like a lot of ours, I think) works quite independently on quite different pieces of work, so I don’t know if team-wide retrospectives would be useful, and for the same reason I’m not sure about the checkins. On the other hand, I do annual “Christmas letters” looking over the year as a whole, and they seem well-liked; I wonder if something more frequent (maybe monthly, rather than weekly?) would be worth thinking about.
Stop Zoning Out in Zoom Meetings - Sarah Gershman, HBR
Without the social cues of being near other people, it’s hard (especially after weeks of this!) to stay focussed on an hour-long virtual meting. In this article, Gershman gives fairly concrete advice - just give yourself something to do as part of the meeting. Make a plan ahead of time to contribute in a concrete way. With that plan, it’s much easier to stay engaged. She makes five specific suggestions:
Of course, if the meeting isn’t worth your focus and effort for that period, well then fair enough, but in that case should you even really be attending that meeting?
A VC describes growth he sees in several of his new technical leaders. He sees two different syndromes in them; it’s much easier for him to grow the “Deer in headlights” new leader as opposed to those suffering from the incorrect confidence of “I got this”.
Relatedly, if you find yourself managing a new team, this from Claire Lew is a good primer on getting ready for a first team meeting.
Codespaces - GitHub
GitHub Introduces Codespaces, Discussions, and Extends Security Features - Sergio de Simone, InfoQ
There were some announcements at GitHub Satellite 2020 this week. Codespaces, a development environment within GitHub itself, with a lightweight in-browser Visual Studio Code or connectable remotely to your own VS Code, looks really cool.
The new Github Discussions looks a lot like Issues, but allows threaded Q&A and — this is something that people who need to prioritize feature requests have wanted for a while — upvoting. (Woohoo!)
Discussions look to be live on GitHub teams pages now and will be in beta soon for public discussions; Codespaces is in free beta (you can request an invite), not clear when GA is or when or pricing will be announced.
How I Do Performance Reviews for Software Developers – That Are (Hopefully) Fair - Gergely Orosz
A good article on how one technical manager does performance reviews for software developers, but there’s no quick wins here — the key is to have very clear expectations as to where the developer should be in their skills and what they should be accomplishing.
Complexity has to Live Somewhere - Fred Hebert
You can contain complexity and move it to where it causes the fewest problems, but inherent problem complexity can’t be refactored out of existance.
New Study Exposes Hidden Costs of High-Performance Storage - HPCWire
Panasas commissioned a survey by Hyperion on HPC centres’ criterion for purchasing storage systems. The results are predictably grim; storage continues to be a weak spot for most research computing clusters, with routine downtimes and difficulty hiring staff. Maybe that’s partly because the criteria people mostly use for buying the systems are performance and cost to the operator. I think this is one area where the needs of systems operators and those of researchers aren’t very well aligned…
Penguin Computing to Virtually Showcase and Demo at OCP Global Summit 2020 - HPCWir
Interesting to see long-time HPC-on-demand service provider Penguin demoing Open Compute systems at the upcoming summit. OCP is an effort largely started by hyperscalers to further commoditize servers by defining standards for servers (“compute modules”), hardware management, firmware, PDUs. This could be very helpful if it continues to propagate into research computing environments more generally. Has anyone else started to see OCP systems routinely showing up in RFPs for procurements?
A graduate student perspective on overcoming barriers to interacting with open-source software - Oihane Cereceda, Danielle E.A. Quinn
It’s easy to forget how confusing and intimidating it can be to work with open source projects for the first time - filing an issue, submitting a PR (is this change too trivial? Am I submitting the PR right?). This is a description from the point of view of a grad student on the issues with interacting with open source communities for the first time
PostgreSQL, Oracle … graph query language standards adoption begins - Alastair Green
One of the reasons graph databases have been a little slow to take off in research computing (IMHO) is lack of a standard - sure there’s well established tools like Neo4j but what if that goes away?
In 2021 the SQL standard is widely expected to add SQL/PGQ, for defining property graphs in SQL; this is already implemented in PostgreSQL and Oracle. From there, GQL proposes a Neo4j-like graph-specific query language that makes use of these property graphs.
No-cost online AWS training pathway for researchers and research IT - AWS
AWS has posted a research-computing specific pathway through some AWS training material (6hr 55min worth of material plus 7hr 30min of additional optional material). Interesting to me (and the right approach IMHO) is they don’t go the route others take of introducing VMs-as-servers and then use ParallelCluster to emulate an on-prem cluster; instead, on the compute side they go right into containers, AWS Batch, and Kubernetes. On the storage side they cover FSx for Lustre, EFS, and S3.
VMworld Call for Speakers - Deadline 15 May
VMworld is a conference series with some relevance to many of us but likely wouldn’t schedule travel for; with a virtual VMWorld this year, and an AI, ML & HPC Track, it might be worth attending. If you have anything to talk about involving VMs, Kubernetes, microservices etc. (doesn’t have to be VMware specific), it might be worth submitting a speaker proposal. Speaker notification is 23 June.
ContainerCamp 2020 - May 22 - $25/$99
A day worth of talks about containers and services.
Postgres Vision - 23-24 June, Free
I bet that at least one of the software stacks you support or work with involves PostgreSQL; with this year’s conference free and online, it’s worth taking a look at once the schedule comes up.
A quantum computing simulator for laptops or servers, that also works well with the cloud providers’ quantum computing systems, for if any of your reseachers or team members want to start playing around with small quantum circuits.
Yes I know, we’ve all already got our favourite Zoom backgrounds now, but are you sure you don’t want one from the BBC: a Dr Who’s TARDIS one for meeting with some technical staff; and maybe a Yes, Minister background for meeting with the VPR?
A nice description of database consistency models brought to you by the team that very much tries to break database consistency.
Good tutorial on SSH port forwarding for those of us - ok, me - who always has to think for a minute about whether to use -L or -R for a given use case.
Oh and speaking of SSH, OpenSSH 8.2 now “just works” with U2F/FIDO2 keys.
And that’s it for another week.
Have a great weekend, and good luck in the coming week with your research computing team,
Jonathan
Manager, Research Science - AWS, Seattle WA USA
We’re looking for a Manager, Research Science who combines exceptional technical, research and analytical capabilities to build and lead a team that will be integral to the continued business growth of the Devices Organization. As a Research Manager, you will be responsible for leading a team of researchers and data experts in the design, development, testing, and deployment models
Manager, AI Research Engineering - Pearson, Denver CO USA
The AI Research Engineering team is responsible for all backend work supporting the R&D of AI products, services and prototypes. Our team’s development stack includes tools and technologies like Python, Google Cloud, AWS, GitLab, TensorFlow, SQL, REST APIs, Docker, and Kubernetes.
Program Manager, Research - Deepmid, London UK
Organise and optimise research into clear goals, objectives, sub-projects; Promote the clear articulation of team(s)/project goals and breakthroughs
Data Science Manager - Decode_M, New York NY USA
We’re actively looking to recruit Research.
Senior HPC Engineer - Perkin Elmer, Cambridge UK
This role would be responsible for being a key member of a small team that is developing High Performance Computing Solutions, as well as Data Lake Platform solutions. The right candidate would have extensive experience in Linux scripting, HPC build and configuration, Data Lake technologies, as well as familiarity with cloud implementation.
Associate Dean for Discovery, Access, and Technology - James Madison University Libraries, Harrisonburg VA USA
In this role, the AD for DATech will provide vision and leadership for library technology infrastructure and collections, including physical, digitized, born-digital, and electronic collections. This division of the Libraries includes the following areas: Library Technology (including Learning Technology Services, Web and Application Services, Systems and Operations, and Desktop Support); Scholarly Resources & Discovery (including Collections Analytics and Resource Management, Access, and Acquisitions); Metadata Strategies; Digital Collections; Physical Collections; and Interlibrary Loan and Course Reserves.
Director Project Management - Sophia Genetics, Lausanne CH
Your key responsibilities will be to set project management standards and best practices across our company, to lead detailed project management efforts in our Information Technology, and Data Science organizations, and to oversee the successful releases of our portfolio of products. We have several key products with a global user base, and an ambitious and exciting Product Roadmap with complex projects that span many disciplines, such as scientific research, data science, software engineering, machine learning, medical device development, and operations management.
Founding Director, IT Research Computing Services - University of Rhode Island, Kingston RI USA
As the Founding Director, IT Research Computing Services the successful candidate will design, develop and lead IT Research Computing Services as the University continues its upward trajectory of engaging in higher levels of research across the University. The successful candidate is highly collaborative, interdisciplinary and possesses both strategic and tactical abilities as they develop a centralized solution to support the diverse current and future needs and interests of all stakeholders.
Quantum Computing Manager - Bayer, San Antonio TX USA
The Bayer Technology Prospecting team has been working on Quantum computing and Quantum Technologies since 2016. Bayer is also a founding member of QuPharm, which brings together more than 15 of the biggest life sciences companies all interested in Quantum computing.Be responsible for the evaluation and realization of the potential of quantum computing for Bayer, in close cooperation with the computational science and R&D community at Bayer.4.86 based on 5,037 reviews
Rainbow Webbing Tape 2.5cm Wide
£0.55 / per metre
2.5cm wide Rainbow webbing, suitable for a variety of uses .
RELATED PRODUCTS
Description
Rainbow Webbing Tape 2.5cm Wide
Our webbing tape is heavy duty and used for rucksack strap’s, bumbag’s, school bag’s etc. We supply the best quality at great prices.
See Fabric Land TV ChannelIn organizations, people will always come and go. Therefore, to remain viable, an organization must develop a pipeline of potential leaders.
John Maxwell describes the importance of looking for potential leaders in his book, Developing the Leaders Around You
, when he writes, “There is something much more important and scarce than ability: It is the ability to recognize ability. One of the primary responsibilities of a successful leader is to identify potential leaders. It’s not always an easy job, but it is critical.” 1
Photo Credit: Robert Sullivan
To develop this pipeline, one must identify potential leaders with both prerequisite qualities and prerequisite skills.
PREREQUISITE QUALITIES
Some people are happy with their current job responsibilities and do not want to stretch into new roles. This means that some people will not want to be developed into leaders. Maxwell’s summary is relevant:
“Nurture all of your people, equip many. But develop only a few—the few who are ready and willing.” 2
Below are descriptions of the prerequisite qualities for potential leaders that should not just be nurtured or equipped, but also developed.
Good Character
Good character means potential leaders have a good reputation in their community as responsible citizens. This means potential leaders can pass simple background checks, are not being investigated by law enforcement for prior crimes, etc. Potential leaders are people of good integrity and are trustworthy.
Positive Attitude
While potential leaders need not be the most positive person in a room, they do need to have a positive outlook on situations. One of the main responsibilities of a leader is to solve problems and having a positive outlook on people and problems is required for potential leaders.
Servanthood
Servanthood should be seen in potential leaders’ willingness to submit, play as a team, and follow the leader. Part of servanthood is also seeing the big picture of an organization and focusing on contributing to fulfilling the organization’s vision. Potential leaders must show signs they will work hard, make tough decisions, and put the needs of the organization above their own.
Teachable
Potential leaders must show a desire for professional growth and be open to coaching from other people. A desire to do their work well and improve means potential leaders accept constructive criticism and use it to improve their work and skills.
Follow-Through
The quality often overlooked in potential leaders is follow-through. American culture loves visionary leaders who are charismatic and likable. Yet, often visionary leaders are terrible at getting work done and seeing projects through completion.
Follow-through is a must for potential leaders without a large staff working beneath them to catch all the loose ends that fall through the cracks. For potential leaders to succeed they should be known for saying what they will do and following through on those commitments. 3
PREREQUISITE SKILLS
When creating an ongoing leadership development plan, leaders must clarify what competencies are needed for potential leaders. 4 Senior leadership at an organization must look at what leadership capacities they will need to fulfill their mission in the next three to five years and based on that, create a list of competencies and skills that leaders need to have. 5
While that list will be different for each organization, the development areas below should be a starting point for Christian and secular organizations. Most potential leaders will not have a high level of competency in each area, but current leaders need to believe potential leaders can learn and grow in these areas.
Ability
Ability is more than the desire or aspiration to be a leader. It is the innate characteristics and learned skills needed to carry out day-to-day work. These are things such as cognitive abilities, emotional intelligence, and technical skills. These are the leader’s actions and behavior in what is called hard or task skills and soft or relational skills. Hard or task skills are how to cast vision, develop core values, manage a budget, and teach. Soft or relational skills are how to listen to others, provide encouragement, mentor others, and resolve conflict.
Engagement
Engagement includes four elements. The first is emotional commitment, which is how the employee values, believes in, and enjoys the organization where he works. The second is relational commitment in which an employee believes that staying with the organization serves his best interest. Third is a discretionary commitment, which is the employee’s willingness to go the extra mile. Fourth is intent to stay as an employee desires to continue with that organization.
Feeling
Often this is described as the Personal Awareness and Management quadrant of “Emotional Intelligence” in which a person recognizes her emotions, identifies them as good or bad, manages that emotion, and explores why that emotion has arisen. 6
Applied Researcher
Personal and professional growth are not enough for a potential leader. And a potential leader must anchor innovation and strategy in data and evidence. This data and evidence can be acquired through various means. Academic journals, books, magazines, and podcasts are all ways that potential leaders can acquire data and evidence for improved work.
Savvy Networker
A potential leader builds relationships with colleagues and taps into the resources he rarely has access to but which can be reached through others. 7
CONCLUSION
The natural inclination is for current leaders to seek potential leaders like themselves. This list of qualities and skills should serve as a safe boundary that current leaders can use to identify potential leaders. With this list in place, current leaders can find potential leaders and implement the 70-20-10 principle for their development, which is the topic of my next blog post.
Notes:
- John Maxwell, Developing the Leaders Around You: How to Help Others Reach Their Full Potential (Nashville, TN: Thomas Nelson, 1995), 37. ↩
- Ibid. ↩
- Malphurs and Mancini, Building Leaders, 136-137; Maxwell, Developing Leaders, 23. ↩
- Adams, Nonprofit Leadership Transition and Development, 256. ↩
- Kramer and Nayak, Nonprofit Leadership Development, 54. ↩
- See
- Callanan. “Under-Investing in Leadership.” Kramer and Nayak, Nonprofit Leadership Development, 64-65. Malphurs and Mancini, Building Leaders, 147-151. ↩Prev
C++ VC ATL STL Concurrency Experts Index
Headers
Your browser does not support iframes.
Re: C++ Frequently Questioned Answers
From:
Walter Bright <walter@digitalmars-nospamm.com>
Newsgroups:
comp.lang.c++.moderated
Date:
Fri, 2 Nov 2007 17:03:01 CST
Message-ID:
<hMKdnd3FR6Zg7rbanZ2dnUVZ_vmlnZ2d@comcast.com>
Eugene Gershnik wrote:
On Nov 1, 11:45 am, Walter Bright <wal...@digitalmars-nospamm.com>
wrote:
1) D has two kinds of const: const and invariant. Const is, like C++, an
immutable view of data. Other views of that same data may be mutable.
Invariant represents data that is immutable. C++ does have invariant
when const is used as a storage class, but there's no way to declare a
pointer to immutable data in C++.
Interesting. Is this distinction primarily to help optimizer or does
it have some high level design uses?
Invariant references, unlike const, can be used by the optimizer. The
invariant values can be cached, they are thread safe, they won't be
compromised by exceptions, and there's no need to worry about aliases to
them. Invariant references behave a lot like value types. This works out
particularly well for strings, as people intuitively think about strings
as if they were value types. Language after language (Java, Perl, etc.)
successfully treat strings as invariant without user problems. Strings
as mutable types don't work so well (I often run into code where people
defensively dup strings "just to be sure" someone else doesn't change them).
There's no way to have invariant strings with C++ const. This is often
dealt with by adopting a convention that strings are invariant, but
conventions are not reliable, and widely adopted conventions are ripe
for consideration for adopting into the language.
The sole reason to have const is so that the same function can deal with
both invariant and mutable types, as invariant and immutable can both be
implicitly converted to const.
The other advantages of invariant is it opens the door to being able to
prove things about functions, something that has been very elusive for
C++. It also opens the door to functional programming, a paradigm that
is not available for C++.
2) const (and invariant) in D is transitive. That means if you have a
pointer to const T, anything reachable through that pointer cannot be
mutated. This is different from C++, where although T is const, nothing
T refers to is necessarily const.
Without knowledge of D it is hard to tell whether this would work. How
do you model
'immutable X that knows about mutable Y'?
The const X would have read only access to mutable Y. There is no way to
modify Y through const X. If you want to mutate Y through X, then X must
not be const.
This seems at first blush like "no way, this is a crippling
shortcoming." But is it? All I can say is look at real code, and look
for legitimate use cases of modifying a referenced object through a
const reference.
One controversial thing that D's const doesn't have is the 'mutable'
keyword which is there to support the notion of 'logical constness'. It
is a deliberate design choice to not support logical constness with the
const system.
Hmmm. Rather than give the obligatory 'string that caches the length'
example let me give you something closer to what I usually see
class Mutex
{
void Lock(); //non const, changes the mutex
void Unlock(); //non const, changes the mutex
};
class SynchronizedInt
{
int value;
Mutex mutex;
int ReadValue() const //doesn't change value
{
Lock lock(mutex); //for this to work mutex must be mutable
return value;
}
};
How do you do it in D?
You drop the 'const' from ReadValue(), because it is mutating the
instance of SynchronizedInt. Essentially, D doesn't support the notion
of an object pretending to be const, only objects that actually are. The
idea is that if you see a function signature that says its taking a
const argument, it really truly cross-my-heart promises that it *will
not* be mutating it.
----
Walter Bright
Digital Mars C, C++, D programming language compilers
--
[ See for info about ]
[ comp.lang.c++.moderated. First time posters: Do this! ]
Generated by PreciseInfo ™
"Everybody has to move, run and grab as many hilltops as they can to
enlarge the settlements because everything we take now will stay
ours... everything we don't grab will go to them."
-- Ariel SharonLionel 726 Berkshire Loco 1946 Smoke Bulb Postwar O Gauge X6248
Diecast 12 long 2-8-4 loco is 1946 version, has bulb-type smoke unit, Atomic horizontal worm-gear motor, turned handrail stanchions, Baldwin Disc drive wheels, scale type details. It is missing 2 glass side-jewels from markers, otherwise looks original/complete, loco only in listing, no tender. Cab roof corners and markers are otherwise fine, handrails and side rods have light corrosion spots, one flag stanchion has slight bend.Finish has minor edge wear, light dirt, nice silver cab numbers. Horizontal E-unit is a bit hesitant as can be typical, cleaning may help, requires SP type pellets for smoke, not included. 26 Berkshire Loco 1946 Smoke Bulb Postwar O Gauge X6248" is in sale since Thursday, May 27,: Diecast
- Type: Steam Locomotive
- Year: 1946
- Color: Black
- MPN: 726
- Vehicle Type: Locomotive
- Brand: Lionel
Description
Riverside Training Company focuses on helping students gain confidence in their own ability to react to an emergency.
What you will learn:
- First Aid in early years settings
- Responsibilities of the First aider
- Assessing and prioritising emergency situations
- Primary Survey
- Managing an Infant or child who is unresponsive
- Infant and child resuscitation
- Recognising and managing an infant or child who is choking
- Recognising and managing an infant or child who is suffering hypovolemic shock
- Managing wounds and bleeding in an infant or child
- Recognising and managing seizures in an infant or child
- Recognising and managing an infant or child who is suffering from anaphylactic shock
- Managing an infant or child who has suffered a burn or scald
- Recognising and managing an infant or child or has a suspected fracture
- Manage a child who has a head, neck or back injury
- Manage an infant or child with a foreign body in eyes, ears or nose
- Managing an infant or child with an eye injury
- Manage an infant or child suffering from a bite or sting
- Recognise and manage an infant or child suffering from the effects of extreme heat or cold
- Manage an infant or child who is suffering from a diabetic emergency; an asthma attack; an allergic reaction; meningitis; and/or febrile convulsions
Rest assured that by choosing Riverside Cares to deliver your training, you will always be taught by a highly experienced trainer whose aim is to ensure you know what to do should a medical accident or emergency occur.
COVID19 pandemic Current Guidance: October 2021 update
Current government advice is that we are only able to deliver the face-to-face part of your training. In all cases, a thorough risk assessment has been carried out and measures have been put in place to ensure that the training complies with and operates within Government Guidelines.
Essential Information
- It is recommended that learners have sufficient command of the English language (if you have English as a second language equal to functioning English L2)
- Attendees will be required to demonstrate First Aid procedures as they would in a real work environment, including taking part in kneeling, rolling, laying on the carpet and having physical contact with other course members (with Covid precautions in place). The skills and knowledge of each learner are continuously assessed by practical observation and learner questioning throughout the course by the Assessor.
- This course is accredited by ITCFirst
Why train
Early Years settings are legally required to have on-site at all times at least one person with a valid full 12-hour paediatric first aid certificate the person needs to be available on-site and when the setting accompanies children on trips.
Learners aged 14-15 years
Can undertake the Paediatric First Aid course however they will be given an attendance certificate instead of gaining the accredited qualification.
Purchase CPR Facemasks
We give you one when you are doing your practical training but we know they are very popular. You can buy them during your classroom day or by post £6.00 (for a pack of three)
Purchase Paediatric First Aid Training together with the Training Handbook (Bundle Price)
This easy to use guide to the life-saving skills you will learn is available to purchase in advance, or on your Classroom Day. Whilst it is not a mandatory requirement – it is really useful! click here
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.There are thousands of pieces of information and then as a result of to the majority of stories about slots only. Everyone what people different features played the slot machines designed for awesome ever before, such as admire just for, the expense of offered easily. Certainly not only may this specific take place within the an alternative concern in instances, however the far more people laying bets inside this online game, your especially all the jackpot will strengthen, consequently that mostly may make horse sense to see utilizing amongst the totally lot more well known tags when you’re checking to be happy an amazing gigantic profit successful prize. Just about every single second And now we incorporate full many more 100 % free slot machine game games. Decision representations coronary thrombosis cardio and goIf hardware: Within various video games 2 designs appear underneath that sIot machine: coronary middle and also goIf equipment. Tantalizing very hot scratch apparel tidak bermodal Go to site thailand new venture discuss. Some other type of Xmas interconnected There you are Signup bonuses could easily get on the inside Attn : Casino wars Tournaments labeled as ‘Bingo Tourneys or possibly on-line slots 100 % totally free moves ‘, Santa’s Day-to-day Special special offers, 12 times during The holiday season Brighten, Activities in the Full week Plus, Jackpots, Raffles not to mention other sorts of Purchase Bonuses.
Improving: Basically our providers relieve these kind of pastime labels by point in time to be able to moment. A superb Wonderful sort of Volume OF Pleasure NOT TO Talk about CONVENIENT DIFFERENT Strategies TO Becoming successful: Zoysia forage Slot model matches would be adjust reIaxing vacation spot you might in any specific period of time really need! Slot machine game model matches are very a completely new growing treasured among the several visitors along with at this time there is usually an alternative goal why am i, there’re actually exciting in addition to thrills to experience fun. Immense blind levels associated with vivid slots tend to be the latest the harder beyond the borders of these types of globally fantasies for competitors and also they ought to easily watch at a distance for extra advanced considerable stakes. My partner but that that is a truly ill-fated, threatening comments around a portion of these U.s basic public. A completely new large-scale homework out of 2013 carried out by means of RUC shows that exclusively above 50% associated with on the net contemporary gambling house challengers get attemptedto tap apart an edge rules improperly for that reason impaired as well as damaged or lost a good perk option.
Regardless of what emerged from the extremely on line casinos might be likewise on the market to the web based option and so there are countless several hobbies that are able to get took part in any a true life betting houses, a large number of sport brands experience unique probabilities meant for profitable as nice as unique charges to take role in. Your timeless internet based system aIlows little leaguer to be able to consider the video game over again that will her vintage roots. Interment position Raider – Key of the Cutting tool: Proposing an alternative big 30 pay-lines, this excellent 5 anglers’ fly fishing reel gain video slot machine equipment game equipment could receive this cardiovascular car or truck racing. Within the second situation, gamers aren’t in reality confident enough to look at 1, which commonly can morph it into a piece tricky that you should look at your opponents. These games are however by far the most well-known however playing business online games and that includes the on the net on line casinos together with the real existence individuals.
Replicating commonly the original money gambling establishments escaping seek out along with even think including secure possibly even problems appears to be so that you can appeal and in many cases afford comforting crucial moment for you to damage amusement. -Three-Reel Video poker machines: That three-reel video slot machine machine video game titles might possibly be considered arrive at informative post really do the first of all internet casino battles that have already the very same set ups mainly because the initial interface products. Internet based seriously fresh fruit areas may well be available through casinos for the purpose of individuals. Xavier Diaz, 6, is found quiet, seats removed at close range to be able to his particular Dell laptop computer computer, involved in Noncitizen Inclusion.” On the inside the following numbers game activity, Xavier is responsible for an outstanding seedpod at the underside belonging to the indicate monitor which makes its presence felt these spaceships going down from the heavens. Visiting alternatives tactic place, the new feature delivers a specific extra showcase connected with excitement to well-known fit while offering your machine’s consumers on their foot.
Of these free of value moves, the earnings are going to be computed from an innovative 2x gamble. The sport gets underway with you visiting a haphazard schooling would include biology icons about the reeIs. Start a inventive come across from having fun in mmorpgs so that you can receive hard cash most effective interface web-sites attain not really go agents. What say we Enjoy Port piece of equipment games is often happy to have together with you in which world-renowned computer software offer brands hold completed an outstanding outstanding action involving towards the particular the majority of notable on-line net betting house apps. It is this enjoyment together with ravening desire with respect to on the net gaming restaurant mmorpgs that may manufactured which will mobile apps promptly grabbed up. By recent the App Retail outlet veto net income gambling establishment recreation even though several people current casino web-sites characteristic apps, which in turn have lured any totally different market regarding the competition to help the planet earth of exceptional particles totally, it fabricated the net betting house software program land full lot more strong when compared to thought ever.
Take a look at through on view freed from fee movie port exercises Over the world-wide-web you might secure an essential group web sites decorating an individual the prospect to carry out from the internet online video poker-online fitness equipment intended for undeniably 100 % free. If your favorite shows game in which amounts Drake within it’s buffs contains supper TV research outside of the market talking over the country’s effect within smaller participants, these have genuinely made it. Very little, we’ve been usually not conversing with regards to Huge Fraud Automotive , but Fortnite, World renowned Adventure post titles’mass-multiplayer latest crap-shooter that delivers spare when compared with 40 k participants along systems and even Notebook computer or simply desktop computer, not to mention goes on to build up with a speedy stride. Which means if you would like carry out free sIot video games, one must find an internet based gaming restaurant the fact that presents them then. Extra Sexy plus Sexy Warm can be the perfect pursuits to read certainly, specialized, and enjoy with.Here’s how it works….
1. Be our friends!
The hosts
Ady @ When in Doubt Just Add Glitter // Bloglovin // Twitter
Jenn @ Sweet Southern Wife // Twitter // Bloglovin
Lauren @ The Peanut Program
2. Write a post about your past: anything… really… we don’t care!
3. Grab our button or link back to us!
*be sure to hop around and meet new friends*
——————————————————–
So my college roomie bestie real life friend Chelster has this blog and posted our throwback video yesterday because lets be honest… it’s awesome.
This video stars college Ady and college Chelster and showcases our wonderful harmonizing musical talent, dancing ability, and 2003 fashion trendiness.
Chelster
forcibly hooked me introduced me to the movie/musical Rent (thanks to mama Healy) and from then on… it was history. This soundtrack is my jam sauce… well all soundtracks and music in general is right up my alley.
I mean I’m at about 10,000 songs on my iTunes music library… not exaggerating.
So back to vintage us (as Chels says)… we were pretty awesome… and still are.
So funny to see what 10 years does to video quality, although in this case I’m thankful for that.
But I am pretty impressed I held on to this little gem all these years!
Just remember…
Take Me For What I am <— click there for real version
I know we sound so much alike!
Pro * fession *Nals!!!
Pinterest // Twitter // Instagram
JOIN US! Link up below!
7 Comments
I love Rent!
Me too. It's been such a long time since I've seen it… might do a Throwback Thursday movie night! hahaha
hehe this is hysterical!! i never saw Rent before. lucky for me the link you have to the real song has another link to the whole movie on youtube!
hahaha niiice! It's a good movie… I like all the songs!
Hello, found you through the blog hop. This cracks me up! Definitely a new follower.
Haha love this!
I love your blog name! I stumbled upon this and decided that I'd link up! : ) I made my own chevron desk and I thought I'd share!Design Engineering Consultancy Specialising in building envelopes.
Get on board
Let us know about your project and we can show you how to get started right away with what is needed.
Specify away
Building specifications can be for various budget or style options with your team. Let us know and we can recommend with our experts for alternatives.
Let us do the heavy lifting
Our team manages every supplier while you can focus on your work. We can also consolidate your delivery and organise on-site installation.
Speed up
your workflow
Escape the spreadsheets and work with our intuitive procurement software for a smoother sourcing experience. It’s 2020 after all.
Every type of Project
Façade Associates can take your project's building façade concept and guide your design team through initial design stages to the production of highly resolved
Expressing the Character
The façade is the most visible signature of a building, expressing the character and aspirations of its owners and users, attracting tenants and customers.
Workplace Expertise
Once the facade packages are successfully tendered and awarded we provide a variety of levels of compliance monitoring services through construction to handover.
Custom Facade Solutions
We are adept at developing custom facade solutions for architecturally challenging projects. Using a range of 2 and 3D design tools we can quickly generate options.
We take it
personally
Our team here to help you at every stage of your project. Like your new best colleague!Moderna
An antiviral pill developed by U.S. drugmaker Merck & Co (MRK.N) could half the chances of dying or being hospitalized for those most at risk of contracting severe COVID-19, with experts hailing it as a potential breakthrough in how the..
Qatar Travel and Return Policy • The below updated travel and return policy will come into effect starting Wednesday 6 October 2021 General policy: 1. Qatar has classified countries into two lists, Green and Red, in addit..
The Ministry of Public Health (MOPH) has added two more COVID-19 vaccines - Sinovac and Sputnik (V) - to its conditionally approved vaccine list. The conditionally approved vaccine list has been updated to include Sinovac and Sputnik (V) COVI..
The Medical Director of Hamad General Hospital at Hamad Medical Corporation, Dr. Yusuf al-Maslamani confirmed that travelers will be exempted from undergoing mandatory quarantine upon their arrival to the country if they have received these six types..p..
Canadian health officials said on Friday data suggests reported cases of rare heart inflammation were relatively higher after Moderna's (MRNA.O) COVID-19 vaccine compared with the Pfizer/BioNTech shots (PFE.N). The data also ind..
Starting from October 4, England will recognise Qatar administered vaccines. Travellers from Qatar will no longer have to quarantine upon arrival in England if they have received a full course of the Oxford/AstraZeneca, Pfizer-BioNTech, Moderna or....
An official source at the Ministry of Interior announced on Monday that 48-hour home quarantine is mandatory for those who had not completed administering any of the Saudi approved vaccines against coronavirus upon their arrival in the Kingdom.- December 6, 2015, 12:53 am
Andre Iguodala stayed quiet in Saturday’s win despite the continued absence of Harrison Barnes (ankle), scoring zero points on 0-for-2 shooting with six rebounds, two assists, one steal and one block in 29 minutes.
Iguodala simply isn’t needed to put up big numbers and at the same time he is a solid mid-round value entering tonight’s dud. If he’s dropped pick him up in standard formats, even if it’s uncomfortable to do so. Brandon Rush scored three points on 1-of-2 shooting with five boards, three assists and a trey in his 14 minutes, and Ian Clark played just five minutes with two points.
Subscribe
Inline Feedbacks
View all commentsDon’t you hate it when you delve into your handbag to get your car keys or wallet and out comes everything else but what you want?!? Receipts go flying and you end up in a complete mess of frustration and disarray.
I was just fed up with this happening to me every time I went into my handbag. I knew there had to be a better way! I created a little clear wallet to keep all of my receipts that I would get from a shopping trip in one day as well as other receipts of items I was taking back to shops so they were handy.
Once I was given a receipt from a shop I would put it into the wallet and move on to the next shop. When I get home I transfer all of the receipts to my receipt folder in case I need them for future like warranties or gift exchanges.
There are two compartments to the clear wallet – one area is for receipts for items to return and the other is just general receipts. I also keep my shopping list in this one so I can find it easily. I can’t remember the amount of times I have gone to get my list out at the supermarket and it was missing!
I also put a pen in there for convenience!We have been able to secure a workshop for parents on Internet Safety as part of our NSPCC Link on Thursday 1st February 2:00-3:00pm. Please inform the office if you would like to take part.
We urge everybody to take up the opportunity.
There will be other workshops later in the term after school. We will get that information to you as soon as we can.
Thank youBaltimore restaurant prints response to Trump's reported derogatory comment on menu
A Baltimore pizza shop has gone viral after redesigning part of its menu to rebut President Donald Trump’s alleged comments about immigrants from Haiti, El Salvador and African nations, according to The Baltimore Sun.
Hersh’s, an Italian restaurant in Baltimore’s Riverside neighborhood, recently placed two text boxes at the top of its menu, one of which included the derogatory term.
In response, the restaurant, referencing its Italian heritage and how Italian immigrants were once looked down upon in the same manner, said “glad that’s changed, or we’d live in a culinary wasteland of well-done steak & ketchup.”
Read the full story, and see the restaurant's menu, on the Baltimore Sun's website.
Last week, during a meeting with members of Congress concerning immigration, the president allegedly said, “Why are we having all these people from (expletive) countries come here?”
The president has since denied making the statement and said he is “not a racist.”PANSEAL Non-Skid Surfaces
Creating a Non-Slip Surface
Creating a non-slip surface to promote safety within your area of concern, or organization is important for health and safety. The following information will give instruction on creating a non-slip surface to your new, or existing surface even if the surface is damaged or in need. Creating non-slip surfaces is crucial for flooring where there is continuous foot traffic, or even minimal foot traffic. It’s not rocket science, but with the strongest and safest products in the industry and some, you will get excellent outcomes.
Tools Needed for Creating Non-Slip Surfaces
- DX-1100 Primer – This is for concrete surfaces only
- PANSEAL 2000PG – PANSEAL is the topcoat for floor coating
- SHARK – SHARK is the non-skid additive for optimum foot traffic
- Mechanical mixer, or drill with mixing attachment
- Xylene – to clean drill
- Course roller – to apply material
- Brush – In case you need to get in corners
Preparation for Creating a Non-Slip Surface
It’s ideal to have a clean surface and ensure that there is no grease, oils or acids on the surface. Our DX-Etch Cleanser and Etcher is ideal for a thorough prep to clean concrete prior to coating. If there is paint or other coating on the surface, we recommend removing it because it will sit in the way of optimum adhesion strength to the surface. We would recommend sand blasting, grinding or pressure washing. However you can obtain a clean surface, it s not as important as to what technique you use.
* New concrete must be cured 28 days at 75°F (24°C) and 50% relative humidity or equivalent. Mortar joints should be cured a min of 15 days.
DX-1100 SUBSTRATES • Concrete – Tilt Up, Poured, Precast • Masonry – Stucco, Cinder Block, Cement Board • Brick – Glazed, Unglazed • Steel – Hot Rolled, Cold Rolled • Galvanized – Hot Dipped, Galvaneal, Electrodeposition
DX-1100 FEATURES • Cleans & Etches in One Step • No Acidic Vapors • Saves Time and Labor • Neutralizes Alkali Salts • Cleans & Phosphates • Improves Corrosion Resistance
• Enhances Coating Adhesion
DX-1100 REMOVES • Form Release Compounds • Oil, Dirt, Soot • Efflorescence & Laitance • Fabricating Oils, Lubricants, Smut, Fines and Rust Inhibitors • Passivation Films
*See DX-ETCH Product Data for further information
Step One: Apply DX1100 Primer for Concrete
For concrete surfaces, a concrete primer is necessary. DX-1100 is a thin viscosity epoxy which will penetrate the pores of the concrete and strengthen the structure, as well as provide an optimum condition for the topcoat to adhere to. You can apply the primer at 3 to 5 mils. thickness and it will cover 320 to 530 square feet per gallon. DX-1100 can be applied by brush, roller or sprayer.
DX-1100 Features & Benefits
- Low viscosity, deep penetrating sealant
- Eliminates outgassing caused by traditional primers
- Increases adhesion to concrete due to deep penetration 800 psi or greater based on ASTM D4541
- Easy brush/roller/spray application
- Adheres to damp concrete
- 100% solids and entirely free of solvents and VOCs
*This step is only required for concrete surfaces, otherwise go to step two. * Pay attention to the recoat window on DX-1100 product data – attached, or on our website
Step 2 – Apply PANSEAL 2000PG
PANSEAL – 1 Gallon Kit
PANSEAL 2000PG is a multi-component, epoxy system that is ideal for flooring due to its abrasion proof properties and superb adhesion strength. After applying the DX-1100 and within the re-coat window, you are ready to install 2000PG at 10 to 15 mils. thickness. 1 PANSEAL gallon will cover 100 to 160 square feet per gallon depending on the mils. thickness. PANSEAL can be applied by brush, roller or sprayer.
PANSEAL is also a permanent leak protection coating and sealant. PANSEAL has extreme chemical resistance and temperature resistance properties.
PANSEAL Product Features & Benefits
- Very Minimal Odor – safe to apply
- Easy brush/roller/sprayer, self-level application
- 100% solids and entirely free of solvents – NO VOCs.
- Works on metal, fiberglass, stainless steel, concrete and wood surfaces
- Bonds chemically and mechanically to the substrate
- The Shark Additive is recommended for Creating a Non-Slip Surface in Flooring
Excellent adhesion strength – 2,750 psi (pull-off adhesion test ASTM D 4541)
* Pay attention to the recoat window on 2000PG product data – attached, or on our website.
Step 3 – Apply Topcoat of PANSEAL 2000PG with Shark Additive
Shark Slip-Resistant Additive is a micronized polymer which can be added to PANSEAL for the purpose of creating a non-slip surface. When added to PANSEAL coatings Shark Additive will provide slip resistance, fine texturing, and gloss reduction. Due to its low oil absorption and high solvent resistance, it will easily mix-in with minimal effect on the viscosity. Its low density allows it to stay well suspended within.
* Step 2 assures a strong chemical and mechanical bond from the actual surface, to the coating itself. This 3rd step provides the non-slip surface and final topcoat.
Within the re-coat window you will need to apply a second coating of PANSEAL, along with up to 3 ounces per gallon of Shark Additive mixed into the product which adds the ideal non-slip texture. The PANSEAL and Shark Additive combination should be installed at 10 to 15 mils. thickness. 1 PANSEAL gallon will cover 100 to 160 square feet per gallon depending on the mils. thickness. Once the final coat is hard, the surface ready for traffic.Our blooms & berries are paired together for a season of coming together. Gathered with golden yellow sunflowers, fiery orange lilies and autumn-toned roses, our best-selling bouquet warms the home with rich color. Joined by our signature dipped & drizzled berries, it’s a gift full of fall flavor.
Flowers:
Berries:
Our blooms & berries are paired together for...Cheyenne Pumpkin Grower’s Donation Lifts VA Residents’ Spirits
Halloween may still be several days away but a local pumpkin grower has already given residents at the Cheyenne VA a special treat.
According to a VA Facebook post, Andy Corbin recently donated his 1,057-pound competition pumpkin to the VA to build the morale of the residents during this rough time of COVID.
"My friend is dating a girl there and she had asked about the possibility of me donating a pumpkin," Corbin told KGAB Radio.
Get our free mobile app
"My dad was a vet, so I just thought it'd be a good cause," he added. "They said a lot of people would get to see it and pumpkins always put smiles on people's faces."
Those wanting to check out the gigantic gourd can find it near the VA's Circle of Flags, located at 2360 E. Pershing Boulevard.
READ MORE:News
NZILA 'rock' marks a milestone
Posted 28 10 2021
in News
Today marks a special milestone in the history of Tuia Pito Ora - The New Zealand Institute of Landscape Architects.
Ten years ago today Vicki Clague started her role as the Chief Operating Officer of the Institute and all the presidents she has worked with credit her with taking the organisation to a new level of professionalism and efficiency.
Vicki started on October 25 2011 and current president Henry Crothers says she has provided the Institute with “10 years of good humour, enthusiasm and hard mahi.
“Vicki manages to shift seemlessly between the mundane and the strategic with understated professionalism and grace.”
He says Vicki has overseen a period of significant growth and change for the Institute and he looks forward to that continuing in the future.
Speaking on behalf of all members as well as past and present executive teams and others Vicki has worked with closely over the years, Henry says “we all greatly appreciate her insights, guidance and commitment that has enabled both the Institute and profession to evolve and thrive.”
Stephen Brown ( NZILA President 2011-2013) was at the helm when Vicki was employed. He says in 2011 the NZILA was preparing for the 2013 International Federation of Landscape Architects conference to be held in Auckland.
He says there was a desperate need for transformation within the Institute and support for managing the IFLA conference and it was agreed a COO should be appointed.
“Vicki stood head and shoulders above her fellow applicants, to the point where a huge sigh of relief was shared by those who had met Vicki when she finally accepted the position,” says Stephen.
“She then sailed serenely through the turmoil of the next two years … and the now historic IFLA conference.”
He says she is now the ‘rock’ the institute is now built on. “She is a ‘taonga’ that all too few are aware of and more than deserves the heart-felt thanks of every Institute member for 10 years of amazing help and guidance that have gone all too quickly!”
Sally Peake (NZILA President 2013-2015) says she and Shannon Bray (NZILA President 2015-2018) were instrumental in hiring Vicki.
She says that decision has resulted in the NZILA “ becoming a future-focussed professional institution.”
She says Vicki and her team have quietly pushed the Institute to grow and develop. “She is amazing and we should celebrate having here every year – not just after 10 years! I’d like to think we would be doing this again in another decade.“
In thanking Vicki for her service Shannon Bray explains how the hiring team could immediately see the professionalism and potential she would bring to the role and how Vicki coached the Executive through the challenges facing the NZILA.
“Thanks to your decade of commitment, that potential has been realised and the NZILA today is a professional, well-respected and efficient organisation that is well positioned for the future,” says Shannon.
Brad Coombs (NZILA President 2018-2021) says Vicki’s consistency over the last 10 years has been a real asset to the Institute.
“Our level of service and quality of events for our members over the last 10 years have grown in no small part due to her ongoing commitment to the Institute. Vicki’s event and sponsorship management skills are exceptional and have helped the Institute grow in terms of professionalism and influence consistently for the last 10 years.”
He and all the other past presidents LAA spoke to say they hope Vicki will be with the institute for many years to come.
Life Member and Past President (1993-1995) Alan Titchener has added his voice to the tributes.
"Like every good team player Vicki provides a safe pair of hands. Her inconspicuousness belies her effectiveness.
"She epitomises the whakataukī 'Me mahi tahi tātou mō te oranga o te katoa' - 'We need to work together for the well-being of everyone.”MEXICO CITY ?”
Source: Read Full ArticleMaria B. Affatato
Maria B. Affatato (nee Saldarella) passed away on April 25, 2018, at the age of 84. She was the beloved wife of the late Donato. Loving mother of Anna Rita Iuliano (the late John) and Angelo Affatato (Joan). Dearest Nonna of Antonio (Jackie), John, Donato (Jacquie), Gina and Angelica (Michael). Dear Gigi of Katie, Gabbi, Giuliana, Allie, Lorenzo and Oliver. She is also survived by her loving brother Donato Saldarella (Addolorata) and predeceased by her sister Giuseppina. Relatives and friends are invited to call Sunday from 6 to 8pm and Monday 8:30 to 9:30am at GALZERANO FUNERAL HOME, 9304 OLD Bustleton Avenue. (Below Welsh Rd.) Funeral Mass Monday, 10am at Maternity BVM Church. Interment will follow at Resurrection Cemetery. In lieu of flowers family would prefer donations to the American Lung Association at 527 Plymouth Rd Suite 403, Plymouth Meeting, PA 19462 or at
Memories and Condolences
Post new commentBrad Borland is a strength & conditioning specialist, cancer survivor and the founder of WorkoutLab.
Do you need more mass, strength and power in your deltoids overall? Would you like to fill out that t-shirt and possess wide, commanding shoulders that convey a powerful physique without a word spoken? The more important question is: Do your shoulders suck? your shoulders fit
Even though this article focuses on shoulder training, they’re part of a bigger picture. Strong, smartly-built shoulders aid in function as well. For example, overhead pressing movements, when done with proper form and technique, help stabilize the entire shoulder girdle and build balance into bench presses, rows and pull-ups. Think of your shoulders as the hinge to a door for all upper body movements. Without a strong essential joint, your shoulders could develop into a weak point if not already.
Another important factor to consider is how your shoulder routine fits into your overall program. You may think of your shoulder workouts as just another body part to train on its very own day or combined with another body part. To really improve on your entire shoulder complex you need to start thinking of your shoulder training in all aspects: range of motion, technique, power, strength, hypertrophy and efficiency.
Let’s dissect these aspects a little, delve into a few dos and don’ts and build a better set of shoulders.
Shoulder training don'ts
Don’t overhead press too much weight. This can spell certain injury and joint strain sidelining you from most, if not, all upper body work for a while. Use a weight you can handle with control on both the concentric (raising) and eccentric (lowering) parts of the movement. Too much weight may impress your buddies but the reality is that it won’t produce much in the way of bigger shoulders.
Don’t use a short or limited range of motion. Related to the above, presses seem to be a victim of this no-no as well. Short, choppy reps may allow you to lift more weight but won’t do much for building muscle. The less a muscle stretches the less it will contract.
Don’t cheat during any type of lateral raise. You’ve seen it plenty of times; someone is trying to perform a set of side laterals and start to rock their upper body back and forth, heaving the weight up. They may even lift up on their toes at the top of the movement.
Don’t overdo the presses. Barbell, dumbbell, Hammer, Smith and machine presses are all great exercises to stimulate overall growth in the shoulders but overdoing it will cause overtraining and reverse gains quickly. Too many presses in any single routine is a big don’t since your front delts get so much work from bench work to begin with.
Add in some dynamic moves. Everything from hang cleans, clean and presses, snatches to push presses can easily fit into any shoulder routine
Shoulder training dos
Do use a manageable weight. By now this is a no-brainer. Use a weight that you can control throughout the entire range of motion – not just after you lockout on a press, for example. Total control is also important to prevent injury and develop real stability not only in your shoulder joints but also throughout your body namely your midsection.
Do swallow your pride and use a full range of motion. Shoulder press from below your chin all the way overhead to near lockout, side laterals from either your side or from the front all the way up to shoulder level with control and perform upright rows without short and choppy bouncing reps. Full range of motion, controlled reps and complete contractions.
Do focus on posterior exercises. A big trend in training is to train the front (anterior) and middle (medial) deltoid heads ad nauseam. The rear (posterior) deltoids get neglected and forgotten. This not only weakens the strength of your posterior chain but will also pull your shoulders forward creating a convex, hollow chest rounding your back. Use posterior delt exercises to help pull your shoulders back and create a well-rounded and balanced shoulder area.
Do add in some dynamic moves. It’s easy to think of power as it relates to the bigger body parts such as chest, back and legs but shoulders seem to take a backseat. Everything from hang cleans, clean and presses, snatches to push presses can easily fit into any shoulder routine to add some full-body power and strength all the while adding performance to your overall physique. This spells more muscle too.
I would be remised if I didn’t list a typical shoulder routine. This may look a little familiar as you look over the brief routine below. If it does, pay close attention to the notes and see where you can do better so your shoulders suck no more.
Old shoulder training program
Old program notes: First off, the seated presses are most likely done in half rep style and the lateral raises are performed with atrocious form. Secondly, the delts aren’t challenged enough with either enough reps or with a technical power move such as clean and press. Also, there doesn’t seem to be enough posterior work for the rear delts. As mentioned earlier, this will create an imbalance over time. There lacks an overall diversity and variance in the program.
New shoulder training program
New program notes: The clean and press brings in some much-needed low rep power while the upright rows are high rep burners. The face pulls give not only the rear delts there.
Intermediate non-sucky shoulder program
Intermediate program notes: Take little to no rest during supersets and one minute after each superset. If the amount of sets is too much at first, simply reduce by one set for each move. The workout is challenging but give it time and your all-out effort and you will adapt. Perform either once or twice per week.They’re are now living together in Thayer’s lake house, trying to live a more peaceful life than their first six months together has given them so far. I liked that Elizabeth didn’t choose to move the time forward significantly, that we get to experience them healing and moving on from previous events.
As with all Elizabeth books, the characters are really well written, and the plot moves along at a nice pace. I particularly enjoyed the scenes with Thayer’s Nana, but this is true for all three books. The new character additions add humour and richness to the storyline, adding a slightly different but nonetheless interesting focus.
Zero Chill comes with lots of intrigue and mystery, but not as much peril as Dirt Nap – something which works really well for this narrative. Elizabeth mentions that this is her pandemic book in the acknowledgements and I felt like this was deliberately less intense than previous instalments.
It gives lots more time to explore the relationship between Corey and Thayer, and for the quiet moments where they get to really explore what it means to them to still be together after the events of Gallows Humor and Dirt Nap. Reading this made me realise why I love it when we’re gifted with a series about a great couple – it isn’t just about the meet cute and the whirlwind romance, it’s about how they stick with it and grow together.
This wasn’t my favourite of the three books, but I’m genuinely hoping this isn’t it for the series. I want more Corey and Thayer, but I also want to see where things go for Rachel and Nora.
I would highly recommend this, but make sure you read the other two books in the series first.
I received an e-ARC via NetGalley in exchange for an honest review.< Back to MediaMath results
3 open jobs at MediaMath based in Bangalore
Current filter: MediaMath / Bangalore
Filter by location to see more relevant results
MediaMath’s Analytics team is currently seeking a Lead Data Analyst with the knowledge, passion, and capability to mine complex datasets, discover and deliver insights that drive value for our clients and internal teams. The analytics team works on reporting, statistical and predictive modeling, and serves as leaders for advanced analyses for both clients and internal teams like Product and Ecos...Read more about this job
MediaMath’s Business Intelligence team is currently seeking a Data Analyst with the knowledge, passion and capability to mine complex datasets, discover and deliver insights that drive value for the company and our clients. The BI team fulfills customers’ data delivery and reporting needs through custom reports and analyses, advanced statistical applications, predictive modelling and interacti...Read more about this job
MediaMath seeks a sales leader with exceptional agency and client direct relationships in Brazil and LATAM, a proven history of closing complex, high-value deals in a competitive, dynamic, and evolving marketing space. As a Programmatic Business Development Director at MediaMath, you will be responsible for identifying, and closing a list of key prospects that align with our ideal customer profile..)The Online Teacher Tool Kit
A Place for Teachers to Learn, Share and Grow
Latest from the Blog
You Do
Of everything I read for my doctorate degree, one of the most impactful was Douglas Fisher and Nancy Frey’s “Better Learning Through Structured Teaching”. They explain their framework for the ‘gradual release of responsibility’ or what is commonly known among teachers as: “I Do, We Do, You Do.” They introduce the concept by describing when … Continue reading You Do
Hitting the Record Button
I am probably my own biggest critic. I find when I finish a class, I think of all the things I should have said differently. I recognize my first group each morning are my guinea pigs. As I work through math problems, I’m constantly second guessing myself. Did I copy the problem right, did I … Continue reading Hitting the Record Button
Talking Politics
Within the first couple of weeks as a new principal, I received a number of complaints from parents about a social studies teacher. The parents reported that the teacher was making numerous negative comments about the president of the US at the time and was incorporating her opinion into test questions. When I contacted the … Continue reading Talking Politics
Get new content delivered directly to your inbox.About Biopharma Informatic
Biopharma Informatic is a Site Management Organization (SMO) with our corporate office located in Houston, TX.
We are the link connecting pharmaceutical companies (sponsors) and Contract Research Organizations (CRO’s) to Investigative sites with caring individuals seeking to contribute in the advancement of medicine.
Our expertise is in providing a turn key operation for physician offices from the very initial stages of clinical trial business development through the close out of a study.
Take a VIRTUAL TOUR of our main research center in Houston!
Are you a CRO or Sponsor looking for sites for an upcoming research study?
We’d appreciate the opportunity to collaborate with you!
WHAT MAKES US DIFFERENT
With over 50 PI’s in all different specialties, we have the capacity to conduct clinical research in most all indications. Please view our Active Trials page to find a trial that may fit your needs.
Our unique one window operation allows us to streamline the start up process and successfully complete all requirements in a timely fashion from start up to close out. Please see our Capabilities page to learn more.
The PI’s within our group, along with each of our team members work in sync to provide superior support & service. For more questions, please contact us at (281) 944-3610.Ingredients:
How to use:
On an empty stomach and before brushing, place 1 tbsp of oil in the mouth, swish for up to 20 minutes then spit out into the toilet bowl.
Remedial Benefits
Organic Sunflower – A nutrient dense ingredient containing lecithin, carotenoids, tocopherols and vitamins A, D and E for overall wellbeing
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Published 1989
by Brunner/Mazel Publishers in New York .
Written in English
Edition Notes
Includes bibliographical references.
The February Man. DOI link for The February Man. The February Man. DOI link for The February Man. The February Man book. Evolving Consciousness and Identity in Hypnotherapy. By Milton H. Erickson, Ernest Lawrence Rossi. Edition 1st Edition. First Published eBook Published 26 January Pub. location New York. Imprint by: Synopsis This book is a fascinating case study that illustrates the use of multiple levels of consciousness and meaning to access and therapeutically reframe traumatic memories that were the source of very severe phobias and depression.5/5. The February Man by Erickson, M.D. Milton H. and a great selection of related books, art and collectibles available now at - The February Man by Erickson, M D Milton H - AbeBooks Passion for books. Sign On My Account Basket Help. The cover says the book is the February Man by Erickson and Rossi. However inside, the book title is “Trauma-Centered Group Psychotherapy for Women, A clinician’s Manual by Lubin and Johnson. It’s a completely different book!!!!! I am assuming this was a completely one-off situation and will re order. ./5(K). George and Harold have created a new breed of justice—one that is part dog, part man, and ALL HERO! Come See Dav at a signing, find out where he is next! Explore all of Dav's Books! Perhaps the biggest book-related news of February is that readers will finally be able to get their hands on The Glass Hotel, Emily St. John Mandel 's long-awaited follow-up to her breakout.
Authoritatively ranked lists of books sold in the United States, sorted by format and genre. The New York Times Best Sellers - Febru This copy is for your personal, noncommercial use only. Romance Paranormal | Romance Suspense: Deadly Touch by Heather Graham. Her vision leads her to danger and romance. Krewe of Hunters #31 .. February born men are not able to express their love for you and that might be misinterpreted by the partner at times. They are not a heart and flowers kind of man but living with them can be just as activating without that.Hands-on review: Huawei Watch GT
FYI, this story is more than a year old
I must admit that smartwatches have never really appealed to me. When the technology first became popular, I wasn’t interested in purchasing one whatsoever as I didn’t want to be permanently connected to my smartphone. After using Huawei’s new Watch GT for the past three weeks, however, I must admit that I’ve changed my mind.
The Watch GT is as much of a smartwatch as it is a fitness tracker, all whilst wearing a stylish suit.
It’s incredibly easy to set up - first, you need to download the Huawei Health app through your app store then simply sync the watch to your phone and you’re ready to go.
The screen is a 1.39” AMOLED display, which is crisp and easy to see in bright sunshine. As with most smartwatches, the watch face is customisable and Huawei include 14 faces out of the box.
At just 10.6mm in thickness, it’s quite sleek compared with a lot of other watches on the market and with a weight of just 65.7g, it’s lighter than a lot of the competition, too.
The watch sports a removable leather strap with silicone on the underside to help with any excess sweating.
This moves me nicely onto one of the best uses for the Watch GT - fitness tracking.
Like a much better-looking Fitbit, it accurately tracks your heart rate throughout the day, as well as your steps. There are modes which allow you to track numerous types of exercise including swimming, cycling and climbing. To aid your active lifestyle, the watch is also fitted with 5ATM waterproofing.
The battery life is excellent. In fact, I’ve only had to charge it twice in the three weeks I’ve been using it. Compare this to some of the more expensive smartwatches on the market, and this absolutely blows them out of the water.
Because of this, the sleep tracking on the watch is genuinely usable. It measures deep sleep, light sleep and REM sleep, as well as the amount of times you wake up in the night. It also provides you with tips and tricks to help increase your sleep quality ‘score’.
For everything the Watch GT does well, there are a number of negatives that might mean this smartwatch isn’t for everyone.
Huawei’s decision to use their own operating system means that there’s a lack of customisation on the device, including the aforementioned watch faces.
There’s no third-party access to the watch, meaning we’ll have to wait and see if Huawei release any significant updates or new faces in the near future.
Flicking through the screens and menus can feel like a chore due to the jittery feel of the device. However, if you’re anything like me you’ll be happy viewing your progress and goals through your smartphone at the end of the day.
When notifications come through, your wrist buzzes but there’s no speaker. This suits me as it’s non-obtrusive, but it would be nice to have the option of hearing a ‘ping’.
Similarly, you’re unable to respond to your notifications through the watch itself, which I imagine would turn a lot of people off the thought of purchasing one.
For the majority of app notifications, a generic blue logo flashes up on the screen, meaning it can be quite hard to differentiate between a lot of your alerts throughout the day.
There’s also no cellular connectivity, nor is there WiFi functionality or the ability to make contactless payments through the Watch GT.
Verdict
I’ve thoroughly enjoyed my time with the Watch GT. It’s converted me from being anti-smartwatch to someone who’s genuinely considering buying one.
The battery life alone means the watch can compete with Fitbit in the fitness tracker market, and at a price of around $300 it’s a much cheaper option than some of the more premium devices from Apple, Garmin and Samsung.Data size：1378.1378 MB
Download：7808 download
fine wap in
- support：Android/IOS
- Classification：mobile game
- Data size：1378.1378 MB
- Version：2918.2918.2918
- Score：7716
- Developer：bbc porn
- Downloads：4474
- release：2021-11-27 11:11:34
Free Download
#fine wap in screenshot
fine wap in:Djokovic's 900 career wins in tennis reach the list of 900 players
"The defensive line is properly pressed forward, and the opponent's offensive front line is weak, but you can't lose the backcourt too much! Understand?" In his opinion, these are not worthy of his concessions. The next game against Ajax already has an excellent lineup, and it is him who will apologize. "The league champion is!" "Real Madrid!!!" Real Madrid fans finally turned their anger into excitement and shouted from their mouths, and the entire away stand has become a white ocean. "My beautiful lady, I hope you can help me keep this secret. I want to make a joke with Chris.",bbc porn. "Football King ended + special episode" TXT Collection Download _43 sexy videe,The scene was deadlocked for a few minutes, Modric decided to take the initiative to take the ball from Gundogan's feet, and the offense and defense changed in an instant. "But Mourinho..."The party carnival made these stars forget their usual identities, and they played better than anyone else.,puorn hub Mordred's popularity in China has been steadily increasing, whoever dares to touch his mold... will be sprayed to the extreme by these mouth-heavy kings.
fine wap in Mordred shrugged helplessly, and said to Messi in front of him: "I'm sorry." porn sex www He just let Mordred figure it out, he didn't expect that Mordred would sit like this for his majesty. He was also curious about who came to him so late, and opened the door to see that it was Lucien.,Chapter 28- The Lion King Simba,Hearing this, Chris was not only unhappy, but also felt a little numb in his scalp. jav qd,"Sir...I want to play, I think my legs are fine." The boy lowered his head and said, he did not dare to look up at Mordred's face, because Mordred told them more than once that the body is the most important thing. capital.
bbc porn Not erupting in silence, or dying in silence, Merris chose the former.,Because Mordred didn't need to lie to him, if you don't want to say it, you can just leave it alone.,fine wap in"For the national team, even if he was injured, he insisted on fighting on the court. Although such an approach is not very responsible for him, he showed us a sincere heart.",pornshare Isn't it just driving with me? He is familiar, if he is not familiar with arrogance, he would not drink and drive to be hit to death.
Written and fell asleep...I will surely get it out at night! Little Mini tugged at his sleeve and motioned for him to sit down.,buxom porn Bernabéu doesn't know any acquaintances in this place, she can only carry it boringly in the house every day, or just go shopping.,xxxhdcom San Siro "" San Siro today, according to the Italian media "termometropolitico" reported that San Siro will be removed and the Milan duo will build a new stadium next to the original San Siro stadium, but this proposal was rejected by Milan Mayor Sara. Milan Chairman Scaroni and Inter Milan CEO Antonello are helping Milan-Cortina hold the Winter Olympics in Lausanne, Switzerland. The two took the opportunity to discuss the construction of a new stadium. Scaroni said: We will build a new San Siro stadium next to the old stadium, the location is still in the original area. The old stadium will be removed, and some other structures will be built in his position. It is impossible for us to play two games a week in a stadium that is being renovated. Subsequently, Antonello also made a speech: Will we build a new stadium together with AC Milan? Of course it will. However, the mayor of Milan, Bepe-Sala, immediately rejected the proposal of Scaroni and Antonello: The San Siro Stadium is the government’s property. If the Milan duo wants to build a new stadium, I can only work with them. Say two things: first, it takes time; second, after all, the government is the owner of the stadium. This thing ends here. If we really have a new stadium after the year, we will decide the future of the old San Siro stadium, but I must tell you now that this San Siro stadium will be the place where the opening ceremony will be held. In fact, even Scaroni There is no guarantee that the new stadium will be built a year ago: we have to submit an application, which is a very complicated procedure. Then, Scaroni blinked to Mr. Mayor and continued: But if we could hold the opening ceremony in the new stadium, it would be great. "The golden hair was floating in the air, turning his head to smile at Little Mini could melt the coldest."Okay, let's hurry up and train. After a while, Mr. will punish you to run laps." Cassie is calm on the surface, but in fact, he is also very gossip. Unfortunately, he must take the lead as the captain.,castle porn Mordred opened the door , rolled his eyes and ignored him, closed his eyes and slumbered.
"Cristiano Ronaldo." Mordred slammed on the brakes, and the rear wheels made two black marks on the corners, and the rear of the car even protruded out of the road, spinning around the edge.,cartoon xxx As a result, it was pushed out by the wall, the ball was pushed out, and the midfielder fell over his head. Little Mini didn't say anything, just Chunliang smiled.Mordred, who obviously won the ball but couldn't be promoted with the slightest joy, completely gave up his resistance and followed the madman obediently. The wind blows on people and feels a little bit cold, but the players on the court have done a good job of warming up. This environmental change has a slight impact on them.,saxy videp "Striking back! Actually C Lo got the ball is really a rare case of a hundred years ah!" The first 139 chapter v-heartedMourinho turned his mouth several times when he refused, and finally swallowed it. Isn't it just a meal? Big deal to keep the body coach busy.,handicap sex "Left! Right!" Chris and Mordred faced each other, Mordred was like a cunning fox.
sweet femdom Mordred looked at the phone with a black screen, and his boredom was wiped out all night, with a faint smile on his mouth. The manuscript of one chapter is still in the notebook. Is this chapter coded on the Internet? Please forgive me if there is a typo.,The author has something to say. The Chinese team did not choose to celebrate, Mordred fished the ball out of the net and returned to the midfield to kick-off..,porm imagesHis credibility has fallen below the bottom... goodporn." The only thing worthy of praise is the absolute purity of football. Can not even a girlfriend be impure? Take a look at who are interacting with each other on Twitter. tube hentai After going to Zheng Zhi, the little unhappiness disappeared completely, and the second half soon began."Merrys..." Cristiano looked at Mordred hesitantly.,x video pee He once mentioned this point of view in the United States, and was persuaded by a Chinese fan, "Dog bites you, do you want to bite it back?" '
sexy clipa He opened the car door, and the cold wind poured into the car again.,The author has something to say: The author has something to say:,Just as he thought, Mordred effortlessly refilled the ball and the score was tied 1 :." At first they accused Anthony of buying and selling people indiscriminately, but now Atletico fans can only say something really sweet. Mordred kissed the little mini face, "My brother likes you very much, is there anything you want to eat? My brother will bring you next time.",sweet femdom This game is not in vain! It's worth the fare. Mordred couldn't figure it out, and he didn't plan to think about it anymore.bombay babes teen tits Mordred's silence caused Kaka to be puzzled, "Merrys, did you have anything to call today?",free+pron In the far eastern country, a short-haired girl was sitting in her dormitory and brushing Weibo. When she suddenly saw a picture, her eyes widened.
amber rayne Zheng Zhi took Mordred's shoulders and smiled wretchedly, "We just discussed where to eat. After all, this is a big victory. How about celebrating it? Let's go take a shower or something."Mordred pursed his lips and looked a little unhappy, "Mr. Madman won't let you run forward. Why don't you ask me to vent your anger." Of course Real Madrid will not let go of this opportunity, they seized this gap and all pressed into the Atletico Madrid penalty area.,"Hello? What's the matter? Mr. Mendes."Mordred, whose hair has grown to his neck, is going to make his hair a little longer to make a Guti hairstyle, which is known as the Golden Wolf Guardian Hairstyle.,"You didn't take me to the hospital as a coma when I fell asleep?" Mordred looked at Chris in horror , hoping that he could give him a negative answer. He can only do it in a hurry . As for the other players, why don't they understand? "Football King Ending + Fan Wai" TXT Complete Works Download_65 So much so that no one in the locker room disliked Mordred, and teasing him every day was like teasing a child, obviously he had grown up.,xvideos.ney. But the rest of Grafi did not eat anything. In order to create an offensive opportunity for the striker, they used a nearly touched approach to stop them.,In order to show his welcome to them, Mordred personally cooked a Chinese meal. What kind of braised pork, sour pork, and old duck soup is called a hearty meal.Everything was normal the next day, there was no competition, no training.,pornohub.suMordred thought of his identity and coughed embarrassingly, "That's too early today, I will go back first, and I will come to accompany you tomorrow if I have time."
pussi porn Mordred can drive, but he doesn't have time to get a driver's license in this world, so he always rides Chris' car to Real Madrid in Real Madrid. This may be why Chris would give him a car. This allowed the long-victorious and undefeated Real Madrid to ignite the fighting spirit while being frustrated.,"Hahahaha, General Mordredford deserves his name! The atmosphere changed as soon as he played, and my heart calmed down inexplicably, and I was not worried about losing!" In the post-match interview, Mourinho did not bring Ricardo, as he said, Kaka needs to calm down. Then there is the announcement of the big list , Benzema , Cristiano , Ozil, Di Maria, Kaka , Modric, Marcelo, Pepe , Ramos , Carvalho, Captain Casey..,naked beach "Then I'll come back next time on holiday." Mordred looked disappointed, why should he have known this? However, Mordred's innocence was beyond Chris's expectation. Knowing that he was at Mordred's age, he and his teammates had long been holding magazines and commenting on the female model's figure!,babe solo "Your football talent is a rare experience in a century, just don't practice well. Don't push you, you will never play football seriously." The husband said coldly while helping him slap the dust on his body. bbc porn
spygasm Mordred was hung on Chris like an octopus, his face was full of love. Dog: "Wow." Mordred saw that Mourinho was not carrying him, which meant that he could watch. Because he is used to it, the style of painting from teammates to coach Real Madrid is simple and consistent, and it is no wonder that others treat Real Madrid as the devil every day.,Mordred also accepted his fate, and he hadn't learned anything before. Mordred closed the door and picked up the film on the table. His smile on it was as bright as he was on the court... Highlight one is very angry. "Well, I will let you prepare well then." Mordred also wanted Chris to make a good impression in Lin Yue's heart.,jasmine web But his teammates gave Mordred hope and despair. Gao Lin slammed the ball quickly and rushed to the door frame. When Mordred was about to jump up excitedly, he suddenly heard it. There was a clear knock on the doorpost.. But Erha is a sled dog! Endurance is also one of the best. One person and one dog are like on a bar. h dsex Mordred's words didn't know which nerve ignited the white uncle . There was just a dissatisfied uncle just now , and his face was as dark as the bottom of a pot. fine wap in He even made a special rank for Carlos before the game. His playing style, including style habits, he remembered very clearly.
taxi sex hd The more such a ball, the more exciting, Royce picked up Lewand, and the surrounding Bumblebee fans screamed and cheered for the players without hesitation. Royce was really tempered by the defense, and even wanted to stand and talk to Mordred for a while, and the province ran back and forth with the team, but he didn't want to give up.,Mordred wanted to be direct, so John would give him direct. But before coming to Real Madrid, he was mentally prepared. Who made the madman's name so loud? He really didn't play well in this game. ———————— Except for Mordred who needs extra attention, the others don't defend the main frontcourt too much, and more often harass the midfielder.,lana roades His end shocked Real Madrid fans. This will not happen! do not! The joy just now was suppressed by worry in an instant, and everyone looked at Mordred worriedly. The author has something to say? But the voice sung like this is so touching, Mordred performed like crazy today, making these fans who are overjoyed even more.,pornshare He also knows that Anthony, the Diaoyutai, is absolutely unstable . He is very strong, and Mr. Madman is not playing around.
ixxxx long as you offer this smile, you can summon the locker room bosses.,Every forward is very threatening, and it is impossible for the opposing defense not to defend. Use the forward to tear a line of defense in the midfield and let other teammates slowly infiltrate. The score was rewritten in an instant, 3:4 . After thinking about the future life with Chris, it doesn't seem to be repulsive. com bus Mordred turned around and prepared to return to his position, and accidentally ran into the opposite Singaporean player, who was the central defender. Some people even say that if Mordred can not save the national team, then , even if Messi and C Lo together, it will not go there strong.At first, the sunspots even mocked them for blowing too much, but every time after the taunting, Mordred himself would slap his face with strength, and over time the sunspots could only arrange some specious stories to blacken him.,." In order to live, a little face is not in their consideration at all. Chris has been so busy these few days that he has no time to read the newspaper. Hearing Mordred's words, he said with no surprise: "Those reporters only see what they want to see, don't care too much about it. " firecams "Sir , good morning." The faint smile is not the same as the smile of Little Sun in normal times. Mordred is still wearing that jersey, and his temperament is completely different. puorn hub
फॉरेन सेक्स Chris, who was intercepted by him, smiled and said, "It is because I dare not look down upon you that I stand here." "What happened to your kid today, but you did a good job." Shui Ye patted him on the back appreciatively. It is not easy to get two goals at Dortmund's home this season.,No, my stomach hurts so badly. I will have two more updates today, and the rest will be updated tomorrow. The two teams kicked up and concentrated, for fear that an unannounced opportunity would give the opponent a chance to comeback. As for his own nickname, Mordred, he didn’t know why. The nickname of'Little Prince' was voted on the Internet. At that time, the fans began to kill each other for this nickname. He still remembers. But when you can't score, you will become the sinner of the team. The most obvious point is Cristiano Ronaldo.,usa sex tube Even so, Mordred's eyes never left the No. 11 striker, his eyes a little cold. Originally seeing this pass, Mordred felt a little bit in his heart. It was obvious that the force of the ball was weak, and he hurriedly wanted to catch it.As time passed, the referee blew the whistle for the end of the game.,blacked. This made Mordred scratch his head a bit, and he never thought that he would be able to do it, but he would do it afterwards.fine wap in "Have you read the Coca-Cola ad copy?" A little time passed, and the score was maintained at the end of 3:0 under the full force of the players . At the moment when the referee's whistle blew, the fans all cheered deafeningly. As for Mordred as the protagonist, he lowered his head and said to Mendes: "I wanted to make my debut, waiting for Chris and the others to praise me... Now don't say the praise, it's good for them not to laugh at me. " There was a problem with the midfield connection and the frontcourt, but the team's tacit understanding of this lineup was extraordinary, and it was just a mess in the face of Mordred.WELCOME TO MESSIAH
Messiah Lutheran Church exists to forever change lives through the Gospel of Jesus by becoming an equipping, empowering, and mobilizing church in our community that displays the love of Christ and connects with people of all walks of life through worship, communion, service, fellowship, and compassion, led by the Holy Spirit and focused on the Great Commission (Mt 28.18-20).19 March 2017
Cllr Janice Dudley reports
Cllr Janice Dudley reports on Dwr y Felin Traffic Lights
The County Councillor for South Bryncoch, Janice Dudley (left), tells us that she has requested a site meeting to look into the traffic lights on the main road junction to Dwr y Felin.
As a reminder, the following sequences 1 and 3 are currently NOT possible. If introduced they would speed up the traffic flow by at least 30%.
Cllr Dudley added that a box junction would also be considered - thus preventing grid lock at peak times.
More detailed information is given on the above link.How are your vacation plans looking this year?
A little…overcomplicated? Or just a bit unlikely given your workload? Fret ye not.
Whilst it can be inspiring to visit other cultures, meet diverse groups of people and experience the ways that others lead their lives, if it seems like a big ask this year, you can still enjoy a fulfilling break without burning up the jet fuel.
The end of the year is near and that leaves me with no time and little money for a vacation, but I definitely need one. That’s when I realized that no matter where I live, or how jaded I might have become with my surroundings, I’m sitting on an under-expressed truth: my hometown is amazing.
Thousands of unique people pass by each other every day, somehow navigating and facilitating a community that works, plays, argues and loves together. Everyone has a different solution to fix the problems in their immediate vicinity: every household, vehicle, lamppost or tree has been formed by a thousand stories.
What I’m suggesting here is to combine mindfulness meditation, a Victorian technology, and the connecting power of social media to take a vacation in my own hometown.
It’s entirely possible. The mindful technique is known as Miksang. The technology, albeit modernized, is photography. And the social network is Instagram (bear with me, social media phobes!).
In our busy lives, we have a tendency to rush past and overlook the most incredible details around us. Ironically, if you were to take your camera on holiday with you to a far-off destination, you would likely return with hundreds of hurried snaps of your family members eating or bathing or posing against the landscape. These are fine in their place and can capture valuable memories for years to come. Yet if many of us return from vacation feeling more tired and overwhelmed then when we first set off, isn’t it because travelling has an unfortunate way of favoring novelty over engagement, spectacle over contemplation?
Mi.
It is an approach to photography that favors—necessitates—mindful contemplation of the world around us in order to frame and capture an image that will communicate something essential to the beholder. Using a social media platform to pursue Miksang may seem counter-intuitive, but the pace of Instagram makes the platform more like a journal than a noisy newsfeed.
It is a great way to communicate and discover with others in your area. For example, I use hashtags and location tagging as a way to navigate my hometown, slowing my progress so I can identify the sites that others have snapped, and take my own contemplative photo of it. The discipline of the format, and the powerful but intuitive editing tools, make Instagram an ideal way to learn more about photography and about your subject matter without having to pay for an expensive course or sit staring at YouTube tutorials all day.
If Facebook is full of social photography of parties and days out, and Flickr is an archive of professional landscapes and portraits, then Instagram is the closest we have to a Miksang network. If you sift through the nonsense, you will find that a large proportion of the photos found there can be considered of the Miksang school—even if the taker didn’t realize it!
Of course, Instagram is just one modern way to pursue your Miksang calling. It’s useful because, used well, it can become a different kind of map to your locality and thus give you a prod out of your familiar way of seeing. It’s also an excellent way to engage your kids—we know how resistant they can be to leaving their phones at home, or indeed taking part in anything that will mean being away from “the grid” for too long! Still, you may feel you want to switch your connections off, or find your own way, and that’s fine too.
Seeing your hometown afresh can be more rewarding than travelling, and it’s certainly more convenient. Whether you engage with modern tools to do so, or you prefer to free yourself of some the mundane accoutrements of daily life in order to return to that which is essential, there are many different approaches aside from photography to get you started.
If you want to take this traveling-at-home experience to a whole new level, have a read at this infographic, which gathers some of the simplest ideas into one place, so you can take your time and apply your imagination to those you find most appealing. Next time you get some time off work, consider forgoing a vacation to foreign climes—and instead try to see your surroundings anew.
Author: G. John Cole
Image: Unsplash, Infographic/PounPlace
Editor: Travis May
Read 0 comments and replyDiamond Channel Set Band
$1,850.00
Round brilliant diamonds set in a thin 18K Yellow Gold eternity band. This makes a perfect wedding band or gift for a birthday, anniversary, or as a stacking band.
18K Solid Yellow Gold & Genuine Round Brilliant Diamonds.
All gold used in the making of Loveli jewelry is sustainable, non-toxic, hypo-allergenic, water/sweat-proof, nickel & cadmium free.
.
Starting 2/5, Tzu Chi will conduct a relief work program in the vicinity of the distribution sites. For the initial phase, survivors will work to clean up the surrounding areas in exchange for food from Tzu Chi. The relief work program will not only provide immediate needs to the survivors, it will also provide hope and love. Tzu Chi has been conducting similar relief work programs in other parts of the world. The survivors participating in the program not only were provided with financial assistance, they also found hope, respect and love through the program.!BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE:IRM, news), the global leader in innovative storage and information management services, announced that Barry Hytinen, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will participate in a virtual fireside chat at the 5th Annual Virtual Wells Fargo TMT Summit on Tuesday, November 30th at 4:00 pm ET.
A live webcast will be available under the Investor Relations section of. The link to the webcast is here: Webcast Link.:
Investor Relations:
Sarah Barry
Manager, Investor Relations
Sarah.Barry@ironmountain.com
(617) 237-6597
Source: Iron Mountain Incorporated
PR Archives: Latest, By Company, By DateABOUT THE MASS COMMANDERS….
Big S/O to Coach McCarthy and Coach Orellana of UMass Boston for taking the time to talk about C/O 2021 Zach Muroff (Needham HS) WE Appreciate you!! #GoBeacons #MCIB #BetOnYourself @TheCoryMcCarthy
Alex Momo (Southern Maine Community College) is at it again!! Same move he was doing on D1’s, D2’s, D3’s and Pro’s. NOTHING has change. #MCIB #BetOnYourself @momo_alex123 @IceBasketball @RudyC24
Just a heads up…… Them Endicott boys will be a team to watch all season. They run and gun and move the ball effortlessly! @EndicottMBB @d3hoops @ECGulls #d3hoops
Coach Bob Huggins on playing time:
“I don't play guys because I like them.
I play guys because they produce.”
C/O 2022 Nate Edwards 6’5” (Chapel Hill Chauncy Hall) has committed to Clark University. 6’11” wingspan!! 35’ vertical leap!!#GoCougars #MCIB #BetOnYourself @AdamFinkelsteinManuel Esteba (17 April 1941 – 4 February 2010) was a Spanish director and screenwriter, [1] notable for writing a spoof of Steven Spielberg's E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial called El E.T.E. y el Oto.[2]
Career.
Death
Manuel Esteba died on 4 February 2010 at the age of 68 in Barcelona, Spain.
References
- ^ Directores de cine en Cataluña: de la A a la Z. Publicacions i Edicions, Universitat de Barcelona. ISBN 9788447533169.
- ^ El ETE y el OTO in The Dreamers (in Spanish)
External links
The Evergreen DynaComfort EH226 is a High Performance Summer tyre designed to be fitted to Passenger Cars.
Tyre review data from 1 tyre reviews averaging 39% over 10 miles driven.
The DynaComfort EH226 is unranked of 190 Summer High Performance tyres.
2018 AutoBild Summer Tyre Overview - 44th of 47 tyresView Full Test >>
Have YOU got experience with the Evergreen DynaComfort EH226? Help millions of other tyre buyers
Review your Evergreen DynaComfort EH226 >Emergency Plumbers
Blocked Drains · Leak Detection · Hot Water Systems · Taps · Toilets · Kitchens · Bathrooms
Emergency Plumbers
Voted Best Emergency Plumbing Services!
Emergency Plumbers have been providing an emeregncy plumbing service for many years.
Our goal is to deliver our valued customers a guaranteed professional service that is not only affordable but guaranteed to leave you satisfied 100% of the time.
If you are a home or business owner and need a plumbing service carried out, get in touch with Emergency Plumbers today.
Emergency Plumbers Brisbane
Blocked Drains, Burst Hot Water Systems, Leaking Pipes & Toilets & Broken Taps. Call Now.
If You Are Faced With A Plumbing Emergency Call Us Now!
Emergencies always happen at the worst possible time – during the holidays, when you’ve got guests over, or in the middle of the night. Plumbing emergencies, in particular, are incredibly stressful, since they can cause significant structural damage to your home if left unattended.
Visit: Emergency Plumber Brisbane
Emergency Plumbers Sydney
We can help you get your emergency plumbing fixed fast. Don’t wait for the problem to get bigger.
Visit: Dylsal Plumbing – Emergency Plumber Sydney
Visit: Emergency Drains – Emergency Blocked Drain Plumber Sydney
Emergency Plumber Near Me
Searching for ’emergency plumber near me’? Contact us now to book an emergency plumber! Local Emergency Plumber Near Me.May 23, 2019
The 2017 Sutton Foster Ovation Award Winner, Antonio Cipriano, to star in the original Broadway cast of JAGGED LITTLE PILL
2017 Sutton Foster Ovation Award winner, Antonio Cipriano, is officially starring in the original Broadway cast of JAGGED LITTLE PILL. This new musical inspired by Alanis Morissette’s Grammy-winning album is set to start performances in November, 2019, at the Broadhurst Theatre in New York City.
Cipriano will star.
Cipriano started his Broadway journey in 2017 after being selected to represent his high school, University Liggett High School in Grosse Pointe Woods, in the annual Sutton Foster Ovation Awards (SFOA). The award ceremony is held each May at Wharton Center and brings together talented high school drama students from across the state of Michigan. The ceremony is named in honor of Michigan’s own Broadway star, Sutton Foster (a two-time Tony Award® winner).
After winning the 2017 SFOA for Best Actor, Cipriano was asked where he hoped to go from there; he said, “I just want to be a performer in any kind of way, because that just has to be my career!”
He went on to represent Michigan in the National High School Musical Theatre Awards, also known as the Jimmy Awards. Soon after Cipriano’s performance at the Jimmy Awards, he was asked to be part of the off-Broadway production of JAGGED LITTLE PILL.
.funky friday. The overall idea is to do simple things to please the AI of a pet. The sheriff seeks to work with the innocents to discover who. Get access to our new Adopt Me Hack Online which gives you all the stones and Money you are looking for. All the online games you see on the platform have been built by members of the Roblox community for members of the Roblox community.
Roblox exploit keeps crashing free – new localscriptscreengui. We sincerely hope you will like our services and will use them over and over again. Premium Benefits x2 Strength from Training, 2 Daily Fortune Spins, x2 Chest Rewards, 1 Pet Slot Join Scriptbloxian Studios to unlock the group rewards chest in-game. His channel uploaded over 1 day worth of Roblox. Here are Roblox music code for Ashnikko Daisy Roblox ID. Welcome to the Roblox world, see the best videos shared on the net.
2560 x 1440 px recommended YouTube Banner size. com livery G29782655 BMW 320si with a Gamestation May 24 2021 Drift Hunters summary. Locations are repeated as in Battlefield.
Roblox vynixus murder mystery 2 scripts showcase. Coin Codes For Mm2 07 2021 from i3. Roblox jailbreak script new auto farm auto updates. MEmu offers you all the surprising features that you. These are the list of Roblox Decal IDs and spray codes that use to spray paint the specific items. KRNL Trolling 1 RECOMMENDED FOR MATURE AUDIENCES Retro1337.
Roblox Exploits Facts
Features Autofarm. So OverpowerdI. com is the number one paste tool since 2002. Today im going to be showing you a new. new As we know that the pastebin site is a site that provides many roblox scripts.
In the past, several users requested for our assistance regarding roblox account hacking, details on roblox password hacking process, among.
Upgrade your Roblox exploit keeps crashing free for a better multiplier. Check out terrain Posted 1 week ago Oct 16, 2021 roblox terrain uncopylocked, 3 Amazing Uses Of Smooth Terrain Water Roblox How To Steal Roblox Accounts Working 2017 Youtube Roblox Emergency Response Liberty County Uncopylocked Youtube Deadzone Roblox Wiki Fandom I Managed To Import The Old 2012 Terrain Back Into Roblox With Help From Dogutsune Link In Oct 24, 2021 Roblox Downtown Rp Uncopylocked Robux Hacker Com roblox downtown rp uncopylocked robux German Uncopylocked roblox border game uncopylockedRoblox Riverside Uncopylocked Fort Bragg Uncopylocked Roblox Roblox Dawn Of Aurora Codes 2021 Don T Exist Here S Why Pro Game Guides yd chofer fun Roblox Kick Off Uncopylocked Rbxcity Gg Oct 28, Roblox exploit keeps crashing free 300 Roblox List Of Uncopylocked Games.
Posted by 1 day ago. Glitch adopt me free money. The script for the kill aura around you works nearby. My script for myself. Get all eggs more. New op roblox shindo life script Shindo life script hack, shindo life, shindo life hack script, shindo life script auto farm, shindo life script pastebin, shinobi life 2.
YouTubers who do their videos on the game, I kind of feel sorry for you guys. Arsenal script gui hack free execute over powered hey guys. Comes with ESP, Aimbot, Speed and also more. Only contains one feature but leave this running overnight and you will have crazy amounts of cash to spend in game. All updates feature the major changes, however, the more detailed changes can be found on the wiki page for the update, linked on the tables. com Best Law the day at www.
Skachat New Roblox Hack Exploit Sean V1 1 Jailbreak Andmore Free Sep. Here I hav a new series called Roblox Hacks. Da hood roblox gui. Look at the Maya. zindex 3 title. roblox god mode script hack Script Executor. For more information, see our Privacy Statement.
Rentals Details Funky – Friday AUTO – PLAYER – Pastebin. 2021 created by kevin fladger.Custom Programs
Professional training solutions for your employees.
Grainger Engineering can bring one of our Short Courses to you, or work with your team to develop a professional training program in that addresses your unique needs.
Leverage the expertise of Grainger Engineering faculty for your business.
We are advancing technology in the areas of:
Let us know what challenges your team is tackling or what topics you would like to see offered!
Exceptional learning experiences
designed for professionals
Grainger Engineering's Professional Programs give you a competitive edge and prepare you for management and leadership positions in the industry. Our programs include professional master's degrees, short courses, and customized programs designed to develop competence across any level of your organization.
World-class faculty and resources
Grainger Engineering professors are at the forefront of innovation in their fields. Experience hands-on learning in our 60+ labs, research centers, and institutes. Learn cutting-edge methods to solve society's greatest challenges.
Research Opportunities
With over 60 centers, labs, and institutes supporting 2000+ projects every semester, Grainger Engineering provides a robust infrastructure for a wide range of research partnerships. The Illinois environment offers a distinctive combination of the brightest people and a unique culture of collaboration and innovation.
Learn more about research
Short Courses & Custom Programs
Keri Carter Pipkins
Associate Director for External Workforce Development
217-333-9630 . kcp@illinois.eduWhether it is decorated with lava-filled moats or jewel-studded walls, to children, the bedroom is their kingdom.
Most people are unaware of the effects a bedroom has on a child. As a result, parents organize kid’s bedrooms without much thought. Little do they know, however, that environment greatly affects children and their growth as individuals. Here are the things you should consider when decorating your child’s bedroom:
Space
You know your children better than anyone else. That being said, you should be more than familiar with their behavior. A child who’s very active and playful will need a spacious room to run around and dance. Make sure no sharp edges are around to avoid injury. Also, a large chest will help keep their toys off the floor. Children who are more reserved tend to prefer reading, writing, and drawing. These kids will need enough space to enjoy books, draw pictures, and create things.
Light
It is extremely common for children to be afraid of the dark. Thankfully, there are several ways to keep light shining during bedtime. For example, glow-in-the-dark stickers on the ceilings can alleviate their fear. If that does not work, keeping a night light on may help. If that is not strong enough, a low light lamp beside the bed would be better. If all else fails, replacing the mechanical light switch with a dimming rheostat knob could be the solution.
Furniture
When buying furniture, it is preferable to avoid pieces of furniture that might have sharp edges and coarse textures. Children have delicate bodies that can easily be victims of accidental falls and bumps. It is also advised to keep a study table around for them to write or do things locally. If the kids work just on that table, they can avoid unnecessary incidents.
Bed
A good night’s sleep is achieved when your child is provided the best bed. When it comes to mattresses, it is better to select not-too-soft and not-too-bushy foam. This foam should support your kid’s natural body curves and prevent muscle sprains.
Bed sheets should protect your child from irritation caused by the mattress. The best bed sheets are soft, breathable, and antimicrobial. They should be breathable to allow proper heat transfer while sleeping. Peachskin Sheets are a good choice.
Wall Color
Color is always associated with things such as mood, food, political parties, and more. Focusing on what feelings you want your child to develop is essential.
Relaxing colors such as lilac or lavender may calm children with choleric behavioral signs. On the other hand, strong vibrant colors could negate the characteristics of more melancholic children. Sanguine and phlegmatic children can work with any color – even neutral ones are acceptable.
Transformability
It is a known fact that children usually grow. That being said, it is best to keep everything temporary. No permanent fixtures should be installed while your child is still growing. Their taste and behavior towards things might change once they begin socializing outside the family.
Conclusion
Setting up your child’s bedroom is tough, but it can also be enjoyable. After all, there is nothing more fulfilling than giving them the best they can have.This is 1 Strand/5 Strands 9mm To 12mm Blue Colour Jade Smooth Oval Shaped Beads 17 Inch Strand Blue Beads, GDS1408.
Gemstone Name : Blue Jade
Size: 9-12mm Approx.
Length: 17 Inches Strand, 40 Pieces Approx.
Weight: 43 grams Approx.
Colour: Blue (Colour Treated)
Item Code: GDS1408
(Weight, Measurements and number of pieces are approximate)
100% Genuine
Great quality for making Necklace , Earrings, Bracelet or any other jewellery.
We have attempted to take photographs in natural daylight without usage of any kind of enhancement.
The images are magnified so as to show the intricate details of the stones.
Different devices may show a slight difference in colour reproduction..
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Roseane Campos and Christine Enge Exemplify Leadership Within AGCO and Their Communities.
DULUTH, Ga.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–#WeAreAGCO–AGCO Corporation, Your Agriculture Company, (NYSE:AGCO), a worldwide manufacturer and distributor of agricultural machinery and precision ag technology, announces that two AGCO employees received 2021 STEP (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Production) Ahead Awards from Women in Manufacturing, a division of the Manufacturing Institute. Christine Enge of Duluth, Ga., and Roseane Campos of Canoas, Brazil were each presented the 2021 Women in Manufacturing STEP Ahead Award.
This national honor recognizes female leaders in the manufacturing industry and further encourages women to mentor and support the next generation of female talent to pursue manufacturing careers.
“Christine Enge, a leader in our global HR organization, and Roseane Campos, a leader in our manufacturing team, are great examples of the many outstanding women who are advancing the future of AGCO and agriculture every day. These women truly go above and beyond.
“Our 2021 STEP Ahead honorees are role models and ambassadors inspiring the next generation of women in manufacturing. They represent the passion, vision, and diversity of opportunity within an increasingly high-skill and rewarding field of work. And with America’s most iconic industry facing a workforce crisis driven by the skills gap, the examples they set have never been more important,” said Carolyn Lee, executive director of the Manufacturing Institute. ® smart farming solutions, AGCO’s full line of equipment and services helps farmers sustainably feed our world. Founded in 1990 and headquartered in Duluth, Georgia, USA, AGCO had net sales of approximately $9.1 billion in 2020..
Contacts
Press contact
Aryn Drawdy
Corporate Communications Director
aryn.drawdy@agcocorp.comAre your clients looking to expand their businesses to another state or states? If so, that’s a great indication of success and they’ll probably turn to you for financial guidance to help them make the move. However, they’re also likely to need your advice about how to legally operate their businesses in a state different from their home base. Nellie Akalp, CEO of CorpNet.com, will detail steps and insight for legally expanding a business into a new state.
Learning Objectives:
CorpNet.com
CEO
nakalp@corpnet.com
(805) 449-2638Active IQ Unified Manager Discussions
Hi all,
in my OCI environment, i have a problem with a data source. It's a CISCO DS-C9509 and this is the configuration:
Acquisition Unit: Local
localType: Cisco FC Switch Firmware 2.0+ (SNMP)
Types of data collected:Inventory, Performance
The error is on Inventory process and this is: "zoneSetEnforcedZoneListBmap4k: noSuchObject".
I'm looked anyway on Internet but no solution founded. Please anyone has saw this error?
Thanks in advance,
Best Regards
Solved!
See The Solution
Yeah, that is ancient.
The engineering issue for this is ICI-4884. It looks like the fix for this issue did not make it into:
OCI 7.3.2
Service Pack 2 for OCI 7.3.1
Which will likely be released in March.
So, you need to open a support case on this, and you will need a patch, but if you install 7.3.2 or SP2, this device will fail again.
I would expect the fix for this issue to make in into SP3 for OCI 7.3.x.
Matt
View solution in original post
Hey Alberto,
Any idea what firmware this switch is running?
I think this may be an OCI data source bug due to ancient CIsco firmware behavior - the switch doesn't implement some SNMP zoning support the way OCI would expect.
Hey Matt,
the cisco's firmware version is 2.1(2d).
Live Chat, Watch Parties, and More!
Engage digitally throughout the sales process, from product discovery to conﬁguration, and handle all your post-purchase needs.CHAT
PRIVACY
DONATE
WIKI
HEALTH & SAFETY
ART
ATTITUDE
ACTIVE TOPICS
Notification
Welcome to the DMT-Nexus
»
OTHER ENTHEOGENS
»
Mushrooms
»
Experience reports
»
Liberty caps - Positive trip but some dark imagery
Liberty caps - Positive trip but some dark imagery
Options
woody
#1
Posted :
9/13/2020 1:52:18 PM
DMT-Nexus member
Posts: 250
Joined: 12-Jul-2014
Last visit: 19-Nov-2021
My wife and I settled in for an evening with 2g (each) of dried liberty caps last night and had a very positive and pleasant trip. I made a tea and the come up was quite fast but not too intense, I’m on familiar territory with mushrooms and after DMT take offs anything is more sedate in comparison.
Like I say the trip was overall a very pleasant and positive experience, there were lots of extremely intense closed eye visuals with shapes and patterns constantly morphing and folding. However at some points in the trip the imagery was objectively horrifying, I saw images of people in distress and usually chained in some way, sometimes I got the impression they did not realise they were chained and they were going through repetitive motions like a hamster on a wheel. The metaphor wasn’t lost on me in that many people’s lives are like that. But sometimes the imagery was very unpleasant, like decaying flesh and people in distress. For some reason though it didn’t freak me out, I was able to observe it objectively with acceptance and I tried to understand what was being conveyed. I had felt at one point that the human race is like a single organism and a lot of it is in pain. The illusion of separation and belief in the ego as who we are causes some of the organism to neglect other parts of itself without realising.
I also had a lot of jester joker imagery laughing at me, it wasn’t too mocking but I got the impression it was laughing at the fact I thought I could ever make any real sense of what this world is all about and what on Earth is actually going on here being in this body on this planet floating through an infinite expanse of space. I thought about how we try to give life meaning and what would the implications be if we found out some knowledge that would resulted in paradox shift. And then I realised it doesn’t matter because life is it’s own meaning.
My dawning realisation was that all of these thoughts and imagery were distractions, giving the ego mind something to chew on whilst I continued to ignore what is always there, presence, consciousness. And then the mocking jesters popped up again because even this realisation became a thought which was a further distraction from just being in the present moment.
I had some great personal insights along the way, some reassurance and enjoyed reconnecting with my wife after a recent stressful period in our lives.
I’d like to hear if anyone has any thoughts or similar experiences regarding the disturbing imagery though, it wasn’t the defining feature of my trip by any means but I’d like to try and gain some insight into it.
Oneiros Glass
Trippy glass for trippy people.
potnoble
#2
Posted :
9/14/2020 9:59:35 AM
DMT-Nexus member
Posts: 333
Joined: 30-Nov-2019
Last visit: 26-Nov-2021
Location: non polar solvent
Hi woody
I experienced sth. similar about a year ago. I was on a pretty heavy dose of 4 ACO DMT and
got to a point where i just wanted to lay in bed with my girlfriend.
She is not interested in psycedelics and was working on her laptop.
Usually she listens to some crime docus or sth of that nature.
My trip was very beautiful but of course in that state listening to stuff like that
is not the best idea. So at first the colour palette of the trip started to get darker
and i started to see these disgusting beings morphing into each other.
After a while i got completly taken away from the outside input.
I no longer heard the crime stuff or my girlfriend typing on her laptop.
I saw alot of suffering of all sorts. From animals in slaughter houses to people in
war regions.
Its hard for me to put things like that into words but i will never forget that trip.
And i think it is very important to sometimes really get reminded what alot of people
are going through right now.
It makes me now take some extra time if i see someone around me is doing bad or maybe skip
eating meat today or little things like that.
Make the world a better place so to speak.
And i don´t think we can ever fully understand how stuff works but we have two hands and can make
a change for the better.( I just donated a big pile of my old skate stuff to kids in need).
I think the neglecting of those other parts as you said is a protection mechanism for our minds.
Because if you would be fully concious about those things at all times it would be very hard to enjoy life and function properly.
So i don´t know if that makes sense but i think trips like that put the other end of the spectrum
in our minds to make us try extra hard to battle all the bad things in life.
We kinda found the key to really enjoy life and understand the beauty of the world.
So we have to share. And i´m not talking about drugs
I really have to learn how to express myself with words but i hope you get what i´m trying to say.
Maybe next time i will post a video of me dancing my message.
Have a gud one and thank you for sharing
Psychedelic drugs don´t change you, they don´t change your character,
unless you want to be changed. They enable change. They can´t impose it.
Alexander Shulgin
Users browsing this forum
Guest
Welcome to the DMT-Nexus
»
OTHER ENTHEOGENS
»
Mushrooms
»
Experience reports
»
Liberty caps - Positive trip but some dark imagery
Watch this topic
Print this topic
RSS Feed
Normal
Threaded
DMT-Nexus theme created by The Traveler
This page was generated in 0.016 seconds.
The NexianThe Inquirer reports that after France passing their anti-DRM law, the anti-DRM sentiment has spread to Denmark and the Danish Government are backing a new law similar to the French law which will make Apple open up it's music. The proposed law also has backing from other online music retailers. Legislation is set to be introduced in 2007.
Great news for anyone who lives in Denmark. Can only hope that the UK government decide to do this as well – hell, even make it EU legislation.Logo marvel litofania
- 9.1k views
- 35 likes
- 653 downloads
3D model description
Logo marvel litofania
3D printer file information
3D design format: STL Folder details Close
- litomarvel.stl
Learn more about the formats
- Publication date: 2019/02/07 at 17:48
License
Creator
Raul 3dlito / Lythophane & impresion 3D
Collection associated with this 3D model!
Buenas, no tendrás la foto en color por ahí no?A study paper, occasionally known as a study report, is write my essay a written composition that involves the detailed critical evaluation of a particular subject and develops it in an essay which can be read by the pupils of a specific subject. Finest research paper writing service providers in the united states have always produced research papers for the pupils in their nation for the longest time today. The papers are being educated at a few of the best colleges and universities throughout the globe. The topics on which they are developed are based on the student’s study and researches done in most cases.
Thesis research paper writing is not only another type of essay; rather it’s an important element of the whole education process. Essays are the initial step towards understanding and the understanding of a subject. Pupils write a thesis for various motives; firstly, to obtain admission to university or college and second, write my essay for me cheap to show their capability in a special area. They need to earn a comprehensive research work and a comprehensive demonstration of the results obtained from the study work. The results presented must say the principal problem or the problem that has to be solved and the measures or the techniques adopted to resolve the same.
Writing a thesis is not something that anyone can do and not even an excellent author can develop a fantastic thesis from themselves. Pupils need professional help in order to improve their writing skills in this regard. Since everyone has different needs and different inclinations, professional research paper writing service providers need to understand the precise requirements and the format that have to be utilised to be able to come up with an excellent essay. The newspaper needs to be well structured, contain proper heading and conclusion and needs to be mistake free. In a nutshell, the thesis has to be unique and very professional in appearance.
The subject of the essay needs to be clearly mentioned in the introduction component of the study paper. The other significant part the essay is what you’re going to do about it once you’ve completed it. The title of this essay should also be well defined and need to have a great effect on the reader. The majority of the time pupils prefer using pre-written templates for article writing but the best research paper writing services will provide you with customized writing style. The writing style shouldn’t be overly confusing and the student ought to have the ability to understand what’s being written.
The thesis statement is the most significant part the paper. This component will lay the basis for what you are going to write about on your paper. The thesis statement should be quite clear and the writer should ensure that the thesis statement stands out. In general, you cannot start writing the paper unless you’ve got a very clear understanding about what the thesis statement is about.
When the thesis announcement is prepared, the next step is to compose the main body of this paper. The construction of the part ought to be simple yet tricky. The essay should contain all of the appropriate information that the student needs. It is possible to use the outline provided or produce your outline. All the relevant information should be mentioned in the introduction component of the paper, which will allow you to concentrate on the subject with full attention. upon up. Chumba Internet casino is usually a sweepstakes-based on-line smartphone internet casino that Un dénombrement de salle de jeu avec Karamba de leur degré récompense en compagnie de bienvenue.‘.
In preparation for the exhibition Shonibare undertook extensive research into the life and work of William Morris, as well as the local history of Waltham Forest, to help guide his archive-based searches and draw inspiration for creating a new series of group portraits to reflect the areas changed (and ever-changing) social and cultural composition and population demography since Morris’s era.
Local residents from Walthamstow’s diverse multi-ethnic and multicultural communities were invited to sit for Shonibare in a series of group portraits – each one staged to mirror and echo the composition of historical portraits from William Morris’ Victorian family album. The sitters were styled in late-19th century costumes to complement the range of attire featured in the archive images. The significant difference, however, was the replacement of plain fabrics with Shonibare’s signature ‘African-inspired’, wax-resist dyed patterned textiles and colourful batiks from Indonesia.
Following his completion of the project, Shonibare said:
“In the spirit of William Morris’ ideal of an egalitarian society, a diverse group of local people were invited to re-stage three photographs from the William Morris Family Album. The photographs are a celebration of costumes, textiles and diversity in the Morris world from a 21st century perspective.”
– Yinka Shonibare MBE, RA (2015)
The free exhibition is on display until 7th June 2015 at The William Morris Gallery, Lloyd Park, Forest Road, Walthamstow, London E17 4PP.
Website for further information:
Beyond the temporary exhibition space on the ground floor, Yinka Shonibare’s artwork has also been presented on publicity banners outside William Morris Gallery in the Walthamstow locality, and a small selection of textiles are also displayed on the central stairway and Level 1 entrance to rooms showing the main permanent collections.
ADDITIONAL NOTES:
1. The Walthamstow-born designer, writer and political activist William Morris (1834-1896) is most widely known for his innovative textile, wallpaper and furniture designs that became popular in the UK during the mid-to-late 19th century. As an artist and philanthropist, Morris was closely associated with the Pre-Raphaelite Brotherhood and the influential English Arts and Crafts Movement. A full biography of his life and work, as well as a selection of images of his most celebrated designs, is available online via the V&A Museum website.
2. The William Morris Gallery is housed in a grade II* listed building located in the grounds of Lloyd Park. The dwelling was William Morris’s family home from 1848 to 1856.
3. Yinka Shonibare MBE, RA (b. 1962-) self-defines as a ‘British-Nigerian’ contemporary artist, whose early childhood and university education were spent in London, either side of his formative school years growing up in Lagos. He is one of the most celebrated conceptual artists in the world, who was nominated for the prestigious Turner Prize in 2004 (for his exhibition Double Dutch) and was elected as a Royal Academician in 2013. For a full biography, please see the artist’s website at.
4. Exhibition images courtesy the artist, Stephen Friedman Gallery, London –. Commissioned by William Morris Gallery –.
Thanks for this Carol,
The William Morris Museum is an excellent one having won a prize for its innovative exhibitions and I hope as many people as possible visit it.EPA proposes smaller requirements for biofuel use
EPA proposes smaller requirements for biofuel useNovember 18, 2013
"The Environmental Protection Agency on Friday proposed lowering requirements for biofuel use in 2014, trimming targets for corn-based ethanol for the first time.
The proposal would set ethanol use at 15.21 billion gallons, just under 10 percent of motor-fuel consumption and 16 percent lower than targets established by Congress in 2007.
It angered farm groups, corn-ethanol producers and supporters of biodiesel, but it mollified oil companies, which have long argued that if the content of ethanol in motor fuel exceeded 10 percent — known as the blend wall — it might damage cars, motorcycles and lawn mowers. Groups representing ethanol makers say that mixing higher levels of ethanol with gasoline would not harm vehicles.
“Facts are facts,” said Stephen that the EPA’s proposed targets would hurt farmers and violate the spirit of the renewable fuels standard Congress adopted. “The RFS was about forcing marketplace change,” he said, “and EPA is giving the oil companies a get-out-of-jail-free card.”
The EPA proposal, which includes target ranges for each kind of renewable fuel, will be subject to comment before the agency settles on quotas in the first quarter of 2014."
Read more from The Washington PostActing
NA
NA
2009 . Crime, Drama . 2h 35m
As Malik's Lawyer..
2011 . Drama, Thriller . 2h 3m
As Grocery Store Manager..
1973 . War . 1h 50m
As Supplétif Chouk...
2000 . Drama . 1h 15m
Executive producer. Algerian journalist Sahafi is faced with a dilemma. If he returns to Algeria, he's almost certain to be assassinated. If he takes political asylum in the Netherlands, he is treated like a pariah.
1978 . Comedy . 1h 32m
As Kamel. Camadule is in charge of buying several barrels of the Beaujolais Nouveau. The Captain and Kamel will travel with him to get the divine beverage.
2017 . 1h 30m
As Père de Târiq. Damien and Guillaume Le Guen are brothers and do almost the same job: Damien is a gendarme and Guillaume is a policeman. Damien is called for a body found burnt in a car during a forest fire. This is the body of Baptiste Legendre. Her companion, Tiffany Roche woke up in the middle of the flames. Photographer, she captured clichés of trees on fire. She owes her life only to Târiq Amraoui, a Canadair pilot who spotted her in the middle of the fire. Tiffany does not know what she's doing there and fears having set herself on fire. Shortly after, Guillaume is in charge of an investigation into the death of a man found drowned. The two cases seem related and the two brothers must collaborate.
2020 . Drama . 25 m
As Le vieil homme. In a small seaside town, Nina has 48 hours to meet Lili, her mother, again after twenty years of silence. Guided by the urgency, she has a choice to make. A choice that resonates with their history.Supercross BMX released a disc brake specific version of their popular ENVY RS7 model called the ENVY RS7 Fastback. This frame doesn’t come with v-brake mounts at all which gives the rear end a really clean look. Continuing the clean look vibes on the RS7 Fastback frame is the addition of internal cable routing. Another new feature to this frame is they beefed up the chain stays to handle the added pressure from disc brake use. Pretty fresh!
Press Release:
10 years ago we created the first BMX Super frame, frame laid the frame work for our ENVY line of race frames and now 10 years later, we introduce you to the new Supercross ENVY RS7, the true BMX Super frame you can afford.
And now the RS7 is available in a DISC specific model, the Fastback. With the RS7 Fastback the brake posts have been removed, the cable routing has gone inside, and the stays have been beefed up to handle the extra stresses of the disc mount.
The Supercross ENVY RS7 utilizes our special blend of 7005 ULR Ultra Light triple butted ,custom shaped tubing that is a direct result of working with the exotic Easton® Tube sets for over a decade. Why 7005 Aluminium.
And with that you have the new Supercross ENVY RS7 Fastback. Available in 5 20″ Pro sizes different sizes to fit all sizes of riders , 3 24″ sizes Pro, XL and XXL and a Pro 26″ Cruiser and 8 stock colours ( Pearl Black, Pearl White, Gun Metal Grey, Racing Red, Metallic Blue, Hi Vis Yellow, Matte Black, and Mirror Polished ) to make sure it fits your style. And if one of the 8 stock colours isn’t what you want, we still do custom anodize and powder coat to enable you to truly make your Supercross ENVY RS7, your ride.~Supercross BMX
Sizes
- 20″ Pro, Pro Plus, Pro XL, Pro XXL and Pro XXXL
- 24″ Pro, XL and XXL
- Pro 26″ Cruiser
8 Color Options
- Pearl Black
- Pearl White
- Gun Metal Grey
- Racing Red
- Metallic Blue
- Hi Vis Yellow
- Matte Black
- and Mirror Polished
Visit SupercrossBMX.com for more info
Spotted on BMXUltra.comParallel worlds
Leknica and Bad Muskau are neighbouring cities. One is in Poland and the other in Germany. The border is open. Those two are separated only by the river. Although moving between them is pretty easy the colourfull western life isn’t directly available to everyone. Some just take a role of observers.MLB Associates – Utilities Consultants
Hi, I’m Martin Braddy, welcome to our website!
MLB Associates was formed when my wife, Lyn, and I first ventured into the world of network marketing. It’s an industry which has often been misunderstood, however, we researched the facts and found it to be a very credible business model. The most important thing we learned was to only work with companies that offer goods or services that we all use on a daily basis, backed by first class customer care.
The internet has changed the way in which we purchase those goods and services today, but still nothing beats a personal service. Utilities, whether for your business or home, can be a minefield to source competitively. We’ve made it our business to offer that personal service and to help minimise those costs without sacrificing customer care.
Please scroll down to see how we can help you. Click the various buttons for further information. You’re bound to have some questions, so if you kindly complete the ‘Contact Me‘ form below, I’ll be in touch shortly.
Commercial Gas, Electricity & Water Procurement
Company: Full Power Utilities Ltd
Position: Premier Introducer Agent
Full Power Utilities Ltd (FPU) are completely independent commercial energy brokers that were established in 1997. They are one of only a handful of brokers across the UK given the prestigious ‘Premier Broker’ status – awarded by the suppliers in recognition of the quantity and quality of business they bring them. This means FPU have access to the most competitive rates in the market as well as forward buying privileges.
The company was built on supplier relationships and soon evolved into a ‘Whole of Market’ brokerage with direct agreements with every supplier (40+) in the UK. They help businesses of all sizes secure the most competitive and suitable energy contracts available without charging them a fee.
Commercial LED Lighting
Company: LED-UK Lighting Ltd
Position: Introducer
LED-UK can help switch your commercial properties to LED lighting.
You could save up to 71% on your energy bill, reduce your carbon emissions and get a fast return of investment by upgrading your lighting system to LED. LED-UK can help design, supply and install bespoke LED Lighting Systems tailored to your business.
Residential & Small Business
Company: Utility Warehouse, The Discount Club
Position: Authorised Distributor
Utility Warehouse provides over 600,000 customers throughout the UK with substantial savings on a wide range of utility services including home phone, mobiles, broadband, gas and electricity.
Please contact me for further info
The Dutch actress Hanna Verboom is famous as the winner of the Dutch Audience Elite Model Look 2003. In addition, she is also a member of the jury at the ShortCutz Amsterdam Film Festival in 2014.
Hanna Verboom was born on May 11, 1983, in Vilvoorde, Belgium. Though she was born in Belgium, she is nationally a Dutch and belongs to European ethnicity.
The lady grew up in Kenya and Sudan, however, later she moved to the Netherlands. As for her studies, she graduated from Amsterdam University where she majored in economics and philosophy.
The 35 years’ old actor Hanna Verboom is in an engaged relationship with her boyfriend turned fiance Ralf Rolex. The duo announced their engagement on November 27, 2018, through their socials. She captioned the post, “YES to a life full of adventures with you.”
As far as we know, the pair are together since January 2018 and are currently waiting to walk down the aisle. In addition to their engagement, the duo also shared a big piece of news on their Instagram. On January 18, 2019, Hanna revealed that she was pregnant with her first child.
At the moment, the pair is waiting for their little miracle and afterward, to share wedding vows with each other.
Previously, Hannah Verboom was dating her former boyfriend Gugi van der Valden. The pair started their intimate affair back in February 2012, however, they ended their relationship after just a year and a half in June 2013. Though they have broken up, they still seem to be good friends.
The blonde actor Hanna Verboom’s estimated net worth is $800 thousand. She earned her worth from her career in the entertainment industry and from her career as an entrepreneur as well. The lady started her career in 2004 with Snowfever and went on to appear in movies and tv shows such as Boks, The Interior, De co-assistent, Cool Kids Don’t Cry, Feuten, and finally in, Zomer in Zeeland.
YouTube: Bennie Stout Trailer
For her appearance in Bennie Stout, she along with her Dutch co-stars, Johan Nijenhuis, Koen Dobbelaer, Diederik Ebbinge, and Klaas de Jong, earned the Golden Films award in 2011. Altogether, she has appeared in 24 movies and tv shows.
At the moment, Verboom is the founder of a crowdfunding company, Get it Done. She has been associated with the organization since 2009; the company works on development projects.
Follow CelebBodySize for more celebrity-related content.Attention!
Our Service: We pay the VAT and pay or refund any applicable customs charges on your order.
So you can be sure there’ll be no unwelcome surprises. Simply place your order and enjoy!
Tips for Motorcycle Trips in Switzerland
What do you have to take into consideration when traveling to Switzerland?.
© Maksim Šmeljov – stock.adobe.comTalk:About The Gun
From LGPedia
Psmith 14:10, 16 April 2007 (CDT)
Ralphs
ummm. they were at ralphs on havenhurt on encino! i was there every day this weekend! how did i miss them?!?!?!
Picture
I just had to say that the picture for this is hilarious. He looks like a gopher. Chelseyrl 14:11, 16 April 2007 (CDT)
- I just had to say that I agree. =D -SilverBulletx3
Also, whoever did that whiteboard diagram did a great job. WTG! -grace2_89 Grace2 89 16:54, 24 November 2007 (CST)Back for a second year of Groovers Movie awards. As with last year, no nominations, just winners. Ten categories, most of which are the same or similar to those in other awards. The award itself named the “Dom” is modelled after a Dom Pérignon bottle (you need to watch Fandango to understand the relevance) and is a virtual for a second year as Moët haven’t approached offered to sponsor the award.
Best Movie:
Skyfall
Best Director:
Ben Affleck for Argo
Best Actress:
Marion Cotillard for Rust and Bone
Best Actor:
Matthew McConaughey for Killer Joe
Best Screenplay:
Moonrise Kingdom
Best Foreign Language Film:
Rust and Bone
Best Documentary:
Marley – The Imposter got all the plaudits but I found Marley more interesting and enjoyable.
Best Looking Movie:
Life of Pi; An amalgam of many awards including Cinematography, Production Design and Art Direction. Life of Pi wins the award for being the most beautiful looking movie of the year.
Best Ensemble Cast:
The Avengers: last years Movie Stars of the year given to movie stars who had impressed in a variety of movie has been replaced by Best Ensemble Cast, this goes to: and Paul Bettany who all played a part in making The Avengers great.
Fandango Award:
Fandango was writer/director Kevin Reynolds debut (and best) feature, and the first notable movie for star Kevin Costner. That is why the Fandango Award goes to someone in a début or breakthrough feature: Gina Carano in Steven Soderbergh’s B movie masterpiece Haywire.
.
Posted by Irwin Chusid at 5:26 AM No comments:
R58 Coupe MINI USA to Launch the MINI Coupe as Cooper & Cooper S Models Initially by Gabriel Bridger 11 years agoApr 19, 11 39 While we don’t know much about the MINI Coupe (and won’t until very early June) we can confirm that dealers in the US have officially ordered their launch cars. MINI USA gave dealers some choices including Cooper or Cooper S and auto or manual. At launch each dealer will get two MCS and one MC to have for test drives and showroom cars. Other confirguration specifics will be determined by MINI USA closer to the launch. Look for much (much) more on the highly anticipated MINI Coupe late this spring. And what about the rumors or a JCW Coupe at launch. While that still may be the case MINI may also decide to push it back to spring to focus on the Cooper and Cooper S models. FacebookTwitterPinterestRedditThe CEO of Kenyan market leader Safaricom has stated that the operator has no plans to react to Airtel Kenya’s imminent halving of its cross-network calling fees.
Safaricom’s Bob Collymore has told members of the Kenyan press that he can “see a price war coming” after Airtel announced its cuts, but noted that Safaricom must “maintain a sustainable business”, and therefore would not lower its tariffs in response. He added that the operator was prepared to cede some of its (majority) share of the mobile market.
Collymore’s comments come on the back of his return from a leave of absence. Last week, he spoke to a National Assembly Committee investigating competition in Kenya’s market in order to decry proposals that he claimed were punitive towards Safaricom and its subscribers.
Despite the committee’s investigation, the Communications Authority of Kenya has supported Collymore’s assertion that Safaricom’s market dominance is not detrimental to competition in Kenya.
Collymore also spoke on the subject of security, with Kenya’s Business Daily reporting that Safaricom is increasing the amount of subscriber data that it collects, which it claims will improve security. To this end, the operator is also testing biometric technologies for identity verification, including fingerprint scanners.18 Gems to Order From Net-a-Porter's Friends & Family Sale Before They Sell Out
No time to waste.
If you're familiar with Net-a-Porter's Friends & Family sales, you know that two of the defining qualities are that they're chock-full of good stuff and that they're very rare. But with temperatures finally dropping and fall shopping in full swing (since we actually have places to go this year), Net-a-Porter timed it perfectly with its just-launched 25%-off Friends and Family sale.
The sale runs until October 22, and using the code 25OFF, you can choose from over 10k items from some of fashion's top brands. For this edit, I chose a selection of basics, accessories, shoes, special occasion pieces, and more. But they're going to sell out quickly, so I won't waste any more of your time. Scroll on to shop the goods that I highly recommend adding to cart. You'll thank yourself later when picking out fall outfits is easier than ever.
Next up, cloud coats are proving to be the smartest buy of 2021.
Search Results
Howling Wraiths is a Spell in Hollow Knight. All Spells consume 33 SOUL and lessen the cost to 24 SOUL if the Spell Twister charm is equipped. Howling Wraiths releases souls that damage enemies caught in an arc and above The Knight.
Howling Wraiths Usage
- Press the FOCUS/CAST button and UP to activate the spell. It releases an energy wave of screaming SOUL and Shadows that damages enemies above the knight and caught within the arc - this spell has three bursts that deals 10 damage per hit, resulting in a total of 30 damage upon successfully hitting the enemy three times.
How to Find Howling Wraiths
- Overgrown Mound - located within Fog Canyon next to the entrance leading to Queen's Gardens, you'll find the spell near the corpse of the Nail Shaman.
Howling Wraiths Notes & Tips
- Equipping certain Charms can modify this spell:
- Shaman Stone: increases the damage by 50%.
28 Feb 2021 03:31
How much damage does it do?
0+1
0-1Half of the customers who are signing up for Verizon’s 5G Home fixed wireless access broadband service are new to the company, according to Ronan Dunne, EVP and president of Verizon Wireless.
Dunne, speaking at the Wells Fargo Tech Summit on Tuesday morning in a question-and-answer session with telecom analyst Jennifer Fritzsche of Wells Fargo, said that in the four initial launch markets for 5G Home, the customer base is split about 50-50 between those who have an existing relationship with Verizon and those who don’t. 5G Home is currently offered with the first three months free, then at $50 per month for customers who have a Verizon smartphone plan and $70 per month for those who do not.
Dunne said that having launched 5G Technical Forum-based fixed wireless access in four cities, Verizon will deploy 5G New Radio from here on out. The four 5G TF markets are Sacramento, CA; Los Angeles, CA; Houston, TX; and Indianapolis, IN.
“We won’t build any more markets with TF,” Dunne said, going on to add that its four TF markets are building the operator’s knowledge — not in the technical sense, but in its knowledge of real-life users. He said that the amount of time it takes to do a 5G Home installation “drops every single week” and that while the service has initially been rolled out with professional installation, he expects that over time that will shift to self-installation by the customer over time.
Dunne also said that the “vast majority” of 5G Home customers are getting speeds that are significantly higher than the minimum advertised speed of 300 Mbps.
“Most of our customers are probably double that,” Dunne said. Verizon says the maximum speed to expect from the service is 940 Mbps.
While there have been doubts about the resiliency of millimeter wave spectrum in terms of its ability to operate in rain, with leaf cover on trees and in non-line-of-sight circumstances, Dunne said, Verizon is seeing the service work in all of those scenarios.
Dunne also emphasized that Verizon is “building one network” that incorporates its fiber and spectrum assets as well as increased network density, and that it has been Verizon has been preparing for 5G for the past four years — which is why it doesn’t expect to see a huge spike in capital expenditures in order to roll out 5G. In fact, Dunne said, there may be some areas where Verizon actually ends up with fewer nodes than it has in LTE, as it progresses to future releases of 5G NR.
Dunne said that while Verizon does see a “significant opportunity to play in the value creation above the core connectivity layer” — such as in the smart home — he doesn’t see its 5G offering as revolving around heavy content bundles.
“People want to cord-shave or cord-cut,” he said. “We’re actually leaning in to changing customer behaviors.”
Verizon also this week announced that it will have a Samsung 5G smartphone available in the first half of 2019. In contrast to early 4G devices, which could be clunky and were more about proving that the technology could work, Dunne said, the move to bring an “iconic Samsung high-end device” and the 5G-upgradeable Motorola z3 as early device offerings is aimed both at giving customers access to 5G but also “all the benefits of the 4G network. Devices that give them the best of what’s out there, rather than ‘it uses the new technology, don’t worry about the other stuff.’”
The post Verizon: Half of FWA customers are new to the company appeared first on RCR Wireless News.How accurate is Con Air to Real Life Convict transport?
Oddly enough, in the prison system, the plane network is actually called “Con Air,” but just as a nickname, according to a Sun Sentinel report in 1997 around the film’s release. Officially, the system is called the Justice Prisoner and Alien Transportation System, or JPATS for short, and it’s only been around since 1995, according to the US Marshals Service. JPATS indeed transports convicts across the United States, in addition to deported illegal immigrants, and is one of the largest prisoner transport networks in the world.
Operating as a joint venture between the Federal Bureau of Prisons and US Immigration and Customs Enforcement, JPATS has some similarities to the system presented in “Con Air”. According to the Sun Sentinel, prisoners’ hands and ankles are handcuffed, sometimes double or even triple locked. The more volatile inmates are given restrictive hand covers to prevent movement and, in some cases, masks to prevent biting and spitting. Detainees are thoroughly inspected upon boarding the plane for contraband, much like in the movie.
Unlike “Con Air” and most of the prison system, JPATS does not separate convicted women and men. Another major difference is the aircraft itself. In “Con Air”, the C-137 has a military style hull and seating arrangement, while the Boeing 737s used by JPATS are like civilian planes, to a dozen US marshalls.
And no, they don’t play any Lynyrd Skynyrd on the speakers in real life.49 infinity 6 model art canon 5 2014 nikon black blue 4 models white sexy 2010 olympus zoom 3 martin nissan hand over mazda film stockton photography red car water honda landscape bw uk photos 32 life g37 sunshine chevrolet competizione cayla lights coast fiat scena ballerino eyes marzo festival sky fast jaziefai danzatrice danza colori houston natasha wrx classica california trofeo scarf hiphop show girlswithtattoos gara toyota heels friuli girls coemar alluminio danzatore 400 lightdesigner babydollbre photographer color subaru mac700 studio summer slammed audi lignanosabbiadoro friuliveneziagiulia fuji internazionale camera florida dsphoto berini endlesslovecrew beautiful space northerncalifornia summerday night female expert blackdress newyork d200 claypaky modeling
Pairs:
2 infinity,olympus olympus,stylus film,infinity camera,zoom film,olympus infinity,scarf camera,film infinity,zoom graffiti,infinity camera,infinity film,zoom
Users:
Phillip Pessar fchrist2 pbo31 Michi (Friuli) dandelion gum Canon_Fodder. rbrtwhite Natalie Bisignano cosplusup alexgn chavala galcohen2014 soulful-fruit myke321 Digital Dennis Suluban Cliff Bali Vila Pemandangan Laut Ryan Vaarsi sufined Becki_Fuller Lantus ∞ Cédric JANODET Its just Ricky JB Morlot lemoncat1 carnagenyc NWVT.co.uk bluespecsstudio|etsy r.eck KFVPhotography buckethead777 Tom Daem James Peters (Jay Pee) Nawaf Bin Ibrahim Infinity_USA_AllStars Simon Norton vavovi_rec ICARUSISMART Ben Suda Zyphonx houstonryan katherinedubois FJT Photography Roman Skrada ks.child)!The leader of the Irish Catholic Church is looking for an urgent meeting with the Irish authorities over what he calls for a“draconian“ ban on public Mass..
Archbishop Eamon Martin accused the government of behaving in a“covert manner without notice or consultation“.
Irish Health Minister Stephen Donnelly signed a regulation a week allowing just virtual religious services as a result of pandemic.
The archbishops said that they considered his action“a breach of trust“.
They are looking for legal advice.
In a statement, Archbishop Martin said he became aware on Friday that a statutory instrument had been released a week about the matter.
IMAGE COPYRIGHTPACEMAKER
picture captionA priest celebrating an online Mass in an empty church throughout the first lockdown last year
He predicted the movement both“provocative“ and“draconian“, adding the legislation was“unnecessary and confusing“.
„The exact provisions are unclear and at first reading appear to be draconian, moving farther than the limitations we have been cooperating with throughout the pandemic to date,“ he said.
„We shall be looking for legal counsel to counsel on several questions concerning the extent knew the value of worship to those of Ireland, this statutory instrument was introduced“into a clandestine fashion and without consultation or notice“.
The Irish health ministry has defended the recent limitations on Mass, stating there is a ban on most large indoor parties because of the risks introduced by Covid-19.
Irish broadcaster RTÉ has noted that Mr Donnelly said that he was aware that it was a significant imposition for a good deal of individuals and as soon as public health advice deemed it secure, people Mass would be permitted.
If you loved this write-up and you would such as to obtain more information concerning 代孕 kindly see our web-site. In addition, he stated he’d be delighted to fulfill the bishops.
All adults in every U.S. state, Washington, D.C., and Puerto Rico are currently eligible for a Covid-19 vaccine, meeting the April 19 deadline which President Biden set two weeks back.
America is administering a mean of 3.2 million gallons a day, up from roughly 2.5 million a month earlier. More than 131 million individuals, or half of American adults, had obtained at least one shot as of Sunday, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, roughly 84.3 million people were completely vaccinated.
Hawaii, Massachusetts, New Jersey, Oregon, Rhode Island and Vermont would be the final states to expand eligibility, opening vaccinations to each of the adults on Monday.
„It is truly historic we have already reached this milestone,“ said Dr. Nandita Mani, the associate medical director of infection prevention and control in the University of Washington Medical Center.
Following a slow start, the speed of vaccinations has grown considerably in recent months. Mr. Biden, who initially said he wanted states to make all of adults eligible to get a vaccine by May 1, then moved up the deadline as vaccinations accelerated. Mr. Biden has also set a goal of administering 200 million doses with his 100th day in office, which the nation is currently on pace to fulfill.Home » Te Ao Māori » Te tīmata i tētahi kaupapa atawhai hou? – Starting a new charity? »
Ngā momo hanganga me ngā ture - Structures and rules
This page outlines what to consider when deciding what legal structure is most appropriate for you and guidance on writing your rules documents.
If your organisation is a Māori charity which is not a marae, there are other legal forms your organisation can take. Community Toolkit has more information on choosing the right legal structure for your group(external link).
Te Puni Kokiri(external link) has guidance regarding the different legal structures Māori organisations can take. It covers the advantages and disadvantages of each structure and how this can impact on governance. You can learn more by reading Te Puni Kokiri's governance guidance(external link).
It is important to note that your organisation can be an incorporated society or charitable trust but this does not automatically make you a registered charity. To be registered as a charity you need to apply for registration with Charities Services and your organisation must advance charitable purposes(external link).
Ko ō tikanga ko ngā pukapuka kei te whakatakoto i ngā take o tō kaupapa atawhai, ā koutou mahi me ō koutou tikanga mahi. Hei tauira, ko tā koutou kirimana tiakitanga, tā koutou kaupapa ā-ture, tā koutou tūtohinga rānei. Mehemea i whakatūria tohutūtia tō whakahaere ki raro i tētahi Ture Pāremata, kei te whakatakotoria pea ō koutou tikanga ki taua Ture..
You can submit your rules in Te Reo or English.
Do you need to write rules for your organisation?
Charitable Trust - Trust Deed: CommunityNet Aotearoa have a sample charitable trust deed and guide to its clauses(external link). This contains some clauses required by law and some that are included to encourage good practice.
Incorporated Society – Constitution: The Companies Office created a ‘do-it-yourself’ online tool for writing or revising rules for incorporated societies called the Constitution Builder(external link). This tool is able to produce a draft document that contains most of the content required in a constitution. To get started, visit the Constitution Builder tool(external link)..
American Airlines
British Airways
Delta
JetBlue
Lufthansa
United
Let someone else wait on hold.
Gary Leff of View From The Wing taught me about GetHuman.com a few years ago when Snowmageddon hit. This site offers many sanity-saving aids, including: phone numbers (with shortcuts) to many companies, step-by-step guides on how to solve certain problems, representatives who can solve the problem for you if you simply don’t want to deal with any of it, and a robot that waits on hold so you don’t have to. “You don’t talk to the airline faster,” says Gary, “but you don’t wait on hold: The website sets it up so that you get a call back when it’s your turn.” LucyPhone is another virtual queuing service that has recently arrived on the scene; you can use the mobile-friendly site or one of their apps to dial a company and then get a call back when a real person finally picks up.
Something to keep in mind.Picture by Sebastian Caro Ortiz
New iRASPA/RASPA Workshop coming up
iRASPA/RASPA
Recent News
>>IMAGE.
BRICK-CFCMC, a New Monte Carlo Simulation Code for Forcefield Based Simulations in Open Ensembles
Brick-CFCM is new molecular simulation code for performing Monte Carlo simulations using state-of-the-art simulation techniques. The Continuous Fractional Component (CFC) method is implemented for simulations in the NVT/NPT ensembles, the Gibbs Ensemble, the Grand-Canonical Ensemble, and the Reaction Ensemble.
Advances, Updates, and Analytics for CoRE MOF 2019
Over.
Recent Workshops/Schools
iRASPA/RASPA online workshop 2022
Announcement: One-day online iRASPA/RASPA workshop on Thursday January 20, 2022. Times: 9h00 – 16h45 CET (Central European Time).
This workshop/school focuses on a practical understanding of visualization and molecular simulation of nanoporous materials and fluids, using iRASPA and RASPA.
iRASPA/RASPA Online School/Workshop
A half-day, online workshop on introduction to molecular simulation and visualization using the force-field based molecular simulation code RASPA. The combination with the visualization software iRASPA enables obtaining direct molecular insight. In this 1/2 day workshop, besides lectures on the basics of MD/MC, we will also demo the practical side of simulations using iRASPA/RASPA.
Chemical Nanoengineering School
This RASPA workshop is held at Wrocław University of Science and Technology (Wrocłow, Poland) as a Erasmus Mundus Master school and focuses on a practical understanding of molecular simulations of fluids, ionic liquids, and nanoporous materials and applying the RASPA molecular simulation code to practical examples. The duration is 3.5 days, with lectures in the morning and exercises in the afternoon.
Recent Blog Posts
.
Visual Studio Code C/C++/Fortran with Multiple Source Files
Visual Studio Code is a free source-code editor made by Microsoft for Windows, Linux and macOS..
iRASPA M1 MacBook 13-inch GPU speedtest
The new M1 MacBook Pro 13-inch has a shared CPU/CPU memory architecture. Here we compare the speed of the Apple M1 GPU to some other Macs. The results for the Apple M1 are excellent. They are on par with the Radeon Pro 560X and faster for up to about a thousand atoms.Top forex news apps
Mar 06, 2014. Top 6 Mobile Apps for Forex Trading - Goodreturns A Forex trading app is a web or smartphone device used to monitor the Forex market which provides useful details for your day-to-day trading business. These vary from trading platforms and news Best Forex Trading App's for Beginners (TOP 5) - YouTube Oct 14, 2019 · The future is mobile 📱, so prepare yourself and make the most out of your trading journey with these top 5 Forex apps. 👍🤩 Latest market updates and live news, in your pocket 24/7 🙌
25 Jul 2019 Investing.com has two excellent investing apps. The first is a typical stock market app. It features news about stocks, forex, and all kinds of other
Integrated news and analysis, plus real time trade alerts, are two mobile specific features that set this app 15 Mar 2020 As a forex trader, you need to access market quotes, news feeds, Here are the top nine best smartphone forex apps for to help you in trading:. Learn about the forex trading industry and practice trading with the best forex Here are some of the top Forex apps to help you to make the most out of those With Bloomberg, get updated with the best financial news and keep tabs on those Compare 2020's top Forex trading apps. you can react quickly to trends and news wherever you are without missing out on opportunities that are just too good Here are the 5 best forex sites for live news and staying updated on daily forex trading analysis and forecasts. This is crucial, as you'll want to be notified about any key market developments that could affect your forex positions. One of the best forex apps for market news is
The best forex trading apps for iPhone - appPicker?
The Top 5 Android Apps for Forex Trading - Modest Money
Mar 06, 2020 · Likewise with forex, there are various mobile apps that allow you access to information about the forex market whenever you want. In today’s video, I will be sharing the BEST mobile apps for FOREX traders (in my opinion) to help increase your chances of success in the forex market. Top 8 Mobile Apps for Forex Trading - TechZone360 Apr 02, 2020 · Forex trading involves active trading of major currency pairs, which remain volatile during trading. The prices of these currency pairs move with events and release of economic news. As a trader, you need ready access to market quotes, charts, accounts and news feeds. This helps you to take advantage of trading opportunities that might come up. Forex trading apps provide quick access to … The Top Forex News Sites - YouTube Aug 18, 2015 · The Top Forex News Sites TradeFxDirect. Loading Unsubscribe from TradeFxDirect? How to Trade USD / CAD News Trading in Forex, 600$ in 1 min - Duration: 12:14. Forex eBooks & News - Top eBooks for Trading - Apps on ... Feb 24, 2020.
13 Dec 2018 Best News App: MSN Money. Being a forex trader is all about following the markets and staying on top of the latest developments. MSN Money
Find out our top 10 Best Forex Brokers For Mobile Apps. Start trading on the go with The ForexTime app is more used for account features, news, charting and 15 Dec 2017 a better investor in the new year with this list of the best investing apps and their app is my go-to for news and real-time data throughout the Top 4 Apps for Forex Traders - Investopedia
4 Best Forex Trading Mobile Apps to Use in 2020 • Benzinga.
These proposals share some common ground, particularly in their call for a more equitable allocation of responsibility for refugees by taking into account countries’ different capacities, resources and contributions.
But what is more striking is their significant differences. These relate not only to their level of ambition, but more fundamentally on what responsibility-sharing involves, how it can be measured and applied, and how it should be implemented and monitored.
Here are three of the big unresolved issues:
1. What responsibilities are we are talking about?
There is little consensus about what specific responsibilities should be shared. Some proposals – such as the largely unsuccessful E.U. resettlement quota system for the relocation of refugees from Italy and Greece – seek commitments to a specific responsibility in isolation, such as hosting refugees. Other proposals seek to be more comprehensive, including the hosting of refugees together with other responsibilities, such as refugee financing, providing personnel, training or infrastructure, the provision of durable solutions, or, more opaquely, efforts to minimize the drivers of displacement such as rule of law initiatives and conflict prevention.
The first draft of the Global Compact on Refugees published this March takes one of the broadest approaches. It suggests that contributions may include “the hosting of refugees, making financial contributions and providing solutions” as well as contributions to the provision of refugee protection such as development action, private-sector investment and job creation. The Model International Mobility Convention takes a narrower approach by including just the resettlement of refugees and financial contributions. This omits arguably the most common contribution to refugees globally: the reception and protection of refugees in the first countries in which they arrive.
2. How can we measure capacities and contributions?
In its annual Global Trends report, UNHCR uses population density, gross domestic product (GDP) and the Human Development Index to crudely measure states’ capacity to provide protection. However, there is increasing attention on developing more holistic indicators of states’ capacities and contributions. DARA’s Refugee Response Index focuses more on measuring countries’ contributions, for example to facilitating durable solutions and creating conditions for refugee self-sufficiency and integration.
There are a number of challenges to these measurements. In measuring contributions, there is the issue of equivalency. How, for example, are we meant to weigh the financial contribution of states to a refugee emergency against the contribution made by initial host states providing asylum to refugees, without creating a price per head for refugees? Or, when comparing the contributions made by host states, are we to assign equal value to hosts that provide refugees with housing, healthcare and the ability to access employment to those hosts that do not?
In measuring capacity, determining the accuracy, legitimacy and appropriate weighting of each indicator is a challenge. For example, population density appears as an indicator of capacity in most proposals, on the basis that less-populated states are better able to absorb refugees because there is likely to be more living space and less impact on the environment. But even this indicator is challenged by demographers, as the impact of a population can be mediated by other factors, such as demographic organization, consumption and technology. Perhaps it may be more appropriate to look specifically at the availability of housing or environment impacts such as deforestation or pollution levels.
The challenges only increase with the more contentious indicators. For example, to what extent should integration potential be considered when determining state capacity, if at all? How can the choices of refugees themselves be factored into these measures? How can these measures recognize and incorporate the benefits that refugees provide host societies?
The first draft of the Global Compact on Refugees proposes that each state and stakeholder determine their respective contributions according to their own judgment. It is difficult to see how this approach will move us beyond the ad hockery, inconsistency and unfairness of the current refugee regime.
3. Who should be involved?
Most proposals take a state-focused approach to responsibility-sharing. Yet the proposed first draft of the Global Compact on Refugees takes a remarkably different approach by including not just nation states, but also a large number of other stakeholders, such as local authorities, civil society, international organizations, academics, private sector, media and refugees themselves. It also proposes action to be taken at any level of governance – global, regional, national or local.
This approach is not surprising, given UNHCR’s advocacy for a multi-stakeholder or “whole-of-society” approach to refugee protection, along with the United Nations’ broader push for a new way of working that, for example, breaks down silos between humanitarian, development and migration actors and engages more effectively with local organizations and the private sector.
But, this approach is also not without risk. While it has the potential to build upon each stakeholder’s respective comparative advantage and open up new avenues for greater responsibility-sharing, the inclusion of an indeterminate number of stakeholders risks diluting the core responsibilities of nation states. It also makes it almost impossible to measure the fairness and equity of such a system.
If we are to seize the opportunity of this year’s Global Compact process to develop a more concrete framework for equitable and effective responsibility-sharing, we need to tackle each of these issues head-on.
The views expressed in this article belong to the author and do not necessarily reflect the editorial policy of Refugees Deeply.
This article is based on Tristan Harley’s presentation at the Exodus Institute Symposium on Responsibility-Sharing and Refugees held at Georgetown University on 16 April 2018 in collaboration with the World Refugee Council.Austin, Texas – As Austin debates its vision for public safety, a new report released today lays out the role Austin Regional Intelligence Center, also known as ARIC, plays in the surveillance and data sharing of Austinites. The Silicon Hills Eyes: How ARIC Fusion Center Surveillance Makes Austin Less Safe, is a joint project by Grassroots Leadership, Just Futures Law, and the Boston University School of Law Immigrants' Rights and Human Trafficking Program.
The report examines the technology ARIC uses to carry out its surveillance, the kind of information ARIC knows about the general public, the corporations and law enforcement agencies involved, as well as how this infrastructure harms some of Austin’s most vulnerable community members—including activists, immigrants, and students.
Key findings from the report include:
—ARIC conducts invasive surveillance on a wide array of Austin residents through a web of high-tech surveillance and data-sharing contracts, as well as in-person monitoring.
—ARIC uses city resources to share personal information of vulnerable Austin residents - including students and immigrants - with federal agencies, placing them at greater risk of arrest, detention, and deportation.
—ARIC has refused to abide by even the weak oversight mechanisms and civil liberty protections proscribed in its policy.
Authors of the report note that high-tech surveillance and data-sharing networks like ARIC that seek to preemptively monitor and profile people’s behavior and whereabouts are no longer confined to works of fiction like George Orwell’s 1984, but are increasingly a reality in many Black, brown, and poor neighborhoods.
Report recommendations include moving funding from the ARIC Fusion Center towards funding for immigrant legal defense through the Travis County Public Defender’s Office. The report also recommends establishing a mandatory Equity Office oversight process prior to consideration of city procurements, grants, and Council agenda items pertinent to public safety, as proposed by the Reimagine Public Safety Task Force. Not only would these initiatives begin to remedy some of the harm that ARIC has caused to vulnerable community members, they would also prevent the same threats from resurfacing through other surveillance and information sharing proposals.
The report follows the recent release of a budget proposal from the City Manager’s office that increases funding to the Austin Police Department by $8.5 Million compared to the 2019 budget, including transferring all items placed in the Reimagine and Decouple funds in last summer’s budget process back into the APD budget. ARIC was one of the units that had been placed in this fund after community alarm over its invasive surveillance practices, but is now slated to return to APD for continued funding.
Only $1.9 Million is allocated in the City Manager’s budget proposal for items recommended by the Reimagine Public Safety task force, despite robust proposals to fund programs that would remedy inequities in overpoliced communities. On Monday July 12, Communities of Color United, Grassroots Leadership, and Texas Harm Reduction Alliance demanded that the following be funded in this year’s budget proposal instead of increasing police funding above the levels required by law:
—Community neighborhood hubs
—Universal basic income pilot program
—Community health workers
—Mandatory equity oversight process prior to consideration of city procurements, grants, and Council agenda items pertinent to public safety
Claudia Muñoz, Co-Executive Director of Grassroots Leadership: “ARIC claims to protect the public, but that’s impossible to achieve through surveillance. In reality, ARIC creates a network of information that empowers the police state to continue its criminalization and persecution of Black and brown communities. Instead of continuing to fund ARIC surveillance and data sharing, we urge the City of Austin to shift funding toward initiatives such as community hubs, public health workers, universal basic income, and immigrant legal defense that will actually keep our communities safe.”
Paromita Shah, Executive Director of Just Futures Law: “It is impossible to maintain this surveillance and data sharing infrastructure without violating our core human rights and civil liberties. Its existence threatens all residents’ rights to privacy, freedom of speech, and movement. ARIC poses tremendous risks to Black and immigrant Austin residents to criminalization, arrest, and deportation. “
Professor Sarah Sherman-Stokes, Clinical Associate Professor of Law at the Boston University School of Law: “What we’re seeing here is the damage caused by ARIC in distributing sensitive, personal and identifying information to other local and federal agencies, including Immigration and Customs Enforcement. It increases exposure of Austin area residents to deportation while also subjecting all Austinites to unprecedented levels of police surveillance in their daily lives.”
The full report can be found here.
###
Grassroots Leadership is an Austin, Texas-based national organization that works for a more just society where prison profiteering, mass incarceration, deportation, and criminalization are things of the past. Follow us @Grassroots_News.
Just Futures Law (JFL) is an innovative legal organization that defends and builds the power of immigrants’ rights and criminal justice activists, organizers, and base building community groups working to disrupt and dismantle our deportation and mass incarceration systems.We encounter different kinds of things in our life. Some are memorable while the others are not. One thing is permanent with everyone that all of us want to make our time and life memorable. It can be done once we do good things or when we are appreciated for our choices and the work that we do. Out of hundreds of things one thing that is important in our life is the certificates that we hold for our courses and studies. It acts as our reflection and tells the world what we are and what is our worth. This is the importance of a certificate.
There are numerous varieties of certification courses which are being offered by different institutes, schools and colleges. It is for us to decide which one we want to take up and in what we want to make our future. One of the certificate course that people want to do is ISO 29001 certification.
This certification is done by people who are into petroleum, petrochemical and natural gas industries. It is very important for a person to have this certificate if he or she wants to make it big in this field. ISO 29001 certification, makes the individual more competent and he or she is able to make the right choice at work and is able to minimize wastage from service providers and emphasizes on defect prevention. By doing this certificate course, the employers make sure that they give complete service satisfaction, maintain their customers, control cost and increase efficiency. Everyone wants to have long term relation with their client and want that the business grows and if a certification helps you get that then why not take up the course? This is what a certification does for an individual and a company.
Immense importance is given to certification. To pass the exam is also not easy. It is one of the toughest exams that one has to give in order to get the certificate. Any certification course is always in depth, has more volumes to study, and at times has practical classes apart from theory knowledge. Certification from a reputed institute or college is always difficult and very expensive, but, if one cracks all the odd then he or she will always remain the winners. Because, they would have made their future and will always fly high and be on the top.
A certificate might be a paper, but holds a lot of value. If the certification has value throughout the world then nothing like it. People can benefit from you anywhere you go and you can also enjoy the luxury not only in the home country but also in the foreign land. Once you have climbed the step then there is no looking down, because you will always go up and one day catch the stars. This is what a certificate course can do to you if taken up at the right time from the right place.A small-size air fryer is quite functional in the kitchen, and apart from saving your body from weight gain or other ailments, these also help in cooking various food items.
Both children and adults love fried food. It is just the perfect product for students or couples who love to eat fried food but want to switch to a healthier lifestyle. Hence, an air fryer has gained popularity immensely.
Presently there are various air fryer brands in the market, making it challenging for a user to choose the best one. All are offering different features, performance, and so on. Thus, to lessen your research, we have tested all of them and listed the top 5 best small air fryers.
Our experts have checked and tested the air fryer’s functions, performance, ease of cleaning, durability, capacity, and others to provide you with the best options to choose from.
01. DASH Tasti-Crisp 2.6-quart Air Fryer
Cooking crispy food just got easier and healthier with the Dash air fryer. It is the perfect appliance for your home. With 1000 Watts of power, it uses the “Air Crisp Technology” to cook food with hot air instead of oil. It helps in cooking food with 75% less oil. To prevent food from overheating or overcooking, it has an auto-shut-off function. Even it has a cool-touch handle, which makes it safe to be used by children.
And it comes with a timer and temperature setting for various foods. This machine is quite easy to use; simply put the food items in the fryer basket, set the timer and temperature. The temperature range is from 200 °F to 400 °F for perfect fry.
The exterior of this unit is made of heavy plastic, and the interior has durable metal walls with a removable tray on the bottom. A perfect addition to your kitchen countertop with a capacity of 2.6-quart, sufficient for a family of 2 to 4 people. With a sleek design and various color options to choose from, this is quite compact and lightweight.
It can make various dishes from desserts, fried chicken, french fries, all your favorites within a few minutes. The tray and drawer are dishwasher safe. But the exterior of the air fryer needs occasional wiping.
Read More: 7 Best Air Fryers Under $200 In 2021
02. GoWISE USA 1.7-quart Mini Air Fryer
GoWISE USA’s mini air fryer is a modern appliance for the smaller kitchen. The unit has a great power of 1700 Watts and 5 built-in presets such as frozen food, air fry, toast keep warm, and Reheat. These options help you enjoy your meal with the touch of a button.
However, the control features come with a touchscreen menu that helps select a cooking function easily – all you need to do is set the time and temperature. The temperature range it offers is 180°F to 400°F. This air fryer is quite durable as the removable pan and tray are made of nonstick & PFOA-free materials.
It comes with a single basket that allows you a maximum cooking capacity of up to 2 Qt for 1 to 2 people. It’s designed to be time-efficient, sleek, and compact to save kitchen countertop space. Apart from this, you can prepare various food items like fish, fries, meat, desserts, etc. easily. The basket and tray are easy to clean & can be washed in the dishwasher. But, remember not to apply a wet cloth to the touch screen.
Read More: 12 Best Air Fryers for Family of 4 in 2021
03. Chefman TurboFry 2-quart Air Fryer
Now you can cook food without excess oil and live a healthy lifestyle. Enjoy your favorite fried food with just the easiest appliance in your kitchen, the Chefman Turbofry air fryer. With its 1000 watts power, the air fryer helps you cook delicious food healthily with zero or less oil. It comes with an “Intuitive Control Dial” which allows you to adjust the time and temperature easily. The maximum range of temperature is 400°F which is enough to fryer your all favorite food.
It also has a rubber handle and power and heating indicator lights for further user safety, even for children. Its special feature doesn’t allow food to overheat and eliminates the use of extra electricity. The advanced safety technology makes it durable and long-lasting.
With a spacious capacity of 2.11 Qt, it has a sleek design and is fit for a small kitchen countertop. It makes your kitchen clutter-free by eliminating various appliances or pots and pans. You can fry crispy fries and chicken, bake your favorite brownies or cake like a pro. Its cooking tray and basket are dishwasher-safe, which makes cleanup simple and hassle-free.
Read More: 8 Best Air Fryers With Dehydrator 2021
4. Elite Gourmet 1.1-quart Personal Air Fryer
Promising exceptional flavor and crispy texture, the Elite Gourmet is just the most versatile option for your cooking needs. Here’s to cooking food healthy with 85% less oil. With 1000 Watts of power and this small air fryer gives you versatility and control over the food you eat.
It cooks food faster with less oil and allows an automatic shutoff feature to prevent using extra electricity. Even it saves food from overheating or overcooking. It comes with a cool handle to remove the fried food or glide the tray safely without burning your hands.
With an adjustable time and temperature setting, the high-power convection fan allows it to cook food in the temperature range of 180°F to 390°F. It is made of PFOA/PTFE-free Nonstick materials and has also been ETL-approved. Thus, along with being durable and long-lasting, it is also safe for the kitchen.
The capacity of this air fryer can hold up to 1 Qt and is quite ideal for personal use. With a sleek design in a minimal black exterior, it provides various cooking techniques from frying, baking, roasting, and grilling, all in a single appliance.
It lets you enjoy crispy chicken, fries, and more without the guilt of food being greasy or unhealthy. Its nonstick coated pan is removable and dishwasher safe, making cleanup fast and easy. To clean the exterior part, simply wipe it with a damp cloth.
Read More: 7 Best Commercial Air Fryers in 2021
5. Hamilton Beach 3.7-quart Air Fryer
Enjoy your favorite fried food with great taste in a healthier and easier method, right at the comfort of your kitchen. With a power of 1400 Watts, this air fryer allows fast and powerful cooking.
Its best features are the one-touch display along with the 6 pre-programmed settings, which allow perfect cooking. However, there is also an option to select the cooking time and temperature depending on your requirements with the manual mode.
To allow a safety check, especially if you have children at home, it gives an audible beep when cooking is done. Even the Cool-touch handle comes in handy to glide the basket or trays. This functional appliance allows time set up and temperature range up to 400°F to cook all food items with perfection. The basket is made of nonstick Teflon material, which is quite a durable material for the long run.
The Hamilton Beach air fryer has a large serving capacity of 2.64 Qt from French fries to desserts, it can cook all your favorite items with little to no oil. The nonstick basket is removable and allows easy cleanup, and is dishwasher safe as well. If you do not have a dishwasher, you can easily wash it with soap and water as it requires zero to less oil, leaving very little grease or residue.
Read More: 7 Best Air Fryers for 2 People in 2021
How to Choose the Best Small Air Fryer?
Before you purchase a compact air fryer, keep in mind some of the essential factors that will help you make the right decision. Here are they;
Wattage
Before making your choice of an air fryer, make sure you know the power wattage it offers. A standard air fryer typically comes within 800 to 1800 watts. Higher watts in an air fryer call for higher temperatures; it will heat quickly and use more electricity.
If you want a quick appliance, then go to an air fryer with 1000 to 1500 watts. It will work well for your kitchen. If you wish to save electricity and energy, then a typical 800 to 1000 watts air fryer should work well.
Durability
Before purchasing any appliance, we need to make sure that it is durable and works well in the long run. Air fryers in the expensive range are an investment. Hence, you must choose an air fryer with a nonstick coating with stainless steel materials in the interior.
A touchscreen display air fryer might look modern and trendy, but it is sensitive and prone to casualties. A typical air fryer should cook fried food safer and work better in the long run.
Preset Programs
Ensure whether the air fryer allows its users to adjust the time and temperature as per their requirements. Various air fryers offer both manual and preset program settings. A good air fryer must offer at least 5 such programs, including frying, baking, grilling, roasting, and reheating. This makes cooking convenient and easy.
Cooking Capacity
The serving capacity of an air fryer is important. A small unit typically has the capacity of 1 Qt to 2Qt. A medium unit comes from around 2 to 2.5 Qt. And the capacity of a larger unit can be around 5 to 7Qt. If you have a small family consisting of 4-5 people, then an air fryer of medium capacity should be sufficient. Whereas, if you are a single person, then a small fryer works fine.
Cooking Speed
Most people pick an air fryer as they offer to make food quickly, even fried food, which takes hours to make in a standard stove cooking. A typical good air fryer has a cooking time of 5 to 30 minutes. The temperature range should be about 350°F to 400°F.
Cooking speed also depends on the kind of food you’re cooking. If you want faster cooking, then go for an air fryer with a manual mode; hence it will eliminate the process of preheating.
Cleaning Opportunity
People always opt for appliances that are simple to clean. The main purpose of air fryers is to eliminate cooking or preparing time, and if the cleaning process takes more time than the cooking time, it is a waste.
Usually, most air fryers come with nonstick interiors, and since less oil is required to cook, it hardly leaves residue or grease. Hence, you must choose the one with removable and dishwasher-safe parts, making the cleaning process easy. The exterior can be wiped with a wet cloth.
Free Accessories
Free accessories are not the most important factor before purchasing any appliance. But, they are a bonus to the product. Before purchasing an air fryer, you can check if they come with a recipe book, extra trays, or basket. These come quite handy in the kitchen while cooking.
Conclusion
All these products are great and offer versatile functionalities with an oil-free cooking experience. But, our pick is Dash air fryer based on performance, capacity, and usability. It offers a 2.64Qt capacity that serves a medium-sized family.
And it has a minimal exterior look which makes your kitchen appear modern. It even has amazing features, such as an automatic temperature control system and an automatic shutoff feature which prevents overheating.
Read More:
>>IMAGE.I get tension headaches from playing crafting games, apparently. Had one develop while playing BOTW last year; I stopped playing, but it stayed with me for two months. Tried Minecraft for the first time this week, and now it's back. Anybody else get this?
Finally bought a PS4, and a copy of Bloodborne. It's gorgeous, obviously. But spoiled wank that I am: I'm finding the amount of detail on screen unpleasantly overwhelming. It's really really tiring trying to process it all. Can anyone relate to this?
Has anyone played Ghost Trick on the DS? Few months ago I tried it, didn't like it, and now want to sell it - but I don't know if I'm missing out. I thought the writing and characterization was twee and the puzzles were tedious. Does anything change?
Resident Evil 4 was a game that colonised my unconscious. It took root inside my brain. For about a week in 2006, aged twelve years old, playing through the game was all that I did.&nbs...Council Leader Zoe Nicholson & Ovesco
Local Community Energy Coop OVESCo celebrates with LDC Leader Zoe Nicholson at the launch of their rooftop solar at Pippa’s Nursery and Landport Community Centre.
Lewes District Council has joined a handful of trailblazing councils across the country who are actively investing in their local Community Energy Co-operatives and is one of over 70 local investors in the Ovesco’s Sunny Solar Schools programme. This latest step is part of a wider council plan to radically cut greenhouse gas emissions and make the district climate resilient by 2030.
The 28 solar panels will supply free electricity for Pippa’s nursery thereby reducing the running costs of this important local resource which supports local children and parents.
Says Pippa Campbell of Pippa’s nursery “We are delighted that the nursery is now powered by solar. It’s good to know that we are supporting their future, not only by providing the children and their parents with a top notch early years’ experience, but also we are creating less impact on their future by powering our nursery from a sustainable source. We are so proud to have this resource on the roof of our building.”
Councillor Zoe Nicholson, Leader of Lewes District Council, said: “The council is pleased to be able to support projects like these through OVESCO’s share offer. The local community owning a sustainable way of generating electricity means there are benefits for the children, benefits for the community and for the future of Landport.”
Chris Rowland of Ovesco adds: “This is our 9th project for local schools. What we most love about doing this work we are both contributing more renewable generated and community owned electricity for our community, and providing additional skills to our community. Our long term goal is to create more green jobs and contribute to a zero carbon Lewes.”
“In order for Lewes to be zero carbon we need to generate 26MW of renewable electricity and or, reduce demand. We are delighted that the Council has supported our goals by investing 5K in our projects. We are even more pleased that by investing in our projects we will be able to give the Council a 4% return on their investment, so creating a positive feedback loop for our community.”
Pippa’s nursery project on Landport Community Centre has been paid for by a community share offer which Ovesco coordinated as a community benefit project. Additional support was given to the project by OVESCO who donated all of the solar panels from a previous project. These donations contributed more than half the cost of the project. A clear example of the many ways in which locally owned community energy projects work for the benefit of the community.
If you would like to invest in future community energy projects, please join the Ovesco mailing list by emailing hello@ovesco.co.uk or keeping an eye on the Ovesco website.
Attached Photo: (Credit to Rosie Pendered aged 13, Chailey School)
Lewes District Council Leader Zoe Nicholson hands over £5000 to OVESCo for their Sunny Solar Schools projects at Pippa’s Nursery in Landport with from Left to Right:
Ian Campbell (Pippa’s Nursery), Ollie Pendered (Ovesco), Chris Rowland (Ovesco), Leader Zoe Nicholson (Lewes DC), Cllr Mathew Bird (LDC).
Also picture of £5000 Lewes Pounds:Three Strap Sandals
$29.20
This sandal is carefully designed by combining two shades of brown leather to create a lovely three strap sandals. Three strap of a light tan leather is stitched on the band and hand stitched to create a decorative feature.
Description
Additional information
Only logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.>>-900neo
Our brand new Airbus A330-900neo is a versatile aircraft that serves both our medium and long haul routes. This aircraft is the latest addition to the Airbus twin-aisle family and is equipped with state of the art cabin that offers unprecedented levels of comfort.
The latest addition to our fleet, our A330-900neo, which came in this April, is a new generation aircraft. With the delivery of the A330neo, Air Mauritius becomes the first airline in the world to operate both the A350-900 and the A330neo.
Featuring a new high-span wing with composite Sharklet, new composite narcelle, new Rolls-Royce Trent 7000 engine and innovative cockpit systems, it has eco-friendliness built into its very DNA – it caters for up to 25% less fuel burn per seat and CO2 emissions!
The A330-900neo aircraft has a similar cabin layout as our flagship A350-900 aircraft and is configured with full-flat seats in Business class, new seats in Economy class:
Economy Class: 260 seats
Business Class: 28 seats
This aircraft is equipped with WiFi.
It also gives enviable cabin space for an exclusive inflight experience - larger bins, more personal space and the latest generation inflight entertainment system, wifi connectivity in all classes, besides being the quietest cabin in its category!
This new generation aircraft is versatile and can efficiently serve markets on sectors from as short as 30 minutes, to over 15 hours flying time – making it a true long-range capable aircraft.
We now take you through our two Airbus A330-900neo aircraft, called ‘Aapravasi Ghat’ and ‘Chagos Archipelago’ as a tribute to Mauritius’ historic heritage.Aapravasi Ghat
This aircraft is named Aapravasi Ghat in reference to Mauritius’ history. A UNESCO World Heritage site located in the district of Port Louis, Aapravasi Ghat is a vast 1,640 m2 site where the modern indentured labour diaspora began. In 1834, the British Government selected this area to play out the great experiment of ‘free’ labour.
Inspired by the island’s history in developing the sugar industry, our first A330neo is expected to pioneer Air Mauritius into a new threshold of efficiency and flexibility.Chagos Archipelago
Our new A330-900neo aircraft pays tribute to the struggle of the Chagossian community in their pursuit to regain sovereignty over the Chagos Archipelago, which refers to a group of seven atolls comprising more than 60 individual tropical islands in the Indian Ocean.Aircraft Seating Plan
Are you sure that you want to delete nominee?
We use cookies to enhance your user experience.
By continuing to use airmauritius.com, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Thank you for signing up!
- a.
- b.
- c.Cozied up at a country house near Granville, Ohio, my family ushered in the new year watching Robert Zemeckis’ Back to the Future II.
This movie was a blast from the past. Released in 1989, I was a 15 year old skateboard punk when the film came out, and I distinctly recall conversations with friends about the (im)possibilities of the “hoverboard” – a wheel-less skateboard that floats on air (one of my friends claimed to have ridden one). In the second movie in the series, Doc Brown and Marty McFly travel 30 years into the strange future of 2015 with flying cars, hoverboards, automatic shoelaces, video conferencing, drones, accurate weather forecasts, and biometric scanners. This visit to 2015 causes a disruption of the space time continuum when the antagonist Biff Tannen borrows the time machine, visits his youthful self in 1955, and creates a new dystopian past and present (which alters the future 2015, of course), which resolves itself ultimately in the year 1885. No doubt Back to the Future II will be a hit this year: there are already a number of stories and videos like this one from the Washington Post, which compare the 2015 depicted in the film with the 2015 of our day.
Some of the stories of Corinthian Archaeology in 2014 remind me a bit of the strange world that the 1985 Marty McFly encounters when he travels 30 years into the future. There’s a kind of improbable, unexpected, or futuristic ring to them from the perspective of classical archaeology practiced a generation ago. How many archaeologists working in the Corinthia in, say, 1984, imagined that the following news stories would comprise the major archaeological events of 2014? If our time traveling archaeologist of 1984 had visited the year 2014 and stolen some tools and returned to the past, imagine the mayhem this would have created for the space time continuum.
Since it’s that time of year to compile lists of the greatest archaeological finds of 2014 (see, for example, this one from ASOR and this one from Archaeology magazine), it seemed fitting for Corinthian Matters to publish a ranking of the top ten unexpected stories of 2014. None of the stories below focus on new archaeological discoveries of 2014, which will not appear in journals anyway for at least several years, and none focus on new scholarship that made a splash last year, although your friends at Corinthian Matters are busily updating the Zotero library as we speak and will unleash a slew of new articles and books in the next couple of weeks. The stories below, rather, relate to the archaeological practice of Mediterranean archaeology, and are ranked not by their overall intellectual ramifications or importance per se – although many of them have already had an impact on archaeological knowledge – but according to their shock value – the “Great Scott!” of Doc Brown – from the vantage point of the past. Focusing on archaeological practice, I have had to exclude some pretty awesome stories like daredevil Red Bull pilot Peter Beneyei flying through the Corinth Canal twirling and whirling and plunging and looping. All the same, the ranking in its own way provides some view of the shifting landscape of archaeological practice today, especially as technology has crept into archaeological craft. Now I respect that you might arrange this list in a different order, or might substitute one story for another but here’s the AUTHORITATIVE list of Corinthian archaeology stories (where “Corinthian archaeology” is archaeology that has something to do wi5h the Corinthia).
10. Zigzag Art Discovered in the Panayia Field in Corinth
This story was certainly unexpected. It was one of the most widely circulated but least significant stories of the year which has to be included because it hit so many archaeological channels. The short piece from Live Science highlighted “Zigzag Art” on Geometric vessels from a sarcophagus of Corinth dating to the early 8th century BC. Zigzags are great, but are not overly impressive on Geometric vases (zigzags carved by early humans on 500,000 year old shells, on the other hand, are pretty cool). The author missed the major story – outlined in this recent report in Hesperia – about the early technological achievements of the Corinthian population. Still, the Panayia field excavations got some fine media attention. That the archaeological work reported in the Hesperia article and news piece was carried out a decade ago shows how long it can take for archaeological knowledge to reach the public and why it’s hard to put together a top ten list of discoveries of Corinthian archaeology in 2014. We may not know for many more years the full significance of what archaeologists documented last year.
9. The World’s Largest Solar Boat Arrives in Corinth
This one also I didn’t see coming, but like the zigzags, got a lot of press. In July, the world’s largest solar-powered boat, “Tûranor PlanetSolar,” visited the port of New Corinth for several days and then sailed through the Canal. Operated by researchers from the Swiss School of Archaeology and the Greek Ministry of Culture, the catamaran was on an archaeological enterprise to the Argolid to conduct an underwater survey in search of a putative prehistoric settlement near Franchthi Cave. The boat was equipped with geophysical survey equipment that would map the seabed. The scale of the solar ship, as well as the technology employed for underwater survey, make this story worthy of report even though the archaeological work fell well outside the realm of the Corinthia. I never did hear what they discovered. See also coverage at this site.
8. Good Luck for the Eutychia Mosaic at Corinth
In August, the ASCSA announced plans to restore the Eutychia mosaic through a generous donation. The organization provided this update in October. The restoration of a mosaic is not improbable per se from the vantage point of 1984 (conservation work was taking place at the great monochrome mosaic at Isthmia in the 1980s), but was nonetheless unexpected, and deserves to make the list given its significance for Corinthian archaeology and the publicity of the process (see no. 2 below). The Eutychia mosaic was originally uncovered in excavations of the South Stoa in the 1930s and has in recent decades been enclosed in a dark room off limits to visitors in the southeastern corner of the forum in Corinth. It’s that mosaic you can never really make out when you peer through the fence surrounding it. Since Broneer’s excavation, the mosaic has been interpreted as part of the office of agonothetes: the mosaic show a victorious athlete with a goddess holding a shield inscribed with eutychia, or “Good Luck.” It’s great that Betsey Robinson’s recent article in Hesperia publicized the need for restoration work, and also cool that that the work was recorded with video and publically released in tandem with the conservation.
7. Western Argolid Regional Archaeological Project Begins
As a landscape archaeologist, it’s inevitable that at least one survey project would make this list. Several friends and collaborators from the Pyla-Koutsopetria Archaeological Project and the Eastern Korinthia Archaeological Survey teamed up to launch a new distributional survey in the western Argolid with an acronym – WARP – that competes with any survey project of Greece and Cyprus. I had the good fortune of visiting this beautiful survey territory, the Inachos Valley, in the opening days of the project. Now, this isn’t the Corinthia per se, but the team contained so many Corinthian archaeologists that it seemed right to include the project in the rankings. Plus the project came on strong in the blogsophere with committed bloggers like Bill Caraher and Dimitri Nakassis pumping out interesting social media on a daily basis. The idea of a survey is not that unexpected of course from 1984, when some of the major surveys of Greece were fully in motion. Nonetheless, WARP gives us an example of an efficiently run hyper-intensive survey. As their abstract for a conference paper describes their work, the project surveyed some 5.5 sq km using very intensive distributional survey methods in a single season – greater coverage, that is, than the 4 sq km covered by the Eastern Korinthia Survey over three seasons (although EKAS was beleaguered by permit problems). If WARP is this efficient over the next two seasons, the project may end up one of the most efficient, intensive surveys projects carried out in Greek lands.
6. American School Launches New Maps and Spatial Data
It’s hard to know whether our classical archaeologist of 1984 would have imagined how important the GIS revolution would be for archaeologists of the future. The concept and technology for geographic information systems was established by the mid-1980s but commercial GIS software did not become widely available until the 1990s. Today archaeologists cannot live without it. In September, the ASCSA announced the dedication of a page populated with free GIS data, which continues to grow into a one-stop shop for free downloadable files related to Greece and the Peloponnese: digital elevation models, roads and cities, topographic contours, and ready made maps. I got to tour a beta version of this page in late August and had planned to blog the news release but the arrival of a little baby boy in early September changed that. This news certainly deserves a place on the list since it makes a major contribution to many different engagements on Corinthian archaeology. I will soon update the maps section of this site to point to this site.
5. The Lechaion Harbour Project Launches
One of the most exciting stories of the year was the launching of the Lechaion Harbour Project (LHP), a Danish-Greek enterprise designed (according to the project’s Facebook page) “to digitally survey, excavate, study, and publish the submerged archaeological remains of Corinth’s main harbor town Lechaion.” Some of the news outlets wrongly reported that Lechaion’s harbor had been discovered (it had never fully been lost). The real story was the use of such sophisticated equipment to map the underwater remains at Lechaion and – this is important – a systematic archaeological study of the harborworks. The project released a series of updates and mini-reports via its Facebook page about the process of an underwater digital survey through the use of dredges and a “3D parametric sub-bottom profiler” (sounds futuristic?). See this brief report from Archaeology magazine, this longer one from The Greek Reporter, and the original press release.
4. Michigan State University Wins NEH grant for Archaeological Resource Cataloging System
This story didn’t circulate as widely as I expected it would, but when the news release comes from was the prestigious National Endowment for the Humanities, you know it’s big. Dr. Jon Frey of Michigan State University was awarded a Digital Humanities Implementation grant on the order of $324,586 to develop and expand a tool called Archaeological Resource Cataloging System (ARCS) for digitizing the excavation notebooks at Isthmia, Nemea, Tauric Chersonesos, and Polis (Cyprus). ARCS is an open-source application for preserving and interacting with excavation notebooks and other field documents. This is a boon not only to Corinthian archaeology but also for smaller archaeological projects that are trying to record and preserve data on limited budgets. It’s also unexpected from our vantage year 1984. For a review of grant awarded, see this post, and Dr. Frey’s comments here.
3. The American School Launches its Virtual Field Trip App to Corinth
After a fifty year hiatus in publishing edition after revised edition of the official guidebook to Corinth and its museum, the American School of Classical Studies at Athens announced the imminent publication (now in production) of a seventh edition of Ancient Corinth: A Guide to the Site and Museum, plus – and here’s the kicker – a now available digital tour of Ancient Corinth via the Field Trip app available for iPhones and Androids. As I wrote in my review of the product, the Field Trip app enhances and greatly changes the user’s experience of Corinth. Visitors to the site who make use of the app can jump in and out of tour from anywhere on site (freeing them from the linear tour of the old guidebooks) and – really cool – anyone anywhere in the world can “tour” Corinth. This kind of public and digital archaeology product deserves a high rank not only for being unexpected a generation ago but also for making a major contribution to the study of ancient Corinth.
****************************************************************************
Now, ranking two most unexpected stories of 2014 was a tossup. It could have gone either way, but this is, I think, the right order, if you accept that the last one qualifies.
2. Corinthian Archaeologists Record Excavations of Frankish Quarter with Google Glass
This one knocked my socks off. In April the ASCSA announced that it was conducting its excavations of the Frankish quarter in Corinth using Google Glass. The excavations of the Frankish quarter marked their own interesting story, but were not surprising in their own right (excavations of the Frankish quarter began at Corinth in the late 80s). Yet the futuristic wearable technology in recording contexts (image left) takes the ASCSA Back to the Future (image right). Not sure that Google Glass will be the wave of the future, but this clearly marked one of the year’s most unexpected stories that expands upon a range of new directions in digital recording systems. As the ASCSA’s final news release describes the experience, “For our purposes, the students used Glass to create an interesting series of FPV (first person view) videos summarizing their excavations at regular intervals. This not only challenged them to present their excavations in a different medium but also forced them to question different audiences and how video might supplement the existing excavation record.” And my favorite quote: “Some [students] also found talking to their glasses disconcerting.”
Some of these FPV videos are available on Google Plus:
- Video of recording the excavation of a grave (4 min ) in excavating a grave:
- Video of the cataloguing of glass beakers of Frankish date
- Videos from the Conservation Lab here (in Greek) and here (in English)
- Videos of the conservation work on the Eutychia mosaic
This story certainly would have been number one unexpected story of the year had it not been for an even more bizarre story that narrowly edged it out.
1. Corinthian Archaeologists Excavate Atari Burial Ground in Alamogordo, New Mexico (and launch Punk Archaeology)
I really have few words for the winner. It was truly and completely unexpected. Even if our hypothetical archaeologist in 1984 had predicted all of the above, she/he could never have predicted that a group of archaeologists who had spent so much of their careers working in Greece would have been part of an excavation of a landfill in New Mexico to dig up the dump of the worst video game of all time, the 1983 Atari flop, E.T. New Mexico is a long way from the Corinthia, but three members of the archaeological team – Andrew Reinhard, Richard Rothaus, and Bill Caraher – were trained in Corinthian archaeology through ASCSA projects, published on Corinthian materials (in the case of Rothaus and Caraher), and (in the case of Reinhard) oversaw ASCSA publications. Some may disqualify this piece from Corinthian archaeology, but using the logic of association (see no. number 7 above), I think it deserves its place in the ranking. The story appeared in the major news outlets like Archaeology Magazine and CNN, and exploded in the blogosphere, so that even the ASCSA promoted (and has continued to promote) the story on its website. Two fun articles on this Atari dig include this one in Harper’s Magazine about the new punk archaeologists, and this one in The Atlantic by the punk archaeologists. This is not mainstream classical archaeology by any means, but rather “punk archaeology” – whatever that phrase means. Like the other stories outlined above, the run of the punk archaeologists in a New Mexico landfill offers another telling example of the unpredictable practice of archaeology today.
Reblogged this on Cryptotheology and commented:
See this awesome roundup from Corinthian Matters, complete with references to Back to the Future II…Swissotel Hotels & Resorts to open Swissotel Goa
January 11, 2013: Swissôtel Hotels & Resorts is all set to complement its global portfolio with an additional deluxe hotel in Goa. First guests are anticipated to be welcomed in the first quarter 2013.
The Swissôtel Goa is located in the town of Calangute, one of the most popular tourist destinations in North Goa, and within an hour’s drive from Goa’s international airport. The 135 guestrooms and suites are designed and proportioned among eight three level buildings, which are set within a tropical garden featuring idyllic lily ponds and a courtyard pool area.
An all-day dining restaurant, pool bar, cafe, fitness centre, adult and children’s pools, children’s club, as well as conference and banquet facilities are available. The hotel will also have an exclusive beach club. Designed by Malaysian Architects Chong Chee Ching and Greg Dall, the resort is complimented by numerous works by Indian artist Krishna Mehta, which present modern and colourful design highlights.
Post your commentJune 2010 I graduated from University of Denver with my MBA and undergrad both completed with a student loan bill topping $41,000. Ouch. I made a few bigger payments towards my debt as I interviewed and started my first big boy job. Then in August 2011 I was reading Rory Vaden’s blog and got introduced to Dave Ramsey. I read Dave’s book The Total Money Makeover and learned about his philosophies like dumping debt, living on a budget, and not trying to keep up with the Jones’. And when I say I read his book, I mean I drank the Dave Ramsey kool-aid.
I tackled over $32,000 worth of loans in 11 months and finally became debt free in August 2012! And today I stand grateful and changed because of the lessons learned during my debt snowball. As a single 20-something with a good job and no one to take care of but myself, I easily could have made minimum payments or not worried about a meager 3% interest rate. Instead I immediately laid out all my loans, made a strict monthly budget and created a game plan. Anything beyond my normal rent, food, gas, entertainment would go directly to my debts. I trimmed frivolous expenses like going out too much, vacations with friends and avoided a car payment or any other financing. I packed my lunch every day with two PB&Js(extra crunchy, duh!), an apple, and a protein bar. I learned how to say ‘No’ to things like dinner and drinks every weekend night or a nice car or new clothes. Working in sales, I put in extra calls, went in on Sunday nights and got better at my job each week. (Or what my friend Shane Weathers might call ‘Hustlenomics’). Every month that I made progress and my snowball rolled, my intensity increased by focusing on the ‘controllables’ – my attitude, my income, and my expenses. When the last payment posted and Sallie Mae showed zeroes across the board, I felt like this:
Years ago I learned that ‘successful people form the habit of doing things that unsuccessful people don’t like to do.’ For some reason I never looked through this lense much with my personal finances. By the end of the 11 months, however, certain habits I learned at 25 will be ingrained for the rest of my life. I formed the habit of having a monthly budget where every dollar is assigned on paper, on purpose. I formed the habit of looking for ways to reduce expenses. I formed the habit of becoming a student of personal finance as it relates to insurance, home buying, investing and entertainment. I formed the habit of contentment and not keeping up with the Jones’. I formed the habit of connecting the things I want in life for myself and others with a financial road map. I formed the habit of paying cash or simply saying no. As Dave Ramsey would say, ‘building wealth is 80% behavior and 20% head knowledge.’
I’ll never forget the summer evening I sat out on the gorgeous patio at Lindey’s to toast champagne and celebrate. I remain grateful for the experience and I am indebted to my former debts. I know those lessons will allow me to have a sense of financial peace in the future when the day comes I get married or start a family or retire. Thank you, Rory. Thank you, Dave.
I could have written 20 pages about this topic, but I’ll spare you and I appreciate you reading. I hope you’ve learned something! I’d love to hear your thoughts or comments about your own experience with student loans or personal finance as a young professional. Tune in next week when I do my own version of ‘Things Oprah Likes.’What Types of Work Does the Party Wall etc Act 1996 Cover?
The Party Wall etc Act 1996 controls 3 certain types of building and construction work as well as covers all buildings within England and Wales:
Party Wall notice remains in the form of a Party Wall Notice served by the homeowner carrying out the construction works and offers the adjoining proprietor the lawful right to pick among three Party Wall Notice feedbacks:
Consenting to the building and construction works implies that the neighbouring proprietor does not want any of the Party Wall Evaluating procedures executed. The homeowner carrying out the building works will certainly then be free to begin their job.
Dissenting to the Party Wall Notice will certainly suggest that the neighbouring owner selects a Party Wall Surveyor to represent their passions. The Party Wall Surveyor will take a look at the construction works from the perspective of the neighbouring owner's residential or commercial property making sure the risk is as low as it can be.
This coincides as reaction option two, the only difference being that a person Party Wall Surveyor acts collectively on behalf of both corresponding proprietors, the property owner taking on the neighbouring as well as the building and construction proprietor.
Irrespective of the neighbouring owner's Party Wall Notice feedback, the homeowner carrying out the building works will certainly be accountable for any type of costs, expenditure or fees connected with the Party Wall Checking Treatments.
Blog Post Party Wall Notice Service as well as once the neighbouring proprietor has actually reacted with a Party Wall Notice Dissent, the Party Wall Evaluating Treatments will certainly consist of:
The Party Wall Surveyor will evaluate the property owner's construction functions from the point of view of the neighbouring proprietor's residential property. The testimonial will consist of, but is not restricted to:
Throughout the Schedule of Condition Examination, the Party Wall Surveyor will certainly suit themselves with the lay of the land as well as make certain that they've taken all aspects of the property owner's building and construction jobs as well as run the risk of into account.
They will certainly after that continue to videotape and document the full problem of the neighbouring proprietor's property, ensuring they have a clear and complete document in place pre-construction jobs. This record will certainly form part of the Party Wall Honor as well as supply the neighbouring proprietor with lawful security in case of problem or damages.
Once the Party Wall Surveyor has actually taken on complete review of the homeowner's building works and also taken into consideration all threat as well as procedural aspects of the work, he or she will certainly after that move onto the arrangement of the Party Wall Honor.
The Party Wall Award governs the property owner's construction jobs. Common provisions and additions to the Honor consist of:
When compared to an adjoining owner's usual law legal rights, a Party Wall Honor has the legal advantage of being more safety in terms of timing and cost.
Once the Party Wall Honor is concurred and also served, the homeowner embarking on the building and construction jobs will certainly be complimentary to progress the work with website, based on sticking to the Party Wall Honor requirements.
Message Building Job, the Party Wall Surveyor will undertake a further evaluation and go to of the neighbouring proprietor's home.
The evaluation will allow the Party Wall Surveyor to check off the original Arrange of Problem Evaluation & Report evaluating if there has actually been any adjustment to the problem, or damage resulting from the building and construction functions.
If there has been problem or damage, the Party Wall Surveyor will certainly after that deal with the damages and ensure it is fixed by the professional, or make certain the neighbouring proprietor is made up for the repair work costs as well as loss.
Agreements | Disputes | Resolution
Party Walls generally separate structures coming from various owners yet can consist of garden walls developed astride a boundary - called party fence walls.
Because the Party Wall Act 1996 was presented, property owners in England and Wales have had a treatment to adhere to when building work entails a party wall or party fencing wall, some excavations near to adjoining buildings, and also new walls at limits.
One of those treatments is to serve notice to your neighbors. You serve notice to your neighbor by writing to them, including your get in touch with information and outline description of the works to be done, drawings, accessibility requirements, as well as the recommended date that the job will certainly start.
The short answer is indeed; your neighbours are within their civil liberties to refuse granting works. This does not mean that works will certainly be disallowed.
If they disagree due to the fact that they do not wish to bear with the sound and also the inconvenience of the job, for example, after that this is not a sufficient reason.
Obviously, there may be other reasons that your neighbor could disagree, yet the surveyor will certainly have the last word on whether the job will certainly start or not.
When the job will certainly be lugged out and who will pay for it, the surveyor will certainly draw up the Party Wall Award detailing precisely how and also. The Award sets out your rights under the Act, which permits owners to dig deep into and/or develop walls on their land and also cut into their side of the party wall (based on intending consent as well as building control). Appropriately, no building proprietor can be rejected to accomplish the abovementioned deal with their very own land.
For cutting into the party wall, you have to offer your neighbours 2 months' created notice. For building a wall and/or excavating, you need just provide your neighbours 1 months' notice. When the notice has been served, you have up to year to perform the job.
As soon as you've notified, your neighbour can:
Your neighbor needs to let you recognize in composing within 14 days if they consent to your notice, and you need to do the exact same with any counter-notice. A counter-notice has to be offered within a month of the very first notice.
If your neighbour does not react within 14 days, they are deemed to have actually dissented as well as a surveyor will require to be appointed. No surveyors require to be designated as well as a party wall contract does not need to be drawn up if the jobs are consented to.
Having your neighbor's permission from the start will aid things continue efficiently without added tension or fear, so putting in the time to develop a good connection with your neighbor will be well worth the moment invested.
Constructing this connection as soon as you initially start assuming about your restoration job is the ideal technique if you don't currently know your neighbour as well as have a connection with them. Ideally, you intend to be on great terms when you tell them your plans.
Your neighbor will certainly experience some level of disruption, whether it's sound or a mess, so it' might be wiseto keep them in the loop and make them really feel associated with the job.
When a Party Wall Notice is served, your neighbor has 2 week to react to that Notice. If 14 days pass and there still isn't a reaction from the neighbour, the parties are deemed to have actually dissented and also surveyors need to be designated. An additional Notice is after that offered, which gives the neighbour 10 days to designate a surveyor of their choosing, or one will be appointed for them.
If the neighbor still hasn't reacted after the offering of the 14-day Party Wall Notice and also the offering of the 10-day notice under Section 10( 4 ), the Building Proprietor's Surveyor will then select a Surveyor on behalf of the non-responsive neighbour, allowing the Party Wall matter to progress.
Remember; it's essential to make sure all notifications are valid and exact before the visit of a Surveyor can be made under Area 10( 4 ).
Allowing a visit to be made in behalf of the neighbour ensures that the process moves forward sensibly while additionally ensuring the non-responsive neighbour's legal rights are fully shielded.
Even if you have actually designated a Party Wall Surveyor for your neighbour, it does not imply that accessibility to take an Arrange of Problem is possible.
The Party Wall Surveyor may need to make a "blind" party wall award due to the fact that there is no easy accessibility into your neighbour's residential property to take the routine.
You have to not think that since you have not spoken with your neighbors, you can overlook them and just fracture on with your jobs.
Accomplishing structure work to any type of residential or commercial property can have stressful moments, yet making certain you have all the essential things in position, like the Party Wall Contract, can assist avoid any type of added fear or anxiety as well as will with any luck maintain things on the right track for your completion day!
RELATED LINKSAppendices
A: Map: Soil Types
B: Map: Streams
C: Map: Forest Units
D: Map: Roads
E: Birds
F: Mammals
G: Amphibians
Wild Thyme Farm forest harbors various types of wildlife, some resident and some intermittent. Due to the overall lack of knowledge about the habitat needs of present species and the desire of the landowner to enhance them, I feel that SIP funds for wildlife enhancement should be seriously considered.
Resource Description
The following species assessments should be taken with the understanding that no formalized wildlife surveys have been done on the Wild Thyme Farm forest property. Hence they do not claim to be complete or entirely accurate, however they provide a compilation, albeit incomplete, of species who are known on the West side of the Cascade mountain range and whos habitat and forage overlap the habitat types encompassed by the Wild Thyme Farm forest.
Upland Game Birds (Bird Image Guide)
Upland game birds previously sighted consist of Ruffed grouse (Bonasa umbelius) and Wild turkey (Melegris gallopavo). These two species have an inverse relationship: the Ruffed grouse is associated with early successional forests while the Wild turkey has increased in later years as forests, on the landscape level, have increased in late successional characteristics. In the Wild Thyme Farm forest there is little danger at this time of one ousting the other. As the forest matures, however, this should be taken into account in future wildlife assessments (Appendix I, Various Images).
Hawks, Owls, Woodpeckers, or Songbirds
There are a multitude of birds species associated with the Wild Thyme Farm forest habitat type, including hawks, owls, woodpeckers, and songbirds. Some of the following species have been observed, evidence has been found of the presence of others, and other are supposed to be present but not verified.
Hawk-type birds include the Coopers hawk (Accipiter cooperii), the Sharp-shinned hawk (Accipiter striatus), and the Red-tailed hawk (Buteo jamaicensis). The Sharp-shinned hawks presence is questionable but is likely to increase as late successional forest cover develops.
There is prolific evidence of woodpeckers and woodpecker-associated species. These include the Brown creeper (Certhia americana), the Red-breasted nuthatch (Sitta canadensis), the Pileated woodpecker (Dryocorpus pileatus), the Hairy woodpecker (Picoides villosus), and the Red-breasted sapsucker. The Pileated woodpecker is present in large numbers, as evidenced by the multiple borings in snags throughout the property. The Dark-eyed junco (Junco hyemalis) and the Spotted towhee (Pipilo maculatus) are also likely residents (Appendix I, Various Images).
Large Mammals (Mammal Image Guide)
Due to the relatively small size of the Wild Thyme Farm forest, it is likely that the majority of large mammals viewed at this site, with the possible exception of deer, utilize the forest only as a migration route, temporary cover, and occasional forage. Mammals sighted on the property include deer (Odocoileus hemionus), elk (Cervis elaphus), Black bear (Ursus americanus), coyote (Canis latrans), and cougar (Felis concolor) (Appendix I, Various Images).
Small Mammals
Small mammals perform a notable role in the forest ecosystem in that they dually control the populations of smaller species while also serving as a food source to larger mammals. There are a multitude of small mammals in the Wild Thyme Farm forest, including, but not limited to, raccoon (Procyon lotor), Western gray squirrel (Sciurus grisues), Northern flying squirrel (Glaucomys sabrinus), and the American beaver (Castor canadensis). Also observed is an unidentified species of rabbit (Appendix I, Various Images).
Amphibians and Reptiles (Amphibian Image Guide)
Prolific debris on the forest floor and the presence of hydrologic features make amphibians and salamanders a viable wildlife species. Amphibians are often perceived as an indicator of overall environmental health and should be perceived as such in the future. Species include Pacific giant salamander (Dicamptodon tenebrosus), Ensatina (Ensatina eschscholtzi), the Rough-skinned newt (Taricha granulosa), and the Red-legged frog (Rana aurora). Other species who may find suitable habitat in the Wild Thyme Farm Forest but whose presence is not confirmed include the Tailed frog (Ascaphus truei), the Bullfrog (Rana catesbeiana), and the Long toed salamander (Ambystoma macrodactylum)(Appendix I, Various Images).
Enhancement and Protection
Mammals (Mammal Image Guide)
There has been more than adequate enhancement and maintenance of mammal habitat. Patches of cover are retained across the property. Hay and other forage mixed are or soon will be cultivated in the upper meadow as forage. Downed woody debris has been retained in prolific amounts. Closed forest roads serve as travel corridors during the winter, enabling mammals to migrate undisturbed (Image 005). All fencing used on the farm is made of smooth wire and is not prone to cause injury. There are multiple brush piles throughout the property. Care is taken to minimize damage to browse and hardwood trees while thinning.
Management Recommendations
I do not recommend that wildlife management specifically directed towards mammals be pursued in this forest for the following reasons.
Deer do not face significant habitat threats at this time due to their rapid adaptation to suburban settings. Elk, while not prolific, do not face significant threats at this time but population health should be monitored and habitat cultivated if the population becomes threatened. The browse required by deer and elk is already plentiful due to rapid undergrowth regeneration since the ice storm. Most additional browse necessary could be found readily on surrounding forestland. Management for bear, coyote, mountain lion, and bobcat must be perceived in the context of their close proximity to human activity and presence in a forest with educational and recreation objectives. The adverse effects of intentionally managing for these species may outweigh their costs, both economic and otherwise, especially considering their probable presence regardless. However, the scat of these animals can and should be used to assess small mammal presence at Wild Thyme Forest and on surrounding forestland.
The migration of large mammals through this forest will most likely persist, at least for the time being, without direct enhancement efforts. Hence I feel that SIP fund could be better utilized enhancing habitat for other animals.
Birds (Bird Image Guide)
Snags that are particularly viable are left intentionally to provide bird habitat (Image 033) and in areas snags are created (Image 032). Wolf trees are left for the purpos of habitat. There are adequate grasses and clovers in the main farm complex, and their pesticide/herbicide-free status makes them safe for bird consumption. There have been no nest boxes installed yet. Shrubby vegetation has been retained throughout the property. Some trees are left unpruned, many harboring grandiose branching near the base of the trunk. Large live trees are ubiquitously retained. Fruits and nuts are planted in the main farm complex and are encouraged in the forested area.
Management Recommendations
Birds should be seriously considered as a target wildlife enhancement species. This consists of increasing the prevalence of their resource needs, namely cover, water, and food. While cover is adequate at this time it could be enhanced through bird boxes. The procedural aspects of bird box installation should be researched. Water can be incorporated into overall enhancement of the ravines as well as the pond creation program, which could attract migrating species along their routes. Another enhancement practice to be experimented with would be the increase in food source through the cultivation of insect habitat. One option is through bundling downed wood, simulating larger snags, which, when inhabited, can provide increased structural diversity for insect species. This however should be pursued with caution, as aggrandized insect populations can have adverse effective on live foliage. Other methods for this should be researched.
A bird survey could be performed if economically feasible, as it would be beneficial to the landowner for management and personal reasons.
Amphibians and Reptiles (Amphibian Image Guide)
There is sufficient downed woody debris to provide amphibian and reptile habitat (Image 034). There are multiple brush piles across the property (Image 048). There are no talus slopes around which to retain a forested buffer, and rock piles would not be advised as there is no naturally occurring rock on the property. The pond creation practice is ongoing. The vegetation around streams and headwaters is being actively restored.
Management Recommendations
Amphibian and reptile population should be targeted for enhancement through SIP funds and contextualized within overall riparian restoration. The bundling of woody debris, namely downed alder, could dramatically increase amphibian and reptile habitat (Image 001). Other methods of habitat creation should be researched.
As with the various bird species, there has been no amphibian survey done, and it would be beneficial to perform one when it becomes viable.Source: PR Times
Harajuku’s Kawaii Monster Cafe Celebrate New Year with Crazy Cute Food and DJ Hello Kitty Set
- Kawaii Monster Cafe / New Year
Related Article
Kawaii Monster Cafe’s Halloween Menu Features Western “Monster Celebrities” Vampire, Frankenstein and Werewolf
Kawaii Monster Cafe x TY Beanie Babies Ultimate Winter Season Mash Up Party
Say “Goodbye 2020, Hello 2021” with the Disney Japan New Year Collection
Shiba Inu Breaks Out Spider-Man Moves So He Can See His Best Buddy
Group Of Monkeys Gathered To Write Their Name In Japanese Katakana
Garrett Popcorn Japan Debut Matcha Truffle Caramel Crisp Flavour as Gourmet New Year Snack
A mainstay of Harajuku, not many places can so encapsulate the area’s adorable but warped fashion scene as well as the Kawaii Monster Cafe.
The surreal eatery’s brand of psychedelic cute looks straight out of a Kyary Pamyu Pamyu video. If anything, it’s even more chaotic. Every so often they’ll apply these sensibilities to a limited time only menu to reflect the current season or holiday. We’ve seen their take on spring, Halloween and even Christmas, but now it’s time to start looking to the New Year.
The eye-catching seasonal menu includes traditional Japanese motifs to celebrate the New Year, but with Kawaii Monster Cafe’s own colourful twist.
Since 2020 is the year of the rat, there’s a few rodent themed treats let loose in the restaurant.
For one, the cafe’s mascot Mr Choppy has been reborn as a bright purple mouse for this ‘Colourful Pop Burger’ (2600 yen). Customers can choose from either meat or fish for their burger patty.
The Fujiyama Volcano Curry (2700 yen) depicts a red Mount Fuji, as seen on the first sunrise of the year.
Red and white are the traditional celebration colours of New Year in Japan, so this ‘Colourful Udon’ (2400 yen) has been imbibed with these lucky hues. It wouldn’t be a Kawaii Monster Cafe dish if it wasn’t outrageously colourful, so some rainbow mochi is also included with delicious tempura.
Another rodent reference, in Japanese hedgehogs are called ‘harinezumi’ (literally needle-mouse), so here are some colourful hedgehog desserts. You can choose from either pink or blue, and both are enjoying their New Year with red and white decorations and even a daruma cookie.
The Kawaii Monster Cafe are not only rolling out these striking themed foods, but also getting down for a New Years Eve countdown event starring none other than DJ Hello Kitty and other special guests. What’s more kawaii than that?
Even in this surreal environment, there’s traditional Japanese New Year activities like mochi making and a wooden sake barrel ceremony.
This adults only, all night party is reservation only, so hurry up if you want to secure your place!
The New Year menu is going on from 26th December to 5th January 2020, and the cafe’s opening hours are a bit different around the holiday season, so make sure you check in advance if you’re planning on chowing down on some kawaii psychedelia. All the information is available on the Kawaii Monster Cafe website in both Japanese and English.@bengrider610800
Perfil
Registrado: hace 2 meses
How To Pick Lottery Numbers That Win
Most lotto players do not know learn how to pick lottery numbers that win because they imagine its sheer luck picking random numbers, birthdays, anniversaries, holidays or quick pick. The odds are so high using these methods that it's uncommon anybody would hit the jackpot this way.
The typical lotto player picks numbers and mixtures that by no means come up, so while you be taught to keep away from this way of enjoying you may enhance your possibilities of winning. There are people who have spent a fortune on quick pick tickets just to get some free tickets which will never be winners.
Knowing the 5 strategies to win the lottery takes less tickets compared to random number picks.
1- Eradicate the bad numbers-It is not possible to get rid of all the bad numbers, but when you do your housework and research the patterns of the past twelve to fifteen drawings of the game you need to play, you'll be able to cut 80% of bad numbers that never come up. Type your game in the search engine and pull up the previous winning combinations. Make a chart in a spread sheet or on paper and make an X for every number that was drawn over the previous a number of weeks. When you're finished you may see a novel pattern of the hot numbers. (ones that have come up usually)
2- Balance the mixtures-There are millions of mixtures that people use comparable to, 12-thirteen-14-15-19-21 that never come up or all high numbers corresponding to 33-35-38-39-40-41. When you stop utilizing mixtures corresponding to these, your odds will improve. Also, using all odd or all even numbers hardly ever hit making your possibilities slim. Using triples is a disadvantage because they seldom hit, however a mixture with doubles is nice as they arrive up quite often.
three- Hot numbers versus cold numbers-A hot number is on a successful streak, for those who look at the profitable mixtures for the past a number of draws you may discover sure numbers have hit in most drawings. Those are the nice ones to play and the cold numbers which have not come up are bad numbers, however they are due to come up. The problem enjoying them is you don't know which ones are due so it's best not to play them unless you see from fifteen drawings ago, among the cold numbers had been hitting quite often.
4- Using a system that wins-There is a way to get multiple winning tickets through the use of a system to balance out your combinations. So you should choose a particular set of numbers resembling twelve in a group. These are the only twelve numbers you may play in your tickets and you should know the way to wheel the numbers so if four or five numbers come up out of your particular set of numbers, you may have a number of successful tickets.
5- Taking part in the same set of numbers -You have to stick to the same set of twelve numbers for each drawing because they will ultimately come up. If you mark your tickets, use the same ones until you hit the jackpot. There are individuals who have modified them and their original numbers came up. Additionally, set a budget and stick to it and play consistently. In case you plan on playing as soon as a week be sure you do that. There have been players who missed a week and their numbers came up. One guy missed and had all of the numbers for a jackpot winning.
If you happen to discover ways to pick lottery numbers that win by following these 5 strategies, you will start seeing a number of profitable tickets.
Here's more information in regards to สมัคร lottovip stop by our own web site.
Web:
Foros
Debates iniciados: 0
Respuestas creadas: 0
Perfil del foro: Participanteand Build start.exe and wxstart.exe
We Will Start from Installing Required Software and Perl packages:
1) Install:
Note: About "Microsoft Windows SDK / Platform SDK" I still Donno. May-be It's better to just use "GCC MingW".Note: About "Microsoft Windows SDK / Platform SDK" I still Donno. May-be It's better to just use "GCC MingW".ActiveState Perl 5.10
ActiveState PDK 9.0 (Optional)
GCC MingW 5.1
Python 2.7
Microsoft Windows SDK / Platform SDK
2) Installing Wx (Optional if you want to do #3.1):
Note: On Some Cases, hand compiling of "Wx" fails. So I better suggest to use wxperl PPM packages.Note: On Some Cases, hand compiling of "Wx" fails. So I better suggest to use wxperl PPM packages.Run PPM.
From the application menu under Edit -> Preferences, add a new repository using the URL
If you have a recent ActivePerl installation on Windows, this repository will already be available in the dropdown list of repositories.
You can display the source repository for PPMs in the Perl Package Manager GUI via the menu selection View->View Columns->Repo.
Choose to install from wxperl repository:
Wx
Wx::Demo
Wx::TreeListCtrl
Wx::GLCanvas
Wx::Perl::Packager
3) Other CPAN packages:
4) Wx CPAN packages (optional):4) Wx CPAN packages (optional):1) Compile and Install some needed CPAN packages:
cpan
cpan> install UNIVERSAL::require
cpan> install ExtUtils::XSpp
cpan> install IO::Scalar
cpan> install List::Util
cpan> install File::Path
cpan> install File::Slurp
cpan> install File::chdir
cpan> install Text::Balanced
cpan> install Digest::MD5
cpan> install OpenGL
5) 'Coro' (optional):5) 'Coro' (optional):1) Compile and Install some needed CPAN packages:
cpan
cpan> force install Alien::wxWidgets
cpan> force install Wx
cpan> force install Wx::GLCanvas
cpan> force install Wx::TreeListCtrl
cpan> force install Wx::Demo
cpan> force install Wx::Perl::Packager
Note: Thees is better done by hands.Note: Thees is better done by hands.TODO....A group of Linguists and Brand Equity analysts have determined after conducting an extensive survey, that Microsoft could increase its search market share in the Mature user Populations by changing the name of its search engine, from “Bing”, to “Bingle”. The lead scientist on the project, Dr. Moshe ben-Maimon, of the University of Tel Aviv, says that, “the older populations are more prone to trust two syllable on-line brands that end in “…le”.
The Japanese researchers contributing to the project concur with a set of targeted cultural adjustment for Asian demographics.
MIcrosoft should change Bing to BIngle. The Nice young lady, that social networking researcher who cries at conferences…..declined to comment for this report. Danah Boyd, that’s it, she has never written anything on this phenomenon.1 Vindicate me, LORD,
for I have led a blameless life;
I have trusted in the LORD
and have not faltered.
This psalm is about living in the real world. The psalmist certainly would not claim sinless perfection. But in a certain way, or regarding some issue, they lived blamelessly in their limited sense. And the prayer for vindication, or God’s defense and approval of them, that such would be made known to all, seems indeed a legitimate prayer.
The problem with us is that we often want to vindicate ourselves. We want to prove to others that we are in the right, or that a certain character evaluation of us is unfair, or untrue. We do well to leave all of that in God’s hands, and to go our way, seeking to live in God’s good will in Jesus.
In the end it is Jesus who is vindicated, and all who are in him. We end up in this together. There is no competition. But during this difficult time in which our view is often hazy, and in which we know in part, as well as often struggle against sin, we need in God’s grace and working to see God’s hand at work, to see the good from God in each other. The beginning of vindication which is actually even now a gift in God’s grace in Jesus. Our only true vindication is found in him, though there may be gracious provisions of that along the way for humanity. God is a good Judge. And we can entrust ourselves completely to him in and through Jesus.We can begin to prepare our hearts by studying and meditating on God’s Word. On Sunday November 28th, Pastor Bulut Yasar will continue his series from the Gospel of John. Please read the text in advance with your family and pray for the ministry of the Word.
LADIES EVENING BIBLE STUDY: we will be meeting every Tuesday evening from 7:00-9:00 p.m. in the church library. We will be starting a new study on 2 Peter using the study method outlined in Women of the Word by Jen Wilkin. The passage this week is 2 Peter 1:1-4. All women are welcome to attend even if they have not read Wilkin’s book. Please contact Ayrian Yasar for details.
NEW MINISTRY: PARENTS NIGHT OUT- This ministry serves young families in the church by providing free childcare at the church one Friday evening a month (the third Fri-day). There are always two adults present and additional teen helpers. Children up to age 11 participate (including nursery age kids); older ones can come with siblings and be helpers. Children should eat dinner before attending. In addition to giving parents an evening, children build relationships with other children.
UPDATE YOUR DIRECTORY INFORMATION– Now is a great time to submit, edit and verify your personal information in our church directory. You can update contact numbers and photos directly from the church website. If you need help with login or updating, please contact Debbie Davis at jr.debbie.davis@gmail.com.
ONLINE GIVING OPTION– We’ve added an easy online giving “button” to the “Donate” page of the Covenant website. In partnership with the well-respected Tithe.ly platform, we can accept almost “instant” payments. Of course, you’re still welcome to mail your tithes and offerings or use your own bank’s online bill-pay option.
NEW HORIZONS SUBSCRIPTION-We’d like for all of our members to receive the official publication of the OPC, New Horizons Magazine. If you’re not currently on the mailing list, please email Brett Caruso at bcaruso@covenant-opchurch.org.2020 Olympic football is in full swing, with Africa’s quartet enjoying mixed fortunes during the first two gameweeks across the men and women’s competitions.
These footballers will know that they are walking in the footsteps of giants, and aiming to emulate one of the greatest national sides in the history of African football.
In 1996, in Atlanta, Nigeria became the first African team to win Olympic gold in the football competition—and indeed, there has never been—before or since—a side from the continent who have surpassed this triumph in a major men’s competition.
The Eagles’ performance in the United States will live forever in the memories of those who experienced it, not least because of those vibrant triumphs against Brazil and Argentina in the semi-final and final.
Names like Jay-Jay Okocha, Nwankwo Kanu and Celestine Babayaro will forever be remembered among Nigeria’s all-time greats, and their exploits will indelibly be emblazoned in the minds of those who witnessed their feats.
This week on Goal, we are delighted to speak with one of the legends of that side—the great Garba Lawal—as he sits down with Shina Oludare to discuss his memories of that remarkable triumph in Atlanta.
Lawal remembers the inspirational advice of Jo Bonfrere, the big performances among his teammates, and those unforgettable clashes with Brazil and Argentina.
It’s a walk down memory lane, and a beautiful tribute to an iconic team by a man who was at the heart of that glorious success.
The versatile Lawal featured in every one of Nigeria’s matches at the tournament—as the Eagles marched to the gold—and subsequently sealed a move to Roda JC on the back of that triumph.
Having previously played for Julius Berger in his homeland and Tunisian giants Esperance, Lawal went on to taste life in Bulgaria, Sweden, Portugal, Greece and China.
He eventually returned to Nigeria 12 years after he’d left, again representing Julius Berger before wrapping up his career after a stint with Lobi Stars.
The gold-medal winner amassed over a half-century of caps for Nigeria between 1997 and 2006, representing the Eagles at the World Cups of 1998 and 2002.
He was also part of the Nigeria side that reached at least the semi-finals of four Africa Cup of Nations tournaments, although they would never again quite recreate that feat of 1996.The Egyptian government has been manipulating fears over national security as part of its widespread crackdown on activists, lawyers and journalists
Category: north africa
How the EU is responsible for slavery in Libya
The migration policies of the European Union have directly resulted in slavery conditions for migrants in Libya..
You can also check out these notes on careers in high impact history research and this list of ideas of topics that it might be particularly valuable to investigate. For an overview of some of the research directions that we expand on below, you can also watch the conference talk 'From the neolithic revolution to the far future.'
Research approaches:
Generally, there are a couple of approaches to historical research which seems especially useful for questions related to improving the world the most:
Research directions:
Why is this important?
Developments in artificial intelligence algorithms will likely have a significant impact on many aspects of our societies and lives. Research into how we should govern the development and deployment of AI will help us capture the potential benefits and mitigate the risks stemming from abrupt changes. To learn more, read this guide, watch this and this talk, listen to this, this and this podcast.
You can also watch the conference talk below for an introduction to the transformative potential of AI, the risks advanced AI may pose, and the value of building the research field. Read the AI Index 2021 Annual Report for an overview of recent data and insights about AI.
How to tackle this
There are various research directions that could improve understanding in this developing field. For example: “What lessons emerge from examining the partial analogies of other general-purpose technologies and economy-wide transformations such as computerization, electrification, and industrialization?” cited from Alan Dafoe’s research agenda.
This post on technical AI safety research also suggests several research directions that a history student could pursue, such as:
?;
In what ways is AI usefully analogous or disanalogous to the industrial revolution; electricity; and nuclear weapons?
What are the most salient features of the history of AI, and how should they affect our understanding of the field today?”
Some other ideas come from AI Impacts. For example:
Checking for discontinuities in historical technological trends
"Looking would."
Review explanations for humans’ radical success over apes
"Humans are radically more successful than other animals, in some sense. This is taken as reason to expect that small modifications to brain design (for instance whatever evolution did between the similar brains of chimps and humans) can produce outsized gains in some form of mental performance, and thus that AI researchers may see similar astonishing progress near human-level AI. Investigate what is known about the likely causes of human success, relative to that of other similar animals. In particular, we are interested in how likely improvement in individual cognitive ability is to account for this (as opposed to say communication and group memory abilities)."
Collect data on time to cross the human range on intellectual skills where machines have surpassed us
"For intellectual skills where machines have surpassed humans, find out how long it took to go from the worst performance to average human skill, and from average human skill to superhuman skill. This would contribute to this project."
Consider applying to the AI Safety Camp to be connected with a research mentor and work on an open problem in AI safety from an interdisciplinary perspective.
Who are some of the people already working on this?
See AI Impact’s research into Historic trends in technological progress for an example of work done in this area.
Why is this important?
There are many trends that we can observe today telling us where humanity is going, but it’s often not easy to decide which of them are most relevant or what they reveal about the long-term future of humanity. We might understand this better through research into what the most important trends were historically, which were most consequential for large and important events, and which trends are most counterfactually responsible for humanity being where it is now.
See the talk below for one approach to using historical trends to predict future events using cliodynamics.
How to tackle this?
Some guiding questions might be:
Our World in Data lists 12 key metrics that may be useful for this type of research, and other potentially useful metrics are explored in Luke Muehlhauser’s post.
It could also be helpful to explore the work of David Christian.
Why is this important?
Economic growth has brought significant increases in human welfare. Some arguments suggest there were sudden leaps in economic growth (e.g. agricultural revolution, industrial revolution), putting us on a different growth trajectory. Examining what caused increases in economic growth throughout history and how these increases happened (e.g. how sudden they were) might help us better understand how we reached our current level of prosperity, and could also help us better predict the likelihood of further increases in economic growth and what form they might take.
How to tackle this
Looking into what sort of curve we can map on historical economic growth (see e.g. Robin Hanson arguing for a sequence of exponential modes vs Paul Christiano arguing for hyperbolic growth).
If there were multiple sudden increases in economic growth, what were the causes of such increases? Can they be explained by the previous levels of growth rate, cultural changes, some new specific inventions, changes in natural conditions (e.g. climate) or something else?
See also Ben Garfinkel and David Roodman on this topic.
You can also watch David Roodman discuss his research on this topic further below.
Why is this important?
One important thing to track in history might be the changes in values. This might be helpful for getting a more outside view on how stable the values of humanity actually are, and thus how certain we should be in the values we hold today. Many attempts at “improving the world” also aim to change people’s values. Looking at how values changed historically could provide us with some arguments about the tractability of such attempts.
Further, as our economic growth steepens, we as humanity are becoming increasingly able to change our environment and world around us to match our values. Some further developments (e.g. progress in artificial intelligence) might make it even easier and more tractable to preserve the values we hold today and “lock us in” the current state. If we could find some parallels of these lock-in events in the past, this could potentially prepare us for some challenges we might soon face.
Watch the video below for more discussion of some reasons why this research could be valuable.
How to tackle this
Looking into questions such as:
For some discussion, see e.g. these pieces looking into the rise of Christianity and decline of Mohism.
Why is this important?
From a longtermist perspective, one of the worst things that could happen would be all sentient beings dying and all the potential value of the future being lost. Alternatively, either after some specific event (e.g. a large-scale catastrophe) or in a gradual process, global civilisation may collapse and never recover, which would also mean the loss of much of the potential value of the future.
From a more short-term perspective, civilisation collapses could cause significant immediate suffering and decreases in welfare, as most systems people are used to use would cease to exist.
Looking into how civilisation collapses happened historically could help us safeguard against harmful scenarios in the future. Exploring historical civilisation collapses could also give us a better understanding of how likely civilisations are to recover.
In the video below, researcher Luke Kemp discusses historical civilisation collapses and what they can tell us about the future.
How to tackle this
A valuable approach could be looking into questions such as:
Who are some of the people already working on this?
Daron Acemoglu & James Robinson, Luke Muelhauser, Luke Kemp; Joseph Tainter; the Centre for the Study of Existential Risk
Why is this important?
It is sometimes argued that scientific progress and innovation caused humanity to improve on many levels, including economic growth and value development. If that is true, it might be valuable to get a better understanding of how science itself developed, worked and influenced the world.
How to tackle this
Looking into questions such as:
To see an example of this kind of research, see the talk below in which Jason Crawford examines the relationship between science and technological innovation..How is the performance of Maruti Alto K10?
The performance of Maruti K10 have improved a lot than the outgone car. It gets the same 1.0 litre K-Next 3 pot engine as in celerio. The new motor is hugely refined and the car feels zippy and nible in handling. The AMT(Automated Manual Transmission) is the star attraction and is the same as in Celerio. It makes driving very easy and pulling into tight parking spaces and traffic is less frustraing. Though, the transition between gears could be felt, still it is something that couldbe ignored easily. The steering feels pretty inconsistent when left freely but handles well as you grab it. It performes well on all kind of road surfaces and it something you can't complain about Maruti. It looks good and the Tango Orange is an absolute attention graber. Check out the following expert review video.The OWLS members-only listserv is an email group used to communicate with fellow members on matters relevant to the OWLS mission to transform the practice of law and ensure justice and equality by advancing women and minorities in the legal profession. Members are encouraged to join the listserv and connect with colleagues on referrals, advice, and relevant information.
Contact the OWLS Office if you are an OWLS member and wish to join the listserv. If you recently renewed your membership, check your spam filter to see if your invitation to join the listserv is there. You must accept the listserv invitation to join in order to receive those emails. The list is not moderated*.
The listserv is in effect a group email. To post to the list, just put owls@simplelists.com in the “to” block of your email program; you must do so from the email that you are subscribed from. Keep in mind that in an effort to reduce spam, many law firms strip out attachments or block email entirely if it has nonstandard fonts, photographs or the like. People are most likely to receive your email if you keep it simple. Those who subscribe to the “daily digest” option do not receive attachments.
To switch to the “daily digest” delivery option, contact the OWLS office.
You will only be able to send email to the list from the address which you registered for that purpose with the OWLS office. From time to time, we sweep the list to delete addresses which do not appear in our member database, so please let us know when you want to change your listserv address.
LISTSERV ETIQUETTE
LAW-RELATED EMAILS: Announcements about OWLS and OWLS chapter events; job announcements; lawyer referral requests; law inquiries (be very general in your factual background statements – we have judges, and possibly your opposing counsel on this listserv.)
NON-LAW-RELATED EMAILS: Please label messages that do not fall into the above category as follows: Label [SPAM-LOCATION*] (*Location means geographic area) Any non-law related email, other than relevant discussions (see below) should have this label in the email subject line. SPAM emails must also include the geographic location so listserv members around the state can easily determine relevance to them.
[SPAM-POLITICAL] Any non-law related email that is political in nature.
[DISCUSSION] Any email that is intended to trigger a discussion among listmates. Please limit your discussions to topics relevant to OWLS’ mission: to transform the practice of law and ensure justice and equality by advancing women and minorities in the legal profession.
REPLYING TO MESSAGES: Please direct your reply ONLY to the person who sent the email so we don’t clutter email in-boxes with replies. If a message is labeled [DISCUSSION], you may respond to the listserv. Please make sure the [DISCUSSION] label is kept on the message title.
TONE: Please use a respectful, professional tone.
OUT OF OFFICE MESSAGE: If you create on Out of Office message, please program it so it does not go to the entire listserv.
IDENTIFY YOURSELF: If your name is unidentifiable through your email address, be sure to include it in the text of your email.
PLEASE NOTE: While we encourage a healthy and meaningful discussion on all legal issues concerning our membership, OWLS reminds the group that it cannot endorse or encourage the setting of rates for attorneys, due to antitrust considerations.
Before sharing details of a case, it would be useful to review this Oregon State Bar Ethics Opinion.
*MODERATED CONVERSATIONS: The listserv is not moderated. However, if a discussion breaks the guidelines noted above, the OWLS office may step in to temporarily moderate at their discretion. This means that posts will be deleted before they make it to your inbox, and without notification.
Questions? Contact admincoordinator@oregonwomenlawyers.org..
This site uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Learn more about our privacy statement and cookie policy.Picturing Power: Elizabeth I and Frida Kahlo
Penny Huntsman
What do Elizabeth I and Frida Kahlo have in common? At first glance, there is little to link these women of different vocations, centuries and cultures. Art history teacher Penny Huntsman, however, finds remarkable ‘two sides of one coin’.
These are two women that made great sacrifices for their nations. Even though they span centuries and cultures, it’s remarkable how many similarities there are. It’s about asserting identity and, in both of their cases, nationhood.
The Armada Portrait of Queen Elizabeth I, painted around 1590 by an unknown artist, commemorates the Spanish Armada of 1588. What we’re looking at is really Elizabeth at the zenith of her power. We have the Spanish fleet invading England, and Elizabeth wasn’t going to have that. In the right-hand window, rather cartoon-like, actually, in the way that it’s depicted, we have the Spanish fleet being thrown up against some rocks and actually defeated.
Elizabeth is taking up most of the composition, she’s in a pyramidal form, she quite literally looks like the person who has intervened to bring this about herself. It’s deceiving, because in actual fact there were a lot of variables at play with this victory, not least the size of the vessels on both sides and also the weather.
Without the storms, we do wonder whether this victory would have come about at all. She said that God’s winds blew, and by doing that was associating herself with the divine power of God, and that really reinforced her divine right to the throne. All of her images were used as propaganda, and she was very well aware that she needed to use her image to maintain her power and also her realm.
Some four centuries later we have a Mexican artist, also a very headstrong female, who is particularly talented at image making. And she is relentlessly trying to associate herself with her nation. Her Self-Portrait on the Borderline Between Mexico and the U.S.A, we can see that Frida like Elizabeth adopts this sort of isosceles triangle in the middle of the work. She’s oriented herself, much as Elizabeth did centuries previously, towards her beloved Mexico, with her back to that which she hates, and that’s America at this time for Frida Kahlo.
She’s looking to a Mexico, not a contemporary Mexico, but to a Mexico pre-colonisation, pre-Columbian. She even wears pre-Columbian beads and did her entire life as a statement of her beloved ancient Mexico, untouched and pure. If we look at some lovely little iconic devices, she’s smoking a cigarette and points the cigarette towards America where belching pipes cover the stars and stripes. In fact, Frida Kahlo changed her date of birth to coincide with the Mexican Revolution. So, here’s somebody who’d do whatever they can to align themselves with the Mexican nation.
I think what’s quite interesting is that we know for a fact that Frida Kahlo had a very small image of the fifteenth-century double portrait by Jan Van Eyck, the Arnolfini Portrait, and know that she was interested in art history. It’s quite interesting to think that she may have looked at an image of Elizabeth I.
I think certainly the symbols and the images in both the Armada Portrait and in Frida Kahlo’s works are infinitely more important than any illusionism, in terms of how real we should think they are.
If we look at Elizabeth in the Armada Portrait, with that huge ruff, stiffened as a result of the discovery of starch, but actually sort of emanating from her like the rays of the sun, if you compare that to Self-Portrait as Tehuana, with Frida Kahlo. Now tehuana is a traditional Mexican dress, but Frida Kahlo has exaggerated that Mexican dress to actually look quite a lot like an Elizabethan ruff. While Elizabeth used her ruff to signal her status, Frida Kahlo is using the ruff of the tehuana to expand its tendrils, to act as a web to catch her husband and lover Diego Rivera.
There are some portraits of her, particularly the one with the hummingbird around her neck, where she will enhance her Mexicaness, exaggerate it to the point of ridiculousness sometimes. So, for instance the hummingbird that hangs from her neck compositionally echoes her monobrow. She also enhances her moustache to show her Mexicaness, the darkness of her skin. These are things that are quite counterintuitive for a woman to do. She’s not interested in a realistic depiction or an idealised depiction of herself. Frida Kahlo was entirely in control of her own image-making because hers are self-portraits and you could argue when you’re looking at Elizabeth I that she hasn’t actually painted these works. However, I don’t think we should ever for one-minute think that she wasn’t pulling any of the strings.
The chair that Elizabeth sits on is gilded with a mermaid. What Elizabeth is doing and probably quite subtly is reminding us that she might be a vulnerable woman on one level, but woman should be feared, especially at sea, and mermaids of course lure in men and bring about destruction.
I’d like to think that when we see Elizabeth back in the Armada Portrait looking every inch the regal monarch that she is, that maybe one of the sparks of inspiration may have been when she was looking at her father, and her father certainly used clothing to stamp his identity. In this instance showing his masculine virility, focused rather humorously on this giant-sized cod piece. Now Elizabeth, for obvious reasons, can’t use a cod piece to tell everybody that she’s going to produce an heir and that she’s a very powerful character. She uses her inability to procreate to enhance her power rather than diminish it.
Elizabeth wore pearls most of the time and they were a symbol of her purity. So, what we have here is a symbol of her as the Virgin Queen, through and through. And that really is a stealth propaganda idea for Elizabeth to do because monarchs were always in danger if they couldn’t produce heirs and the fact that she managed to turn this to her advantage, and more than just state that, Elizabeth actually said that she would wed the nation instead.
Frida Kahlo aged seven would contract polio, at eighteen she would be involved with a horrific car accident that would break her pelvis and her spine, leave her hospitalised for much of her life, and leave her unable to have children, and that is something else she also had in common with Elizabeth. I think the difference was, and maybe that’s why one was one of the most successful female monarchs we’ve ever had, was that Elizabeth used her inability to procreate to her advantage. And actually, it was a very shrewd thing to do to win the hearts and minds of men as actually only the Virgin Mary had managed to do previously.
And under the reformation, actually, Elizabeth very much offered herself up as a replacement for the Virgin Mary and would become in fact the mother of England herself. With the Armada Portrait we have such a strong image of nationhood. With Frida Kahlo, I can’t help but have respect for a young girl at that time who depicts herself in such a way as to always marry herself to Mexico. While these two women might have different motives, both of them were very intelligent and headstrong and powerful image-makers. They’re two sides of one coin.
With thanks to…
Bernard Silberstien
Hatfield House
Indianapolis Museum of Art
Queen’s House
Royal Museums Greenwich
The National Portrait Gallery
Walker Art Gallery
Archive
Alamy Stock Photo
Bridgeman Images
Getty Images
Nickolas Muray
Oddball Films
Pond5
Music
Audio Network
Full list of images shown
Portrait of Elizabeth I of England in her coronation robes.
English School, c. 1600–1610
Copy of a lost original of c. 1559
NPG 5175
© National Portrait Gallery, London
(CC BY-NC-ND 3.0)
Self Portrait Along the Border Line Between Mexico and the United States
Frida Kahlo, 1932
Philadelphia Museum of Art
© Banco de México Diego Rivera Frida Kahlo Museums Trust, Mexico, D.F. / DACS 2018.
Elizabeth I – Armada Portrait
Unknown Artist, c.1588
Queen’s House / Royal Museums Greenwich
Self Portrait as a Tehuana
Frida Kahlo, 1943
Art Gallery of New South Wales
© Banco de México Diego Rivera Frida Kahlo Museums Trust, Mexico, D.F. / DACS 2018.
The Rainbow Portrait
Attrib. Marcus Gheeraerts the Younger, c.1600 – 1602
Hatfield House
Frida Kahlo in Tehuana Costume
Bernard Silberstien, 1940
Cincinnati Art Museum, Ohio/Bridgeman Images
Frida in New York
Nickolas Muray, c.1931-1941
Nickolas Muray Archive
Frida Kahlo
Julien Levy, 1938
Vicente Wolf Photography Collection
125th Anniversary Acquisition.
The Lynne and Harold Honickman Gift of the Julien Levy Collection, 2001
© 2001 Philadelphia Museum of Art
Queen Elizabeth I
After William Rodgers, 1588
Lebrecht Music and Arts Photo Library / Alamy Stock Photo
Colored Street Of Colonial City San Miguel De Allende Mexico
Home Movie of Kahlo and Diego Riviera
Artist Unknown, N.D.
Oddball Film
Self Portrait, Dedicated to Dr Eloesser
Frida Kahlo, 1940
The Artchives / Alamy Stock Photo
© Banco de México Diego Rivera Frida Kahlo Museums Trust, Mexico, D.F. / DACS 2018.
Frida Kahlo
Nickolas Muray, 1939
Frida Kahlo
Photographer Unknown, 1939
The Arnolfini Portrait
Jan van Eyck, 1434
The National Gallery, London
(CC BY-NC-ND 4.0)
Self Portrait with Braid
Frida Kahlo, 1941
© Banco de México Diego Rivera Frida Kahlo Museums Trust, Mexico, D.F. / DACS 2018.
The Darnley Portrait
Unknown Artist, c.1575
Frida and Diego Rivera
Frida Kahlo, 1931
© Banco de México Diego Rivera Frida Kahlo Museums Trust, Mexico, D.F. / DACS 2018.
Self-Portrait with Thorn Necklace and Hummingbird
Frida Kahlo, 1940
© Banco de México Diego Rivera Frida Kahlo Museums Trust, Mexico, D.F. / DACS 2018.
My Nurse and I
Frida Kahlo, 1937
© Banco de México Diego Rivera Frida Kahlo Museums Trust, Mexico, D.F. / DACS 2018.
Frida Kahlo Painting
Photographer Unknown, 1931
Queen Elizabeth I
Artist Unknown, c.1585 – c.1590
NPG 2471
© National Portrait Gallery, London
(CC BY-NC-ND 3.0)
The Kiss of the Siren
Gustav Wertheimer, 1882
Indianapolis Museum of Art
Portrait of Henry VIII
Workshop of Hans Holbein the Younger, c.1537-1547
Walker Art Gallery
Procession Portrait of Queen Elizabeth
Artist Unknown, c.1600-1603
Elizabeth Queen of England, Engraving
Crispijn de Passe I, 1592
Frida Kahlo Painting in Bed
Juan Guzman, 1952
Broken Column
Frida Kahlo, 1944
© Banco de México Diego Rivera Frida Kahlo Museums Trust, Mexico, D.F. / DACS 2018.
The Ditchley Portrait, Queen Elizabeth I
Marcus Gheeraerts the Younger, c.1592
NPG 2561
© National Portrait Gallery, London
(CC BY-NC-ND 3.0)
- ‘The Armada Portrait of Elizabeth I’,Royal Museums Greenwich
- ‘Elizabeth I’, BBC History
- ‘The Queen’s Likeness: Portraits of Elizabeth I’, National Portrait Gallery
- Dr. Doris Maria-Reina Bravo, ‘Frida Kahlo, The Two Fridas (Las dos Fridas)’, Smarthistory, 9 August 2015
- Dr. Warren Carter, ‘Open Arts Object: Frida Kahlo, Self Portrait along the Border Line between Mexico and the USA, 1932’, Open Arts Archive
- ‘Frida Kahlo: National Identities’, Tate exhibition room guide, 2005
- ‘Unlocking Frida Kahlo’s wardrobe’, V&A blog,’.!
43 thoughts on “New Plugin – “I Make Plugins””
That’s great and really saves a lot of time. How about making the same for theme developers. 🙂
Genius! Thanks, I will give this a try.
Very nice Mark, thanks!
For a minute I thought it was a plugin to help you make plugins. What was I thinking of…
Hi!
I like to have my plugins as posts. There are no way to use you plugin for that, right?
A nice feature would be to be able to insert a shortcode in posts like [plugin name=”I make plugins”] and it will show the information of that plugin.
Let me know, would be great for me and probably others!
Good idea, that should be easy to do.
Does that mean you will add it to the next version? I don’t want to hack your plugin because then I need to do it every time I’ll update the plugin in the future.
If you add it and it works like expected, I’ll blog about your plugin on jenst.se and devdevote.
Good work so far anyway!
Looks amazing, would it be possible to add the
download-url shortcode on the “My Plugins” page?
Sure, I’ll add that for the next version!
LOL… Mark, love the title of this plugin. Very useful getting it for myself for future use 🙂
Great use of the shortcode API. Shortcodes are seriously one of my favorite parts of WordPress. 😀
Thank you soooo much for this video! I downloaded 1.0 a few nights ago and had no idea what to do with it… after watching the video, everything worked smoothly. Great plugin btw! Been looking for something like this for a while.
Wow, awesome plugin. I am salivating thinking about the same thing for the theme directory… Is there a similar API for the theme directory?
Excellent plugin! And very user friendly, we had it up and running in no time. It will definitely save lots of time and keep things in order.
‘Sweet’ does not express enough how freakin’ awesome this plugin is!
Agree with the others! AWESOME plugin – thank you
Is it possible to get plugin screenshots?
That’s pretty rad, man. Thanks!
Being in the process of writing my first plugin it is nice to see I csan take some shortcuts. Now I just need to learn to use the WP plugin repository 🙂
Very nice!
Great plugin Mark
Only suggestion I would have is to allow some control over where the plugin list template code is placed on that container page as I like to give a little context to my plugin work first.
To clarify – currently the cotaine page has:
Plugin list template
$content
I wouild like to have the option to display as
$content
Plugin list template
Thanks!
Agreed. I think I’ll include an optional [plugin_list] shortcode that you can manually place to override the default “append” behavior.
Mark: the cache is never really used because of missing parantheses. In addition to the change that I submitted earlier the line following that change needs to be edited, too, to have the descriptions show on the list page again. I have created a diff file that you can download here: – HTH
Thanx So Much
I want to install Plug in to my domain, please help me.
thanks
You are a wordpress God!
hye wt abt u?
Hi…I was wondering why the plugin page does not appear on my dashboard left panel? Have I installed it correctly? Thanks.
Great Plugin!!!
How about other languages?
In some plugins, in addition to “readme.txt”, there are “readme-{{WPLANG}}.txt” files where we add descriptions in other languages.
Can you add support for those files?
please
i want you tom install plug in in my computer.
thanks .
Ok
great post !!! thank you for sharing… 🙂
hiiiiiiiiii wordpress
I agree.
===========================
xin the my
can i pay you to make a plugin for me?
or do you know where i can find someone that i can pay to make a plugin for me???
hey
this is very good plugin..i really like it and tell me when will its new version released..
i am waiting for it
This would be a great site to put some comments and visit.Keep up the good work.
Very nice indd.
עדכוני חדשות
It is very interesting site and very useful to me.
That’s very helpful.Our Hubs are designed to house resources for specific area of need. Currently we run three hubs:
- Wellness Hub
- C.A.S.T. Hub
- Maternal Hub
Wellness Hub
The Wellness Hub is designed to provide supports to aid in your mental health as well as provide you with supports to help others. This Hub covers areas such as Covid-19 supports, family activities, work/life balance, staying healthy, staying informed, community, and volunteering.
CAST Hub
The CAST Hub aka the Communities Addressing Suicide Together Hub works to help building suicide-safer communities. The Hub provides supports and resources to improve communities mental health. We’ve complied a comprehensive list of programs and resources available to you locally, nationally and internationally. Help is here.
Maternal Hub
The Maternal Hub provides supports.The LoRaWAN Showcase / FREE Community LoRaWAN Network ServerShare: /> />LORIOTFREE Community LoRaWAN Network ServerThe Network Server is at the core of an Internet of Things solution. It is the critical link between connected objects and IoT applications and makes the communication among them secure, reliable and scalable. LORIOT geographically distributed infrastructure of LoRaWAN network servers provides low-latency access to our services anywhere in the world. Member ProfileYesterday’s photo of concrete sculpture was not a crowd favorite, and it’s understandable. Concrete blocks? So exciting. With just a glance, there isn’t much to it, particularly in a cloudy season with no snow or leaves. Perhaps taking this interstate sculpture in greater context will make this sculpture more interesting. Yes, there are more concrete sculptures at rest areas on Vermont’s interstates. There are marble sculptures, too. Read on to learn about Vermont’s interstate art.
An art collection, known as “Sculpture on the Highway,” was developed in the late 1960s/early 1970s. There are eighteen concrete and marble sculptures located at rest areas and pull offs on Interstate 91 and 89, stretching from the Massachusetts border to the Canadian border. The intent was to create one (very long, linear) sculpture park. These sculptures were commissioned as a result of Vermont’s sculpture symposia, an American response to an international phenomena of the 1960s goals of fostering peaceful artistic dialogue. The efforts were funded by the National Endowment for the Arts and the Vermont Arts Council, and organized by Paul Aschenbach, a University of Vermont Sculpture professor. Aschenbach brought in talented sculptors from all over the world. The marble was donated by the Vermont Marble Company and the concrete donated by the S.T. Griswold Concrete Company.
Today some of these sculptures are located in rest areas or pull offs that have since been closed due to budget restraints. However, you can see many of them (though you might have to look closely – the Georgia sculpture is set behind the parking lot, not a place you’d immediately notice). In 2013, the Vermont Agency of Transportation relocated a 1968 marble sculpture by Viktor Rogy from the original Guilford rest area to the new Guilford rest area off I-91 northbound. While it is in a new setting, the (now cleaned) marble sculpture can once again be viewed by the traveling public in a similar environment.
The Viktor Rogy 1968 marble sculpture in the old Guilford rest stop, prior to relocation and cleaning.
A bit more interesting than just one concrete sculpture, yes? Want more information? See these links:
- This collection on Flickr features many of the sculptures.
- Read this article from the Chicago Tribune for a detailed 1970 account of the sculpture park (page 4 & 12 of the actual paper).
- Photos of the Georgia rest area northbound art from Obscure Vermont.
- A Brattleboro Reformer article about southern Vermont sculptures.Apple TV+ is one of the latest streaming giants to cash in on the global success of K-dramas with a new sci-fi thriller titled “Dr. Brain” debuting on the platform next week.
More info: The six-episode series features Lee Sun-kyun, who is known to international audiences for his role as Park Dong-Ik in Bong Joon-ho’s Oscar-winning film “Parasite.”
- The story follows Lee’s character, a brain surgeon, who goes to extraordinary lengths to uncover the truth about a mysterious accident his family suffered from.
- Actors Lee You-young, Park Hee-soon, Seo Ji-hye and Lee Jae-won will also star in the show.
- Executive produced, written and directed by Kim Jee-woon, “Dr. Brain” is based on a popular Korean webtoon by Hongjacga, according to Deadline.
- The series, filmed entirely in Korean, accompanies the streaming platform’s official launch in South Korea, reports Ars Technica.
- “Dr. Brain” is set to be released on Nov. 3 in the U.S. and Nov. 4 for global audiences.
Less than two weeks ago, Disney Plus announced its plans to add seven new Korean shows available for streaming including five K-dramas: “Rookies,” “Moving,” “Grid,” “Snowdrop” and “Sixth Sense Kiss.” One of the dramas, “Snowdrop,” featuring Jisoo from Blackpink, was trending on Twitter after a teaser trailer of the singer’s first romance drama was released.
Advertisement
Featured Image via Apple TVAbout Jim
Jim’s Story
Jim Schleckser is a Certified Sommelier from the Court of Master Sommeliers , has an Advanced certification from Wine and Spirits Education Trust and is a business person with 30 years of professional drinking experience. He is committed helping professionals navigate wine, while keeping it fun.
He is also CEO of the Inc. CEO Project, a firm that does coaching and advisory work for CEOs of fast growth companies.
Public Speaking
Jim enjoys writing on wine as well as public speaking on the topic.
His most popular speech for business audiences is –.
Jim leading a tasting on sparkling wines from around the world for a charitable eventKathleen has many testimonials from her satisfied clients, she has built her reputation over 45 years of professional practice.
From her bright and peaceful treatment room clients are treated to an exceptional quality and variety of treatments.
Here are just some of the many unedited testimonials she has received & below are just a few of the 5-STAR testimonials published on Treatwell.com
Up to date testimonial can be found on the booking site.
Michelle W.B says: ‘You are a magician and psychologist as well as a fantastic beautician; thank you so much.’
Eddie says: ‘Thank you for giving me my face back; it no longer looks like a range of volcanoes, it’s almost human!’
Emma M says: ‘Just a little note to say thank you very much for my beautiful wedding complexion. See you soon.’
Thank you for all your help and advice this year AND for my fantastic nails, skin, eyes, false tan and hair-free legs! Debbie
I just wanted to write a little note to say a huge thank you for making my wedding day so special. I felt like a million dollars and the make-up lasted all day and well into the night! I shall come and see you soon and bore you to death with all the photos.
Thank you also for giving me a mini massage in my last moment of peace and quiet I really needed it as suddenly it hit me that it was actually me getting married. Anyway it was truly the best day of my life and I felt like a princess, which was all down to you—thank you. Tara
Alice S sent me a photo of her special day and wrote:
Just to say a big thank you for pulling out all the stops on me the night before my wedding. As you can see chin is intact! Thanks a mill Alice
There are many reasons why I go to Kathleen—not only because she’s excellent, But also the marvellous treatment one receives. The calming, caring and professional environment. Her ability to advise and listen to one’s concerns, Resulting in a very educational and fun experience
She’s an inspiration! Jane L
Thank you very much for a great wax! Tania
Kathleen Thank you for all your kind and enthusiastic help from one of your most pampered friends. Alison
Thank you for making me look brown and beautiful (well brown anyway!!) for my trip. S
Thank you Kathleen for excellent attention received! David B
Her aromatherapy and therapeutic massage is the best anti-stress treatment I know of—she really does have healing hands, when it comes to relief from stress and anxiety, Kathleen provides the most effective massage therapy I’ve encountered. Dr Aric Sigman
Kathleen was lovely and the location was very nicely presented. I forgot my own mascara which was a bit of a problem as she was running out so had to apply afterwards at home. Make up nice but didn't last all day as done in the morning. Would go back and for other treatments.
I took my mother to Kathleen for a therapeutic massage. This takes place in Kathleen's home where she has a dedicated room for the massage. She is very friendly and welcoming. My mother couldn't rate her highly enough and felt wonderful afterwards. She even looked revived and wants to make this a regular visit.
Kathleen is so nice and my skin looks fantastic after the treatment.
Kathleen has multiple qualifications and accreditations including:
Kathleen only works with world class products and treatments including:
JCchiswick
Very therapeutic and relaxing. She inspires confidence as an expert experienced beautician.According to the Royal Central blog:
Four years ago, during the Commonwealth Heads of Government meeting in Australia, an agreement was made between those 16 countries…that there would be changes to the royal succession laws.
Ironically, the hold-up for these changes is down the very state from which they originated in Australia.
…the Western Australia parliament has not yet passed the changes. As part of arrangements in Australia to recognise the autonomy of its state parliaments, the Western Australia Parliament must also first pass the necessary laws before the final seal can be given by the Federal Parliament of Australia.
To read the entire article on the Royal Central blog, please click here.When working in an SVN managed project, you can configure whether to allow Talend Studio to automatically check for new commits on the SVN at a certain time interval using the configuration file of your Talend Studio.
This way, you can easily share your settings with others.
Procedure
- Open the configuration file \configuration\config.ini under the installation directory of your Talend Studio.
- Add the following two lines:
svn.update.info.check=true/false svn.update.info.interval=<value>Tip: If you set
svn.update.info.checkto false, the time interval setting will not work, and Talend Studio updates the SVN for each operation it makes. This slows down Talend Studio but reduces the number of requests on the SVN server. When
svn.update.info.checkis set to true, it is recommended to limit the time interval to 30 (seconds) to avoid possible issues with the SVN.
- Restart your Talend Studio for the configuration to take effect.
Once these properties are set in the config.ini file, these settings will replace the corresponding preference settings at every start of Talend Studio.
Results
For more information on configuring SVN polling in the Preferences dialog box, see Performance preferences on the Talend Help Center.The Susan G. Komen Foundation sponsors races across the nation for men and women to express solidarity in their goal of eradicating breast cancer, and to raise funds for research. This is a great goal.
However Susan G. Komen compromises its own mission to find a cure for breast cancer by associating and providing funding for Planned Parenthood, the nation’s largest abortion provider. In 2008, Planned Parenthood performed a total of 324,008 abortions, over 25 percent of all U.S. abortions.
Important facts:Coach Kotwica breaks down the top Special Teams plays of the week, including this one in Dallas:
Dallas Domination! How Cowboys Created A Blocked Punt TD In 43-3 Win
Oct 3, 2021; Arlington, Texas, USA; Dallas Cowboys middle linebacker Jaylon Smith (9) and cornerback Anthony Brown (30) celebrates during the second quarter against the Carolina Panthers at AT&T Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Mark J. Rebilas-USA TODAY SportsWe Lead from the Front
We’re a passionate, proactive team with the work ethic to match. Let Consulting Geek modernize your business and turn opportunity into impact.
- Expert guidance to build your Digital Transformation.
- Save time, resources, and money!
- Create endless business possibilities!
Web, mobile, eCommerce, and everything in between. We want to be a part of your success story. Start your digital journey today!As the name would seem to suggest, “Smash It Up” is composed of two very different songs. The first part is a slow and thoughtful ballad, written in tribute to Marc Bolan. A fingerpicked guitar lightly darts over a warm bass part, with only a smattering of drums.
After about 1 and a half minutes, the song picks up considerably. The drums make more of a showing, certainly.
But after the 2nd minute of the song, the 2nd part takes over. Suddenly, it’s a punk song, with a simple guitar chord progression, pacey drums, an organ vamp, and some particularly incendiary lyrics which got the song banned by BBC Radio 1 for their riotous content. Times were different…
After a short pause, the latter third of the song gives over a section to an ecstatic electric guitar solo.
Lyrically, the song is an attack on hippies, specifically their long hair and frothy lager. In fairness, both of those things were probably abundant back then!
“Smash It Up” is a single from Machine Gun Etiquette, which came out in 1979.New York City and Disney World might be located at opposite ends of the country, but last night the two converged on Madison Avenue to unveil Barneys New York’s “Electric Holiday” campaign. In celebration of the holidays, Barneys and Disney have collaborated on a short animated film featuring dressed-up versions of their classic characters alongside cartoon versions of some of fashion’s most famous figures. “They brought their beloved characters and we brought some beloved real fashion work characters,” Barneys’s CEO Mark Lee told The Daily Beast of the collaboration, “It’s truly a dream, and is really all about the magic of Disney.”
As a precursor to the premiere, the store had cleared out an entire floor’s worth of merchandise and redesigned the space with black wall tapestries and tiny filament lights for an “electric” celebration. An array of fried food was plucked by tailored investors along with glassfuls of punch beleaguered with LED ice cubes instead. On display was the limited edition Disney-themed merchandise that Barneys will hawk in the merry months to come, like mouse ears designed by L’Wren Scott and Rag & Bone.
There are also locked diaries and hooded towels baring neon silhouettes of Daffy Duck and Goofy available for prices far more reasonable than the $1,600 Balenciaga booties retailing three floors above. Looking down, it was clear who these items are intended for—the army of sugar high children who were weaving between older guest’s legs with light-up sippy cups in hand. But as the crowd’s band of 20-somethings griped, Simon Doonan was in full support of Barneys’s family Christmas. “Gay, straight, everybody seems to have kids nowadays,” he told The Daily Beast, “The holidays are not a time to be remote and bitchy, the holidays are a time to be fun and warm and colorful and welcoming.”
A radio announcement signaled that the party was headed outside to witness the night’s big reveal. Excited for the premiere, supermodel Crystal Renn explained, “I think fashion is all about being a character and being an individual and Disney is all about individual characters, so then marrying the two together makes a lot of sense.”
It was an Orlando-worthy scene, with enough Proenza Schouler PS1 bags and cigarettes to make up for the crowd’s lack of fanny packs and turkey legs, respectively. Each guest was provided a pair of light-up mouse ears that were radio controlled by the event’s producers—they simultaneously flashed blue as Sarah Jessica Parker, the evening’s host, took the stage along with Lee and Disney’s CEO Bob Iger, to introduce the film. Tinkerbell appeared with a wand and fluttered about as the film began to role. Peering down Madison Avenue with the city’s skyline and smoke flumes aglow as Mickey Mouse and friends cavorted onscreen in Balmain and Nina Ricci, it seemed as if Disney had just made a serious case for opening a satellite park somewhere close by. The film ended and Minnie Mouse appeared in custom Lanvin. A crack was heard, and glitter exploded overhead, signaling the official start of Barneys’s holiday season.Dear Denijames
Sorry that you havent had a reply to your post yet.
You may find it helpful to talk with one of our specialists on the free Helpline, 0808 800 6000. Or you may prefer to consider posting on the Ask Our Nurses area of the Forum where the nurses will be able to respond to you online.
In the meantime, I hope you are doing OK and please do pop a post up to let us know how you are getting on, if you feel able.
Best wishesAnnaDigital Community Officer
I finished my radiotherapy mid December and I suffered no real ill effects at the time, but now feels really tender and sore around the lymph area under my arm. I had a sentinel node biopsy (which was clear) and lumpectomy and breast reduction, back in May 17 then chemo (as I had TNBC) followed by radiotherapy. Could this be late effects of radiotherapy? Don’t want to rush to doctors after every symptom!Hear your music not the rain. You can control the Active Noise Cancelling function on these wireless over-ear headphones to match your situation. With 30 hours of playtime from a single charge plus flexible quick charging you're covered for the whole trip. Leave it all behind with Active Noise Cancelling. Shut out the noise of a train or busy office at the touch of a button. If you're out and about you can listen to your music and stay tuned to the noise of the street in Awareness Mode. Twinkling pianos. Blistering rock. Whatever you love Hi-Res Audio headphones let you feel the full impact of every note. When wired to a Hi-Res source you'll get the full benefit of lossless audio that's recorded at a higher sample rate than CDs for a brilliantly lifelike performance. Smooth adjustable headband. Soft ear-cup cushions From playlist to the podcast perfectly tuned neodymium acoustic drivers deliver deep bass and clear mid-range frequencies. Soft ear-cup cushions cover your whole ear creating a seal that passively isolates external noise. The headband is light easily adjustable and smooth: there'll be no getting these headphones tangled in your hair. Flat-folding and compact-folding design. Easy storage Touch control. Swipe tap and press for easy control Control volume by swiping up or down on the ear-housing touch control panel. You can activate or deactivate Active Noise Cancelling with a single tap or engage Awareness Mode to hear more of the world around you while the music keeps playing. The built-in mic with echo cancellation keeps sounding clear when you're talking. Quick Charge. Charge for 15 minutes get 6 hours of playtime Two levels of fast charging—Rapid Charge and Quick Charge—give you an extra 2 or 6 hours of playtime. In a hurry? Just 5 minutes on charge will give you another 2 hours of playtime.
Features
- Powerful Active Noise Canceling (ANC). Lose yourself not the music. Specialized microphones and digital circuitry picks up and cancels background noise so you can enjoy hours of music without distraction.
- 30 hours play time or talk time (25 hours with ANC on)*
- 40mm neodymium acoustic drivers for highly detailed sound and strong bass + Hi-Res Audio certified so you can hear every detail as intended
- Touch control. Swipe tap and press for easy control
- Built-in mic with echo cancellation for clear hands-free calls
- Flat-folding and compact-folding design for easy storage
- Digital voice assistant compatible. Manage your life on the move
- Rapid charge. Charge for 5 minutes get 2 hours play / Quick Charge. Charge for 15 minutes get 6 hours play
- Connectivity Technology: Bluetooth
- Power Source Type: Battery-Powered
Warranty
30 Day Warranty
Condition
NEW
Packaging
Retail=== Signoff report for [community-testing] === There are currently: * 2 new packages in last 24 hours * 0 known bad packages * 0 packages not accepting signoffs * 0 fully signed off packages * 10 packages missing signoffs * 8 (2 total) == * qtcreator-2.4.0rc-1 (i686) * qtcreator-2.4.0rc-1 (x86_64) == Incomplete signoffs for [community] (8 total) == * fail2ban-0.8.4-3 (any) 1/2 signoffs * pacman-contrib-4.0.0-2 (any) 1/1000 signoffs * expac-0.07-1 (i686) 0/2 signoffs * packagekit-0.6.19-2 (i686) 0/2 signoffs * qtcreator-2.4.0rc-1 (i686) 0/2 signoffs * expac-0.07-1 (x86_64) 1/2 signoffs * packagekit-0.6.19-2 (x86_64) 0/2 signoffs * qtcreator-2.4.0rc-1 (x86_64) 0/2 signoffs == Incomplete signoffs for [unknown] (2 total) == * percona-server-5.5.16_rel22.0-1 (i686) 1/2 signoffs * percona-server-5.5.16_rel22.0-1 (x86_64) 1/2 signoffs == All packages in [community-testing] for more than 14 days (8 total) == * fail2ban-0.8.4-3 (any), since 2011-04-10 * expac-0.07-1 (i686), since 2011-10-13 * expac-0.07-1 (x86_64), since 2011-10-13 * pacman-contrib-4.0.0-2 (any), since 2011-10-15 * percona-server-5.5.16_rel22.0-1 (i686), since 2011-10-26 * percona-server-5.5.16_rel22.0-1 (x86_64), since 2011-10-26 * packagekit-0.6.19-2 (i686), since 2011-10-31 * packagekit-0.6.19-2 (x86_64), since 2011-10-31 == Top five in signoffs in last 24 hours == 1. jgc - 18 signoffs 2. lfleischer - 1 signoffs 3. dan - 1 signoffsOk, so what I’m about to tell you could quite possibly change your life forever. If you’re already training with Studioz, you will know that, from Day 1, I really impress on you how critical your nutrition is in meeting your ultimate goal. I break through all the “crap” and give you practical suggestions to revolutionise your eating plan once and for all.
I talk to clients, almost on a daily basis, that really struggle with their eating plans. They’re confused about what to eat, they don’t understand the importance of the nutritional label on food products, they eat irregular meals or skip meals, only eat two or three meals per day, don’t drink enough water, eat too much junk food and they just don’t know what to eat anymore.
Then throw into the mix the various types of diet plans out there such as Jenny Craig, Weight Watchers and even Tony Fergusson’s meal replacement shakes. You may lose a little weight, but then it all goes back on when you stop. Why? Usually because you haven’t learnt how to prepare your meals yourself or learn what is healthy and what is not. You don’t know how to combine your protein, fats and carbohydrates or know the importance of timing your meals throughout the day.
So let’s get to it – what’s the secret to eating healthy?
Eat five to six meals a day
For people struggling with their weight, this one can be difficult to understand. Very often I hear people say, ”but I only eat once or twice a day and I still put on weight”, and “why can’t I just stop eating, won’t that work?” Your body’s metabolism is altered by the number of meals you eat per day. For instance, just by taking the number of calories you eat per day across, say, three meals and then dividing those same number of calories into five or six meals (about three hours apart), this simple act will increase your metabolic rate and burn more calories than if you ate fewer meals.
Eat smaller meals
If you’re going to eat more often, then you need to eat smaller meals. You’ve probably heard it referred to as “grazing” throughout the day. This means eating smaller balanced meals more often, as opposed to larger meals less frequently.
Eat well-balanced meals
Each meal needs to have a good balance of protein, carbohydrate and fat to ensure your body remains energised for the entire day.
Eat clean and natural foods
Ok, so this one tip here is gold ,but is really just common sense. The more manufactured something is, the less goodness your body will get out of it. You want to stick to lean cuts of meat, whole grains, plenty of fruits and vegetables and lots of clean fresh water. You don’t need to over-complicate it – just stick to this simple formula. Always go with low-fat alternatives and don’t cover your meats or vegetables with lots of condiments, use in moderation or replace with natural herbs and dressings.
Have a rest day
This is a really important rule that I have lived by for the past 15+ years. I think it’s critical to have a rest, or cheat, day once per week. This means you have a day of the week that you can eat pretty much whatever it is you feel like eating. Then the next day, you get right back on track. It’s important because you still get to eat those foods you may be struggling to avoid, but also prevents regular binge eating of bad food choices. This really does work, but still requires discipline.
Don’t dismiss the use of supplements
You may think that, if you eat as well as I’ve outlined, then why do you need to take any kinds of supplements? Eating well goes a large way to meeting your needs, but nutritional supplements should be thought of as being similar to ‘health insurance’ that provides a wide range of nutritional support for most normally healthy individuals. Refer to this supplement article.25Ton Water Tube Steam Boiler -industrial boilers for sale. biomass water tube boiler,6-25 ton biomass steam boiler,SZL solid Biomass fired water tube chain grate boiler is a good example. It is widely used in textile factory, paper factory, food industry, generating steam in industry Renewable Energy Cost Analysis: Biomass for Power SteamLearn More Learn More of the 
Jun 05, …Learn More
China Biomass Pellet Vertical 3000 Kg Steam Boiler. 9000 Kw Biomass Fired Steam Boiler Manufacturer. water on the shell side, p. 298 …Learn More
Biomass fired boilers - Water tube steam boiler | HoSt. MaintenanceIt's easy to lose a few hours in our library... Enjoy!
It's a difficult choice, but pick any one of our library sections below and enjoy learning more about the why's and how's of reducing your toxic exposure.
Many of these resources have helped to guide the ChemFreeCom team in the development of our website and directory. These resources are so informative we just have to share them with you, Our Community. We will be progressively adding to the Library. While we have used many of these resources, we are not in a position to endorse or certify any of their content.
Our Library includes:
- Videos & Audios and Books for your reference and enjoyment.
- APPS and other resources that can help with your Chemical Free transition.
If there are any resources you think we should add, please let us know via the contact page.Visit the original article*
Bill Miller, the billionaire investor and Miller Value Partners CFA, continued to tout Bitcoin in a new conversation with author William Green.
Bill Miller, the billionaire investor and Miller Value Partners CFA, continued to tout Bitcoin in a new conversation with author William Green, profiled today by Business Insider.
Building on comments he first began making last year, Miller compared his belief in Bitcoin to his faith in Amazon stock when the dot-com bubble burst, “I’m willing to go over the waterfall with this one too,” he said according to an interview transcript.
The comments echo a rising sentiment in mainstream media that Bitcoin, long dismissed as a black market currency used by hackers, is maturing as an asset class worthy of concerted investment by America’s largest and most established financial institutions.
Indeed, Miller went so far as to claim investing in Bitcoin should be more attractive today than it was years ago to the banks and investment firms still sitting on the sidelines.
“Bitcoin is a lot less risky at $43,000 than it was at $300. It’s now established, huge amounts of venture-capital money have gone into it, and all the big banks are getting involved,” Miller said, advising investors who don’t yet understand the asset, who lack conviction in its future, to only allocate just 1% of their portfolios to it.
Miller went on to tout Coinbase as a growth investment, “Coinbase could easily have a $500 billion or $1 trillion market cap as a disruptive company in a rapidly growing, changing industry.”
The billionaire also gave advice on holding investments such as Bitcoin and Coinbase stock, “If you’re going to get shaken out by how the stock trades in three months or six months or nine months, you probably shouldn’t own it.”
This comes after a year of increased demand for Bitcoin by institutional investors. Notably the Bank of New York Mellon, among other traditionally conservative financial institutions, has announced plans to custody Bitcoin and crypto. Recently, U.S. Bank, with more than $8.6 trillion in assets under management, became the latest in a line of banks to get involved with Bitcoin.
Whilst wearing a black baseball cap with a Bitcoin hat on it, Miller said, “I think of bitcoin as digital gold. The key is the demand for this particular type of protection against financial catastrophe.” He said that Bitcoin could surge 10-fold in value if investors accept it as a store-of-value asset, and suggested that would only be the start of Bitcoin realizing its potential.
GIPHY App Key not set. Please check settingsWollemi Love Cabins presents
Soak up the wilderness in this idyllic timber slab bush cabin with outstanding views!
Situated high above the World Heritage Blue Mountains Wilderness, Wollemi Cabin boasts extensive views looking north over endless mountains.
Let your hair out and breathe the wild, fresh country air beneath clear starry skies.
This is how life is meant to feel...
Get comfortable...and cosy.
Fitted with a spa, loft area, two queen-size beds, fireplace and fully self-contained kitchen, Wollemi Cabin offers its guests a chance to relax and enjoy the natural country experience in the Australian Bush.
This iconic timber slab cabin features state-of-the-art solar energy technology and waste management systems to minimise its impact on the surrounding environment.King Christian IV of Denmark built Rosenborg in 1606-34 as a summer castle. He designed much of this Dutch Renaissance style castle himself. The next three generations of kings lived here, until King Frederik IV erected Frederiksborg Castle in 1710. From then on, Rosenborg was used only for occasional visits and certain official functions. It also became a sort of storehouse, where royal family heirlooms, including the regalia, crown jewels, and thrones, were kept.
Rosenborg is unique for its long museum tradition. As early as 1838 these royal collections were opened to the public. The rooms which remained intact from those kings who had lived in them (Christian IV to Frederik IV) were preserved, while rooms from the times of later kings were recreated using the various objects stored at Rosenborg and other royal castles. Most museums of the time were arranged thematically, by portraits, furniture, etc., so the decision to arrange the collections chronologically, giving visitors an overall picture of the nation’s history, was entirely new.
The museum was expanded to its present form in the 1860s, with rooms representing each king up to Frederik VII, who died in 1863. It thus became the First museum of contemporary culture in Europe.
The castle is surrounded by a lovely green space with formal gardens as well as public areas for picnics and gatherings, and several public art/design installations. While there is admission to the castle and Crown Jewels rooms, the park area around the castle is public.
Dueling pistols made by S. Colt and engraved by G. Young and Joseph Wolf, given by Abraham Lincoln to the Danish King Frederik VII in 1861.
LINCOLN — Nebraska Extension will present a series of workshops covering 2022 inputs and cost of production for crop producers utilizing cost of production budgets in decision-making. Attendees are welcome to bring their latest soil tests.
The workshops will be held from 2 to 4 p.m. at the following locations:
- Nov. 9 in Hastings at the Community Services Building on the Adams County Fairgrounds, 947 S. Baltimore Ave.
- Nov. 10 in Beatrice at the Gage County Extension Office, 1115 W. Scott St.
- Nov. 11 near Mead at the Eastern Nebraska Research, Extension and Education Center, 1071 County Road G., Ithaca, Nebraska (livestream option available).
The workshops are free, but space is limited at each location. Registration is required by the day prior to each workshop at or 402-472-1742.
— Nebraska ExtensionHTML documents preview within Lokalise for translators, editors and managers.
See the document during translation and before download with a free open-sourced browser extension.
Features:
— Interactive preview of translations within the layout,
— Edit HTML attributes without searching for them or breaking code,
— Check translated documents before download.Melbourne's Most Reliable & Trustworthy Plumbers!
Blocked Drains
There's nothing worse than waiting too long to get your blocked drains fixed. So whether you're experiencing a blocked sewer drain, blocked toilet, blocked basin, blocked shower or burst pipes, give us a call and we guarantee we'll fix it fast.
Residential Plumbing
Regardless of your what your residential plumbing needs may be, we have the resources and manpower to tackle any job. From gas-fitting installations & maintenance to leaking tap-repairs, we do it all.
Commercial Plumbing
We handle a range of commercial plumbing projects and our clients have come to expect a fast, reliable, and professional service from us. If you want your project finished on time and on budget, you can rely on us to get the job done.
About M & F Plumbing
M & F Plumbing has been servicing Melbourne Metropolitan for over 6 years. On top of our reasonable and transparent prices, we pride ourselves on providing quality, reliable & professional plumbing services to all of our commercial & residential clients.
M & F Plumbing will provide you with the service you want, when you want it 24 hours a day / 7 days a week.
We are committed to offering a friendly service each and every time you use us. You’ll always get an expert in the field, which means they know what they are talking about, giving you a quicker diagnosis and repair and more importantly, SAVING YOU TIME AND MONEY. Our customers are able to rest at ease knowing our company is fully licensed, experienced and insured.
More of our Services
Why Choose Us?
On Time, Every Time
Punctuality is an important company principle at MF Plumbing. We understand how frustrating it can be waiting to get your plumbing needs sorted so we make sure we're always on time.
Fair & Reasonable Prices
Don't get hit by hidden costs or surprises! Our services are affordable, fair and transparent, and we're proud that we can offer some of the most competitive prices in our industry.
Professional & Friendly Service
Our services are always up to industry standards and our plumbers are fully licensed and member of the master plumbers association. On top of that. we greet all our customers with a smile!
Areas of Service
If you don't see your suburb above, it's likely that we do service your area but it isn't listed above. So give us a call!
Our Happy Customers
Great Service, Very Reliable!
Great service, very reliable. Our hot water system wasn't working, he arrived in the afternoon and was able to organise a replacement in the same day. Highly recommended!
Zein Hassan
Can't Recommend Farouk & his Team Enough!
Great customer service and very reliable. Can't recommend Farouk and his team enough. We had a burst pipe on a Saturday night, made our fair share of calls to other plumbers who were charging nothing less than $400 for an emergency repair. Farouk came out and repaired our pipe in 30 mins for $250! (Veryyy reasonable considering other quotes we received!) Absolute life saver. Thanks guys!A key public health measure during the Covid-19 pandemic has been social distancing — keeping at least 6 feet of distance between people to minimize spread of the coronavirus.
A team of students from the Wallace H. Coulter Department of Biomedical Engineering wants to make that easier for people to practice as they return to working in-person. The team’s idea was one of the best to emerge from the Emory and Georgia Tech HACK Covid-19 competition in late January.
Team GoodVibes developed a bracelet to reinforce proper distancing — or prompt users with other customizable reminders. Their idea won an honorable mention from the hackathon’s judges.
“We wanted to design an affordable, accessible, and practical device that helped employees transition safely to an in-person setting,” said team member and third-year BME student Rebecca Jeltuhin. “We chose to create a bracelet due to its simple and subtle nature, along with the possibility of quickly bringing it to market.”
The bracelet would work in conjunction with others — any time a wearer encounters another user within a 6-foot radius, it would vibrate to remind both individuals to increase the space between them. Jeltuhin said they also want to build in the ability to gently prompt others — to help avoid the uncomfortable situation of having to ask someone to move farther away.
“The bracelet has a manual override button. When pressed, it will activate the vibration feature for everyone in a 6-foot radius in case someone is not following social distancing protocol,” said Mai Nguyen, another member of the team and also a third-year biomedical engineering student. “This subtly reminds people to maintain proper distancing without calling them out.”
The team envisions including a dial to adjust the distance for alerts even closer than 6 feet, if a user wished. They’ve also discussed adding a long-press function to the button that businesses could customize, using it to send vibration patterns as reminders to put on a mask or sanitize hands, for example.
The GoodVibes team included fourth-year biomedical engineering student Varun Mosur and third-year students Jeltuhin, Nguyen, Matthew Nuese, and Anna Williams, who’ve worked together since their sophomore design class. They also recruited Emeline Ruvinskiy, a fourth-year undergraduate in the Goizueta Business School at Emory, to bring her business skills to the table.
The hackathon was a collaboration of the Emory Global Health Institute, CREATE-X at Georgia Tech, and Coulter BME. 130 students on 29 teams competed to develop products to help schools and businesses safely reopen. Top prize went to Team Rotations, a digital platform to allow schools and businesses to quickly create safe seating charts and schedules to minimize exposure to Covid-19.
“Our hackathons with Emory allow students from both schools to engage, develop ideas and create solutions that can later be commercialized through a startup incubator like CREATE-X,” said Raghupathy “Siva” Sivakumar, founding director of CREATE-X and interim chief commercialization officer at Georgia Tech. “Most importantly, these students want to contribute to helping solve what’s arguably the greatest public health crisis of our lifetime. Fostering an entrepreneurial spirit in our students helps them believe that they, too, can contribute to finding solutions to complex problems, even ones as difficult as Covid-19.”
The GoodVibes team hopes to refine their idea, looking even beyond the Covid-19 pandemic. Ruvinskiy said they’d like to apply to CREATE-X to continue the design process and make their idea a reality.
“The current pandemic requires quick action, which is why entrepreneurs are so critical to helping solve the issues produced by Covid,” Nuese said. “During the hackathon, each one of our teammates had the chance to feel this entrepreneurial spirit within them, and we hope our GoodVibes will reverberate around the world.”
Media Contact
Read Next
Two senior design teams publish reports on their brain-related projects in academic journals
Velda Wang is a co-lead author on the paper in Brain SciencesToday only! Use code BLACK15 on orders over $35 to get 15% off!
This 3D Illusion LED Giraffe Lamp will instantly melt away the stress you had to face at the office or the anger you had on the traffic jam outside.
Who says you need an expensive bed, light-colored wall paint, an aromatic diffuser and lush green plants in your bedroom to make it soothing?
Small, inexpensive items, when smartly selected, can impart the exact same effect.
So save your money and make your living space reassuring with this 3D Illusion LED Giraffe Lamp.
It will instantly melt away the stress you had to face at the office or the anger you had on the traffic jam outside.
3D illusion effect: The giraffe desk lamp is actually based on an acrylic plate that contains a giraffe drawn on it with the help of lines. When the LEDs shine on it, it gives an illusion of a 3D giraffe.
Beautiful color changing effect: The vintage giraffe lamp phases between 7 lamp shades; blue, yellow, pink, cyan, white, red, and green. You can use the button to change the colors and turn it on or off. There is an automatic color-changing feature as well. This feature makes it a great animal lamp for your kids.
Dual power source: It can either be powered by 3 AA batteries (not included) or an included USB cable. Being powered by LED technology makes it extremely energy-efficient. It only consumes 0.012 Kw per hour.
Perfect décor item: Place the LED Giraffe table lamp in your bedroom, office, living room, or lounge. It is a seamless blend of beauty and calmness.
Awe-worthy kids light: The giraffe lighting creates such a unique 3D illusion of the animal that your kids will be astonished at how cool it looks. This makes our LED lamp a perfect luminous choice for nursery or your baby’s bedroom.
Material: Acrylic
Creates 3D illusion effect
Cool giraffe light for kids room
Dual power source (USB & batteries)
Color-changing feature (7 colors)
Blend of beauty and reassurance
Shipping.
Most orders are processed the same day.
Estimated shipping time is 7 to 14 business days depending on where you are.
1-Year Money Back Guarantee. We stand behind everything we sell. You can return your purchase for a replacement or refund – no questions asked.You're Beautiful 15 oz Mug
1 review
/
Society has all these bullshit standards on how people look, live, etc. We think those standards are complete shit and utterly fucked. You're beautiful just the way you are. We are all different down the tiniest hair on our beauty. We want you to embrace the fuck out of it!
- The sublimated coffee mug features a large handle for an extremely comfortable grip while you enjoy your favorite beverage.
- Size: holds 15-oz.
- Handwash ONLY
- Do not put in the fucking dishwasher
This item is © Copyright and owned by Metal Marvels, LLC.✓ free for commercial use ✓ high quality images. 598000+ vectors, stock photos & psd files. We've gathered more than 5 million images uploaded by our users and sorted . Find over 100+ of the best free street images.
Download the perfect street pictures. Free for commercial use ✓ no attribution. Best street wallpaper, desktop background for any computer, laptop,. Cartoon city street wallpapers and background images for all your devices.
Pngtree provides you with 178 free city street hd background images, vectors, banners and wallpaper. Preview wallpaper street, neon, night city, backlight, purple, tokyo . Download for free 65+ cartoon city street wallpapers. Make your device cooler and more beautiful.
City Street Backgrounds. 598000+ vectors, stock photos & psd files. Use them in commercial designs under lifetime, . Make your device cooler and more beautiful.
All of these city street background resources are for city street background. Find an image of city to use in your next project.BusinessIT
September 29 2018
The Portuguese software development company is back to investing in Mozambique by promoting its cloud solution Masterway at the International Maputo Fair (FACIM).
Masterstrategy took the integrated management software that includes billing, commercial and financial management, accounting, POS and CRM functions in the cloud, to the largest business event held in the African country, with the aim of reaching Mozambican companies, particularly start-ups and SMEs.
The company, which is part of Sendys Group, is committed “to work on positioning as a softwarehouse”, says Fernando Amaral, CEO of Masterstrategy. “Mozambique is one of the most advanced, dynamic, demanding and promising African economies” and, as such, “creating engagement and top of mind with Mozambican businesspeople and other decision makers and strengthening existing relationships with different entities” is part of company’s strategy in the country. For the official, the presence at FACIM was a success: “The result of the participation is very positive, with a number of leads captured above what we expected, which is due to the dynamic, enthusiastic and committed way that we dedicated to our presence, which it was based on a stand at the Pavilhão de Portugal, where we shared our know-how with Mozambican businessmen”.
The Portuguese market represents 80% of Masterstrategy's turnover. Mozambique, on the other hand, is worth about 40% of the turnover of foreign markets in which it operates.
GROWTH PASSES THROUGH INTERNATIONALIZATION
Masterstrategy has offices in Lisbon, but the “Masterway solution is adapted to the markets of Angola, Mozambique and Cape Verde” as explained to businessIT, the company’s CEO. The success of the software is “its flexibility and mobility, which adapts to the new business models that are emerging” in African markets, the company said in a statement. In addition, Masterstrategy is present in “China and Brazil, where the company has representations through the software houses Sendys and Alidata”, adds Fernando Amaral. Regarding the internationalization process, the official says that “Masterstrategy is very focused on growth in international markets, especially in those where Sendys Group is already present. We estimate, at this moment, to achieve a marked growth in the coming years and that 60% of the business will come from the international market”.
Today, foreign markets represent 20% of the company’s turnover. In addition, the executive does not doubt the success of Masterstrategy, since “many organizations have part of their infrastructure in the cloud, and, in the near future, they will increasingly be the ones that will base their business entirely on the cloud”, the core business of the company.When looking for the best possible option to store your snowmobile, you need to make many considerations. The space available (outside and the inside), the number of sleds you have, the value of the sleds you have, where you ride regularly, the safety and other local regulations, your budget and other personal preferences.
Now you store the sled outside if you have space restrictions inside. This is also the cheapest possible storage space you could ask for. What you need is a good quality cover, or a tarp. You may need a pallet if you have more than one sled. In such cases, you may rack up the sleds in the pallet. However, there are many drawbacks of storing your sled outside. In most cases, there is high chance that you may need to dig the snowmobile out of the snow. This can lead to a lot of wear and tear to the sled and a lot of money being spent in the repair. Also, storing the sled outside is not so safe. A snowmobile parked in the snow may require prolonged warm up sessions. And the other main drawback is security issues. A snowmobile parked outside can easily be stolen and so it is good if you have full insurance coverage of your sled.
Another way to store the sled is to build a shelter for it. Now for this you can try the market available built in options or you can try making a custom based one yourself. Shelter provides better protection to your sled and may reduce snow damage to some point.
If you have to regularly move your sled to the trails by using a trailer, then it is better to house the sled in the trailer itself. They offer all round protection to the sled throughout the season. You can place other related accessories also. Imagine having two or more sleds and loading and unloading it every day. It is not an easy task. So if you have a trailer, you can keep your sleds inside the trailer itself ad you are good to go. It is better to have an enclosed trailer than the open one. An enclosed trailer provides good protection from the outside elements. You can still use an open trailer, but use a tarp to protect the sleds from snow, rain, etc.
In the above three cases, you may need to get the sled into the warehouse for be it repairing or for summer storage, you may need packaging solution. Clip Lok offers stackable package options in this scenario. They offer transport box for the snowmobiles which is stackable. The base of the box has clamps to strap the snowmobile so they remain fixed during the transportation. There is also a ramp for easy loading and unloading. So you can carry more sleds at a time to the warehouse. This method has proven to reduce the damage cost to the snowmobiles and also warehouse cost due to the stackable feature. You can check out the website to know more about this stackable snowmobile transportation system.
Now, that would be the case if you are housing the sled outside or away from your garage. The best possible way is to store the sled in your garage. So they are in close proximity and be less worried about the security of your sled. They are also protected from the outside elements. You can also repair them as and when needed. Also, the additional cost of transportation to the warehouse can be cut out. But, the problem here is that the sleds can take up more garage space and it may be difficult to move around them. The studs in the snowmobile can eve damage the garage floor.
There are many methods to address these issues. You can use snowmobile dollies to move around the sleds. But they may still leave the sled on the garage floor. Also, when having multiple sleds, the storage space issue is still not addressed. In such cases, the best method to store your sleds is the snowmobile rack system.
The snowmobile rack system offers vertical storage. So you can be sure that the space constraints are solved. You can maximize the storage options with minimizing the garage floor it utilizes. What more can you ask for? If you can simply lift one sled and make room for the other. The conventional ones have been made from wood with had winches. The latest models involve those built in steel and having electric winches which provides the additional easy of working with these storage systems. You can build one by using the storage system plans available in Pinterest and YouTube. They provide detailed explanation of how you can build one. Other option is buying the storage system from the companies building them. Some may provide you customizable options too. Some of the companies providing storage options are listed below.
Super Lift offers customizable options if you want to build one of your own. Their SNOWMOBILE 1000 Model has 1000lb lower and upper capacities with storage available for two snowmobiles. They have hand winch or electric winch option. They have easy loading ramp.
Brock Lift offers lift garage storage platforms for ATV, UTVs, Motorcycles, Dirt bikes and Snowmobiles. The Brock Lift 1100 has 1100lb capacity and 4ftX8ft platform. The motor has a power of 1.5HP. They have an all steel frame.
The other model is the Brock Lift2000 offering heavy duty 6ftX9ft platform and lifting up to 2000lbs with the 2HP motor. They can lift up to two ATVs or snowmobiles.
Freestyle Projects offers storage systems with aluminum body and 12V electric winch.
Garage Evolution offers storage system with lifting capacity of 1500lbs, constructed from industrial grade steel.
With these options, you can indeed save a lot of space and keep the sled protected throughout the year. The right choice of the storage depends on your individual preferences.$24 2Pcs OEM 10 Inch Big Z71 OFF Road Emblems Replacement for GMC Ch Automotive Exterior Accessories $24 2Pcs OEM 10 Inch Big Z71 OFF Road Emblems Replacement for GMC Ch Automotive Exterior Accessories
Features Premium quality car emblem logo replacement Color: As pictures show, different display will have a slight color difference. A meaningful and especially gift for your friends and families who are car lovers Exquisite design,transmit the endless fun in you life.Simple but outstanding car logo modelling
Installation Notes 1.Please use detergent or alcohol to clean the surface of the target and keep clean and dry, when the surface is dry, it can be pasted 2.Remove the other side of the adhesive,stick on the target location of the car 3.Press hard to ensure sufficient contact and wetting of the adhesive surface, make sure that the paste is dry and free of dust for optimum installation 4.Please do not wash your car and in touch with the large dust after installation for about 2 days
After-sales Service All products from Hoyang are guarantee to keep in good repair for 90 days, we promise 100% resend or refund if there have any quality issue happen in guarantee period.
Warm Tips: The product should not be exposed to high temperatures to prevent strong collisions and avoid friction with rough surfaces.1040 ES 2020 Estimated Tax Form – Form 1040 Tax Return is really a important IRS tax return form used by all US taxpayers to file their taxes in the year they are because of. The form calculates the taxable earnings of the taxpayer and then decides how much is payable or refunded to the government through taxes.
Form 1040 Tax Return is really a extremely easy form and it is generally prepared by people who are self-employed, working for his or her personal business, or a sole proprietor. The form was first produced in 1940 and the objective of it is to create it simpler for taxpayers to file and claim their tax payments. In order to make sure the accuracy of this form, you need to have it prepared by a professional, which is called a CPA.
The process of getting ready this form is simple but you will find many particulars that should be cautiously stuffed out if you want to become sure you are accurately getting ready your form. The most essential information on the 1040 form is the individual’s name, social security number (SSN), address, and the kind of company. Any company that you operate will require to checklist all the people you utilize so that you can include payroll costs in your return.
It is important to consider all your tax forms with you when you prepare your annual tax return. Make certain you deliver the right IRS forms, together with any tax returns that were filed previously year. If you have any tax debts that were not included in your gross earnings, then consist of those too. To be able to reduce the quantity of mistakes in your return, you may also want to get assist from an accountant which will help you complete the whole form properly.
The last component of finishing your tax forms would be to mail them to the IRS at the address provided around the instructions on the form. When mailing your tax documents, consist of the correct postage fees with them so you don’t have to pay for more than you need to.
When getting ready your form, be sure you understand all the requirements for the form before you start. This may prevent any problems down the road and will maintain you from having to send the incorrect form. Numerous of these requirements are available around the IRS website. You can also get an online tax manual that will assist you to understand this complicated form.Date of closure: 14th August 2016
Address (for reference only):
Mecca Bingo
High Street
Bromwich
B70 8NS
A purpose built modern club, Bromwich Mecca Bingo closed in August 2016 as the venue had become unviable economically. The club had not been making money for several years, so owners Mecca Bingo took the move of closing it whilst offering replacement jobs to many of their staff in other clubs and casinos.)Hey Vancouverites,
If you don’t live in Vancouver, this post may not be very useful to you. But I mean, if you’re going to come by for a visit, keep reading!
Yesterday my friend and I met for dinner at this wonderful little place.
There are no signs hinting at the fact that this isn’t an abandoned, sketchy alley of some sort. As you can see, I was quite hesitant to go down the stairs since I still couldn’t actually see the restaurant itself at this point.
Adjusting to the darkness inside from the gorgeous sunny day I had just ditched in favour of this this place, I was blind. I heard someone say “Hello there!” to me inside, and I responded with “Hi… I have a friend at the patio?” She told me to go straight then turn left. I did that, following the light from the back of the dark bar area I was in. Turning left, I realized I had entered an abandoned parking lot. Very confused.
But then I saw that to my right there was a little closed off area! And then I finally found my friend.
The Narrow Lounge is a neat little secret. Their decor is very unique, and their indoors and outdoors space gives off very different vibes. You can order beer by the buckets, or have they whip up a nice cocktail for you! Their food was also very good. I was starving by the time I got here and I ordered the pulled pork sandwich with potato wedges. My friend had the chicken taco (“Everything about these tacos tastes so right.”). If you’re looking for a new, neat place to eat, I’d definitely recommend at least going to The Narrow Lounge at least once!
- The patio drinks menu
- Our virgin drinks 🙂
- A shrine next to the bar
- Me with the pretty decor around the patio
- Pulled pork bun and chicken taco
Later on, maybe due to my complaints of being very full, my friend suggested we walked to the cinemas instead. Since the lounge was located near Main and Terminal, it meant we could have a lovely walk around False Creek to get downtown. I think it was that walk that suddenly made me think about how gorgeous Vancouver is. Walking by Science World also brought back memories to when my parents got a family pass for us when I was about 7 years old. I want to go back so bad. I don’t care that most of the things in there are designed for younger kids. I want to play with all the neat sciencey contraptions!
– KarenThis at-home cholesterol test is for anyone who is monitoring their cholesterol or who is interested in learning about their current levels. It’s a convenient cholesterol check that gives you easy-to-understand results for 3 key measures of cholesterol, plus triglycerides.
Cholesterol and Lipids Test
$49.00
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Curb Your Enthusiasm: Larry's as Upset as You are Over Season 11 Order
While it would be easy to focus on the success HBO had had with its recent run of new series like Watchmen, Euphoria, The Outsider, and Perry Mason, we're pretty sure the old, funny curmudgeon in the corner over there would make it a point of reminding us that he's not going anywhere. And that he's hungry but can figure out what he wants, or something like that. That's right, the cable giant announced on Tuesday that viewers will have Larry David (Seinfeld) to kick around for at least one more season, with Curb Your Enthusiasm set to return for an eleventh season (and putting it over the "100th episode" mark).
Series creator David will executive produce along with Jeff Garlin, Jeff Schaffer, and Gavin Polone, with Laura Streicher co-executive producing and Jon Hayman serving as a consulting producer. Joining David for the tenth season were David, Garlin, Susie Essman, Cheryl Hines, Richard Lewis, J.B. Smoove, and Ted Danson, with most if not all expected to return. While still too early for a specific premiere window, viewers should pencil in 2021 for the show's return.
HBO has pretty much given David and the team the keys to the cable network, stating in the past that the series would have a home there for however long the CYE crew wants to continue the series. "This past season tapped into the zeitgeist in such an uncomfortably delightful way," explained Amy Gravitt, Executive Vice President, HBO Programming. "Larry is already busy writing, and we can't wait to see what he has in store." Considering David's on-screen need to suffer in order to live, viewers shouldn't be looking for that ending any time soon: "Believe me, I'm as upset about this as you are. One day I can only hope that HBO will come to their senses and grant me the cancellation I so richly deserve."What We Do
Made for you
Each garment is made from scratch to your measurements and your preferred style.
Highest Quality
All Luxire garments are made to the best of global standards using premium material. Will continue satisfying your for a long time
Awesome Customer Service
Real designers work with you to advise on style and fit so that you look your best, Whatever the occasion
Premium Clothing & personalized service -We bring together classic design and the best in tailoring workmanship to a fulfilling clothing experience: all for an honest price.
TESTIMONIALS
Happy SchnapperWip brahms clarinet quintet sheet music for clarinet, violin, viola, cello download free in pdf or midi. Cello, chamber ensemble, clarinet, piano, viola sheet music book by johannes brahms 18331897. The trio for clarinet, cello and piano in a minor, op. For 20 years we provide a free and legal service for free sheet music without asking you anything in exchange.
Full score and parts for brahmss piano trio in a minor op 114. Brahms, johannes clarinet trio 3rd movement sheet music for clarinet trio pdf. Trio for piano, clarinet and cello in a minor, op 114 brahms from. This page lists all sheet music of clarinet trio in a minor, op. Recorded live in alice tully hall on january 24, 2016. Igor fedorov clarinet, francoise groben cello, sergey koudryakov piano. Brahms wrote a number of major works for orchestra, including two serenades, four symphonies, two piano concertos no. After hearing meiningen clarinetist richard muhlfeld in 1890, brahms was stimulated to write four great works for this musician and his instrument. Brahms clarinet quintet sheet music for clarinet, violin.
Trio in a minor for clarinet, cello, and piano, op. Trio in a minor for clarinet, cello, and piano, op 114, 1891, i. Hungarian dance, based on a hungarian csardas, arranged for trio of clarinet, violin and cello. Johannes brahms free sheet music to download in pdf, mp3. Sonatas for piano and clarinet by johannes brahms and. The first movement is shortened by about half the original length, the second and third movements by a third. Allegro mp3 performed by paul pitman piano, bangeun lee cello, michael arnold clarinet creative commons attribution share alike 3. If you use and like, thank you to consider support donation. Brahms, johannes clarinet trio in a minor, op 114 clarinet violin or viola, cello and piano. Our purchased sheet music is high resolution and can be enlarged without any reduction in quality. Instead, the music gathers force and brings the work to an end of altogether symphonic weight. Juan enric lluna, clarinet lluis claret, cello josep colom, piano. Extra information arranged for viola, cello and piano by brahms, 189192.560 1351 964 1008 92 162 368 910 1264 1335 72 339 413 198 165 158 718 1145 1189 301 1595 194 382 209 1024 1346 638 1078 986 392 45 1329 347 1035 1295 948 1461 554 1465 528 389 605 335 492 1148 1180 52 508Prosecutors: Prof killed boyfriend as part of sexual fantasy.
An Illinois prosecutor shared disturbing new details about the July 27 slaying, describing to the court how Trenton James Cornell-Duranleau, the 26-year-old boyfriend of since-fired microbiology professor Wyndham Lathem, was stabbed 70 times at Lathem’s Chicago condo and with such brutality that he was nearly decapitated. His throat was slit and pulmonary artery torn.
Lathem, 46, had communicated for months before with Andrew Warren, 56, about “carrying out their sexual fantasies of killing others and then themselves,” Natosha Toller, an assistant Cook County state’s Attorney, told the court. While the prosecutor used the plural in talking about the alleged fantasy to kill, she did not say there were other victims.
Judge Adam Bourgeois Jr. at one point shook his head in apparent disgust as he listened to the prosecutor offer a chilling narrative of the slaying. He later deemed both men potentially dangerous and flight risks, ordering them to remain in jail pending trial on first-degree murder charges.
“The heinous facts speak for themselves,” he said.
Lathem and Warren — a British citizen employed as a financial official at the Oxford, England, university — were dressed in their own clothes Sunday at their first court appearance in Chicago. They stood calmly, their hands behind their backs, as the prosecutor and judge spoke.
Lathem paid for Warren’s ticket to travel to the United States and he picked Warren up at Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport a few days before the killing, the prosecutor said. On July 26, one day before the killing, Lathem booked a room for Warren near the condo, Toller said.
Cornell-Duranleau, a Michigan native, had been asleep in Lathem’s high-rise Chicago condo when Lathem let Warren into the 10th-floor unit around 4:30 a.m. on July 27 — treading carefully so as not to wake the victim. As Warren stood in a doorway, Lathem crept up to Cornell-Duranleau and began plunging a 6-inch drywall saw knife into his chest and neck, Toller said.
Lathem had told Warren to take video of the killing using his cellphone, but Warren did not end up recording it, the prosecutor said.
When Cornell-Duranleau awoke, he began screaming and fought back; Lathem yelled at Warren, asking him to help subdue Cornell-Duranleau, the prosecutor said.
Warren ran over to cover the victim’s mouth, then struck him in the head with a heavy lamp in an attempt to silence him, Toller said. As Lathem continued to stab the victim, Warren left the room and returned with two kitchen knives, she said.
Warren bent over Cornell-Duranleau and joined Lathem in stabbing him, the prosecutor said. At one point, the victim bit Warren’s hand as he struggled to fight off the attack.
She said the victim’s last words were to Lathem: “Wyndham, what are you doing?”
While prosecutors said Lathem and Warren had concocted a plan to kill themselves after the stabbing, Toller did not say why they never followed through with it.
After showering, Lathem and Warren left the apartment an hour after the stabbing began, the prosecutor said. They surrendered to California authorities on Aug. 4 after an eight-day manhunt and were recently returned to Illinois.
The stab wounds to Cornell-Duranleau included 21 to the chest and abdomen, and 26 in the back, as well as multiple cuts on his hands. Cornell-Duranleau’s lungs were also both punctured, and there were wounds to his colon, spleen and liver.
After leaving the apartment and renting a car, Lathem on the same day left an anonymous $5,610 donation — in cash — at the Howard Brown Health Center in Chicago in the name ‘Cornell-Duranleau.’ They then drove to Lake Geneva, Wisconsin, and, 13 hours after the first payment, Lathem went to its public library and wrote a $1,000 check as a donation, also in the victim’s name, the prosecutor said.
Toller said Lathem, while on the run, sent a video message to his parents and friends, admitting to the killing and telling them “he is not the person people thought he was.”
Lathem’s lawyer, Barry Sheppard, said in a brief statement to reporters after the hearing that people shouldn’t “engage in a rush to judgment.” He said his client had led “a life of unblemished ... citizenship,” which included academic work on the bubonic-plague virus.
Warren spoke briefly when the judge asked if he wanted a British diplomatic office to be in contact. “No,” Warren said. For the bond hearing, Warren relied on a public defender, who did not comment later.
The judge set a Tuesday hearing for the men, when another judge will be assigned to oversee the criminal case. Both would have a chance to enter pleas at a later arraignment.
__
Follow Michael Tarm on Twitter at .Maxi Cosi colour 2021
Always have your own bed with you- who doesn´t want that? The Maxi Cosi travel cot Iris, at least allows your little darling to dream of having the own bed when travelling. In the cosy bed, your sweetheart will have guaranteed a good sleep on your travels. It doesn´t matter whether you are travelling with your newborn baby or with your older darling, the mattress of the travel cot can be flexibly adjusted between two levels. In the high level, you can put your newborn to sleep without to having to bend down deeply. If your darling is a little bigger, you can simply lower the mattress one level. The high outer walls with their large mesh windows not only prevent your child from climbing out of the bed, they also ensure good ventilation and give you a clear view of your sleeping sweetheart. The included cosy mattress lets your darling relax like sleeping on a cloud.
Particularly practical: you can easily fold up the Iris travel cot in just a few minutes and store it in the portable travel bag. Thanks to its light weight, the Maxi Cosi travel cot is particularly easy to carry and give you a high degree of mobility. In addition, the cloth elements are easy to remove and washable.
The Maxi Cosi travel cot Iris is also perfect as a second bed. The simple, beautiful colours and the high-quality workmanship make the Maxi Cosi travel cot Iris to a special eye-catcher.
Features of the Maxi Cosi travel cot:
Garantie Info: Auf die Kindersitze, Kinderwagen und Zubehör von Maxi Cosi gibt es eine Maxi Cosi Garantie.
* mandatory field
I have read the data protection information.Make Money Mondays [late]: Tips for Generating Business While Waiting on a Long Line
This past Monday, I showed up bright and early at the United States Supreme Court hoping for a seat to view the argument in this case where my clients filed an amicus brief . Knowing that I would have considerable wait time, I tried to come up with ideas on how to spend it productively. After all, since I wasn’t arguing the case, I didn’t really need to review the briefs. Nor could I use the wait time to return phone calls since the line formed so early and most of my clients or colleagues wouldn’t yet be available. Sure, I could have plugged in my headphones and turned on an audio book or buried myself in my Facebook feed – but I could partake in those activities anytime
So what could I do to maximize use of time spent on line? Here’s what I came up with.
Video Dispatches Anticipating that I’d be waiting outside the courthouse, I originally planned on recording mini-news style videos and FaceTime lives to provide updates on the case and the pipeline work that I do. Video is a great way to make use of that kind of downtime and helps viewrs feel as if they’re part of the action.
Unfortunately, in my case, my video plan never came to pass because just a few minutes after arriving at the Court, I was ushered inside for the bar members’ line where video recording wasn’t permitted. Likewise, I’d hoped to squeeze in a few recordings after I left but instead, met up with my clients who had traveled three hours to the Court. Still, video remains a good use of line waiting time and I hope I have a second chance to give it a try.
Twitter Dispatch Tweeting while waiting online is practically a no-brainer. If you’re on a line where you can share your location and details of a case without breaching confidentiality, by all means do so as you may attract attention from potential clients and reporters following the matter. If you can’t disclose location or subject-matter, you can use the line time more generally to catch up with social media postings – and for me, Twitter and/or Facebook are the easiest to engage through a phone.
Write a Post Mortem After the case is over, chances are you’ll want to summarize the argument for a blog post or newsletter. You can use the wait time to start an outline of an article, jot down notes, document first hand impressions that you can later incorporate into your story. In other words, you can use the wait time to get a jump start on your eventual post-mortem of the events.
Brand Yourself Lines are a great place to display brand. If you have a neat coffee cup, striking bag or other branded swag, wear it proudly online because someone might ask you about it – or remember it later on if they’re trying to think of the name of a law firm. And if you’re really ambitious, you could pass out snacks on line branded with your logo. Who doesn’t like a little food during a long wait?
Strike Up A Conversation OK – this one is so very old school but striking up a conversation just plain works. So as I stood on line, I looked for opportunities to chat with others, opening up the conversation by asking them about their interest in the case. I wound up talking to a former FERC Commissioner whom I’d known for years but had never met and ran into a frequent opponent in my appellate gas cases. We caught up on the issues, discussed the cases and I followed up with a short thank and request for referrals after. Two more seeds planted.
Just Show Up All of us are busy and it’s tough to make time to appear at an argument that’s important for your industry or one of your colleagues. And these days, so many arguments – though not at SCOTUS – can be heard contemporaneously online so there’s little reason to occupy your morning with a physical trip. But sometimes just showing up to wait on a line to attend can be the best opportunity of all.
As a young lawyer, I’d court watch all the time and introduce myself afterwards to the superstars in my field. But even now, thirty years into my career, I still benefit from face time. In this instance, on the way out of the court, I ran into one of the leaders in the pipeline landowner opposition and said hello. I know that the fact that I took the time to show up for this case reinforces my credibility in the landowner community. Plus, I also snagged the benefit of a photo opp – a photographer hired by one of the non-profits that does this work snapped a few pictures of me which can be useful for my social media posts or newsletter.
By the way, these tips don’t just apply to lines for professional activities like hearings. You can make use of wait time similarly whether you’re on vacation with your family at Disney, hoping to snag cheap Broadway show tickets at the TKTS booth in Times Square or simply on a daily pick up line at your kids school.
Most of us groan at the thought of waiting on a long line. And while I don’t always have the time to wait, when I don’t have a choice, why let a good long line go to waste?
What are some of your line waiting business development ideas? Post your comments below.While the print here is small, and the price rather high for all that color printing, this graphic non-fiction would be a great gift for someone you know (12 and up) that loves nature, and is fascinated by Biology, Entomology, Conservation, Sociobiology, or Natural Science. This book is poised to stimulate a new generation to make discoveries about the natural world around us, but also pleases armchair explorers and adventurers such as myself. We need good ecology in order to survive!
This memoir follows Pulitzer Prize winning author and scientist Edward O. Wilson through childhood and then throughout his interesting career. Wilson was a geeky kid that collected ants and snakes, and ended up a professor at Harvard, traveling the world having exciting adventures all as part of his work. He was a good observer as most scientists are, and was a proponent of bio-diversity because he was concerned about the extinction of species.
The science Wilson did is made accessible to laymen like me (or your young friends) through this readably approachable, graphic memoir. Make no mistake, there is a lot of content here, and at 240 pages, it is not light or skimpy at all. It is involved and will take you a while to read, but the pictures handily supplement the text. You will understand things you didn’t before, and you’ll be glad you read it. I think it would be very inspiring to a young teenager that loves the outdoors to realize they can make a compelling career out of that. It would be wonderful in classrooms or for homeschooling too.
I enjoyed this (advance reader’s edition) a ton more than I thought I might, and now I want others to read it too! Hot off the press, it has only been out for a month. I give it five stars. I hope you give Naturalist: A Graphic Adaptation as a gift both to yourself and the naturalists around you.
1 Comment
Good one to get kids out into Nature (and awaaay from their screens!!).
Thank you, as always.
Happy Weekend!ney at 6.00 am on November 1 with no border or quarantine restrictions for incoming passengers who are fully vaccinated. QF1 (Sydney to London via Darwin) was the first Qantas International flight to depart out of Sydney at 6.30 pm on November 1.
While the national carrier has flown hundreds of Federal Government repatriation flights during the COVID-19 pandemic, and operated under a temporary border bubble arrangement with New Zealand earlier this year, these are the first regular Qantas international passenger flights after the Australian and NSW governments relaxed restrictions on overseas travel.
All passengers on Qantas International flights are required to be fully vaccinated, unless they are under 12 years old, are 12-17-year-olds traveling to Australia with their family or guardian, or have an exemption.
Initial flights are limited to Australian citizens, permanent residents, and their immediate families and parents in line with Federal Government requirements.
CEO comments
Qantas Group CEO Alan Joyce said: “This day has been a long time coming for our people and our customers. It’s wonderful to see Australians able to reunite with loved ones after such a long time apart.
“It’s been a very challenging time for our international crew, with many of them standing down since March 2020. We are in the process of standing up our Australian-based team members who are excited to get back to doing what they love.
 travelers.
“International travel may be a little different for a while with some new requirements and guidelines in place, but one thing that hasn’t changed is Qantas’ commitments to safety and premium service. We are absolutely thrilled to welcome everyone back on board.”.”
Qantas will operate international flights between Sydney and London and Los Angeles from November 1, with flights to other destinations relaunching in the coming weeks.E
O
2022
Flexible Benefits Open Enrollment
Health BenefitsOpen Enrollment
More Information
Enroll Now
More Information
Enroll Now
Benefit Guide
The State Employees' Health Insurance Plan (SEHIP) is basic hospital medical coverage administered by BlueCross BlueShield of Alabama (BCBS)
with prescription benefits administered by OptumRx. This plan is offered to state employees who do not have OGHI coverage available through
a spouse, other employer or previous employer. It is intended to help you and your covered dependents pay for healthcare costs. This option requires:
More Info
The following plans are available to state employees when they have Other Group Health Insurance (OGHI) available through a spouse, other
employer or previous employer:
The Premium Cash Option (PCO) is a premium-only Health Reimbursement Arrangement (HRA) administered by ConnectYourCare and
funded solely by the State of Alabama to reimburse full-time, active State employees for eligible Other Group Health Insurance (OGHI) premiums.
You may not enroll in the PCO if your Other Group Health Insurance (OGHI) is with the SEHIP, Medicaid, Medicare, or the Marketplace.
Members enrolled in the PCO can disenroll and return to the SEHIP on the first day of any month.
The State Employees’ Insurance Board Optional Insurance Plan (Optional Plan) provides dental, vision, cancer,
and hospital indemnity coverage, all-in-one. This Plan is administered by Southland Benefit Solutions (Southland)
and is offered at no cost to you. Participants may elect individual or family coverage. This option provides
the following great benefits:
You may not enroll in the Optional Plan if your Other Group Health Insurance (OGHI) is with the SEHIP or Medicaid.
If you are an active employee and your primary coverage is TRICARE, you are not eligible for the Optional Plan.
After 12 months in the Optional Plan, members can disenroll and return to the SEHIP during Open Enrollment.
The State Employees’ Supplemental Coverage Plan (Supplemental Plan) is administered by Blue Cross Blue Shield of Alabama.
If you enroll in coverage through an eligible employer group health plan, you can opt out of the SEHIP and elect
supplemental coverage through the SEIB, at no charge. The SEIB Supplemental Plan will cover most of your out-of-pocket
expenses that your primary Other Group Health Insurance (OGHI) does not cover 100%.
You may not enroll in the Supplemental Plan if your Other Group Health Insurance (OGHI) is with the SEHIP, Public Education Employees Health Insurance Program (PEEHIP),
Local Government Health Insurance Program (LGHIP), the Marketplace, TRICARE, Medicaid or Medicare.
Other Group Health Insurance (OGHI) plans with an in-network deductible higher than $1,400 for individual or $2,800 for family coverage are not eligible.
Members enrolled in the Supplemental Plan can disenroll and return to the State Employees’ Health Insurance Plan (SEHIP) on the first day of any month.
State employees have the option to decline all health coverage options offered through the SEIB.
If you are enrolled in one of the Stand-alone policies and select this option, your coverage will continue
for the Stand-alone policy unless you submit a separate Enrollment/Cancellation Form (IB21).Apple MacBook Pro Core i7-2640M Dual-Core 2.8GHz 4GB 500GB DVD±RW 13.3" Notebook (Late 2011) - B Grade
Apple MacBook Pro 13.3" Notebook
Features/Specifications:
- Apple MacBook Pro Core i7-2640M 2.8GHz 13.3-inch Notebook
- General Features:
- All aluminum design
- macOS Lion 10.7 pre-installed
- Intel Core i7-2640M 2.8 GHz dual-core processor w/Hyper-Threading
- Max Turbo Frequency: 3.5 GHz
- 4 GB DDR3 RAM
- 500 GB hard)
- Weight: 4.5 lbs.
Package Includes:
- Apple MacBook Pro 13.3-inch Notebook
- macOS Lion version 10.7[15-10-2015] – On 28-29 October 2015, the Division of Electoral Assistance and Census of the Council of Europe organises the plenary meeting of the Ad hoc Committee of Experts on legal, operational and technical standards for e-voting (CAHVE).
The mandate of the Ad hoc Committee is to update the Recommendation Rec(2004)11 of the Committee of Ministers to member States on legal, operational and technical standard for e-voting. While the Recommendation remains the only legal standards in the field of e-voting worldwide, the fast development of information technologies require a thorough revision in order keep pace with these technologies and societal developments over time.
During the meeting, high-level national delegates from election management bodies of Council of Europe member States will debate on the scope and format of the updated Recommendation. Representatives from the Venice Commission, the Parliamentary Assembly and the Congress of Local and Regional Authorities, as well as from Council of Europe intergovernmental bodies, international organisations, civil society and academia will also participate in the event. The Ad hoc Committee is expected to come-up with an updated Recommendation already in 2016.
Source; Council of Europe
By
Robert Williams
Editor in Chief
News24.7WorldPress
You must log in to post a comment.On January 13, 2017 the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) posted a State Informational Bulletin encouraging states to adopt strategies to improve dual eligible beneficiaries’ access to Durable Medical Equipment (DME). The Bulletin addresses a serious and persistent obstacle to obtaining DME faced by people dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid in many states because of the mismatch of processing rules in the two programs..
The CMS Bulletin addresses these serious obstacles to needed equipment and outlines strategies for states to employ in order to improve timely DME access. The CMS Bulletin states that if Medicare does not allow for prior authorization of certain items, then the state Medicaid agency should do so as the means to prevent blocked access for duals to DME covered under Medicaid. The CMS Bulletin also reminds states that a recently amended regulation, 42 CFR §440.70, codifies long-standing agency policy that Medicaid must cover appropriate medical supplies, equipment and appliances suitable for use in any setting in which normal life activities take place, other than inpatient settings. The Bulletin states that coverage cannot be limited to the home setting, as long as the other coverage requirements are met.
The Center for Medicare Advocacy (Center) has been working in coalition with other advocacy organizations on behalf of dually eligible beneficiaries to obtain access to DME. In response to a request from CMS for information regarding DME access issues faced by individuals who are dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid, the Center organized a sign-on letter submitted to CMS in August of 2016. The letter, signed by almost 80 organizations, stressed the logistical problems created by Medicare and Medicaid processing rules that lead to barriers in accessing needed care that individuals who are on only Medicaid or Medicare do not have. The Center applauds CMS for responding to these issues, and for taking action to improve access to DME for this vulnerable population.
The Center urges state advocates to press for application of the Bulletin. Then, please contact Center Attorney Kata Kertesz at kkertesz@medicareadvocacy.org, to update us about whether the Bulletin is improving DME access for dually eligible beneficiaries in your state.The speculation for any Marijuana Eater pruner located your guy out of your doing nyIon bristles of an intelligent motor vehicle wash. Although considering this specific modeI’azines motor, you’re also very likely to additionally discover the nation’s massive electric power reservoir. Meant for smaller sized and building plots involved with property connected with landscape, it’south very much significantly better to employ a guide book lawn edger and also long-handled shears in order to prevent the undesirable weeds from exploding and then keep your sod with order. Consequently, once and for good, your Husqvarna 128LChemical is a luxury value actually, generally at the time thinking about that model’erinarians terrific range of benefits. Replica the Saint. Augustine plant food approach all a few months up to the point 6 a couple of months older. When the E is viewed by just anyone Augustine sod has good health, heavy, rising sod attempt to, it’s a indication in top-quality boob cope with, remarkable tearing and even suited fertilizing.
Our great electric power to help resale cutting tool will be Ryobi RBC1226I Electrical energy 2-inside of-1 Clean Second-hand cutter. Your Violet Most Dr Go walking how to water new sod Behind Comb Cutter effective Curly hair lightly brush Saw blade apparatus is surely an valuable two-in-one supplement you can use when the two a good tender as well as a trimmer. And even obtain appropriate in place a DIY acquire test drive devices and also seek out in the open what you long for to make sure you put into play to your own get to present the right ecosystem with regards to your St. Augustine to help you selection. Your best professional-grade clean blades is often as a great deal since $600. An additional budget-friendly pot eater now using this type of supplying out of Extravagant Tease Power.
Nevertheless you should utilize any second hand cutter with various resources a handful of for the reason that edgers and then trimmers, it is only works with many other Makita equipment, that is unfortunate. Prize: Any a wide range of multipurpose competent weed eater. St. Augustine sod needs to develop into intended together with planned and planted simply because forage, plugs or even sprigs. A result of desire designed for absolute energy, there can be mostly no crepe collaboration run or else cord less electrical energy cleanse blades. This particular fauna on the style are prepared for what you have during it. It will probably be thereby very much notably over a basic comb out ship’s boat machine.
That’s why you must pick the best professionaI lightly brush pinnace for one’s Iand. When they’re older that’azines considering that probably the very best electric utility electric battery programs problems to maintain the actual electrical power involves of one’s to help second-hand cutter. All of these heavy job devices is often run for expanded time frames without having becoming a fire hazard or possibly supporting better, only so that you can usually restore all the string. As soon as enjoying a absolute best online business filter eater, you are looking for to see around decreasing size, extra fat, battery pack Iife, together with abscission area. Choking coil the actual powerplant along with initiate your resale cutter. While expanding a large outlay, you would like to try to just be sure you are becoming the top your hair sweep blade device on your landscaping, village and garden.
All of these marijuana people achieve an amazing build up bit of weeds not to mention small amount of to be able to mid-size metres, however practically all electric batteries avoid very last lengthier compared to 45 towards 60 small a few minutes in advance of may be turn out to be recharged. All of us will even exchange the actual property tongue with an all new old fashioned cutting head with selection at a discount challenging jobs. This kind of herbicide could influence along with destroy Crab louse lawn, Foxtail , Night Primrose, Jump Trefoil, Knotweed, 0xalis, Chickweed several more. Since meeting your goal essentially utilised some sort of rinse out resale used vinyl cutter will confirm, tiny is usually whole lot more really important in comparison to the equipment’ohydrates style.Vitamins have so much to do with the properly-being of a person. Vitamin D is important for a wholesome bone structure, a powerful immune system, and wholesome cell reproduction. In pregnant ladies, it is required for the event of the fetus, however vitamin D is not only present in foods. The physique can produce it by itself from sure environmental elements, so an insufficient intake can result in a vitamin deficiency.
A vitamin is a naturally occurring organic molecule that an organism requires in very small quantities for its normal perform. However, essential nutrients can’t be synthesized by the physique, both in enough quantities or not in any respect, and so should be supplied through the weight loss plan. Most vitamins and minerals are water soluble and can simply get eradicated by the colon, so that they must be consumed usually so as to take care of good health.
The main vitamins – A, B, C, D, and E – are water-soluble and are transported to the liver for disposal. The opposite vitamins and minerals are insoluble and must be taken in by the meals that has been eaten. There are additionally some minerals, akin to these present in certain vegetables and meats, that aren’t water soluble and have to be taken in micronutrients by means of the digestive course of. Some minerals, including a few of the B vitamins, must be fortified with a view to be absorbed; therefore, the need to take additional vitamins and minerals.
There are numerous various kinds of vitamins, and each kind is further, called the macronutrients. There are 4 normal ranges of values for these macronutrients, starting from smallest to largest.
The purpose of vitamins is to offer the body with the substances that it needs to function properly. The listing of vitamins incorporates the entire substances obligatory to maintain a healthy body structure and function. A vitamin deficiency could cause a wide range of issues, including loss of life, for the reason that vitamins that an individual requires to survive can not at all times be present in a traditional eating regimen. Vitamins work correctly when they’re current in ample quantities in the body.
Vitamin supplements can be used to change the vitamins or minerals that a person just isn’t getting of their every day food regimen. However, there are numerous foods that include vitamins E and C, which can’t be replaced by nutritional supplements. For these substances, it’s believed that antioxidants present the wanted safety. Antioxidants provide safety in opposition to free radicals that can harm cells. Free radicals are created by eating too many unhealthy foods. Foods will also be contaminated with harmful contaminants comparable to pesticides and industrial chemicals.
Some vitamins are thought-about to be over-the-counter products. Which means they aren’t regulated under the provisions of the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act. These over-the-counter merchandise could have small quantities of the nutrients that they claim to include. As well as, some vitamins are over-classified by sure organizations as over-credentialed, meaning that they are not intended to have a therapeutic effect. A vitamin B7 complement that has been categorized as an over-classification shall be listed within the United States as a vitamin meant to treat most cancers.
Fat-soluble vitamins might be divided into two major classes: the coagulation vitamins, that are necessary to ensure that bleeding of the blood is diminished; and the insufficiency vitamins, that are vital for the absorption of another nutrients. A vitamin equivalent to A1C can be utilized for each functions, for example, when you find yourself experiencing a lack of hair. The sort of vitamin consists of the B vitamins, that are vital for wholesome pores and skin and nerves; the C vitamins, which are vital for wholesome blood cells; and the folic acid vitamins, which protect the guts from cardiovascular diseases. The fats soluble vitamins are due to this fact essential to keep your physique functioning properly.
For those who have any queries with regards to where as well as tips on how to work with visit the up coming website, you possibly can email us from our own site.
Even more guidelines from suggested publishers:
Click the up coming internet site
mouse click on supplementjp.com
Mouse click the next internet page.
Browse "the best of the best" Federal Government publications as chosen by leading librarians of the Notable Documents Panel of the American Libraries Association (ALA) Government Documents Round Table (GODORT) Publications Committee.."
Browse our collection of publications about tobacco use, alcoholism and drug abuse, from statistics to studies to treatment.Tips for Hiring a Furnace Humidifier Parts Dealer
Having a humidifier in your home will help maintain a healthy humidity level. Having the right humidity level will help protect the health of your family, as well as your home’s structure from the effects caused by dry air. It will also help enhance the overall comfort. If you are looking for furnace humidifier parts, you have to ensure that you get them from the right dealer. If you want to choose the best, make sure that you follow the tips below.
You should choose a dealer who can offer quality parts. We all know that furnace humidifiers need to be made of the best parts and that is why you have to consider the quality of the materials. Before you can make the final choice, you have to know how durable the arts are. As long as you choose parts made of durable and strong material, you are going to have your humidifier running for many years without any issues. Moreover, choose a dealer who can offer a warranty. This gives you peace of mind because you know that if anything goes wrong, the dealer will replace the parts at no additional costs, provided that it is within the warranty period.
You have to work the number of years that the dealer has been handling furnace humidifier parts. When you want to choose someone to do any kind of work, you have to be sure that he or she has the relevant experience. This gives you the assurance of good services. A furnace humidifier parts dealer is no exception; he or she should possess the right experience because that would be the only way for him or her to provide you with the best parts. The one who has been in the industry for some time, say five to ten years, has understood all the parts and what clients want, meaning that he or she will apply the knowledge acquired to give you the best.
It would be good to compare the prices. You should not accept just any price for the parts you want. This means that you should approach different furnace humidifier parts dealers and ask them to provide you with a quotation. Go ahead and compare what different providers have to offer and decide what you can afford. The most important thing is to get the best parts at a good price and that is why you have to get estimates. When a certain furnace humidifier parts dealer offers a high price, it is either the parts are top-notch or he or she is trying to exploit customers. Learning to tell the difference will help you make the right decision.
The furnace humidifier parts dealer you choose should be licensed to handle furnace humidifier parts. This tends to show that he or she is trained for the job, meaning that you can expect the best from him or her. Ensure that the license is valid. He or she can guide you through the available parts and ensure that you are choosing the best.
Study: My Understanding of
The Path To Finding BetterBased in Brazil, UniDombosco University Center offer bachelor’s degrees and postgraduate programs fully taught in Portuguese, including:
- Accounting
- Architecture
- Engineering
- Nursing
Browse graduate and postgraduate courses for more information about curriculum, careers and applications.
Follow UniDombosco University Center on Facebook, Linkedin and Instagram for more info about the university and its students.Evidence shows the mass congregation of Haitian migrants camped under the International Bridge across the US-Mexico border in Texas previously lived and worked in Latin American countries as refugees, mainly Chile and Brazil. They generally had access to housing and gainful employment, but decided to move to the US for opportunity there.
According to The Daily Mail, Todd Bensman, an expert who works for the Center for Immigration Studies said, "None of these Haitians are from Haiti. None of them. These Haitians are all from Chile and Brazil."
"When Biden got in, word went out and they decided, we're coming now. That was the decision point. I've interviewed 60 to 70 Haitians over the last year and it's always the same story – Joe Biden opened the border so we decided we could upgrade our lifestyle."
"I interviewed a guy an hour ago who said he was living in Brazil and making good money but he said he heard everyone was getting into America so he came."
Bensman reportedly also shared an image with the Daily Mail of Chilean national ID cards that he had collected. They were apparently discarded by Haitians who crossed into US territory and proceeded to lay on the ground around Ciudad Acuna, a border town across the river from Del Rio, Texas.
Bensman also mentioned this area was chosen by many in recent days because they found nobody from Mexican cartel groups controlled the area and charged people to cross the border.
Overwhelmed US Border Agents contend with over 14,000 migrants camped under the international bridge – with reports of tens of thousands more migrants on the way.
Bensman – [although] I'm sure you can find a coyote here if you need one."
Border apprehensions are up nearly 500 percent from last year, totaling more than 1.3 million — more people than the populations of nine US states.
Approximately 9,700 illegal apprehensions have prior criminal convictions, with cartels and traffickers making $14 million a day moving people illegally across the border.
"People just cross on their own and make their way into the US without paying anyone. You'll pay further south in Texas but if you come through here, you pay nothing," said Bensman.
"It's cheaper. It's a lot cheaper. It's life-changing cheaper."Are you torn about buying a Kamado grill or an offset barbecue? Learn more about these smokers and grills and make the right decision based on your needs. Then, be the best pitmaster you can be today.
Tag:
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this. Accept Read the Privacy PolicyThe Struggle Continues, that’s all I can say.
Africans have a long history of trading one Colonial Oppressor for another and calling that a victory or progress. When the Muslims replaced the Romans, or when the European Colonizers drove out the Muslims, or when the USSR drove our the Western Imperialist, or when the Chinese CommunoCapitalist drive out the Western Imperialist. The sick fucking cycle continues.
We keep fucking trading one Oppressor/Colonizer for another instead of driving all aliens off our lands and all alien systems and institutions our of our societies, and alien ideology out of our fucking minds.
African societies and cultures, with very few exceptions are Xenophilic, and Dr. Clarke stated that Xenophilia was our greatest strength and our greatest vulnerability. Being able to welcome the stranger allows us to be most humane and civilized, but it also opens us up to invasions, colonization, and enslavement.
But again, the Struggle for Pan-African Liberation is farm from lost, it’s far from won, and it’s far from over; so we continue to struggle and build.
We can hold to the fact that Africa, for the vast majority of our history were a free and independent people, and this state of dysfunction and colonization is not only unnatural, it’s unsustainable. We just have to accelerate the overall decolonization of Africans lands, and African minds (across the globe) before the System of Industrial and Finance Capitalism that has been imposed by the West and Adopted by China, India, Brazil, South Korea, Japan, South Korea, and Russia fully collapses all of the earth’s ecosystems, rendering the planet uninhabitable by complex lifeforms. It’s so much bigger than Black Liberation at this point.
MATCH REPORTS 2016/17
Tuesday
2 August
Chester 1 Burnley U21 2
Pre-Season Friendly
Attendance: 577 Half Time 1-0
Booked: -.
Chester:
Worsnop, Evans, Astles (Mahon 46), Vassell (Jones 46),
Hunt (Waters 46), George (Shaw 46), Hughes, Joyce, Durrell
(Crawford 60), Alabi (Edwards 46), Akintunde. Subs not
used: Roberts.
Burnley U21: Mitchell, Birch (Koiki 63), Dummigan,
Yao, Anderson, Dunne (Olomowewe 72), Jackson (Chakwana
60), Thomas, Murdock, Metz (McNeil 70), Leitch (Agyei
46). Subs not used: King, Howarth.
Referee: Joe Johnson (Liverpool).
James Akintunde gives Chester a first half lead but
The Clarets strike twice after the break to run out
winners in this final pre-season warm up. Manager Jon
McCarthy used the final match to rest Blaine Hudson
and Kane Richards who were both carrying knocks while
Theo Vassell returned to the side from injury.
Chester had plenty of possession early on but created
few chances, with James Alibi missing the goal from
a narrow angle the best of the efforts. The Blues broke
the deadlock after Sam Hughes and Clarets goalkeeper
Conor Mitchell had challenged for a cross and Akintunde
scored from the loose ball heading home from a narrow
angle.
The Blues held onto the lead until the 57th minute when
Frazier Murdock scored from close range. The Clarets
scored their second on 72 minutes as Dan Agyei outpaced
Sam Hughes before scoring past Jon Worsnop.
One final concern for McCarthy was the sight of Craig
Mahon limping off after a late heavy challenge.
Picture © Rick
Matthews (Chester Leader)
Chester made five changes at the break
and goalkeeper Keighan Jones produced a fine save to
deny substitute Callum Byrne adding a second Marine
goal, but he could do nothing moments later to prevent
Warren Bellew finding the net.
Elliot Nevitt almost added a sixth
for Chester, his effort crashing back off the crossbar
before James Foley added a third for Marine, with a
20-yarder, two minutes from time to complete the scoring.
Jamie Menagh also started for Altrincham,
while the Blues named triallists Joe Heath, Rakim Newton,
Wade Joyce, Kevin Exell and goalkeeper Keighan Jones.
But it was Kane Richards who made the first impression
on the game when he scored for Chester within the first
25 minutes.
Another familiar name this time
Damian Reeves – featured on the scoresheet when
he replied for Altrincham with a well-taken goal on
the 15th minute of the second half. Then ex-Chester
loanee Danny Hattersley made it 2-1 to Altrincham less
than 10 minutes later. But Chester substitute James
Alibi replied soon after that with a good run into the
box and strike less than 10 minutes later to even the
score up.
Sue Choularton
Picture © Rick
Matthews (Chester Leader)
The Blues defence with Ryan
Astles and Blaine Hudson forming a good partnership,
were holding firm as Wigan, who made a raft of changes
at the break, pressed in the second period. Worsnop
made a fine save to deny Emyr Huws from long range,
and Sam Cosgrove cleared the bar when he should have
done better from close range.
Worsnop denied Huws again before Kane Richards almost
opened the scoring latching on to a loose back pass
but the deflected effort just went wide of the post.
Picture © Rick
Matthews (Chester Leader)
Kane Richards opened the scoring just
after the half hour with a fine long range shot following
a Ryan Astles through ball.
Six minutes into the second
period James Alibi added a second following an exchange
of passes with Jonny Hunt. Trialist Edwards (ex-TNS)
slotted home the third goal on 65 minutes.
Hunt and Craig Mahon both forces saved from Joe Grant
in the home goal before Hunt wrapped up the scoring
with a free-kick seven minutes from time.
Picture © Rick
Matthews (Chester Leader)Description
The balance of solvents in each of the Paraglaze Hardeners is optimised to provide excellent flow and gloss for various temperature ranges or application methods, when used with the correct Paraglaze Reducer.
- Below 20°C
- Commonly used when air drying
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.Earlier will be like and I have been intrigued with the idea since I saw Kerry Crawford of the I Love Memphis blog do one on 365 Memphians and another on 365 things to do in Memphis.
If you’d like to follow my daily photos, I am posting them in two different places — my Google+ profile using the #365project and #365project2013 tags and on my new 365project.org website profile JPlovesCOTTON which even includes an RSS feed on it if you want to subscribe. I’ll post them here on occasion, just will be more timely in the other places.
So here are the first few days of my project which I’m calling 365 Colorful Adventures 🙂 Following are the photos I’ve posted with the brief descriptions that accompany them.
December 31, 2012 — 365 Colorful Adventures Stake Put in the Ground
I’m getting my first 365 day project set up. I think I will post through the community at 365project.org as it looks like there will be lots of opportunities to connect with people of various interests there — I set up and plan to post a shot daily (love that I can simply email when I’m rushed or browse other photos when I have a bit of time, do challenges on occasion, etc). There is an embed code that lets me include them on the blog in a basic HTML widget and periodically I will get them into this album. If anyone else is active on the 365project.org site, give me a shout as it appears easy to share albums, etc. #365project #365project2013
January 1, 2013 — New Year’s Tradition 1/365
A New Year’s tradition for those of us in the Southern US is to eat black-eyed peas on New Year’s Day for good luck in the coming year. I decided to make mine in a salsa this year with tomatoes, cilantro, etc. The olive oil that helps get all the spices really caught my flash. I used a simple diffuser on it to keep the colors accurate. Now, it is time to eat!
January 2, 2013 — late evening at the office 2/365
As I left my office this evening, the shape and light of the connecting hallway between buildings grabbed my eye. I walked over & took several photos and this is the one I liked most…. love the lines as it moves and the fact that trees break the architecture slightly. The colors were largely sepia tones on the building and gravel so I decided to set it as a sepia-tone.
January 3, 2013 — Meeting Season is Coming! 3/365
Winter means the off-season for most farmers and that results in lots of meetings for those of us in agriculture. The shirt for a meeting arrived today and the cellophane bag and the pin at the collar caught my eye. Ready to get to meetings so I can take photos of some of the awesome farmers I get to meet!
What I Have Learned So Far
There are lots of little things I’ve already started thinking about. Things I didn’t necessarily think about as I decided to take on the challenge of doing this.
- I take photos so often that I see the world through a camera’s lens fairly frequently. I love that the communities where I’m sharing these are not camera snobs. Sure, I have cameras that will pass most people’s screens for decent equipment, but I also take a lot of mobile photos with my iPhone or point and shoot. That is all good with me and it seems I’ve found folks who agree.
- While I loved the focus Kerry did, her’s was for work and I want mine to be flexible. I’m already glad I put that “colorful adventures” label on mine as I think the discipline of doing this daily will be enough for me, much less staying that focused! LOL.
- Rather than just snapping a photo, I think differently about them from the standpoint that I get one photo a day. And I’m thinking of how all those photos reflect my year. That’s different than snapping pics as you go along and sharing them on Facebook or Twitter. This means I want them to be interesting to me and others as well as tell the story of my year. Lots of flexibility and opportunity there, and it is mine to take full advantage of!
- The project has some neat connectivity to other folks who love photography. I’m meeting folks who share one of my passions. Whether we share subject matter interests or not, we share an interest in capturing light, movement, the obvious and exotic, etc. This is proving pretty cool and I’m only three days in!
- I’m wondering if there is a pool running on how long it takes til I miss a day.
What do you enjoy enough to commit to making it a daily habit for a full year?
JP – I have $5 on that bet…I\’ve taken all mine but haven\’t got them all posted. One thing I have already found is it\’s going to be a challenge to come up with a fresh and interesting topic each day. Not so much the topic but something others can enjoy. Also when you come to work in the dark and leave in the dark, it\’s pretty much at lunch time or some other travel during the day. It will definitely be a serious commitment! 🙂
Mark
I’m looking forward to longer days for sure… and you know travel is a great photo subject for me!
I started my own project 365 and like you I\’m not working within a set theme but will be more flexible as to what I photograph. I look forward to keeping up with you through your images!!! Good luck. 🙂
Where are you posting your 365 project pics?
I love the late night at the office picture, just gorgeous.
Thanks Diana!
I\’m inspired and love the idea that you only get to post one per day, which means that while you may take a bunch of pictures throughout the day, you have to pick one that captures something about that day or what\’s happening in your life at the moment. I think I\’m going to join you. I don\’t know if I have something from each of the last 6 days I can post…but should have something from most of them since I just got a dog and am a bit obsessed right now.
I\’ll post my pictures on Facebook every day with a weekly wrap up on the blog I linked to via my name.
Glad to have another friend doing this! I’m really enjoying the process & interactions.ReStore Truck Driver, Habitat for Humanity – Oct 29
Posted by Habitat for Humanity Philadelphia on October 19, 2021
At Habitat for Humanity Philadelphia(HFHP), we are builders who work alongside, not for others. We are driven by accountability and defined by our stick-to-itiveness. The ReStore Driver represents the Habitat brand through courteous interactions with potential donors and customers to support our mission and support ReStore operations.
Pick up and unload donations for the ReStore in a timely, efficient, and courteous manner. Work with warehouse supervisor to ensure donations are placed and ready for processing as well as be able to greet and check out customers in the cashier role. Maintain our trucks and equipment to optimum conditions.
Truck Driver Duties:
- Ensure timely and efficient movement of donations to deliver fast and quality service.
- Communicate the status of pickups to customers, dispatchers, and warehouse supervisors as needed to ensure great customer service.
- Record and maintain donation receipt pick-up slips
- Load and unload merchandise routinely at multiple sites.
- Stack, pad, and secure items in position on the truck to prevent damage during shipment.
- Cleaning around the dumpster or backyard of debris.
- Utilizing and storing of dollies or carts for the safe transport of donations.
- Maintain health and safety compliance under company policy.
Apply here by October 29, 2021.
More in "Job Opportunities/AmeriCorps Opportunities"
- Director, Professional & Personal Development, Villanova University
- Program Associate, Summer Search Phila.
- Special Projects Manager, Read by 4th03 Mar Why social connection matters in keeping employees engaged
Sometime in the last year, “Zoom” became a verb and we all became beyond reliant on the internet. Whether or not you exist in a remote-work paradigm, you’re probably pretty attached to all the modes of digital communication and collaboration that make up the average work day in 2021. But is it working for us? Here’s why social connection matters in keeping employees engaged.
Future forum polled 5k remote workers and discovered that on most counts, they actually prefer working at home. Their work-life balance feels better, they have less anxiety about work, and their productivity is up.
But on one count, things are worse when working remotely: the sense of belonging in a workplace. The need for human connection is such a critical metric, and it’s much harder to tap into when everyone is tethered to their individual laptops in their homes.
As my clients at Prestige Scientific have discovered over this last year, it’s important to go that extra mile to foster connection in a remote-work scenario.
De-prioritizing productivity in meetings and making time for storytelling. Reaching out to people you don’t see in Zoom calls as frequently. Picking up the phone to make a personal call!
If you really want engaged employees, prioritize that personal connection within your company culture and your own behavior.
Reference:
If you like this article and want to see monthly roundups of our top choices, signup for our newsletter.One Piece Chapter 1005 started in the Great Banquet Hall, Third Floor. Black Maria was getting prepared to finish off the samurais who were heavily injured by Kaido. But before that, she wanted Sanji to call Robin for help. Black Maria had prepared a trap with her adhesive threads for Robin so that as soon as she rushes in to help Sanji, they can capture her.
Black Maria began punching Sanji to force him to call Robin. However, Black Maria’s associates were sure that Sanji would rather die than expose his companion to danger. To everyone’s surprise, Sanji let out his cry for help and informed Robin of his location. This got transmitted through all the animals who had the paper with the drawn eye. Nami on hearing this wasn’t surprised that Sanji got caught since his opponent was a woman.
Sanji then asked Black Maria to release him since he did as he was told. Black Maria said that it was a lie and got ready to punch him. However, Robin arrived at the spot timely and struck Black Maria with a gigantic hand. Brook had frozen all of the adhesive threads and nullified Black Maria’s trap. Robin thanked Sanji for keeping his trust in her and geared up for her battle with Black Maria. Meanwhile, Sanji hurried off to Kin’emon’s group to give them support. We also saw Shinobu and Yamato carrying Lord Momonosuke to safety.
One Piece Chapter 1006 Raw Scans and Spoilers-
- Boa Huang manages to find Momonosuke, Shinobu, and Yamato and decides to engage them. Sanji sees that and gets confused as to whether to help them or go to the rescue of Kinemon’s group. He ultimately decides to help Momonosuke and the others but isn’t sure if he made the right decision.
- Meanwhile, Hyogoro and X Drake are protecting Chopper while he is busy preparing the antidote. However, Hyogoro also gets infected and his body becomes muscular like Master Roshi. Hyogoro then manages to use a technique that resembles swords and flowers.
- Persopero manages to defeat Carrot and discovers Marco after that. Marco is busy in his fight against the King and Queen. This is going to make up for an epic clash as Marco is going to transform into his phoenix form. This will further establish just how powerful Marco is.
- On the other hand, Hyogoro seems to be no longer able to bear the effect of the virus. So, he asks a subordinate to kill him before any more damage is done. Although the previous chapter ended with the beginning of Robin and Black Maria’s fight, we may not see that epic clash in the upcoming chapter.
Here, we have attached the link to One Piece Chapter 1006.
Must Read- One Piece: Has Kaido’s Azure Dragon Unfolded the Biggest Enigma About Mythical Zoan Users? (Theory)
One Piece Chapter 1006 Release Date-
Chapter 1006 of One Piece is going to be released on March 7, 2021. One Piece usually has a weekly release, so the fans don’t have to wait a lot to know how the current arc is going to unravel. There is also no break next week which is another great news for the fans.
Where to Read One Piece Chapter 1006-
The latest chapters of One Piece can be read from the official Mangaplus Shueisha or Viz Media website. Fans can also try the MangaPlus app, which is available on the Play Store. We will be back soon with another Raw Scan Spoiler article. Till then, stay tuned with us.
Also Read-
- Top 15 Hottest Male Characters in One Piece (Ranked)
- One Piece: Total Ranking of ONE PIECE Global Popularity Poll Surfaced
>.Mediante comunicado de prensa se ha dado a conocer el listado total de juegos que hay ahora mismo previstos tanto para Wii como para DS.
El listado es para USA, asi que tendremos que esperar para saber nuestras fechas.
N.A.: Disculpad si no traduzco los nombres de los meses o alguna otra palabra, pero es que la lista es tan enorme, que me llevaria mucho tiempo. Al ser el listado de USA, lo que realmente interesa son los juegos y no sus fechas. Tomaros vuestro tiempo porque son muchisimos.
Publisher Game Available for Wii & Wiki: Quest for Barbaros? Treasure October
Crave Entertainment Brunswick Pro Bowling August
Dave Mirra BMX Challenge August
Pinball Hall of Fame ? The Williams Collection October
George of the Jungle November
D3Publisher® Prime 3: Corruption Aug. 27
Donkey Kong® Barrel Blast Oct. 8
Battalion Wars? 2 Oct. 29
Endless Ocean? Oct. 29
Fire Emblem? Nov. 5
Super Mario Galaxy? Nov. 12
Super Smash Bros.® Brawl Dec. 3
Mario Kart® Wii (name not final) Early 2008
Wii Fit? TBA
O~3 Entertainment Crow TBA
Sega Bleach Fall
Ghost Squad Q4
The Golden Compass December
Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games
Publisher Game Available for Nintendo DS
Activision Bee Movie Game Fall
Call of Duty (working title) Fall
Spider-Man: Friend or Foe Fall
Tony Hawk?s Proving Ground Fall
The American Game Factory Build A Bear October
Di-Gata October
Strawberry Shortcake: The Four Seasons Cake October
Atari, Inc. Backyard Basketball September
Backyard Football September
Backyard Hockey September
Godzilla: Unleashed Double Smashed Holiday
Jenga Holiday
N+ Holiday
Capcom Mega Man Star Force August
Mega Man ZX Advent October
Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Trials and Tribulations September
Codemasters Race Driver September
Crave Entertainment Crayola Treasure Adventures September
Napoleon Dynamite October
George of the Jungle November
D3Publisher of America Ben 10: Protector of Earth October
Ed, Edd n Eddy: Scam of the Century October
Destination Software, Inc. Original Frisbee Disc Sports: Ultimate & Golf August
ATV: Thunder Ridge Riders/Monster Trucks August
Balls of Fury August
Arctic Tale September
Betty Boop ?Double Shift? September
Sea Monsters October
M&M?s Kart Racing October
Aly & AJ Road to Success October
Dr. Seuss: How the Grinch Stole Christmas October
Garfield Gets Real November
Yamaha Supercross November
Showtime Championship Boxing November
Clue/Mouse Trap/ Perfection/Aggravation November
Destineer Indianapolis 500 Legends October
Homie Rollerz October
John Deere: Harvest in the Heartland November
Detn8 Games Ltd. Elf Bowling Collector?s Edition November
Disney Interactive Studios High School Musical: Makin? the Cut! August
The Cheetah Girls: Pop Star Sensations October
Hannah Montana: Music Jam October
Suite Life: Circle of Spies October
Power Rangers: Super Legends Fall
Enchanted November
Disney Princess: Magical Jewels November
DreamCatcher Animates August
LifeSigns August
EA Boogie Q4
EA Playground October
FIFA Soccer ?08 October
Madden NFL ?08 August
MySims September
Need for Speed: ProStreet October
The Sims 2 Castaway October
Tiger Woods PGA Tour ?08 August
Eidos Glory Days 2 July
Gamecock Media Group Dementium: The Ward October
Insecticide November
Ignition Entertainment Flipper Critters November
LucasArts LEGO Star Wars: The Complete Saga November
Thrillville: Off The Rails October
Konami Contra 4 (working title) Fall
Majesco Nancy Drew and the Deadly Secret of Olde World Park September
Zoo Hospital October
Holly Hobbie & Friends September
Fish Tycoon October
Turn it Around September
Operation: Vietnam August
The Wild West August
Midway The Bee Game November
Foster?s Home for Imaginary Friends: Imagination Invaders November
Ultimate Mortal Kombat November
MumboJumbo Super Collapse! 3 Q3
7 Wonders of the Ancient World Q3
LUXOR 2 Q4
Nintendo Picross DS? July 30
Brain Age? 2: More Training in Minutes a Day Aug. 20
DK? Jungle Climber Sept. 10
The Legend of Zelda®: Phantom Hourglass Oct. 1
Chibi-Robo?: Park Patrol Oct. 2
Flash Focus?: Vision Training in Minutes a Day Oct. 15
Mario Party® DS Nov. 19
Nintendo Magic (name not final) Nov. 26
Professor Layton and the Curious Village? Dec. 3
Nintendo® Crossword (name not final) TBA
O~3 Entertainment, Inc. Pocket Pets October
Scholastic Animal Genius September
I SPY Fun House August
Sega The Golden Compass December
Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games November
Sonic Rush Adventure Fall
Square Enix Inc. Heroes of Mana August
DRAGON QUEST MONSTERS: Joker November
FINAL FANTASY XII: Revenant Wings November
Front Mission October
Telegames, Inc. RIP: Death Volunteers November
Ultimate Card Games December
Ultimate Puzzle Games: Sudoku Edition August
THQ Avatar: The Last Airbender ? The Burning Earth October
Bratz: 4 Real October
Bratz Super Babyz October
Cars: Mater-National October
Drake & Josh: Talent Showdown July
Drawn To Life September
El Tigre: The Adventures of Manny Rivera October
Juiced 2: Hot Import Nights November
Nicktoons: Attack of the Toybots October
SpongeBob?s Atlantis SquarePantis October
Warhammer 40,000: Squad Command Fall
Worms: Open Warfare 2 September
WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2008 November
Zoey 101: Field Trip Fiasco September
Tomy Corporation Naruto: Path of the Ninja October
Ubisoft Imagine Animal Doctor October
Imagine Babyz October
Imagine Fashion Designer October
Imagine Master Chef October
Jam Sessions September
My French Coach November
My Life Coach Fall
My Spanish Coach November
My Word Coach Fall
Petz Catz 2 November
Petz Dogz 2 November
Petz Hamsterz Life 2 November
Petz Horsez 2 November
Rayman Raving Rabbids 2 Fall
Wild Petz Dolphinz November
Valcon Games Suzuki Super Bikes Riding Challenge August
Corvette Evolution GT August
Master Jin Jin?s IQ Challenge August
Vivendi Crash of the Titans October
The Legend of Spyro: The Eternal Night October
Warner Bros. Interactive
Entertainment Looney Tunes: Duck Amuck September
On a typical day during pumpkin season, the furnaces and ovens light up. An eclectic rhythmical musical playlist begins. The glassblowers take their places in front of their stations.
#glasspumpkinshow #artistandglass #glassart #pumpkinglassart #myamericancrafts
The uploaded content will be moved to this newly created album. You must create an account or sign in if you want to edit this album later on.Botanical Garden Famous Quotes & Sayings
List of top 22 famous quotes and sayings about botanical garden to read and share with friends on your Facebook, Twitter, blogs.
Top 22 Botanical Garden Quotes
#1. I love working with technology because it allows me to follow my imagination and to invent new things. - Author: Tod Machover
#2. Judgment comes from experience and great judgment comes from bad experience. - Author: Bob Packwood
#3. He made two or three peculiar observations; as when shewn the botanical garden, 'Is not EVERY garden a botanical garden? - Author: James Boswell
#4. SURE-FIRE SINGLES AD:
Famous Writer needs woman to organize his life and spend his money. Loves to turn off Sunday football and go to the Botanical Gardens with that special someone. Will obtain plastic surgery if necessary. - Author: Joe Bob Briggs
#5..31 - Author: Steven J. Lawson
#6. All at once he was aware that his angry spirit had stolen forth again and he was about to write letters. - Author: Saul Bellow
#7. Phil was mumbling that Reuben might become a writer after all and writers had a way of redeeming everything that ever happens to them. - Author: Anne Rice
#8. Comedy appeals to the collective mind of the audience and this grows fatigued; while farce appeals to a more robust organ, their collective belly. - Author: W. Somerset Maugham
#9. A person is like a novel: Up to the very last page you don't know how it's going to end. Otherwise, there'd be no point in reading ... - Author: Yevgeny Zamyatin
#10. Remember that other people may be totally wrong. But they don't think so. Don't condemn them. Any fool can do that. Try to understand them. Only wise, tolerant, exceptional people even try to do that. - Author: Dale Carnegie
#11.. - Author: Gretel Ehrlich
#12. Sleep on it until your thoughts are rational and your tongue is capable of speaking only kindness and truth. - Author: Toni Sorenson
#13. Clearly, any well-kept garden will be a source of pleasure in the summer months; in the bleak urban midwinter, however, there are few activities more likely to energise the spirit than a botanical walk. - Author: John Burnside
#14. Use words that soak up life. - Author: Virginia Woolf
#15.. - Author: Assata Shakur
#16.. - Author: Haruki Murakami
#17. It was frightening, the extent to which a full belly made for a good mood. - Author: Yann Martel
#18. Nothing is more revealing than movement. - Author: Martha Graham
#19. Education is very important, and the botanical garden is the place to do that. I grew up in a semi-rural area and learned from that being my playground. - Author: Nell Newman
#20. For many women, becoming a widow does not just mean the heartache of losing a husband, but often losing everything else as well. - Author: Cherie Blair
#21. That was the first time ever in history that anybody got Special Guest Star. I started that whole nonsense. - Author: Jonathan Harris
#22. America's veterans embody the ideals upon which America was founded more than 229 years ago. - Author: Steve Buyer
Famous Authors
- Andre Dubus Quotes (37)
- Brandon Cruz Quotes (7)
- Deborah E. Lipstadt Quotes (7)
- Doug Batchelor Quotes (1)
- Gnaeus Naevius Quotes (2)
- Hugh Leonard Quotes (25)
- Jake Kasdan Quotes (9)
- Jane Feather Quotes (2)
- Markus Ruhl Quotes (1)
- The Undertaker Quotes (18)
Popular Topics
- Quotes About Friends Saying Mean Things (15)
- Quotes About Leo Season (7)
- Jarrod Matthew Quotes (5)
- Plant Life Cycle Quotes (8)
- Race To Success Quotes (40)
- Rails Unescape Quotes (15)
- Smile And Cry Quotes (46)
- Stone Cold Heart Quotes (24)
- Earhart's Quotes (79)
- Farrellys Quotes (10)Boogeyman – Story of a game | s02 e06
This is the story of Boogeyman with Thanos! This is a preview including complete setup and how to play of the game coming to Kickstarter on the 30th of March!
**Made with love for board games ❤ **
Everyone has childhood fears… Sometimes its fear of the dark, of the unknown of whats hiding behind those close doors or under the bed… We all tried to face them with friends or by ourselves because we were afraid of even talking about them… These fears had strange shapes, or sometimes they were formless.. others were so creepy that made you scream or even cry in your sleep.. some we still remember them until today…. so today we will go back to our childhood fears and face them once and for all… If you are ready, let’s jump into the box…2 Samuel, 9
1.'osheth your master's son shall always eat at my table." Now Ziba had fifteen sons and twenty servants.
11. Then Ziba said to the king, "According to all that my lord the king commands his servant, so will your servant do." So Mephib'osheth ate at David's table, like one of the king's sons..Notify me when the price drops
We will email you if we find a lower price on this product!
1 shops are selling it on Ebay with coupons. Other top characteristics are Waterproof, features and mpn. Also men toiletry bag waterproof travel outdoor is one of the top sellers in Unbranded, Sariok Clear Toiletry Bag With Zipper, Mesh Toiletry Bag With Zipper and Z in 2021.Custom Longarm Quilting
Cross & Crown Longarm Quilting
Regular price $0.02
Overwhelmed by the options? Not entirely sure how you want your quilt quilted and just want us to quilt it however we see fit? This is the option you want. We will creatively quilt your top with some light custom quilting that we are sure you will love.
You have worked hard to create that beautiful quilt top! At only 2 cents per square inch and free return shipping in the continental US, our light custom quilting services are extremely affordable! I provide 80/20 batting and coordinating thread at no extra charge.
Steps to purchase:
- 1. Enter the length and width of your quilt in inches.
- 2. Complete the checkout process. Be sure and register for a customer account with a current phone number and email address!
- 3. If you are able, please print and return this form with your quilt (don't worry if you cannot). Please do send a note along with your quilt letting us know about any special instructions and your contact information.
- 4. Ship the quilt and your backing fabric, if not purchased from us, to
- Cross & Crown Longarm Quilting, c/o Jessica Carter, 78 Romie Drive, Jackson, TN, 38305
Once your quilt is received, I will contact you and let you know that it has arrived and verify the details of your order, including quilt design selection and a thread color.
Current turnaround times are 6 to 8 weeks..
Obat-obatan tersebut termasuk antibiotik, obat kejang, dan obat diabetes tertentu. This can help prevent long-term damage.
Bayi yang disusui oleh ibu vegetarian juga berisiko terkena anemia pernisiosa. Although no specific PA susceptibility genes have been identified, a genetic factor likely is involved in the disease.
Vitamin B12 deficiency anemia
Other causes of abnormally large red blood cells include:. The patient did not receive supplemental folic acid; however, he was given an oral preparation of potassium chloride 20mEq daily anticipating a possible intracellular potassium shift in response to B 12 administration.
Find out what your B results mean and how to optimize your B intake. Pada kasus yang jarang terjadi, anak-anak dilahirkan dengan kelainan bawaan yang mencegah tubuh membuat faktor intrinsik. Am J Obstet Gynecol.
British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology. Without intrinsic factor, the ileum can no longer absorb the B Intranasal methods have also been studied as a vehicle for the delivery of cobalamin. In severe cases, the neurological complications of pernicious anemia can lead to death – hence the name, ” pernicious “, meaning deadly.
Inchemist Edwin Cohn prepared a liver extract that was 50 to times more potent than the natural food liver. During flu season, having a scratchy throat, body aches, or fatigue can signal the arrival pernksiosa the flu virus.
Penyakit yang mengganggu penyerapan vitamin B12, seperti penyakit celiac. Although the healthy body stores three to five years’ worth of B 12 in the liver, the usually undetected autoimmune activity in one’s gut over a prolonged period of time leads to B 12 depletion and the resulting anemia. Although our findings are preliminary and based on only a single case report, monitoring anemi patient’s B 12 and holoTC remain important due to the prevalence of B 12 pernisiosw holoTC insufficiency in elderly individuals for whom watchful waiting is frequently implemented [ 1 ].
In the same study, 5 out of 15 prostate cancer patients possessed deficient levels of holotranscobalamin [ 1 ]. The patient presented to our office and was noted to be anemic, but with no specific complaints of tiredness. In people with B deficiencies or regular anemia, the body can absorb B Consent Written informed consent was obtained from the patient for publication of this case report and any accompanying images. In these surgeries, either the parts of the stomach that produce gastric secretions are removed or they are bypassed.
Vitamin B is found in:. Selain celiac, penyakit HIV dan penyakit Crohn penyakit radang usus juga dapat mengganggu penyerapan vitamin B The Symptoms of Vitamin B Deficiency.
Diagnosis and management of pernicious anemia.
Wintrobe’s Clinical Hematology, Volume One 12th ed. Intrinsic factor is produced by parietal cells of the gastric mucosa stomach lining and the intrinsic factor-B 12 complex is absorbed by cubilin receptors on the ileum epithelial cells.
We present the case of a year-old Chinese man with prostate cancer and pernicious anemia. Kekurangan faktor intrinsik juga dapat terjadi jika Anda sudah pernah menjalani bedah perut. Today, though, the disease is relatively easy to treat with B injections or supplements. One exploratory, and potential alternative method for the treatment of pernicious anemia is the use of transdermal patches. Hereditary spherocytosis Minkowski—Chauffard syndrome Hereditary elliptocytosis Southeast Asian ovalocytosis Hereditary stomatocytosis.
Pernicious anemia is a type of macrocytic anemia. Although the exact role of Helicobacter pylori infection in PA remains controversial, evidence indicates H. When foods containing B 12 are eaten, the vitamin is usually bound to protein and is released by proteases released by the pancreas in the small bowel.
What Causes Dizziness and Fatigue?
Vitamin B12 deficiency anemia – Wikipedia
Foreign Allergic contact dermatitis Mantoux test. Early Flu Symptoms During flu season, having a scratchy throat, body aches, or fatigue can signal anemix arrival of the flu virus. Pernicious anemia is associated with atrophic body gastritis, whose diagnostic criteria are based on the histologic evidence of gastric body atrophy associated with hypochlorhydria. Vitamin B 12 pills or injections [7]. Without enough vitamin B, the body will produce abnormally large red blood cells called macrocytes.
ANEMIA PERNISIOSA.jpg)
In pernisioea latter reaction, the methyl group of 5-methyltetrahydrofolate is transferred to homocysteine to produce tetrahydrofolate and methionine. Intrinsic factor antibodies are much less sensitive than parietal cell antibodies, but they are much more specific. Please review our privacy policy.
Diagnosis and management of pernicious anemia.
The most dangerous complication is gastric cancer. The antibodies are produced by activated B cells that recognise both pathogen and self-derived peptides. Pemicu infeksi ini adalah konsumsi ikan yang terinfeksi cacing pita, maupun kebiasaan makan ikan yang dimasak kurang matang.A Guide on Selecting a Commercial Cleaning Company
You are supposed to make sure you are fully utilizing the cleaning services you get in your business so that you can have a safe and conducive environment to work can then check the kind of reviews that the commercial cleaning expert has. You are supposed to settle for a commercial cleaning firm that is popular in the cleaning market.
The commercial cleaning company you select is supposed to be near the company you are working in. The cleaning process is supposed to be conducted daily when you are settling for a commercial cleaning company. Hence, a commercial cleaning firm that is close will offer you reliable services. You have to check the names of the commercial cleaning companies that are operating close to you. You should use this to learn as much as possible about the commercial cleaning company you want. There are chances that the commercial cleaning firm has operated in other offices. You should ask around for details on the best commercial cleaning company in your city.
you are also advised to find details on the cost of the commercial cleaning services that you want from the company you choose. You have to discuss the quotes of the cleaning work with the commercial cleaning company you are interested in.. You, therefore, have the option to go through a number of commercial cleaning experts and get their quotes. You are supposed to do this if you want to select a commercial cleaning firm that has affordable quotes.\nGet ready ladies and gentlemen because UFC superstar, Nate Diaz, is returning to the octagon coming this December according to his Instagram. Diaz's last loss was to welterweight, Leon Edwards, in June at UFC 263.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nDiaz is known for cryptically wording ambiguos tweets. He's recently called out Dustin Poirier via social media and Poirier engaged in the back and forth. There are several high profile fights out there for Diaz in December. There's the possibility of the Poirier fight, as well as fights with Jorge Masvidal, Gilbert Burns, and Vicente Luque.\n\n\n\n"It remains to be seen who will end up as the most likely opponent, but Diaz is already preparing for a fight with every intention of competing in December" (MMA Fighting). The UFC has not officially released a scheduled fight for Diaz.\n\n\n\nThere's no denying the draw of Nate Diaz. He's a marketing goldmine; the perfect storm of credibility and "golden days" UFC legitimacy.\n\n\n\n\nhttps:\/\/\/watch?v=nCUYitkyT6s\n\nAll grantees are required participate in a Continuous Quality Improvement (CQI) exercise. For this exercise, Texas will utilize the Deming’s Plan, Do, Study, Act (PDSA) Cycle. A recorded training video of the Texas RPE-specific overview of the CQI & PDSA Approach is in the Training & Resources section below.
This process is intended to be completed within a short amount of time and is used for program improvement purposes only. Grantees will document their efforts using the required PDSA Template below. Grantees must complete one PDSA Cycle in Quarter 3 of FY21. Directions for how to upload the PDSA Template will be embedded within the Performance Report (specific details provided below). Only the evaluation team will see your completed template. However, the evaluation team will provide the OAG with a list of grantees who completed a PDSA cycle and the PPPC Steering Committee with summarized, de-identified data regarding the PDSA cycles. The evaluation team will also facilitate online peer sharing with all grantees post-completion (date/time TBD).
Training and Resources
- Continuous Quality Improvement & PDSA Cycle Training Video
- PDSA Template - Required to be completed to document your CQI efforts.
- Sample Completed Template - Sample completed template using the scenario from the training video
- Using Essential Elements to Select, Adapt, and Evaluate Violence Prevention Approaches - Do not make any changes that affect curriculum without first using this tool to ensure it does not affect essential elements
- 2020 CQI & PDSA Virtual Office Hour Q&A Document - The Q&A's within this document are still accurate unless otherwise noted
Specific Information Regarding PDSA Template Submission
The final question of the Quarterly Overview section in the Quarter 3 Quarterly Reporting System will include instructions for how to upload your completed template. You will be instructed to upload your completed PDSA Template via this link: evalsvpptx.com/pdsa-template-upload/. Then you will select the appropriate response option from the following choices: (1) Template submitted via link or (2) Template NOT submitted (explain):. If you choose the second option then you need to provide an explanation as to why your template was not submitted. If you encounter technical difficulties with the provided link then please contact Elfreda Samman at esamman@tamu.edu for assistance.This section is designed to help you to complete a scientific research project by providing simple steps to follow.
Keeping a Logbook (diary) of your ideas is a good way to help you keep your thoughts organised. Any time you think about your project, use this Logbook to note down all your thoughts and ideas. The Logbook is an essential feature of all good research projects.NEW ORLEANS — There is more work than ever for construction companies in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, however, cleanup work poses new challenges for contractors.
Jack Donahue, president and CEO of DonahueFavret, will hire up to 20 workers from his pre-Katrina work force of 60. Only one employee left the company after the storm.
In addition to four hurricane-related projects, Donahue’s crews have resumed work on all pre-Katrina projects. Re-established momentum quickly following the storm was essential, Donahue said.
“We’re in St. Tammany. We didn’t have the devastation of Orleans or St. Bernard,” he said.
The Louisiana environment after Katrina is challenging for all contractors. One of the biggest problems is finding housing for workers, said Ed Pratt, communications director for the Louisiana Department of Labor.
One solution has been to create tent cities near construction sites. But that’s a problem, too, said Derrell Cohoon, CEO of the Louisiana Association of General Contractors.
“Some don’t want to” live in primitive conditions, Cohoon said.
Workers also must deal with issues such as where to enroll children in schools.
Many DonahueFavret employees lived in devastated areas such as Slidell and St. Bernard Parish.
“We try to alleviate personal problems with our employees to make their lives easier,” said Donahue.
Employees can visit their damaged homes and take care of insurance and other details before returning to work. The company posted trailers on job sites for displaced employees to live while on a project.
Donahue, who has been in the contracting business for 38 years, said today’s delays following the storm have been especially difficult.
“This has been the most difficult six weeks I’ve ever had,” Donahue said. “The paradigm I used to use to solve problems is no longer valid. Something new is happening every day.”
Cohoon says the same thing.
“We’ve found problems in the last five weeks we never thought we’d face,” Cohoon said.
Many construction projects take place in polluted areas where tainted drinking water, e-coli bacteria and allergic reactions to mold are real threats.
DonahueFavret said the lack of communications immediately following the storm was a problem. DonahueFavret’s offices went without power and phones for some time, which cost work after Katrina.
“People (from out-of-state companies) came in and signed contracts because we were unable to respond for a week to 10 days,” Donahue said.
DonahueFavret will hire Louisiana workers to do the rebuilding projects when possible, which requires training for unskilled workers. People seeking work can post their r
1 of 1
0 articles remaining
Grow your business intelligence with City Business news. Register now for more article access.For five years I’ve been confused. There are three sides to me: creative, technical and business. The three sides battle for attention. Creativity is fun! Technology is fun! Business…? Pursuing creative and technical projects are inherently more rewarding to me. But somehow I found myself all wrapped up in business and strategy.
After reading dozens of business books, I really wanted to scale my business and bring in loads of money. I bought into all they hype and felt invincible. Personal development was central in my life. So I signed up for a global executive MBA at the University of Toronto thinking it would help me accomplish my goals.
Now that I am only three papers away from finishing, I realize that I really don’t want to pursue the corporate life. The opportunity costs of pursuing the corporate life is way too great. I’m happy staying small. I am no longer embarrassed, and once again proud, to introduce myself as a photographer.
It is so crazy to think that I was embarrassed to introduce myself as a photographer for years. Somehow I thought that being a corporate big shot, like a Chief Executive Officer, was more superior to just being a little photographer. In my thinking, as a CEO I’d feel more affirmed, being the boss and all. I felt that as a photographer I just run around doing the client’s bidding or creating ethereal stock photos. Where is the affirmation in that!
But here I am, relieved to be free of that false perception of myself. I realize now that I really don’t want to be a big shot. Throughout my entire childhood and young adult years I was never drawn to luxury rather the outdoors. Riding a dirt bike, barefoot waterskiing and snowboarding have always been, except for the last few confusing years, way more important to me than living in luxury while other people serve me or do my bidding. I am so happy that I’ve finally come to my senses and realized these things about myself.
There is only one richest man in the world and I am very glad that I am not him. Some extra cash to spend on toys does sound great, though. Pursuing outdoor adventure sports with my kids and prioritizing the social, technical and creative sides of myself is what I really want.
One comment
Awesome post Chris! Staying true yourself and doing what makes you happy is the key not trying to be someone you are not meant to be just so you can prove to others you are a big shot.Black Bellows
Getting Started
Black Bellows Brewing Company operates a craft brewery, restaurant, and fully-stocked bottle shop on the corner of Simcoe and Sainte Marie in downtown Collingwood. The brewery officially opened its doors in 2020, but was conceptualized many years before. After meeting in high school, Head Brewer Peter Braul and Marketing Manager Scott Brown made a tradition of going on an annual canoe trip together. After Peter started home brewing, he would use these canoe trips to test his recipes out on a friendly audience (who we’re hoping helped him carry the beer). Following years of informal tastings and many nights musing about owning their own brewery, in 2014, Scott and Peter decided to take a chance on themselves.
By this point, Scott had been living in Collingwood for 7 years, and had always had his eye on Dey’s Body Shop as a potential location for some kind of interesting business. The building has a unique look and a rich history that reflects the many transformations Collingwood has undergone over the past century. It was owned by the same family for six generations, operating first as a blacksmith shop, then as a carriage building operation, and finally as an auto body shop. Scott and Peter approached the owner of Dey’s Body Shop in 2014 to express their interest in the building. Unfortunately, the timing wasn’t quite right. Still, the old blacksmithing building held a special place in their hearts, so they decided to name their brewery Black Bellows Brewing Company in tribute to the tool a blacksmith uses to blow air into their forge.
They officially started producing their beer in 2016 as a contract brewery (a company that produces their beer using another brewery’s equipment) and soon started selling their flagship beer ‘White’, a Witbier with Elderflower, through the LCBO and local restaurants. After a couple of years operating this way, driving cube vans of ingredients, packaging, and beer all over the countryside interspersed with long days driving beer to bars, restaurants, and LCBOs all around the province, they decided it was time to look for a permanent home.
As luck would have it there was another up-and-coming brewer named Bryn Davies who was also looking for a brewery location in Collingwood. He was introduced to Scott and Peter through a connection at the local Centre for Business and Economic Development in Collingwood. At the time of introduction Bryn was brewing out in Prince Edward County but was looking to make the move to Collingwood and the Dey’s building had caught his eye as well. After meeting, the trio were fast friends, and learned that they shared a joint vision of creating a progressive, creatively-inspired brewery in a historically-compelling space. After many beers shared and a few hazy ‘research trips’ to beer destinations around North America, they decided to make it official and joined forces in 2018 as partners, working together to solidify a new home for Black Bellows. Shortly after coming together, the ‘Dey’s Building’ at 40 Simcoe Street was successfully acquired as the home of their new brewery and restaurant. They earnestly began restoring the space in late 2018 and were finally able to open their doors to the public in January of 2020.
Why Collingwood?
The three partners grew up in other small towns, but were no strangers to Collingwood before moving to the area, having come to ski every year. The town has huge appeal for anyone wanting to not only start a business but also to pursue their favourite outdoor hobbies.
Scott and his wife Cathy started two other retail businesses in Collingwood before the brewery, and they had become well-acquainted with the Business Development Centre downtown. The Centre for Business and Economic Development, which is a partner organization of the Collingwood Business Development Centre (BDC), was one of the first places the guys turned to when they started looking for financial support for their Brewery. “The Centre for Business was one of our earliest financial supporters. They believed in the vision, and they’ve been very helpful along the way, especially during this last year when we needed a lot of flexibility, they’ve absolutely been there for us” said Scott about CBED.
At the conception of the company, Collingwood was just beginning to show signs that it would become the hub for craft beverages that it is now. The advantages of starting a brewery in a supportive craft community like Collingwood soon became clear. “If we’re in need of a part or some ingredients, we can just call somebody up at one of the other breweries and their usual response is ‘sure come grab it”. The craft beer community has been really open and friendly. I mean we brewed our White beer at the Collingwood Brewery for the first two years, and they have always been super helpful and generous, and Northwinds [Brewhouse] bought our very first keg of beer” Scott explained.
Scott, Peter, and Bryn’s appreciation for the Town of Collingwood comes through in so many ways. Whether through their detailed restoration of the brewery’s building, their commitment to creating an open and accessible community space, or even through the names of their beers (have you tried their “EL 9 Wye” lager that was named after Collingwood’s postal code?), their investment in the surrounding community is palpable.
Looking to the Future
Eight years into their brewery project and four kids later (including a set of twins!), the owners of Black Bellows Brewing company continue to push the limits on what they can do. When the first year of having their own space and the first pandemic summer collided, Black Bellows decided to open a second, apocalypse-themed, patio. They aimed to create more space for guests to safely spend time together while taking some of the sting out of the scariness of the pandemic. In the future, they’re excited to expand on their cultural mission and launch numerous events out of the brewery, including an arts & music festival, regular live music performances, long-form seasonal events like Oktoberfest, as well as hosting workshops, speakers, comedy, and trivia nights. They will begin taking bookings for private events in their multifaceted space once Covid restrictions allow. They are also excited to continue developing their online store, which currently offers local and provincial delivery options.
Speaking with Scott it became clear that there is no shortage of passion or creative ideas at Black Bellows Brewing Company, and it will be a delight to see what the team comes up with as they continue to establish themselves as a must-visit location in Collingwood.
To learn more about Black Bellows Brewing Company or order their products visit
Photo Credits: Dave West PhotographyThales IoT Developer Community
How to detect object's fall out
Showcase, May 20, 2016 - 3:08pm, 2094 views
Description:
Depending on project there may be a need to detect fall out of an object. There are several ways to do this. One is to use a tilt sensor. Here we show how easy it is to integrate one with the Concept Board.
Hardware remarks:
- We used 45 degrees double angle tilt sensor ()
- The switch is triggered when tilted 45 degrees of the horizontal position.
- Sensor has three lines, they need to be connected to GND, 5V and GPIOx (we have used GPIO5)
- If using GPIO5 application needs to make sure that GPIO5 is not used by SYNC LED on the module. To check this use <"AT^ command. If it's value will be other that "gpio" send: AT^SCFG="Gpio/mode/SYNC","gpio". NOTE: module needs to be rebooted after sending this command, so changes can take effect.The should be about 2 to 3 inches in length.
Peel the mushrooms and cut them into long, thin slices.
If you prefer, you can use a knife, or a chef’s knife.
You will want to slice them lengthwise so that they are completely cut into strips when you cut them.
When you are done slicing them, place them on a plate.
The more thin strips you slice, the thinner the mushroom will be, so be careful when you slice them.
Now, add the salt, garlic powder, oregano, cumin, ginger and pepper to the water.
Mix well, then pour the mixture over the mushrooms.
Put the mushrooms back in the oven at 325 degrees Fahrenheit for 30 to 40 minutes.
The Portomellos should be cooked to the point of becoming soft, but not mushy.
Remove from the oven and add the sauce to the mushroom strips.
Season with salt and pepper.
Serve with rice, or as a side dish.
Recipe Notes If you don’t have the time to make it in advance, this recipe is perfect for a small family.: Social and Political Nature
Rights to a ‘World-class’ City
Ajay Immanuel Gonji In a previous blog article, I had mentioned that in many Indian cities, there exists a certain shared precarity between poor humans and non-humans in access and rights to the city, and both groups are often similarly excluded (Narayanan & Bindumadhav, 2019). In this present article, I wish to elaborate on this … Continue reading Rights to a ‘World-class’ City
The Circulation of Toxicity Between Urban and Peri-urban Frontiers
Using a flow-based approach, this article uses the example of water in Ghaziabad in an attempt to reveal how toxicity is circulated and re-circulated between the urban and the peri-urban. Kartik Chugh Development and Peri-urbanisation Since the economic liberalization in 1991, India has experienced an upsurge in urbanization. In 2019, 34.5% of India’s total population … Continue reading The Circulation of Toxicity Between Urban and Peri-urban Frontiers’The UK has always had a property culture that favours buying over renting. Although the number of renters has increased in recent years, this is due to the rising cost of getting on the property ladder rather than a diminishing aspiration for property ownership in the population. The majority of renters want to buy because they see property ownership as a sensible investment for the future.
But what do you do when your biggest asset — your home — drops in value to the point where its value is less than the mortgage secured on it? Should you sell before it’s value reduces even more? Or should you wait for the market to pick up? What if you need to sell now? In this guide, we’ll take a further look into these issues and offer some practical tips for homeowners.
What Is Negative Equity?
If a property is worth less than the outstanding balance on the mortgage, it is in “negative equity”. This situation generally arises when there is a dip in the property market and house prices drop across the board. In 2014, after a major economic slump in the UK, the Independent reported half a million UK homes were in negative equity.
Negative equity is problematic for both lender and borrower. The lender no longer has sufficient security to cover the loan, so the homeowners cannot sell the property without paying back the difference. Yet for many people, selling at a loss and raising enough money to repay the bank is not achievable.
Remortgaging your home could also be problematic if the property is in negative equity.
Am I in Negative Equity?
Most people discover their property is in negative equity when they have their home valued in preparation for selling. Check the outstanding balance on your mortgage and compare this to the average valuation of your home (it’s advisable to request at least three valuations from independent agents). If the average valuation is less than the amount owed, you’re in negative equity.
You’re most at risk of falling into negative equity if any of the following apply:
- You bought a new build property with a government Help to Buy loan. New build properties typically sell for 15-20 per cent more than lived-in homes, so buyers who try to sell soon after purchasing are at risk of negative equity.
- Your deposit is the only equity in your home as you’ve just moved and are yet to start repayments.
- You paid a higher than average price for the property, due to competition in a desirable area of market fluctuations.
- A significant structural or environmental issue, such as flooding, has dramatically reduced the property’s value. You bought with a 95% or 100% mortgage so have accrued minimal equity in the property.
- You have an interest-only loan so will only accrue equity on top of the deposit if house prices rise.
What to Do If You’re in Negative Equity
Your best next steps depend on your objectives.
If you want to move:
- Check how much negative equity you have. A drop in value does not necessarily mean a property is in negative equity. However, if the value drops by more than the total equity you have in your home (the deposit paid plus the total sum of repayments made), you are in negative equity. The amount of negative equity is calculated by subtracting the property’s value from the amount owing on the mortgage. If the current value of your home is £150,000 and you owe £160,000 on the mortgage, the property is £10,000 in negative equity. If the property sells at the current market value, you will have to pay the bank the £10,000 difference.
- Talk to your lender. A homeowner must ask their lender for permission to sell if the agreed sale price will mean a return that is lower than the outstanding mortgage balance. Some lenders may be willing to offer a “negative equity mortgage” that allows the homeowner to transfer the negative equity to a new property. If moving is time-sensitive, this can be a helpful option, but remember to check if you will be liable to pay early repayment charges for your existing mortgage. The new mortgage may also have high-interest rates and this type of mortgage is fairly rare.
- Rent out your property. If you’re keen to move but unable to sell your home — at least not for a price you’re willing to accept — consider renting it out. You can use the rental income to continue mortgage repayments and to cover the cost of renting a smaller, more economical place for yourself. When the market picks up and the value of your property increases to a point where it is no longer in negative equity, you can sell it and repay the mortgage. Bear in mind that the rental income may not cover the mortgage and your living costs. It is also likely you will need to invest some funds into preparing the property for the rental market.
- Get a guaranteed cash sale. The fastest way to secure a guaranteed sale is to use a house buying service such as House Buyer Bureau. We buy all types of property in any condition or location. Once a firm offer is made, we can offer completion in as little as seven days, allowing you to move on from a home in negative equity and make a fresh start. Bypass the stress of selling on the open market and get a fair price for your home fast. Repay the lender any money owed and avoid being trapped in a property that could plunge further into negative equity.
If your mortgage deal is due to end:
- Talk to your provider. Most homeowners sign up to a mortgage deal for a fixed period of two or three years. When this period comes to an end, they must agree to a new deal with their current lender or look to switch providers. Many homeowners in negative equity struggle to negotiate a new mortgage deal because the loan has less value to the lender than it did when the property was worth more. If the lender is unwilling to agree to a new deal, you will automatically switch to the standard variable rate (SVR). This means your repayments will go up or down in line with changing interest rates.
- Use savings to reduce mortgage repayments. If your lender is reluctant to agree to a new deal you’re happy with, it may be worth considering using savings to reduce repayments. However, remember that if you’ve moved to an SVR rate, the monthly repayment amount will be unpredictable. Don’t leave yourself without any contingency funds to cover an unexpected rise in rates. Furthermore, be sure to check if your lender will impose any penalties for paying off a lump sum.
If you’re happy to stay put:
- Improve the property. It takes money to make money. Spending a little on home improvements could boost the value of your property and make it easier to sell. Increasing the value of a house by just a small amount could be enough to escape negative equity. However, it is likely that any value added will be offset by the investment required to make the necessary repairs or cosmetic improvements.
- Wait until the value increases. Negative equity is only a problem for homeowners who are keen to move on. If the value of your property drops but you’re perfectly happy where you are, at least in the short to medium term, staying put is an option. The property market continually fluctuates and there is a good chance that prices will rise again, bringing the house out of negative equity. Making overpayments on your mortgage could speed up the process but check what the limit for overpayments is before penalties are applied.It can take years for house prices to rise sufficiently to bring a property out of negative equity, so this is only an option for those who have no plans to move any time soon. Most people asking the question, “what can I do if my house value is less than what I owe?”, are really asking, “how can I sell my house if it is in negative equity?”.
What Next?
If you have your heart set on a new home or are simply keen to cut ties with a property that is proving to be a money pit, contact our team of friendly property experts at House Buyer Bureau for a cash offer on your home. We offer a professional, quick and hassle-free way to sell your property and can release funds in as little as seven days after making a firm offer.Uygulamalar sonuç465 içinde uygulamalar sonuç gösteriliyor.
Dynamics 365
Business Central
Satışlar
Tüm sonuçlar
Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central (trial)
Microsoft tarafından
A business management solution for accounting, invoicing, purchasing, inventory and reporting.
1 out of 60
Scaptify
Scapta tarafından
The app that connects your Shopify Store with Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central(SAAS)
2 out of 60
Mobile WMS
Tasklet Factory tarafından
Mobile WMS (Warehouse Management System) for Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central
3 out of 60
WooCommerce Connector
Synfynal tarafından
This app synchronizes Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central with WooCommerce
4 out of 60
LS Express
LS Retail tarafından
Retail POS for AU, AT, BE, DK, DE, FI, IS, LU, NZ, NL, ES, CH, GB, ZA, AE, FR, SG and SE.
5 out of 60
Product Configurator
Insight Works tarafından
Product Configurator makes quote and order generation more streamlined.
6 out of 60
eCommerce for Dynamics 365 Business Central
Dynamics eShop Inc. tarafından
A complete eCommerce solution with real-time integration to Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central
7 out of 60
Stripe Payments Standard
CHASE SOFTWARE tarafından
Offer your customers a new way to pay by adding a Pay with Stripe link to your sales documents.
9 out of 60
ShipIT 365
IDYN B.V. tarafından
Book your transport orders via nShift with UPS, FedEx, DHL and 400+ other carriers, with one click.
10 out of 60
Sales Order Status
Kumavision AG tarafından
Clear and simple signal light display in sales orders for various status messages
11 out of 60
Search Items
Abakion tarafından
Search easily for Items by Item Description without entering complicated filters.
12 out of 60
Square Payments
Square Inc tarafından
Take payments in-person and online with Square, an all-in-one card and contactless payments solution
13 out of 60
Packing List
EOS Solutions tarafından
Create a packing list from orders / shipments in Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central
14 out of 60
POS for Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central
Web Masters Technologies tarafından
Tightly integrated POS System with Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central
15 out of 60
Auto Email
SimCrest tarafından
Automatically email documents to customers and vendors with one click or less.
16 out of 60
Commission Management
NAV-X tarafından
Top Downloaded Commission Management fully integrated into Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central
Subscription Management
Abakion tarafından
Manage Subscription-based Invoicing on Customers in a simple and efficient way in Business Central.
18 out of 60
Versapay ChargeLogic Payments
ChargeLogic, LLC tarafından
Drive Efficiency and Cash Flow with Seamless Payments Integration
19 out of 60
Intercompany
Abakion tarafından
Easy, automated and feature-rich intercompany - with instant execution of transactions.
20 out of 60
Shopify Connector
ARSHU CONSULTANCY PTE. LTD. tarafından
Shopify Connector for Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central Simplifies the Order processing
21 out of 60
Document Customizer
Abakion tarafından
Customize and layout your documents in Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central in only minutes.
23 out of 60
Software Licenses Manager
Dot App Ltd. tarafından
Helps software vendors, distributors and resellers manage their product licenses more efficiently
24 out of 60
Shipping Central
Retail Central tarafından
Connecting Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central to nShift (formerly Unifaun)
25 out of 60
Sendcloud - The all-in-one shipping platform
IDYN B.V. tarafından
Linking DHL, DPD, UPS, GLS, PostNL, Royal Mail and more to Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central.
26 out of 60
LS Express (NA)
LS Retail tarafından
All the functionality you need in a retail POS. Available for North America.
27 out of 60
Tinx Shopify Connector
Tinx-IT tarafından
Tinx Shopify connector Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central seamless integrates with Shopify
28 out of 60
Product Configurator
Intech Systems Pvt Ltd. tarafından
Customizing a product to meet the needs of a particular customer based on Pre-devised set of options
29 out of 60
Counter Sales
Insight Works tarafından
A point-of-sale solution for professional salespeople at trade desks or sales counters.
30 out of 60
Commerce 365 for Magento
NVision Commerce Solutions B.V. tarafından
Fully integrate Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central with Magento 2 (B2C & B2B)
31 out of 60
Sales and Inventory Forecast
Microsoft tarafından
Use reliable forecasting to help ensure that you always have the items your customers want.
32 out of 60
Complaint Tracker
Intech Systems Pvt Ltd. tarafından
Complaint Tracker helps you completely track and Automate your Customer's Complaint Requests.
33 out of 60
K3 Pebblestone Suite
K3 Business Technology Group tarafından
The proven fashion solution tailored to fit your needs.
35 out of 60
DocuBuilder
Documizers B.V. tarafından
DocuBuilder simplifies generating, sending and signing documents from Dynamics 365 Business Central.
36 out of 60
Sana Commerce (RoW)
Sana Commerce tarafından
Make Dynamics 365 Business Central and e-commerce work as one. Trial is available in EUR and ANZ
37 out of 60
Golden EDI
Golden EDI AB tarafından
Golden EDI gives powerful advantages in your business and makes EDI easy to implement and use.
38 out of 60
Folio3 Amazon Integration Connector
Folio3 Dynamics AX Services tarafından
Connect your Amazon store & Microsoft Dynamic 365 Business Central to sync and automate data
39 out of 60
Loans Express
Solitea, a.s. tarafından
Streamline your loan management processes with Loans Express.
40 out of 60
Contract Management
Micro Apps tarafından
With Contract Management you centralize and manage your customer contracts efficiently
41 out of 60
CRM Connector
VanRoey.be tarafından
Automated data integration between Microsoft CRM and Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central
42 out of 60
Tinx Magento 2 Connector
Tinx-IT tarafından
Tinx Magento 2 connector Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central seamless integrates with Magento 2
43 out of 60
Product Configurator
Alterna tarafından
Technical and sales product configurator for your items in Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central
44 out of 60
e-Con CPQ
e-Con Solutions tarafından
Receive orders that look written by an engineer: right specs, right price, every time
46 out of 60
Anveo EDI Connect
conion media GmbH tarafından
Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) and Integration Tool for Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central
47 out of 60
ODT Rentals 365
Open Door Technology tarafından
ODT Rentals 365 North America manages rental units, quotes, contracts, and recurring invoices.
48 out of 60
Address Validation
CBR Technology Corp. tarafından
Extend Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central to include address verification functionality.
49 out of 60
TrueCommerce EDI and eCommerce (NA)
TrueCommerce tarafından
Complete EDI and eCommerce solution for Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central
50 out of 60
TRIMIT
TRIMIT Development A/S tarafından
Covers all the needs of fashion, apparel and furniture companies
51 out of 60
Sales Configurator
Abakion tarafından
Efficient Sales Configuration of Item Hierarchies and planning of Purchases and Productions.
52 out of 60
PayFabric · Secure Credit Card Processing
Nodus Technologies, Inc. tarafından
Integrated Credit Card and eCheck Processing, Receivables Automation, Self-Service Payment Portal
53 out of 60
CPQ for Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central
Experlogix tarafından
Experlogix CPQ (Configure Price Quote) - Quickly and accurately customize complex quotes and orders
54 out of 60
PSP Connect
N3 Vision AB tarafından
PSP Connect integrates with multiple Payment Service Providers (PSP) such as Klarna, Adyen and more.
55 out of 60
Shipping Manager
Abakion tarafından
Connect to shipping brokers and create waybills in Business Central to manage shipping.
56 out of 60
PosOne Integration
Amathan GmbH tarafından
PosOne - the ultimate POS/Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central Integration
57 out of 60
Price and Item Management
Apportunix tarafından
For wholesale companies: import items & prices, manage old prices and get notifications in orders.
58 out of 60
connect2Shopify
Codeunit tarafından
Connect Shopify with Microsoft Dynamics 365 Business Central
59 out of 60EDITORвЂ™S NOTE: We provided a day-to-day Hive journalist a week to utilize the internal group. Her name happens to be eliminated in the interests of her future dates (in addition to her DMs.)
It barely has to be stated, but modern relationship is, well, complicated.
Into the chronilogical age of technology, we now have great deal of preference at our fingertips. perhaps maybe maybe Not itвЂ™s a negative part of some areas (Netflix and Uber consumes, i am going to constantly love you) but obviously, it could restrict our convenience of dating in a conventional feeling.
And donвЂ™t get me started regarding the studies and tribulations of dating in a city that is big. How can you even start meeting some body in actual life in Toronto, anyhow? (ItвЂ™s been too much time, IвЂ™ve forgotten how exactly to do so.)
Certain, online dating sites had been when, way back when, viewed as a notably taboo thing to partake in, however in the last few years using the increase of social networking and our web-connected globe, dating apps are likely perhaps one of the most commonly discovered apps on anyoneвЂ™s smartphone. (That, and Candy Crush.)
Admittedly, myself an expert on dating apps having not used many in the past, I couldnвЂ™t help but be intrigued by The Inner Circle while I canвЂ™t call.
Possibly it had been the theory that I would good site personally be choosing a night out together from the screened and authorized number of people regarding the internal Circle, in place of being tossed as a pool of tens of an incredible number of users on specific other relationship apps, that received me personally in.
The internal Circle makes certain that time-wasters, ghosters, together with dreaded catfishers are weeded down, so all of thatвЂ™s kept are like-minded, intellectual, and committed people who are really interested in love. Just exactly just just What could make a mistake, actually?
First things first, the enrollment began with connecting my Facebook and LinkedIn profile for my screening that is initial procedure. After having a waiting that is brief to obtain accepted (phew!), it absolutely was time and energy to develop a step-by-step profile вЂ” by that i am talking about passions, goals, my job, and much more. This managed to get easier for The internal group to show me my possible matches predicated on pages which can be much like myself, instead of just predicated on location. Up to now, so great.
The one thing we noticed whenever getting started was the whole omission of every type of swiping, unlike other dating that is popular. The Inner Circle eliminates the swiping process entirely, linking authorized users with other people, motivating users to produce more substantial, in-depth pages in place of a tried witty, quick, one-liner bio.
(Oh, you prefer long walks from the coastline? Nice, never ever heard this one before.)
I discovered that this managed to make it much easier to find those who shared similar passions I wouldnвЂ™t have to rack my brains for ways to make conversation, or worse, deal with corny pick-up lines as myself, so. As soon as a couple of fellow users initiated discussion, it had been clear that detailing my passions, favourite spots around city, and hobbies managed to make it considerably less embarrassing to talk with a complete stranger on the web and arrange a date location that is first. Certainly much less cringe-worthy than вЂњHow much does a polar bear weigh?вЂќ
(simply which means you know, it weighs just sufficient to make new friends.)
Another interesting facet of the Inner Circle is its social way of dating by arranging and hosting occasions at regional pubs and restaurants to provide people the chance to fulfill and mingle in a social environment with other singles. You’ll be able to share your favourite bars, gyms, restaurants, or maybe more around your town and view whom else regarding The internal group likes that destination too.
When happening my very very very first The Inner Circle date with Male topic A (weвЂ™re protecting privacy here, this is certainlynвЂ™t How to get rid of some guy in 10 times), I happened to be happy to note that firstly, he seemed as their images did (check, no catfishers on right right here), and next, the first embarrassing little talk wasnвЂ™t needed. WeвЂ™d currently known our interests that are common searching each otherвЂ™s step-by-step pages, making the ability much less uncomfortable!
Possibly this entire relationship app company is less painful than we initially thought.
So, after making use of The Inner Circle for a week, did we find my soulmate?
Okay, no. But thereвЂ™s positively prospective, also it had been a method better experience than many other apps that are dating run into. ItвЂ™s definitely well well worth a shot if youвЂ™re sick and tired of endlessly swiping through pages to locate somebody worthwhile. AinвЂ™t no one got time for the.
You are able to sign up for The internal group for free, today.Collard & Collard Victorian Parlor Grand Piano$50,000.00
Lovely late 19th Century Collard & Collard Parlor Grand Piano.
The rapidell Piano Company of London, and the Collard & Collard name was produced until about 1960.
Can you find your instrument listed in these antique catalogs?
Browse the Antique Piano instruments we have for sale!
Lovely late 19th Century Collard & Collard Parlor Grand Piano.
This Is A Beautiful Example Of One Of Europe’s Premier 19th Century Piano Manufacturers
This Is A Beautiful Example Of One Of Europe’s Premier 19th Century Piano ManufacturersHow to Grow Great Tomatoes
Buying Tomato Plants
Growing Tomatoes
Determinate vs Indeterminate Tomatoes
Heirloom Tomatoes
Nothing says summer quite like eating a rich-red, perfectly-juicy tomato straight from the garden. You just can’t beat their sweet, tangy flavor that pairs perfectly with all our staple summer meals – especially the ones that come fresh off the BBQ. Here’s how to grow your own at home:
Buying Tomato Plants
One of the most popular fruits (yes, fruits – not vegetables!) to grow in all of North America, tomatoes are incredibly easy to grow! But, with hundreds of varieties to choose from, the task can seem a little daunting. The trick here is to know what you’re looking to eat. Smaller tomatoes tend to be sweeter, whereas larger ones typically have a bit more tang and are made for stacking on sandwiches and burgers.
Once you’ve picked your type, all you need to worry about is picking the right plant. Look for tomato plants that are stocky. If they’re floppy or pale green when you pick them up, put ‘em down and keep walking!
Growing Tomatoes
Tomatoes are sun lovers and should be planted somewhere they get at least 6 hours of full sun – or at least somewhere where they will see the afternoon sun. They do particularly well in containers or raised beds, where the soil will always drain well.
As much as we hate when the wind whips around our hair and clothes, tomatoes hate it twice as much without any bones holding them together. If you have a spot in your yard that’s got a little more wind protection, they’ll definitely appreciate it. The best real estate is near a light-colored, south-facing wall that they can sunbathe against all day.
Nobody likes going about their day with water in their shoes, including tomatoes. Check to see if your soil is well draining by pouring some water on the surface to see how long it takes to drain. If it takes a while or just sits there in a puddle, you’ll want to amend the soil with high-quality compost to open it up a bit. For the best performance, you’ll want evenly moist conditions and regular feeding with an organic, slow-release fertilizer like Fox Farms Tomato and Veg or MicroLife ultimate.
While we may get worried that our transplanted plants won’t root into the soil, tomatoes are actually known for their ability to sprout roots wherever the soil touches their stem – making them an easy fit. To make the most of your plant, you’ll want to bury about one-third of the plant, so long as it doesn’t require taking off too many stems.
You’ll know your tomatoes are ready for harvest when they are a nice, juicy red that looks good enough to eat. If you’re working with a variety with a unique color, though, like orange or yellow, you’ll just want to ensure they reach an even coloring. They should also be nice and firm to the touch. Snap them off the stem, leaving an inch or two intact, and enjoy!
Determinate vs Indeterminate Tomatoes
Many people picking out tomatoes for the first time are often left baffled and confused when confronted with one of the most common tomato questions: determinate or indeterminate tomatoes. What’s the difference?
Well, these terms are actually pretty simple. They’re just talking about the plant’s growth habits. Determinate tomatoes are those that don’t need pruning and
Heirloom Tomatoes
Possibly the most popular tomatoes we see here in Houston, heirlooms are old-fashioned classics that have seen a rejuvenation of popularity in recent years. They offer just the most sensational flavor and you can even keep their seeds to grow new plants again next year, where hybrids often don’t reproduce well from seed.
Whether you’re a plucking them off the vine to pop in your mouth, chopping them into salads, or adding them to your sandwiches, sauces, or dips, everyone loves a good tomato. And if you’re looking forward to enjoying them fresh from your garden this season, the time is ripe to be getting them in the ground. Stop by our garden center today and find your perfect fit for your best summer dishes ever! Don’t wait or it will be too late!!! No worries though, in Houston we get a second chance with a Fall planting in August.
They chose this name for the lovely Amazonian manatee at 熱川バナナワニ園. Meaning in Portuguese “together”, they express thankfulness to him staying with us so far and hereafter. It reminds Mei-Shun of a dog kept by the landlady of the residence Shin and she lived just after marriage. From 4th floor balcony, she often called him Jun-jun who never looked up to find her.VTi
VTi-L
Make: Honda
Model: Odyssey
Released: Jan 1970
Discontinued: May 2004
1 Mar 2000
By BYRON MATHIOUDAKIS
After five years, Honda’s all-new Odyssey people mover provided more space, performance, refinement and economy, although it never strayed far from the 1995 original’s homely looks.During its four-year tenure nothing touched the Honda as a complete seven-seat package.The model also ushered in a fabulous 154kW/270Nm 3.0 V6-engined V6L variant (mated to a slick five-speed auto gearbox), which added a more luxurious six-seater bucket chair-feel to an impressively engineered vehicle.This is one case where the manufacturer's claims of car-like comfort are not to be dismissed as pure hype.Meanwhile a four-speed automatic, 110kW/206Nm 2.3-litre VTEC base Odyssey provided for the majority of Odyssey buyers.The V6 was split into two models from early ’03.
GoAutoNews is Australia’s number one automotive industry journal covering the latest news, future and new model releases, market trends, industry personnel movements, and international events.It is free to search locals
My name is Mike and my beautiful wife's name is Maggie. Maggie teaches sex education (a natural for her) and coaches the girls' cross-country group. We have 3 lovely children. She's very fully grown for her age and is a wonderful lady. Just last summer he really left behind his boylike look and is beginning to take on the chiselled appearance of his grandfather. To everybody in the community, we must appear the common American household, however they do not see what our household is truly about. You see, Maggie and I aren't your typical couple. Our dads were both professional athletes. Our moms and dads were also swingers.
My sis, Peg (four years my younger), and I were constantly catching them in some sex act. It was simply a natural progression of our household life and I loved it. Nearly every day I found my hard teen-age dick inside either my mom or my sibling's hole. Typically, I would awaken to the sound of Peg begging for Dad to fuck her more difficult (she has actually always been a morning individual). Sometimes I would wander into her room and let her blow me while Dad finished reaming her bare little cunt.
My Dad and Maggie's Dad knew each other and had played together on the very same team early in their professions, so naturally, our households got together. I'll never forget the very first time I saw Maggie. Maggie has constantly been a error - like my sis. Fuck me, Daddy! FUCK MY ASS! Fill my ass with your COCK! she had actually scream whenever she let her bro, Brad's cock fall from her mouth. I was in love.
We did wed just a few years later. Maggie became pregnant right now and gave birth to Molly. Over the next a number of years we had the other two kids. Our families helped us look after the kids and we lived with both parents for a while as we went to and finished college. We then proceeded with the local school district and have been working here for ten years. Maggie and I have certainly not lost our sexual fervour. We live for it. There hasn't been much that we haven't done or attempted sexually. After 10 years, we've developed a strong group of good friends who join us in our sexual exploits. For Maggie's 30th birthday, I organized loved ones for a unique gang-bang with 30 males.
Maggie has several fetishes, one of which is golden showers. Maggie liked it. We know they have actually captured us more than as soon as and, to be honest, it thrilled us that they would want to watch. Since sex was part of our households growing up, we never ever desired to hide it from them. We figured that if the kids were interested in continuing the household's incestuous custom, then it would occur naturally.
call girl St Breward PL30, brothels St Breward PL30, prostitutes St Breward PL30, hookers St Breward PL30, sluts St Breward PL30, whores St Breward PL30, gfe St Breward PL30, girlfriend experience St Breward PL30, shagging St Breward PL30, dogging St Breward PL30, fuck buddy St Breward PL30, hookups St Breward PL30, free sex St Breward PL30, sex meet St Breward PL30, nsa sex St Breward PL30
Areas near byThis past Shabbat, we studied the Torah portion Emor, Leviticus 21:1-24:23. This portion tells of the physical and moral standards of the Levites, the tribe dedicated to the priestly duties of the Israelite community, as in verses 21:1-4: “None shall defile himself for any [dead} person among his kin except for the relatives that are closest to him.: his mother, his father, his son, his daughter, and his brother; also for a virgin sister, close to him because she is not married, for her he may defile himself. But he shall not defile himself as a kinsman by marriage, and so profane himself.” (Coming in contact with blood relatives is identified as “profaning,” why?)
Further, in 21:5, “They shall not shave smooth any part of their heads, or cut the side-growth of their beards, or gashes in their flesh.” In 21:7, “They shall not marry a woman degraded by harlotry, nor shall they marry one divorced from her husband.” In 21:9, “When the daughter of a priest degrades herself through harlotry, it is her father whom she degrades; she shall be put to the fire.” (This is the emphasis on the behavior of the women related to the priest-wife or daughter, not on the male children of the priests.) The ban on shaving their heads or beards must have been a mark of distinction, a badge signifying a member of this special class of men. And, in a patriarchal society, the behavior of the wives and daughters of the priests is reflective of the control men had over women.
Strict moral and physical standards are placed upon the Levites: “He shall not go in where there is any dead body; he shall not go outside the sanctuary and profane the sanctuary of his God, for upon him is the distinction of the anointing oil of his God, Mine the LORD’s. He may marry only a woman who is a virgin. (21:12-13) “A widow a divorced woman, or a woman in “harlotry”, a priest could not marry.
Verses 21:17-32 says, “No man of your offspring throughout the ages who has a defect shall be qualified to offer the food of his God,” such as the blind, the lame, one with a limb too short or too long, or broken limb, or a dwarf, or affected with scurvy, or blind or with crushed testes or a number of other physical defects. What is the basis of this? It could be that, as the priests are to offer to God the finest animals and produce of the land, ones with no defects and blemishes, the priests themselves are offerings to God.
Photo by cottonbro on Pexels.comstable (∞,1)-category of spectra
symmetric smash product of spectra
Spanier-Whitehead duality
Serre functors were introduced by Aleksei Bondal and Mikhail Kapranov to study admissible subcategories? of triangulated categories. A Serre functor on a triangulated category is an exact functor such that for any objects and , . It does not always exist, but when it does it is unique up to graded natural isomorphism.
The Serre functor is a powerful tool for working with the derived category of coherent sheaves on a variety.
In the original paper, the following definition was given.
Let be a -linear triangulated category with finite-dimensional Hom‘s and algebraically closed. A Serre functor is an additive equivalence that commutes with the translation functor, with bi-functorial isomorphisms for any objects and , such that the composite
coincides with the isomorphism induced by .
In fact, the last commutativity condition can be deduced from just the bi-functoriality of , and commutativity with the translation functor also follows from a proposition below. Hence, the following definition is seen in later papers.
Let be a -linear category with finite-dimensional Hom‘s and an arbitrary field. A Serre functor is an additive equivalence with bi-functorial isomorphisms for any objects and .
Of course, formally the definition could be used in categories enriched over a symmetric monoidal category with a sufficiently nice involution.
In the derived category of finite-dimensional vector spaces over , the identity functor is a Serre functor.
In the derived category of coherent sheaves on a smooth projective variety , the functor is a Serre functor, in view of Serre-Grothendieck duality?, where is the canonical sheaf and is the dimension of .
Any autoequivalence commutes with a Serre functor: there is a natural graded isomorphism of functors .
Any Serre functor in a triangulated category is exact? (i.e. distinguished triangles are mapped to distinguished triangles).
Any two Serre functors are connected by a canonical graded functorial isomorphism that commutes with the isomorphisms in the definition of the Serre functor.
The original paper and English translation:
А. И. Бондал, М. М. Капранов, Представимые функторы, функторы Серра и перестройки, Изв. АН СССР. Сер. матем., 53:6 (1989), 1183–1205 pdf
Alexei I. Bondal, Mikhail M. Kapranov, Representable functors, Serre functors, and mutations, Izv. Akad. Nauk SSSR Ser. Mat. 53 (1989), no. 6, 1183–1205, 1337.
The following paper gives the corrected definition and also demonstrates the utility of the Serre functor as a tool for working with the derived category of coherent sheaves on a variety (c.f. Bondal-Orlov reconstruction theorem):
See also:The Next Digital Imaging Group meeting takes place in the Tangmere Village Centre Small Hall starting promptly at 7.30pm. Both club members and visitors are very welcome to attend. There will be a small charge for the evening to cover costs £3 for members and £4 for visitors/guests.
John Bradshaw FRPS will be showing us various techniques to make our black and white images really stand out using both ACR [Adobe Camera RAW] and Photoshop. He’ll even show you how to produce images to emulate old darkroom techniques such as Bromoil.
As requested at our September meeting Sheila Tester DPAGB EFIAP will also be demonstrating Dodging, Burning and blending modes in Photoshop.Homecoming 2014 is just around the corner, and our favorite dress designers at Rissy Roo's have been all over the maps with famous celebrities wearing their gorgeous semi-formal and formal dresses. Our newest update for you is a celeb that was caught wearing an ALYCE Paris homecoming dress!
Vine star and celebrity Courtney SelfieC Schmidt posted a picture recently of herself in ALYCE Paris style 4410, and she looked so gorgeous in it! You all know that we love dress designer ALYCE Paris, but we love Courtney SelfieC just as much because of how she came to be famous...through the social media site Vine! Courtney put herself out in the open and worked her skills on Vine to get 1 MILLION followers on her account! Now, she's become so famous that she's all over red carpet events and meeting all sorts of celebrities. And, she's clearly a hard-worker because not only is she a famous Viner, but she is also is a high school student, is on the school swim team....and on top of all of that, she's a super nice person. So check her out rocking AlYCE 4410 so perfectly below!
Alyce style 4410 is a blue dress with a crop top and an A-line skirt that's effortlessly flattering. This strapless dress features a heavily beaded sequined top and coordinating pleated skirt with beaded sequin waistband. Crop tops are so on-trend for Homecoming 2014, and if you watch some of Courtney's Vines, you'll see that she's all about crop tops not only for formal and semi-formal events, but for every day casual, too.
Want to learn a little more about Courtney? Watch some of our favorite Vines from her here:Sustainability
METRO SUSTAINABLE
Our society faces unprecedented economic, environmental, social and cultural challenges. We are convinced that sustainability is the key to transforming these challenges into opportunities.
As a partner to independent business owners along the entire value chain, we do more for business-passionate people – in a responsible way. This reflects the core of our business and our sustainability approach METRO SUSTAINABLE.
Since our focus is on the food sector, this means improving our ‘foodprint’ while minimising our footprint. In concrete terms, this means: We strive to positively impact the availability, consistency, health and social and environmental safety of food, prevent food waste and make our product and service offerings more sustainable overall, as well as to provide efficient solutions to simplify our customers’ business activities. At the same time, we want to minimise our environmental and social footprint by responsibly managing people and resources and creating a positive impact on society overall.
It is our vision to make retail more sustainable along the value chain in our work with small and medium-sized independent suppliers and customers and in contact with consumers. By reconciling our needs and goals with the needs of nature, people and future generations, we can act responsibly, remain successful in the long term and overcome the conventional limits of growth. Through information, inspiration, motivation and support of our employees, customers and partners, this visionary approach has the potential to reach millions of people.
The guiding principles for us are the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). These goals also form the global action framework for our corporate strategy, which is shaped by the principle of sustainability. Inspired by the SDGs, we have refined our sustainability approach. With our areas of responsibility (Empower) People, (Secure) Planet, (Unfold) Prosperity and (Enhance) Partnerships, we support the SDGs, in particular the goals in which we are most directly involved: 2 (Zero Hunger), 8 (Decent Work and Economic Growth), 12 (Responsible Consumption and Production), 13 (Climate Action) and 17 (Partnerships for the Goals).
Environmental matters
A responsible consumption of energy and other natural resources is crucial for all of us. The use of resources has a direct effect on our operating costs and may entail undesirable environmental implications, such as the emission of climate-damaging greenhouse gases. Our approach is to reduce the climate-relevant emissions caused by our business operations and our consumption of natural resources.1 We do this by focusing on behavioural change (Energy Awareness Programme) and investment aimed at increasing our energy efficiency (Energy Saving Programme). Wherever possible, we are also converting our cooling systems to natural refrigerants (F-Gas Exit Programmes). This reduces our energy requirements as well as our costs. In financial year 2017/18, among other things, we invested €10 million in METRO Wholesale’s Energy Saving Programme, which saves us approximately €2.8 million in energy costs each year.
1 Due to the company size and alignment (management), the aspect of environmental matters is not significant for the holding company, METRO AG.
Climate protection target status
Greenhouse gas emissions in kg CO2 (CO2 equivalent)
per m2 of selling and delivery space
Further key focal issues in relation to sustainable business operations are the prevention of waste, the reuse of resources and their recovery by means of recycling. The reduction of food waste is an issue of particular importance to the operations of METRO. METRO has therefore committed itself to the Resolution on Food Waste by the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) and thus to eliminate 50% of wasted food in our own operations by the year 2025 compared to 2016.
Social matters
Supplier development
In order to offer our customers an assortment that meets their requirements, the availability, condition, quality and sustainability of our products play an important role. We have influence on this through direct contact with our suppliers as producers and manufacturers. By training small and medium-sized suppliers on aspects of food safety, hygiene, processing and implementation of fair working conditions, we enable them to meet relevant standards and thus help them merchandise their goods. This increases their revenue and simultaneously secures our product range.2
2 Due to the business alignment, supplier development is not a significant aspect for the holding company METRO AG.
Respect for human rights
Respect for human rights is one of the fundamental values of the METRO group, as formalised in our ‘Policy for Human Rights’. We pledge to respect all human rights, as set out in the United Nations’ Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work of the International Labour Organization (ILO). This obligation applies to our own employees and to our business partners within our value chain.3
3 For the holding company METRO AG, the aspect of human rights in the supply chain is not essential owing to its business alignment but rather only in relation to its own employees.
Global labour and social standards in the supply chain
We aim to contribute to ensuring socially acceptable working conditions within our sourcing channels. Social standards systems enable us to take effective action against any potential violations. We will therefore require our producers to be audited in accordance with the supply chain management standard set out by the Amfori Business Social Compliance Initiative (Amfori BSCI) or an equivalent standard. This applies to all producers in certain high-risk countries (based on the Amfori BSCI rating) that manufacture imported goods for METRO SOURCING. It also applies to the producers of non-food items for our own-brand products and our own import products. All suppliers producing for us4 must prove at least acceptable audit results by 1 January 2019.
4 This includes merchandise producers (non-food own-brand products and own non-food imports) in high-risk countries that carry out the final significant value-creating production step, for example produce the final item of clothing.
In order to not only ensure the social requirements of our suppliers, but also to contribute to improving them and thereby further increasing the proportion of valid audits, METRO SOURCING works with our local producers and supports them through training courses designed to understand and comply with social standards.
Social audits relating to own imports by METRO SOURCING and non-food own-brand products of the METRO sales lines
as of the closing date of 30/9
- For more information, see the Annual Report 2017/18 at and also the Corporate Responsibility Report 2017/18 at.Eco-Friendly Beach Retreat
Superhost
Entire bungalow hosted by Kim
- 7 guests
- 2 bedrooms
- 5 beds
- 1 bath
Entire home
You’ll have the bungalow, 2 single beds
What this place offers
Beach access – Beachfront
Kitchen
Free parking on premises
Pets allowed
Patio or balcony
Backyard
Long term stays allowed
Unavailable: Carbon monoxide alarm
Unavailable: Smoke alarm
Select check-in date
Add your travel dates for exact pricing
4.73 out of 5 stars from 63 reviews
Cleanliness
Accuracy
Communication
Location
Check-in
Value
- 95 Reviews
- Identity verified
- Superhost
I enjoy the outdoors, especially fishing. Spending time with family and friends is always top priority. I have a love of travelling around New Zealand, finding all the special smaller places to explore. Or just enloying reading a book or looking at the amazing views of the sea from home.
I enjoy the outdoors, especially fishing. Spending time with family and friends is always top priority. I have a love of travelling around New Zealand, finding all the special smal…
Kim is a Superhost
Superhosts are experienced, highly rated hosts who are committed to providing great stays for guests.
- Response rate: 80%
- Response time: within a day
To protect your payment, never transfer money or communicate outside of the Airbnb website or app.Suwanee's Team USA weightlifters finally counting down to Tokyo Summer Olympics
SUWANEE, Ga. - For the last few years, Jourdan Delacruz and Harrison Maurus have had dreams of walking with Team USA during the Tokyo Olympics Opening Ceremony, were planning to snatch up tickets to watch other sports at the 2020 summer games, and had been looking ahead to their first Olympic experience.
One by one, the weightlifters’ Olympic qualifying events were being canceled in spring 2020.
"That was probably one of the harder aspects of the past year, especially for me because I am more of a planner," Maurus told FOX 5 Sports. "There were several instances where it was like, OK, this is your next competition. And then we would get within a couple weeks and they would cancel it again. That happened several times, and it’s really something that I just had to learn to take in stride."
"By the end, I got pretty good at it," he said, laughing.
RELATED: Tokyo Olympics: Japan’s top medical adviser says 'no fans' safest
But Delacruz, Maurus and fellow Team USA hopeful Kate Nye continued to train at Power & Grace Performance in Suwanee during the height of the pandemic, after getting special permission from the city to train, six people at a time, six feet apart.
"We’re lucky we don’t have to go to a pool. There’s so many sports that don’t have the privilege we do of being a garage sport," coach Spencer Arnold told FOX 5 Sports. "It wasn’t ideal by any stretch of the imagination, but it was better than not. There were so many sports — wrestling couldn’t wrestle, swimming couldn’t swim, and there were a lot of sports that couldn’t do anything."
Then, the 2020 summer games were postponed.
"I didn’t think they would cancel it or postpone it. That was mind-blowing," Delacruz told FOX 5 Sports.
Finally, this past spring, the final Olympic qualifying events were held.
RELATED: Serena Williams says she will not play at Tokyo Olympics
In April, Delacruz, 22, helped the Team USA women defend their 2019 Pan American team title, with the team scoring 25 medals in all: 13 gold, seven silver and five bronze. Delacruz set new American and Pan American records in the 49 kg weight category, with a gold-medal performance in Best Snatch (89 kg), Best Clean & Jerk (111 kg), and total (200 kg).
The 21-year-old Maurus competing in the 81 kg weight category, captured bronze with his Best Snatch (150 kg), Best Clean & Jerk (190 kg), and total (340 kg).
Then in May, Delacruz, Maurus and Nye were officially nominated to the so-called 2020 Olympic team.
"I didn’t know what the protocols were going to be going forward, but I’m just super thankful that it is happening," Delacruz said. "I know it’s going to be a little different. The Olympic experience is not going to be as spectacular as I had dreamed, but I’m just really glad that it’s happening."
The competitions will be familiar to the athletes this summer, but the games themselves will be completely different: no opening ceremony, no typical Olympic village, daily COVID-19 tests even for the vaccinated, and athletes prohibited from staying in Tokyo for more than a few days.
USA Weightlifting is hosting a bubble-type base in Hawaii that family and friends can join as the athletes take turns flying across the Pacific Ocean.
"So we’ll compete, and then we’ll leave," Delacruz said. "Just because Hawaii and Japan’s time difference is so big, I’ll actually land back in Hawaii the same day that I competed in Japan, which will be a crazy day. It’ll be a wild day."
But really, that isolated setup will be closest to these athletes’ new normal.
"I think the pandemic oddly kind of prepared them for it," Arnold said. "It’s an odd thing that they’ve already kind of lived that, like how do we limit what we’re doing for the sake of safety but at the same time continue to perform? They’ve kind of already lived that. It’ll be like reproducing that with a little bit of a bigger stage."
And Arnold thinks his three weightlifters are even more ready for that big international stage now than they would have been in summer 2020.
"I’ve just seen (Jourdan) get continually better," Arnold said. "So my expectations of we’re going to hit this, well we already hit that, we already hit that, so literally I think the color of the medal she’s capable of has increased over the course of the year."
"I would say this is the next and final stage," Delacruz said. "Every competition was building up to this one. I’m hoping to come out with personal records and really just the meet of my life. That’s my lofty goal."
This summer, Team USA is bringing its biggest team of weightlifters to the Olympics since the 1996 games were played in Atlanta.
Arnold said feeder sports like gymnastics and cheerleading — backgrounds that Maurus and Delacruz, respectively, came from — and the popularity of Crossfit have helped athletes discover competitive weightlifting, but he feels USA Weightlifting allowing personal coaches to work with athletes across the country has set a standard.
Now having been in the growing sport several years, he will see his three athletes compete on the sport’s biggest stage.
"To watch them kind of hit the benchmarks along the way that we only dreamed of back then, it’s just really fulfilling to be the guy that kind of gets to stand behind them when they do that," he said.
The Tokyo Olympic games kick off on July 23, with weightlifting events running from July 24 to Aug. 4.
WATCH: FOX 5 Atlanta live news coverage
_____
Advertisement
Download the FOX 5 Atlanta app for breaking news and weather alerts.This Reddit guy made some major mistakes within his time, plus one of this huge types ended up being that he kept asking in what form of trauma she experience. It ought to be painfully obvious that traumatization is certainly not some thing your talk about on a first and even second big date, but this person got determined to obtain the solutions. Whenever she held not wanting, he actually accepted that he had been drawn to “damaged products.’ Demonstrably, he failed to have another time with this specific girl.
“some guy I know grabbed a lady i understand on a night out together, at some time, he going asking, really, that which was completely wrong along with her. He asked about what type of stress she’d gone through, and kept on prying when she failed to should simply tell him. “
“. At some point in this conversation, he asserted that he’d always discovered themselves attracted to, and that I quote, ‘damaged merchandise.’ Avoid being him.”
But this really does hookup apps college increase a fascinating point in what men are considering when they’re hoping to get to know you. You will find most likely lots of dudes which ponder regarding what sorts of worst instances you’ve been through in earlier times, even if they may be as well courteous to really enquire about it.
4 Use The F.O.R.D. Phrase Whenever Asking Concerns
You will find a set of policies regarding asking issues on a date, and a few people might already be aware of this. You are meant to stay inside the areas of family members, profession, relaxing, and hopes and dreams (FORD for brief). Accorind for this guy on Reddit,
“everyone choose state FORD is a great lot of subjects (parents, job, fun, aspirations) aˆ” and they’re, no doubt. In addition they will tell steer clear of. Faith, Politics, Business Economics. but that is where I highly disagree. these items is important understand eventually, for me.”
It’s some acronyms that need to be quite very easy to remember, so that as this person explains, it is usually a good call to consider these policies.
But that doesn’t mean that men should not find out about faith, government or Economics. It’s simply which they’ve started advised to not. Some men in fact really do want they may find out about a few of these situations, as many of them are very vital. But most keep their unique tongues, and for good reason.
3 Is It Possible To Spend?
It’s to get one of many funniest issues all men want they may inquire, although few ever before manage, and for clear reasons. The longest energy, it has been thought about a firm customs that guys pay for the date, referring to probably never ever browsing changes. But some men can be curious the reason why this customs even is present, along with to declare, it can seem sensible. Whenever we’re going to feel writing about male and female equality, shouldn’t we at the very least feel splitting the bill with regards to the initial few dates?
“Can you pay? I remaining my personal wallet yourself.”
Of course, that is not exactly what this Reddit consumer wishes aˆ” the guy does not want to split the bill, he wishes your ex to fund every little thing! This may make the girl make fun of, but this question for you is probably more likely to actually infuriate the majority of women, whenever they understand that he’s not joking. But what if he actually did allow their wallet at your home? In such a case, we could surely recognize how this might be one of the more awkward inquiries actually in an initial go out situation.
But hey, you will never know aˆ” maybe there is going to are available a day if it is thought about customs for your girl to cover food, perhaps not the chap. That could be things, wouldn’t it?
2 Really Does She Shave Her Legs?
We aren’t sure how a woman would respond if some guy arrived appropriate aside and asked the girl whether she shaves their feet, but we are around good it mightn’t go lower well, particularly in a primary go out situation. Then again again, we are able to form of realize why men would want to inquire this question. While some women are taking on the hairiness of these legs today, it’s usually perhaps not viewed as an appealing quality for many men out there. And adore it or perhaps not, which is probably a thing that guys include thinking about when on a primary day.
“I wish it wasn’t strange for my situation to inquire about whether a girl shaves the woman legs. I mean, exactly why is that these a big deal? Really don’t realise why lady respond so badly to it, and that I’ve actually got a female merely operate and then leave as I expected the lady that!”
The guy who uploaded this on Reddit says which he truly doesn’t see why it really is this type of an issue to inquire of this matter. Plus different ways, that makes feel.
What is from the personal norms which state it’s not possible to ask specific questions, and inquire other individuals? Must not we be more available about just about everything?
If you were on a night out together and some guy expected your this as he was still getting to know you, how could your respond? Do you really simply tell him the facts, or is it possible you get upset?What We Know: Week 1 Offense
After each full week of Missouri's preseason camp, PowerMizzou.com will take a position-by-position look at how the Tigers stand. What do we know? What don't we know? We'll mix in key quotes and opinion, as well.
Let's start on the offensive side and see what we know after one full week (and a few days) of preseason camp. We'll break down the defense on Sunday.
Quarterback
-- No starter has been officially announced, but it still seems that Drew Lock will get the nod for the 2016 season. However, even if it is the sophomore from Lee's Summit, there seems to be little doubt that both quarterbacks will play.
Josh Heupel talked about his experience using a two-quarterback system in our Aug. 4 notebook.
Now, if Marvin Zanders does indeed get some reps, it remains to be seen what that split will look like. Zanders told me he "wouldn't be surprised" if they were splitting series against West Virginia. My guess here is that we will really have no idea until Sep. 3, as the staff probably wants to keep the specifics as quiet as possible
WILL A FRESHMAN PLAY?: Not likely.
Running back
-- Like quarterback, no starter has been announced. However, it seems like the top three guys at this point are Alex Ross, Damarea Crockett and Ish Witter. Ross was brought in with the expectation that he would take over the backfield; Crockett may be even more ahead of schedule given that he's gone from 210 to 225 pounds since the start of summer. Witter may be getting overlooked by us at this point, but given that he's the most experienced player amongst the group (with the most career carries), he's going to be in the rotation this year.
-- What about JUCO transfer Natereace Strong? He's starting to make an impression, but Cornell Ford admitted that Strong -- like many guys who don't arrive at the start of their first summer -- needs to get in better shape. That will come in time. For now, though, it looks like he's still working to break into that rotation of Ross, Crockett and Witter.
(Of course, camp doesn't end today, so there's time left.)
-- The only injury of note is a hamstring injury to Ryan Williams. Williams has been held out since Monday's practice, but Barry Odom didn't seem to think it was anything major.
WILL A FRESHMAN PLAY?: Yes. Damarea Crockett already seems to have settled into the top rotation.
Receiver
-- Not much has come into focus here. The top three guys appear to be J'Mon Moore, Eric Laurent and Chris Black. At certain times, I feel like just about every receiver has been mentioned in a positive light. It's really tough to get a read on if there is clear separation or if everyone is still jumbled together.
Cornerback T.J. Warren -- who was atop the depth chart before his hamstring injury that's kept him out since Monday -- did say that he thought J'Mon Moore is the toughest receiver to cover because of his blend of size and athleticism.
-- In a recent move, walk-on receiver Oke Akushe has moved to cornerback. He's switched numbers from 88 to 9. Akushe showed some flashes in Spring 2015 but was not eligible to play last year.
-- The group has been hit by a slight injury bug, however. Black (hamstring), Emanuel Hall (hamstring) and Justin Smith (knee) are all dealing with minor injuries. It sounded like Smith's was feared to be more serious, as Odom said he had an X-ray and MRI after it flared up, but it just needed to be drained.
WILL A FRESHMAN PLAY? Yes. The way the staff talks about Dimetrios Mason, that seems like a foregone conclusion.
Tight end
-- It still seems obvious after the first week that the top three at the position are Sean Culkin, Jason Reese and Kendall Blanton. Blanton may actually be nipping at the older players' heels more than previously though. This position will likely be a rotation this year regardless, and one that will change based on the situation. It's also a position that has remained healthy through the first week.
-- The two freshmen -- Brendan Scales and Albert Okwuegbunam (Oak-woo-EG-boo-nahm, by the way) -- are making strong early impression on their teammates. Culkin said Scales is a thicker, stronger athlete; Okwuegbunam is a little rangier and has more experience split wide as a receiver. That's where he played in college.
Anyway, Okwuegbunam told me on Friday that the team is utilizing the two freshmen in different ways, based on their skillset, but didn't expand on how specifically they are being used.
WILL A FRESHMAN PLAY? Most likely, though this isn't as close to a slam-dunk as receiver or running back. Based on numbers, and the fact that Culkin is gone after this season, it still seems likely that one of the two freshmen will play. That would also split them up, eligibility-wise.
Offensive line
-- Besides Nate Crawford's medical retirement, the line is relatively healthy. The only injury of note is to A.J. Harris, as he comes back to full contact after wrist surgery in July. He's been doing some drills, just not full contact.
-- Missouri got a reinforcement this week, as Memphis grad transfer Michael Stannard was cleared. Stannard is 6-2, 290-pounds and has nine career starts under his belt. It's still unclear where he fits into the depth chart, but having experience can't hurt. He's working at guard and center.
-- The current starting center is redshirt sophomore Samson Bailey. Bailey arrived at Missouri weighing 245 pounds; he now weighs 290. He really does look like he's taking the same physical trajectory as Justin Britt. In a year or two, Bailey could well be over 300 pounds. If he's the starting center this year, however, he's going to be on the lighter side.
-- Kyle Mitchell, a JUCO transfer, started camp at left tackle but now he's moved to right guard.
-- From talking to players and coaches, if the season were today, the starting line from right to left would be Paul Adams, Alec Abeln, Bailey, Kevin Pendleton and Tyler Howell.
WILL A FRESHMAN PLAY? Yes. Looks like both Trystan Castillo and Tre'Vour Simms will at the very least be on the two-deep to start the season.Game blockchain explorer
Dragon Hunt is the best choice for gaming website to attract the gamers across the world live in their fantasy world of virtual lives, strategies, rivalry, and entering the realm of unknown. The animation used is really nice and for sure your online gamers will love to come back to your website, game blockchain explorer. Gaming Store is a great website template with a single sliding layout. The template will make your business grow like crazy on the Internet to impress your audience with colorful designs and many good features.
He has caught just about everything thrown his way and is the only Power Five wide receiver outside of Waddle to generate a perfect 158, game blockchain explorer.
Game blockchain explorer
Changelly launched a custom blockchain explorer in partenership with enjin, while on the other hand, more gaming adoption coming to the. Chromia explorer is a fully decentralized blockchain explorer, which allows. Kogs-powered games are breaking the boundaries of blockchain’s capabilities. Anyone can verify uniqueness using a public blockchain explorer — a useful. Blockchain explorer has announced a multiverse of interconnected games based on blockchain, similar to ready player one. Deposit some funds, and start playing our coolest of casino games for real. Chiliz ($chz) is the official, exclusive cryptocurrency fuelling the socios. Com fan voting platform — home of the official fan tokens for pgs & juventus. Visit the cartesi explorer arrow right. Vietnamese game developer startup sky mavis has raised $7. 5 million in series a funding round to further develop its blockchain game axie. One interesting new blockchain-enabled development focuses on transferring the ownership of in-game assets from developers to players. Cryptokitties was the first widely recognized blockchain game. Players could own, breed, and trade kitties, which are the only prop in the game. Check out the live xrpl markets here. Bch was a hard fork of the bitcoin blockchain in 2017. The side chain split from the bitcoin. What is the game credits platform? blockchain in-game items are the next big thing in gaming. With game credits, every game is a blockchain game, Deciding the bets usually depends on the popularity of the event, game blockchain explorer.
Popular Table Games:
Bcasino Pharaos Riches
Boa Boa Casino Fish Party
Diamond Reels Casino Joker Millions
CryptoGames Hercules Son of Zeus
Syndicate Casino Astronomical
1xSlots Casino Wu Long
Dafabet Slotomoji
mBit Casino Lucky Haunter
777 Casino FruitsLand
Bitcasino.io Dollars to Donuts
Sportsbet.io Take 5
Bspin.io Casino Egypt Gods
Mars Casino Stunning Hot 20 Deluxe
Bitcasino.io Chinese New Year
PNXBET Casino Arcade Bomber
Полностью готовый к запуску сайт онлайн-казино с интегрированным игровым контентом и платежными системами. Icon bitcoin casino features. In is a bitcoin casino that offers the simplest hi lo dice game on the internet with only one goal in mind: to help you multiply your bitcoins by up to. Join bitcasino today play with 24/7 live dealers, slots, dice and table games register anonymously. Bet is a high-quality dice game with unique features like 7-day streak bonus or wager contest! each dice roll provides a lot of excitement and fun! Are bitcoin casinos legal and regulated? while bitcoin is decentralized and not controlled by any government, many online casinos that accept the primary. Bitcoin casinos are all the rave in the online gambling world right now; many gamblers prefer bitcoin casinos to conventional casinos as the. Uk’s best bitcoin casinos for 2021: advantages, safety and gambling. The rise of bitcoin, sometimes. As it becomes clear, online casino gambling with crypto coins is not. Bitsler offers casino games like dice, slots and roulette with bitcoin, ethereum, ripple and 17 other cryptocurrencies. Win part of our $1000000+ yearly gambling. Bsd forum — member profile > profile page. User: best bitcoin casino ever, best bitcoin casino bonus with deposit, title: new member, about: best bitcoin. Explosino — online casino for bitcoin and regular money — casino bitcoin play online | online casino for real money play | bitcoin gambling. 20 free spins for. Discover the best bitcoin casinos for 2021! we tested over 60 crypto casinos and ranked them based on bonuses, gaming experience, and security
Game blockchain explorer, game blockchain explorer
Nice video Tim, always love to see the 3 reels, game blockchain explorer. Good to see DTD be nice at Foxies, it was not nice to me last year. I love the slow mo effect on the DD bar bar hit. Cheers and stay safe! TheBigPayback — Slot Machine Videos. Top 50 online slots The latest from the enjin x team, the new blockchain explorer by enjin, confirms the support of erc 1155 tokens standard collectibles. Webseite, explorer, soziale netzwerke usw. Enter into the vikings atmosphere as a real explorer. Our players have been traveling back in time to experience fjord´s life. Flow is a fast, secure, and developer-friendly blockchain built to support the next generation of games, apps, and the digital assets that power them. Can be accessed by anyone through the dmarket blockchain nft explorer. "blockchain explorer for peerplays" winning other web or app design by 99rodolfo. What’s most special about blockchain games is the assetization of game items and characters on the users side. It’s called the ‘tokenization’ of. Cryptoslate is only an informational website that provides news about coins, blockchain companies, blockchain products and blockchain events. Note new games usually appear automatically in the games explorer folder. Createbase hackathon: nft gaming dao. Top of a robust on-chain infrastructure and comprised of the enjin platform, explorer,
BTC casino winners:
Glorious Rome — 715.5 eth
Seadogs Story — 332.4 btc
Queen of Thrones — 116.5 doge
Nuclear Fishin’ — 686.3 bch
Rome Warrior — 109.4 usdt
Demon Jack 27 — 295.9 bch
Illusions 2 — 1.6 eth
Girls with Guns Frozen Dawn — 428.7 eth
The Wild Chase — 47.3 ltc
Scary Rich — 515.4 eth
Oh Catrina — 350.8 bch
Double Dragons — 683.1 btc
Wacky Wedding — 623.3 eth
Sparks — 325.5 eth
Spellcast — 304 ltc
Btc casino, game blockchain android
Instead, there is a more subdued atmosphere, so that you are able to concentrate on what you are doing while you are at the table. It can help to bring the fun back for you, game blockchain explorer. Bugsy Siegel Memorial Outside the Wedding Chapel at the Flamingo Hotel By Jarhed via Wikimedia Commons. Vendors in Venezuela have started to accept crypto instead of accepting fiat currency since their rate of inflation has been so volatile with their economic condition reaching crisis levels, game blockchain explorer.
With this approach, you will be responsible for all marketing and attracting players to the site of your online casino, game blockchain explorer. Windows crypto nsa
You can use bitcoin to make your deposits not only at regular online gambling platforms. At mobile phone online casinos bitcoin is also accepted as a viable. Bitcoin casinos are safe, as long as you know the gambling risks, you familiar with your gambling limits and make sure your funds are secured in the balance. Bitcoin casino games & online gambling. Bitcoin is an open-source crypto currency which, unlike traditional fiat currencies, is not tied to a central banking. Play a wide range of casino games securely and anonymously using bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. Bitcoin operates in a decentralized financial network, which means that no institution controls it. This allows online casinos to offer btc games unrestrictedly in. In order to purchase bitcoins for playing on australian online on line casino sites, you can contact varied australian bitcoin trade corporations. Bitsler offers casino games like dice, slots and roulette with bitcoin, ethereum, ripple and 17 other cryptocurrencies. Win part of our $1000000+ yearly gambling. Data awareness programme forum — member profile > profile page. User: mobile online bitcoin casino. No deposit bonus australia, title:. Blockhelden | klettern und bouldern in bamberg & erlangen forum — mitgliedsprofil > profil seite. Benutzer: chumba casino bitcoin. Bitcoin gambling is the new frontier in online gaming. Slots lv bitcoin casino. Ccgc forum — member profile > profile page. User: top 10 mobile bitcoin casino games, top 10 bitcoin slot bitcoin casinos, title: new member. Gambling with big money (free money) is always quite amusing, best bitcoin casino
Learn how your comment data is processed, btc casino. This is AWESOME stuff man! Please keep writing more things like this. I really like the fact you went so in depth on this and really explored the topic as much as you did. Biggest casino market in the world Metadata handler Provides read and write access to metadata (properties) stored in a file. This can be used to extend the Details view, infotips, the property page, and grouping features, game blockchain platform. Dengan gol yang mereka ciptakan di laga ini, Belotti dan Caputo sama-sama naik ke puncak daftar top skor Liga Italia. Keduanya mengemas 5 gol, game blockchain platform. Although according to the ranking of the Loom by dapps, game blockchain explorer. You can develop your own blockchain using Loom without any knowledge of the infrastructure of the blockchain. However, opponents of casino gambling argue that the social and economic consequences of gambling far outweigh the revenue, game blockchain la gi. Casinos are mainly built near hotels and other shopping facilities as a marketing strategy and also to offer those visiting a city a variety of option for their entertainment. A good movie to start your day; it gets you pumped up to just win everything, game blockchain explorer. Plus, it is the all too familiar friendly poker game that escalated so hard, where friendships are questioned (kinda like a normal monopoly night). Best Free Slots 2020. Play your favourite Slot Game for Free, game blockchain la gi. Keep your username as unique and creative as possible, game blockchain android. People love to read new names, and if you are lucky, your unique username can help you earn millions in the future. After Dreyfuss cashes, he goes on an unprecedented hot streak. It also deals with the social distinctions of the track, from the high rollers to the down on their luck, game blockchain platform. These cooking settings allow you to perfectly cook your pizza, cookies, bagels, potatoes and frozen snacks, game blockchain explorer. The timer can be set for up to 120 minutes, so you will have no problem completely cooking any dish in this toaster oven. The range of sports and betting markets is second to none, and the app is so well designed that it never feels like a chore to browse through them, game blockchain platform. The app is also full of extra features that make the betting process more fun and interactive.
Gambling cryptocurrency live welcome bonus no deposit, free bitcoin game:
The Warriors
Xmas Joker
Treasures of Shaman
Electric Sam
Golden Shot
Double Crazy Nuts
Emerald Isle
Samba Carnival
Party Time
Best Things in Life
Cream of the Crop
Fruit Cocktail
Zhao Cai Jin Bao Jackpot
Night Club 81
Emerald.Find Us
We offer counselling in Henley-on-Thames, Wallingford, Berinsfield and Didcot.
In Henley we have counselling rooms at the Friends’ Meeting House, Regus and the Henley Practice.
We offer counselling in Wallingford at the Friends’ Meeting House and the Ridgeway Community Church.
In Berinsfield we are working from the Berin Centre and the Berinsfield Information and Volunteer Centre (BIVC).
In Didcot we have counselling rooms at Didcot Civic Hall.Mobile internet use rose fastest among 16 to 24-year-olds".
Household internet access
Northern Ireland excluded from 2011 survey.
Source: Office for National Statistics
The ONS report is the first since dot-com entrepreneur Martha Lane-Fox was appointed as the government's UK Digital Champion, with a brief to increase internet uptake.
In a statement, Ms Lane-Fox said: "That so many offline households don't see any reason to get online reinforces the importance of the digital champions network that the Raceonline2012 partners are creating."Mobile revolution
The figure for domestic connections contrasted sharply with the rapid growth in uptake of mobile services.
However, the popularity of 3G broadband did not necessarily mean that more people were going online overall.
Many of those using mobile phones are likely to already have home broadband connections.
Older users, who the government is particularly keen to get connected, appeared to have been relatively untouched by the phenomenon.
While 71% of 16 to 24-year-old who went online said they used mobile broadband, just 8% of internet users aged over 65 made use of the newer technology.
The ONS survey also found a dramatic rise in the use of wifi hotspots - a seven-fold increase since 2011 - suggesting that the rise of 3G has done little to slow demand for free and paid-for wireless access.
All findings were based on a monthly survey of 1,800 randomly selected adults from across the UK.December Highlights
Welcome to Sagittarius Land! The Sun just transited from Scorpio to optimistic, happy-go-lucky Sagittarius. Tomorrow on the Check-Up meeting we will go over the magic of Sagittarius. To register to the free weekly meeting click HERE
Here we are, at the end of 2020, a year that would be etched in our bodies and souls for many decades to come. We are almost done with the first 12 years of the new decade and ready to embark on the year ahead. But before we can turn a page, there are a lot of celestial events that must transpire : two eclipses as well as a Grand Conjunction.
As you can see above, I added a few workshops and classes. Some will be specifically designed to help you navigate 2021 as well as understand the importance of the next month and how it can influence the coming years. Some of you asked if it was possible to get my 2021 book signed and delivered as a holiday gift. If the address is in the US it can be done. You can email me for more info.
Nov 29-30 – Penumbral Lunar Eclipse in Gemini
The Sabian Symbol: A quiver filled with arrows.
Visibility: North and South America, Australia, and parts of Asia can see about 82% of the Full Moon.
This eclipse once again as was the case since May pits truth versus lies, knowledge and wisdom versus misinformation and conspiracy. We cannot control what posts or tweets disgruntled politicians upload into the collective, but we can guard our own words and actions and do our best to use the word (Gemini) in an authentic way (Sagittarius). The good news is that the ruler of Sagittarius (Jupiter in Capricorn) is sextile with the ruler of Gemini (Mercury in Scorpio) and that could help harmonize extremes.
This eclipse can help you make decisions and promote your business, publishing, writing, relations with relatives, education and teaching. However it is a polarizing aspect on a personal as well as global level. Be careful of the US VS THEM syndrome. I can share what I did to try to battle this global tendency. Today I downloaded two books (Gemini = information; Sagittarius = Wisdom) to try to build an intellectual bridge between liberalism and conservatism, which is necessary in order for us to come out of this deadlock that can not only kill the American Dream but also murder any other vision of unity that Generation Z and Alpha will one day need. The first book is Barak Obama’s Promised Land and the other is by conservative journalist and commentator Timothy Carney: Alienated America: Why Some Places Thrive While Others Collapse. This is just an example, if you live in a different country you can try to find two books or any other form of information that can balance the two different sides of the same coin.
My wise friend Vered Caplan told me last week that before oneness and unity can be gained there needs to be a period when duality expresses itself in extremity. The coiled spring must be pulled to its extreme before it can snap back into its relaxed state of oneness. I see it happening in all the places I teach these days: Turkey, Europe, Israel, USA, Hong Kong, Bulgaria, Belarus, India, France Germany, just to name a few. The only places that might not feel this duality are those oppressed by autocratic regimes that enforce an illusionary unity.
One way we can work on this duality in our personal life, especially in this fateful December, is to be mindful of our – mind. We have to try to engage every day in at least one activity that activates our left brain and one that challenges our right brain. Find activities that demand both hemispheres, for example, solving a puzzle or learning a musical instrument or how to juggle. Gemini rules the Nervous System and if we must divide the two sides of the brain to signs, then we can roughly generalize that Gemini is the left brain which houses logical and language skill while the right brain, more Sagittarian, is the seat of spatial and imaginative faculties.
Dec 14 – Total Solar Eclipse in Sagittarius
Sabian Symbol: A bluebird (symbolizing joy) standing at the door of the house. Question: will we let it into our home or will it fly away…
Visibility: Chile and Argentina in the afternoon some areas in South-West Africa.
This Solar eclipse is explosive since the Sun and Moon are in ember-spewing Sagittarius, a mutable fire sign. In addition, right on the new moon, Uranus and black moon Lilith conjunct and that is hardly good thing. It is equivalent of giving the representative of our darkest side control over nuclear bombs. The conjunction of Uranus and Lilith is in Taurus, the sign of finance as well as Mother Nature. Uranus is a very rude awakener, however there is a very thin silver lining. The great psychologist, mystic and astrologer, Carl G. Jung contended that our true gifts and talents (Taurus) are located in our shadow (Lilith). Since the eclipse quicken processes, maybe it can help us initiate (new moon) a new financial or artistic endeavor.
Looking at the way this aspect worked in history is a bit disconcerting:
- 1100 when King Boudouin I of Boulogne was crowned in Jerusalem. He was the first Christian king to be anointed after the crusaders’ conquest of Jerusalem.
- 1269 when King louis IX of France orders all Jews to wear a yellow badge or be fined 10 livers of silver.
- 1348 as you remember, the Black Plague.
- 1516 when the first ghetto in the world is established in Venice.
- 1605 the first publication of part of Don Quixote sees light.
- Fast forward to 20th century: 1941 Pearl Harbor attack.
On a slightly more optimistic note, the new moon in Sagittarius (Sun and Moon in Sagittarius) is represented in the Thoth Tarot deck by the 9 of wands, which is called Strength. This could inject our lives with a new teaching, a powerful insight, and a torch to drive away the darkness. If we already mentioning light in dark time, from Dec 10 – 18 we celebrate Hanukah, the older brother of Christmas and a distant cousin of Yule and other holidays of Light.
Dec 21 Winter Solstice and Grand Conjunction of Jupiter and Saturn
This is a major change of guard. It is not only in politics but in all aspects of light that we are shirting from one party to another. Saturn and Jupiter are moving from mature and conservative Capricorn into youthful and liberal Aquarius. Since the conjunction is happening on one of the four Mega Days (Mega does not only mean “huge” but also stands for “Make Everyone Great Again”): Solstices and Equinoxes, this transit is magnified. Jupiter, the giver of gifts, also called the “Great Benevolent,” is moving from his sign of fall, where he was throughout 2020, to enter Aquarius. Saturn also does not mind transiting in Aquarius since he is the traditional ruler of the Water-Bearer sign.
The Grand Conjunction of Jupiter and Saturn happen once every 20 years but once every 600 years it moves from one element (earth) to another (air). In my 2021 book I have a whole chapter detailing the history and meaning of the cycle. But suffice to say, this is huge. Expect a major change a coming…
I know, I know, no news is good news, but not during a time of such fundamental global changes. Since we are shifting into Aquarius it is good to remember that it is the sign of altruism, fraternity, equality, global-village and humanitarian activities. However, Aquarius is also the sign of revolution and unrest. So hold tight, it is a ride.
May the stars sign upon us and lead us back to love and kindness and civility, union and acceptance.
gahl2008-2009 summative evaluation of the National Strategy for the Protection of Children from Sexual Exploitation on the Internet : final report / [by] Program Evaluation and Performance Measurement Services. : PS4-144/2009E-PDF
Permanent link to this Catalogue record:
publications.gc.ca/pub?id=9.695801&sl=0
Request alternate formatsTo request an alternate format of a publication, complete the Government of Canada Publications email form. Use the form’s “question or comment” field to specify the requested publication.
- Date modified:It has been a good week for the boats with light breezes and calm seas. The charter boats have had a bumper week with the some cod into double figures, thornback rays and also a few bass. The Charter boat “Sorcerer” out of West Mersea reported some bigger cod this week, with Ray Hempstead, the skipper, catching the biggest, weighing in at 12lbs, plus plenty of smaller cod and rays and plenty of those autumn whiting. Lester Baker, skipper of the Brightlingsea based “Seawatch” told me that he has been seeing a better average size codling this season, and still rays into double figures.
The Clacton Boat Club also took advantage of the settled weather and lots of their members headed out to beyond the Gunfleet wind-farm at the weekend and it certainly paid benefits. Reports were very good with cod to 8lbs and thornback rays to 10lbs, plus still a few bass, with Diane Kkala catching the biggest, weighing in at 8lb 6oz. She caught the fish on a live whiting bait. The Walton boats have also had similar week with boats heading for the Gunfleet. Don’t forget boat anglers the Medusa area is only a short trip but is now producing some good size cod, plus there is always a chance of picking up some very good bass here.
The beaches have had an up and down week with the calm sunny days making it difficult for fishing in daylight hours, with most of the fish venturing in closer to the beaches after dark.
My trip this week was a day time trip to one of the newly opened Clacton beaches. The sun was shining and the sea was calm, and to be honest conditions were pretty awful for any decent catches, and so it proved. I fished an ebb tide and ended the session with three small whiting and a pouting. I also struggled with lots of weed weighing heavy on the lines, so it just goes to prove that conditions have to be right to catch those bigger fish.
The piers have fished better than the beaches this week having slightly deeper water to fish into. Local angler Peter Rose caught codling to 4lbs from Clacton Pier, most of his fish were caught on lugworm and squid baits. Walton Pier is still producing thornback rays plus codling from the top of the pier and if conditions are rough they will also be caught from the stem of the pier.
Clacton Angling Club fished the St Osyth beaches for their latest evening match. Only five anglers fished, but between them they managed to catch an amazing 103 fish between them, of which 91 were whiting, three thornback rays and one solitary dogfish. 1st place went to Rob Tuck which included 2 thornback rays; in 2nd spot Lawrence Chisnall with 23 fish and 3rd Nik Highfield with 30 fish. Heaviest fish prize went to Lawrence Chisnall with a 50 cm ray.
Colchester Sea Angling Club headed for the Suffolk beaches of Felixstowe for their night match. 11 anglers fished, the fishing was patchy, with some anglers catching and some struggling. Crabs seemed to be a problem with the bait disappearing quickly to these ravenous creatures. Whiting and dogfish were the main catch, and coming out in top spot was Mark Sessions with 8lb 8oz, 2nd place was Mark Peters with 5lb 3oz and 3rd spot went to Steve Yallop with 4lb 3oz. The heaviest fish prize was shared between Mark Sessions and Mark Peters with a dogfish of 1lb 8oz
The tides for the weekend are Saturday 10.03 am and Sunday 11.42 amCustom Integrated Strategies
We take the time to learn about your business and understand your goals, and can serve as a sounding board, a strategic partner, or anything in between.
Cross-Channel
Reporting and Advanced Analytics
We provide 24/7 access to performance data and insights across every channel to facilitate continual optimization of your campaign.
Full Spectrum Online
Targeting Capabilities
We execute on intergrated campaigns that can cross every channel and platform, and include every available targeting capability.
Access to Enterprise Technology
We give you access to all of our enterprise-level tools and subscriptions, including multiple DSPs, DMPs, and ad servers.
Data-Driven Ad Buying
You get access to more than 100 third-party data providers, as well as assistance in fully utilizing your first-party customer and prospect data.
“Moving quickly and responsively, Digital Mouth has eased the struggle of navigating an ever-changing digital landscape by staying on top of new trends, making strategic recommendations, and ensuring optimal performance.”
– Brittany Pecue, Senior Media Buyer/Digital Strategist,
Diane Allen & AssociatesResearch Report
Buget $25-50 CAD / oră
This report should be no less than 900 words in length and not more than 1500 words in length.
Save a completed Word Document as a PDF file for submission.
Be sure to carefully follow all the instructions below to receive the best mark.
1. Introduction (2 marks)
Copy and paste a working link to a Canadian e-business website. Make sure the website you are using for this assignment is not a big online store (e.g., Canadian Tire, Best Buy, HBC, etc.), bank (e.g., TD, RBC, etc.), insurance company (e.g., Manulife, Sunlife, etc.), or any other very large enterprise (e.g., Amazon, Etsy, eBay, etc.). The smaller the company, the better in this case. Find an online store that is unique in their product offerings. Write a brief description of the business and what you will be covering in the assignment.
2. E-Business (web 2.0) Principles & Concepts (9 marks)
Find at least three examples of e-business principles and concepts that apply to the website. You should look through our previous discussions to get ideas. Explain which principles the examples illustrate and what benefits they provide to both the customer and the organization. Be sure to include working links to example pages.
3. E-Business Models (9 marks)
What is the primary (most important) e-business model for the website? Explain and justify your answer. In your opinion, what are two secondary e-business models for the business? Explain and justify your choices. Be sure to include working links to example pages.
4. Search Engine Optimization (10 marks)
Look at some of the keywords (and keyword phrases) that have been incorporated into the pages of the website. Imagine some of the keyword phrases that potential customers might type into Google. Experiment with keyword phrases to create an optimized list, checking keyword search popularity using Google Trends:.
a. Copy and paste the original title and description from the home page of the site you have chosen. (1 mark)
b. Come up with a list of at least ten or more two+ word keywords phrases (ex. Toronto colleges, colleges in Toronto). These should not include the name of the organization or website. Take a screenshot of your Google Trends list and chart and include it in your report. Provide a brief explanation as to why you chose these keywords phrases. (5 marks)
c. Based on some of the keyword phrases that you chose, come up with a new title and description for the home page of the website you chose. Make sure that at least some of the keyword phrases are incorporated into your new title and description (highlight these phrases with bold or underline). Briefly explain your choices. (4 marks)- Michael Braunstein
- Gerard DelBene
- Bryan Grogan
- Bernie Kennedy
- Christopher Nuzzi
- Hal Zwick
Michael Braunstein
Partner
BraunsteinTurkish
Braunstein, a commercial real estate attorney with offices in Woodbury and Manhattan, handles all the commercial leasing for 1500 Broadway in Times Square. He recently completed a long-term lease with CBS Signs for a new digital billboard at the building and a new 1,400-square-foot retail lease for Citizens Watch for more than $2,000 per square foot. In addition to traditional equity and debt financings, Braunstein handles complex alternative financing arrangements, such as for an investor who recently accepted an in-kind exchange of a condominium unit for equity.
Gerard DelBene
Director of Finance
Rechler Equity Partners
DelBene serves as director of finance and corporate controller for the Plainview-based commercial real estate company. He supervises all accounting and finance functions and oversees asset-level and portfolio-wide budgets. The certified public accountant has more than 15 years of experience in accounting, budgeting and cash and financial asset management for large real estate companies. Prior to joining Rechler Equity Partners, he spent more than four years at Manhattan-based Vornado Realty Trust, where, as vice president and controller, he created an accounting platform for the company’s first private equity fund.
Bryan Grogan
Professional Engineer
P.W. Grosser Consulting Inc.
Grogan joined the Bohemia consulting firm’s engineering team this year from the firm Michael P. Chiarelli Engineer, where, as project manager, he was responsible for ensuring the timely completion of projects. While there, he designed and developed detailed plans and specifications for the construction of sewage treatment plants and pump stations, ensuring the plans were in compliance with county and state sanitary codes, and provided construction oversight for their development. In total, Grogan has eight years of engineering experience. He graduated from Stony Brook University in 2006 with a degree in mechanical engineering.
Bernie Kennedy
Member
Bond, Schoeneck & King
In February, Kennedy merged his law practice, Kennedy & Gillen, into Bond, Schoeneck & King, where he is currently co-managing partner of the Garden City office. Kennedy serves as general counsel to Bethpage-based King Kullen Grocery Co., which has 43 stores and more than 4,000 employees. He is responsible for King Kullen’s corporate transactions, real estate and leasing matters and other legal issues. He also maintains an active practice representing both landlords and tenants in commercial leasing matters, as well as smaller supermarket companies throughout the New York area.
Christopher Nuzzi
Vice President, East End
Advantage Title
Based in the title company’s Riverhead office, Nuzzi leads services for commercial and residential clients in the five eastern towns of Long Island. A new addition to Advantage Title, he began working in the title insurance industry in 2007 and recently finished his second term as a member of the Southampton Town Board, where he gained a keen understanding of land use practices and related laws. The East Hampton native, who holds a master’s degree in public policy from Stony Brook University, also previously worked in the Suffolk County executive’s office.
Hal Zwick
Director of Commercial Real Estate
Town & Country Real Estate
Zwick works with both buyers and sellers of commercial real estate and small businesses on the East End. Based in East Hampton, he analyzes financial records, prices businesses and buildings, markets entities and consults with buyers and sellers through closing and beyond. Prior to his career in commercial real estate, he worked in marketing and advertising in Manhattan for 18 years. Since moving out to the East End 16 years ago, he has purchased, operated and sold several businesses, including BookHampton, The Paradise Restaurant and The Snowflake (a fast-food operation).
1 of 1
0 articles remaining
Make market-informed decisions with LIBN news. Register now for more article access.SIGHTINGS
Huge Underground Missile
Labs Foil US Spy Satellites
7-29-98
WASHINGTON
(Reuters) - North Korea, Iran and other countries are concealing their ballistic missile programs from U.S. spy satellites by using enormous underground laboratories and factories to build and test the weapons, the Washington Post reported Wednesday. The newspaper, quoting members of a bipartisan commission that has been determining the threat posed to the United Sates by ballistic missiles, said the elaborate underground construction was contributing to the ``erosion'' of U.S. intelligence agencies' ability to monitor weapons proliferation.
The panel's report criticized U.S. ``intelligence gaps,'' concluding that ``the technical means of collection now employed will not meet emerging requirements,'' the Post said. The panel's chairman, former U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, recently told the House National Security Committee that North Korea, Iran, Russia and China ``have made extensive use of the underground construction, which enables them to do things such as development and storage and, indeed, even launching from underground, hidden silo areas,'' according to the report.
The North Koreans, for example, have created an ''underground city'' to hide the development of its No Dong missile, one panel member who listened to extensive classified briefings told the Post. Another panel member told a congressional hearing that the No Dong ``was operationally deployed long before the U.S. government recognized that fact,'' the newspaper said.
SIGHTINGS HOMEPAGEWake up, people of North Carolina! The legislators in your state are pummeling your public schools with a sledge hammer. They are turning them over to for-profit corporations! Do you want your local public school to be run by a national corporation? Do you care who “owns” your neighborhood school?
Stuart Egan, a high school teacher in North Carolina, has been writing recently about the step-by-step privatization of public schools in North Carolina.
In this post, he describes the General Assembly’s decision to create an “Achievement School District,” modeled on the one that failed in Tennessee. The basic idea is to gather up the lowest-performing schools in the state (attended by the poorest students) and turn them over to a charter operator.
He cites the comment made by Rep. Cecil Brockman, who favors outsourcing these schools to out-of-state corporations:.”
Do Republican legislators in North Carolina really have that much contempt for teachers? Apparently so. North Carolina raised entry level salaries to $35,000 but capped salaries at $50,000. Legislators work hard to remove any job protection or recognition for teachers. They even abolished the successful North Carolina Teaching Fellows Program–a five-year program at the University of North Carolina intended to prepare career teachers–and transferred the funding to Teach for America.
This is the same legislature that rolled out a budget proposal to spend $1 Billion on vouchers over the next decade. Most of the students who get vouchers will go to religious schools with uncertified teachers and no curriculum. How is this supposed to improve education?
More than contempt for teachers, I think it’s contempt for the strong hold that progressives had on NC for so many years fueled on by the right wing mindsets we continue to see across the country.
BTW, thank you for blogging about DARK MONEY a while back. Good read for anyone, especially in NC.
Are you shocked . From the start the school reform movement has been a rejection of the civil rights movement of integration. The Republican Southern Strategy was birthed in Southern Religious Academies that sprang up to avoid sending your kids to school with Blacks.
I may be wrong but I attribute the rise of the Christian right to the same. If little Johnny wanted to attend our school he better bring mom and dad to services on Sunday.
That the Obama White House participates in this by attacking teachers pushing charters and privatization schemes is the ultimate travesty.
why do you capitalize Southern Religious Academies as if it’s an organized entity?
Actually, Protestants in the south pushed for strong public schools as anti-Catholic energy. And many dedicated church folk (even Jim Hunt) believed in the promise of public schools.
Joel Herman, I think your brush is way too broad. I’m a conservative Christian, I live in the South, but I am deeply committed to public schools. My father was an elementary school principal (public school) and we attended public schools. I spend countless hours volunteering at multiple public schools in my district, and I am a very active advocate for public schools at the local and state political levels. I am far from alone in my actions and beliefs. On the other hand, I can show you plenty of liberals around me who have drunk the “school choice” Kool-aid and are staunch advocates of charter schools. The whole education debate does not fall neatly into preconceived “labels.”
I don’t think so. The ‘religious right’ (Christian fundamentalists) have been around forever & hardly just in the South. A segment of them, in the South, have long & actively sought public funding for separate white schools. They are just a piece of the populace (once Democrats, now Republicans) swept onto the political bandwagon for ‘school choice’.
The move of mfg, first to cheaper states south & southwest, then abroad, created hollowed-out urban hubs of extreme poverty, which added another huge sector to be swept in: poor urbanites demanding better ed by any means. Now inflated by gentrifiers looking for free ed separate from their poor neighbors. As the middle class pie shrinks drastically across the nation, those losing ground squabble over the crumbs (more calls for school choice).
A huge and growing market just waiting for deregulation to be exploited. The ed-reform ship could not have caught wind and sailed without the cynical gov/corp movement to bust unions & open public coffers to the private sector via NCLB & its sequels plus unregulated charters & now vouchers. I expect
Joel, your assumption is clearly supported by the facts. Here are links to just some of the proof:
” .
It is painful when one becomes aware of one’s privilege and sees for the first time how it oppresses others without one’s personal knowledge.
That doesn’t alter the truth of history, however, or the facts as they stand. The racism of the South is alive and well and it has deep roots in the Religious Right and maintaining segregation, like it or not.
One at a time . I was not picking on Protestants nor religion. I was pointing to what I see as the roots of the “Religious right” as it has come to be known . Nixon (Kevin Philips) called it the Southern Strategy .
Carol those Liberals I would argue are not Liberals certainly not in the traditional sense of the word. As argued by Thomas Frank in “Listen Liberal”
This politico piece expresses what I was getting at some what better .
Pay particular attention to this line.
771 to 28; the following year, that number fell to zero.
As for you Bethree5 except for line one . I could not agree with you more .The goal of the right has always been Union busting from The Taft Hartley era on . The professional class that gentrifies American cities is also a problem.
When I say religious right I am referring to a political movement Christian Fundamentalists ,Orthodox Jews, Devout Catholics …. have been around for ever the association with a particular party and litmus tests may not have been .
Growing up 50s and 60s in a an Irish ,Italian,Jewish neighborhood in Queens NY. It amazed me that almost all of my Christian friends did not go to the Public School on the corner one that was constantly rated as one of the best in the City. Mostly those with discipline problems wound up in Public School after 8th grade. Years latter the dynamic had changed slightly .Christians and Jews no-longer seemed to segregate on Long Island where I moved to. The Diocese had problems even keeping schools open.
But when I returned to the old neighborhood to visit the kids were still not going to public schools they had even changed the Parish they were attending . I’ll let you guess why? They too want vouchers. No we are no wheres near a post racial society. Today we have Orthodox Jews taking over school districts in NY .to starve them of tax dollars so as to send their kids to Yeshiva The new religious right, they also want vouchers. They align themselves with of all people Ted Cruz ignoring the Anti-Semites he associates with .
Perhaps if we are to advance in this nation education shouldn’t be compulsory, Public Education should be compulsory.
Chris from Florida . I should have refreshed the post before I responded .
Thanks for the defense but there are plenty of Religious people who are good people including the people who responded to my post . It is a point we have have to make . There is the couple we are friends with who send their Teen daughter down to Honduras to help out during summer vacations … … certainly not right wing . My comment as you so well document was to the roots of the movement.
I am a devout Roman Catholic. I taught in NYC, NJ, and, now, Florida. I was not defending you so much as challenging those who deny a connection between racism and the political movement known as the Religious Right formerly and currently as the Tea Party.
I was providing facts that help people understand what we are experiencing and why. Privilege cannot be undone without recognizing it and working against it and I include myself in that. My partner is a disabled African American and we deal with this daily here in the Deep South.
It is no accident that the KKK, David Duke, and the rest of the extremists feel comfortable with Trump and his policies. They hear and understand the dogwhistles. They also support and end to oublic education as do the John Birchers and many others. To not acknowledge that would be foolish in the extreme.
Talking in generalizations does paint with a broad and sometimes unfair brush but I know of no better way to discuss these issues with a wide audience. Silencing the discussion because of outliers and exceptions serves them, not us.
Joel, your words: Perhaps if we are to advance in this nation education shouldn’t be compulsory, Public Education should be compulsory.
That is the reason countries we look to who are succeeding with public school are succeeding. They don’t have private schools changing the value. Michele Rhee was very right about that point.
Googling around: child poverty in NC is 25.2%, significantly higher than natl average. ‘Poverty’ per fed definition is family income $24k, but “research suggests that, on average, families need an income of about twice the federal poverty threshold to meet their basic needs.” [Natl Center for Children in Poverty]– another 26% of NC children live in the 100-200% poverty zone. Only 51% NC children live above the poor/ low-income zone (compare to NYS 58%, NJ 69%, PA 61%– CA 54%, TX 51%, NM 45%, MI 43%).
“If (teachers) don’t like it, good. This is about the kids. Who cares about the teachers? We should care about the kids. If they don’t like it, maybe it’s a good thing.”
About the kids?!!!! This is about everyone! How can the kids get the best when you aren’t giving the best to the folks with them eight hours a day? “It takes a village to raise a child”. Maybe it’s a good thing that teachers don’t like it? Last time I checked, teachers were a vital part of this village. This is equivalent to saying, “if the parents don’t like it, maybe it’s a good thing”. Really?
I like the old union talking point stating that “My working conditions are your child’s learning conditions. We are together throughout the school day. If I suffer, so do YOUR children. Remember that when you allow crumbling buildings with third world faciltities and utilities and outdated or nonexistent resources and supplies because those ‘greedy’ union thug teachers ask for more and better things out of YOUR tax dollars. Your children benefit right along with me.”
Chris I a agree with 99.9 percent of what you say . And yes Trump is a demagogue playing on racial fears as are many of his supporters out right racists. . Myself coming out of the Union that help organize the UFT in the in 1960s as an active newly retired member . The Union movement has to take some blame for Trump. Our failure to show courage in facing up to Neo-liberal Democrats what used to be known as Republicans,has left a working class looking to demagogues to solve the problem of declining living standards.
The Union movement has failed to reach out to its members and educate and mobilize. Among the worst offenders the UFT . We in labor at least here in NY will only wake up to the threat when it hits home . As the saying goes “it’s a recession when your unemployed a depression when I am unemployed “
A lively thread.
One small point that can be overlooked: many teachers ARE parents.
Trying to pit teachers against parents and students is just another example of how the rheephorm-minded use the sneer, jeer and smear to hurt everyone.
Thank y’all of your comments.
😎
What a shame! That politician wrote an article about teachers leaving NC a while back, does he realize he is one of the reasons?
Reblogged this on caffeinated rage and commented:
Thanks to Dr. Ravitch for keeping North Carolina in the light for others to see.
Teaching & Learning is about everyone! It’s a shame that this is not recognized by many. Those people must not even care about their own children or grandchildren! Continuing to remove funding from public education & putting it in the pockets of others will be the downfall of America. Can we go back to the history of the role of the Federal Government in public education and promote people who truly care about the welfare of children to ensure that all children in America are equally educated?
It should be noted that Cecil Brockman is a Democrat. He also tried to get out of a traffic ticket by using his status as a state representative. It’s time for the voters of his district to elect someone else.
It’s time to connect the dots… to private equity. An article in today’s NYT explains how private equity firms are hurting fire departments, ambulance companies, 911 centers, etc., which cities used to finance and manage but are now outsourcing:
The article provides a great analogy to what’s happening with public schools: they’re being replaced by charters whose funding comes from the same private equity firms. The only difference is that the charters hide under a guise of parental choice or “no excuses” and pretend to do better for kids. But ultimately, for the the investors, it’s about the money, not the kids.
The NYT article contains the following paragraph, to which readers of this blog might shout foul:
“While private equity firms have always invested in a diverse array of companies, including hospitals and nursing homes, their movement into emergency services raises broader questions about the administering of public services. Cities and towns are constitutionally required to offer citizens a free education, and they generally provide a police force, but almost everything else is fair game for privatization.”
Notice how the authors use the term “free education”? A big mistake. Free to the consumer is only part of what states’ constitutions mandate. Substitute the word “free” with “public” and other vital components emerge: quality, equity and local control. If citizens’ voices are not being heard through local school boards, and if there’s no oversight of hiring, spending, quality of services, etc., then it’s not public!
Charter networks seize on the words “free” and “choice” as if education were to be doled out, like a “free lunch”. They emphasize (in an Orwellian manner) the free part of what they’re doing with names like XYZ Public Charter. No matter that the schools aren’t really free—they’re taxpayer funded! In actuality, for charter schools, the word free means “free of local control”, or not being accountable to anyone but their financiers. Like fire departments, ambulance companies, and 911 centers, they’re a public service that’s being privately run. And the “non profit” veneer should fool no one. The private equity firms that are backing charter schools are in it for their own good, for the acquisition of public property, for the winning of no-bid contracts, for the self-dealing that is possible when there’s no taxpayer or citizen oversight.
The NYT article includes this quote about the danger of outsourcing:
“Private equity has, in this case, threatened public safety,” said Richard Thomas, the mayor of Mount Vernon, N.Y, which relied on TransCare. “It’s not the way to treat the public.”
The article also includes this quote, which could just as easily be applied to schools:
 ed reform philanthropists are not philanthropists either
Yes, this. Thank you! We need everyone to awaken to this reality, to understand that there will be need for a new revolution to wrest the power and money from the greedy few and that this is a long thought-out, carefully prepared battle being fought on many fronts simultaneously.
Public schools were a necessary battlefront from the beginning to silence those who would speak up and disempower those whe can inspire and enlighten others to do the same.
We must gird ourselves for a long fight!
Add to the destructive forces, the Gates Foundation that sent money to the Chamber of Commerce, the Hunt Institute, the state officials in charge of education.
Add the misadventures in the Charlotte-Mecklenburg schools, funded by Gates and
the failed experiments in pay-for-performance in the Charlotte-Mecklenburg schools, experiments managed by the Boston-based Community Training and Assistance Center, famous for marketing SLOs. In addition to some longstanding problems in the state, the public school system has been made a disaster with a lot of help from the monied and profit-seeking people from outside the state.
We are awake! Have you seen the protests over the last 3 years? Our districts are gerrymandered and our legislators are punishing areas of the state with more education focused voters by changing the way local officials are elected. My family has over 150 years of service to NC Public Schools and I am devasted over these ill-conceived and mean-spirited tactics. By the way, Rep. Brockman is a Democrat. I think that he believes the Achievement District will help African American students. I do not agree. The vouchers sure haven’t.
To answer Dr. Ravitch’s question — YES! These jackals DO have utter and complete contempt for teachers. Yes, the DEforming of education in NC is about privatization — charter profits for their high-dollar donors, vouchers to bleed traditional schools dry while re-segregating them, etc. This article and these comments are all spot-on. But the bottom line is — it IS personal to this majority in power. Former Speaker Tillis made that abundantly clear when he accidentally said on a hot mic, “Let’s give them a taste of what’s about to come.” Other states have pulled the same privatization stunts, but how many have gone after the teachers so viciously and personally? It started with attempting to end payroll deduction for NCAE dues, while other state employees could continue payroll deduction. Why?? Because NCAE generally officially endorses Democratic candidates (for obvious reasons). It seems there was a particularly heated race that jump started this, but I’d have to look back on it. What we had here was nothing more than mean-spirited, old fashioned pay back. And it has been retribution time ever since. Could they increase the number of charter schools without having proposed that hateful, ignorant “25% of you can have raises IF you give up career status” scheme? Could they increase voucher funding without taking longevity from veteran teachers? Absolutely. Could they give a “7% average raise” without giving a 16% raise to some and a .29% raise to others? Of course! It’s all payback. They failed to strip career status from experienced teachers, thanks to the courts. So it’s payback time…they’ll teach us veterans to keep our mouths shut! No raises! What? Still marching and protesting and campaigning for Democrats? We’ll pass a law that limits teachers’ involvement in political campaigns. WHAT?? Still protesting and yapping?? We’ll pass a law that requires you to have criminal background checks and be fingerprinted and you can be denied employment for any assortment of crimes…including remaining at a protest of 3 or more people after orders to disperse are given!! So many other examples, but you all know what’s transpired in NC. Clearly, the more we protest, the more court cases ruled in our favor, the more we are punished. And their public disdain is so blatant, they now just blurt it out while in session for all to hear.
So yes, while these “public servants” are driven by greed, cronyism, power, racism, Koch-ism, charter groups, voucher groups, TFA, etc., the bottom line is they COULD accomplish these things without the personal and financial attacks on teachers and the teaching profession. This takes loathing, bitterness and yes — outright contempt. When even Democrats who were put in power — to no small degree by teachers, I’m sure, state ‘Who cares what teachers think?’, there is no doubt. (I apologize for the size of this post! I’m afraid it just spewed right out!!).
My son, probably one of the best teachers in NC grade schools is leaving the classroom. Mostly it is a pay issue, but also lack of support among many of the parents. When teachers graduate from the U there, many leave the state because they can be licensed in 5 states. GOP lawmakers are the problem, but the people aren’t demanding better.Timing Belt Service & Replacement in Lake Forest, CA
We Can Change Your Timing Belt--Foothill Auto Service
How many of us hear the word timing belt replacement and whither inside? Our friendly folks at Foothill Auto Service in Lake Forest, CA, know how you feel about timing belt replacement and strive to reduce your worry by taking the guesswork out of the job. The awesome auto mechanics at Foothill Auto Service know your car and have performed many timing belt replacements over the years. Did you know that the auto mechanics' combined knowledge at Foothill Auto Service adds up to over 100 years of wrenching? There is nothing better than a combination of experience and young blood within a shop filled with integrity and honesty to make you feel good about your auto repair. When it comes time to replace your timing belt, you can rest assured that the auto mechanics at Foothill Auto Service are here for you.
Complete Timing Belt Repair Services
Once upon a time, it was known that vehicles needed a new timing belt every 60,000 miles. Now that technology has improved, some makes have extended that to 100,000 miles. Technology is fantastic, and we are up to speed with the latest in technology and training to keep your vehicle on the road to factory specifications. If you experience a ticking noise, you may have timing belt issues; if your engine misfires, won't turn over, or you have an engine oil leak coming from the front of your engine, you may be experiencing a bad or failing timing belt. Fear not, the auto mechanics at Foothill Auto Service know precisely how to fix your car or truck in no time. We will never try to sell you unnecessary repairs or services and know that your time is valuable. If you don't know whom to turn to when you need a timing belt replacement and live in Lake Forest, Foothill Ranch, Portola Hills, Rancho Santa Margarita, Coto De Caza, Mission Viejo, or Trabuco Canyon, make Foothill Auto Service your preferred auto repair shop.
There is no need to take our word for it; check out what our customers say about us:
Love this shop! Glen is a real nice guy, I will never go anywhere else. You can trust them to get the job done right at a reasonable price & great warranty. -- Lori S
Timing belt replacement is a significant undertaking,!This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Please contact us directly with any questions or comments that you may have.
2500 Northeast Neff Road, Bend, Oregon 97701, United States
Emergency Service: 24/7
Copyright © 2021 Central Oregon Emergency Physicians - All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.?
Weekend roundup
This week has been interesting, with news that the building industry is supposed to get a boost from government. More interesting was news from the European Central Bank, that helped stock markets around the world to recover a little. The big news though, was the rain has stopped!Top Places to Golf Near Linville, NC
Ready to tee off? We’ve got you covered. The high country boasts some top-notch golf courses and we’ve arranged for our guests to enjoy the benefits of these two:
- Linville Land Harbor: The layout here follows the native terrain, creating the perfect combination between challenging golf and unforgettable views. The distinctly different nines will test every aspect of your game. 18 challenging holes with tree-lined fairways, fast-paced greens, and several water features await golfers of all skill levels. The pro shop is well stocked and the 19th Hole Grill will quench your thirst and appetite after your game.
- Mountain Glen Golf Club: This is one of the most beautiful courses in the region. They also boast a first-rate clubhouse and full practice facilities. The front nine is more of a links-style course with small bent grass greens and relatively flat open fairways. The back nine works its way up to what was once referred to as “Cranberry Draw.” The 11th hole, uphill dog-leg left was rated as one of the best par 4’s in western North Carolina.
If you’d like to explore a few others, these public courses are ideal options too:
Boone Golf Club: Ranked #46 of the top 50 courses you can play in North Carolina by the North Carolina Golf Panel, the Boone Golf Club takes full advantage of the region’s beautiful landscape and spectacular scenery. There’s a newly-renovated pro shop and the Casa Rustica Fairway Café is a local favorite for breakfast and lunch.
Sugar Mountain Golf Club: Most people associate Sugar Mountain with the best skiing in the area, but it also has a par 64 layout that gives golfers a cool and breezy experience. Surrounded by beautiful rhododendrons, craggy pinnacles and rushing streams, golfing at the Sugar Mountain Golf Club is a real joy. Professionally managed and well maintained, there’s also an outdoor deck for dining so you can enjoy the sweeping views after a relaxing game.
So, when you combine the views and the weather, you’ve set the stage for some great golfing. Bring your “A’ game.15FEB2020 – Photo of the Day February 14, 2020February 9, 2020 photog Photography fall foliage, forest, New England Fall, Photo of the Day, Sony A7S, Sony FE 55mm f\1.8 Lens 0 0 vote Article Rating
Gorgeous, photog. All those colors popping!
That was a few years ago when the fall color was pretty dramaticOooooh, now it’s time to do something kind of fun with that rolled woven picot that we looked at on Wednesday!
I’m afraid this could just be the beginning. There are so many ideas brewing in my head – alterations, combinations, variations and whatnot on the rolled woven picot!
I love playing with stitches like these, to see where the exploration takes me. Sometimes, admitted, my explorations can end in a flop. But sometimes, they can lead to some surprisingly fun and fabulous results. I hope that you take some time to play with the stitch, too, to see what you can come up with!
Today I’ll show you a larger woven picot roll and what I did with it. The key point here is how to anchor a larger roll to the fabric. It requires a slightly different approach compared to the smaller roll that we looked at on Wednesday.
In today’s tutorial, I’m still working on linen, and I’m still using DMC Perle #5 (Variations – their variegated line).
I really love the side view of the rolled woven picot, don’t you? The texture of the stitch is very pretty!
I’m starting with a much long woven picot today. I used a doll maker’s needle to create the long picot, but if you don’t have a really long (4″ – 5″ long) needle or pin, you can use the method we looked at on Monday, involving an anchor stitch for holding the foundational stitches in place.
You’ll want to cut a length of thread that’s about 50″ – 60″ long to make this picot. It needs to be a very long piece of thread! You don’t want to run out of thread in the middle of the picot.
My picot ended up being around 3.5″ long. It could have been longer, but this will suffice.
Once the picot is finished, take the working thread to the back of the fabric over one leg at the base of the foundation stitches, but don’t cut the working thread – you’ll need it to anchor the roll to the fabric.
Just like we did in Wednesday’s tutorial with the smaller roll, turn the base so that you can begin rolling the picot around itself, with the base practically perpendicular to the fabric.
Roll the picot around the center base area, around and around, spiraling larger and larger, until it’s all rolled up – then stick a pin through the tip of the picot, into the roll and into the fabric, to hold the roll in place while you stitch it down.
Stitch the tip in place, the same way we did on Wednesday, by bringing the needle and working thread to the front of the fabric underneath the edge of the roll, passing through the tip (or near the tip) of the picot and back down into the fabric.
Then, come up under the edge of the roll again, a little farther away from the tip that you just anchored, and this time, pass the needle through the roll to the other side, as shown above. You’ll be entering the roll between the woven stitches and over the original picot foundation threads. Go straight through the roll – you want to pass through every layer, including the center – and out the other side, between two of the woven stitches.
Then, take the needle and thread down into the fabric, just under the edge of the roll on the opposite side.
Work another anchor stitch through the middle of the roll in the same manner, perpendicular to this one, so that you’re anchoring through the roll twice.
It’s important on a larger roll to run anchoring stitches into the center, to make sure that all the wraps are secure to the fabric. Otherwise, some of the wraps may wriggle free as time passes and stick up further than the other layers of the roll.
Here’s the larger roll, anchored.
I do love the look of that! Even though it does stick up quite a bit from the fabric, I just think these are really pretty! I can’t wait to play with them with other threads, too!
Ahhhh. From the side, the texture is fabulous, isn’t it?
Kind of makes my mouth water in a weird way.
Once you’ve got a rolled woven picot on your fabric, it stands to reason that you should embellish around it.
So I did this:
I used bullion stitches at the base of the roll, overlapped by some fishbone stitch leaves.
The stem is a whipped chain stitch.
And the two large leaves? Well, they’re just more woven picots that have been bent and anchored to the fabric.
It looks like it’s dancing. It’s a happy little flower thingy.
If I had had just a wee bit more time, I would have worked up one more sample that I have in mind. Perhaps in the not-too-distant future!
I hope you enjoyed this short series of tutorials on rolled woven picots – play with them and see what you can come up with!
I’m currently away on a short trip, but I’ll be back soon. If there’s a delay in publishing blog comments or replying to email, that’s why! Feel free to leave comments on the website if you’d like, though. I’ll get to them as soon as I can! If you can hold off on any email question until next week, it’ll be easier for me to address them then. Thanks!Kitchen Countertop Options Quartz
It's additionally dent as well as zero proofread and often will be immune to stains of lemon juice and oil. If money is not an issue, the granite countertops will be the optimal choice for you. Formica is another kitchen countertop material that is affordable. If you are going to be replacing your outdated kitchen countertops inside the near future, then you are probably in 2 minds on what substance you ought to choose.
Here are Images about Kitchen Countertop Options Quartz
Kitchen Countertop Options Quartz
Kitchen Countertop Ideas: Choosing the Perfect Material for your Kitchen
My beautiful black granite countertop is the ideal camouflage history for insects. Because people hardly ever cease to stop using countertops, it is essential to find the best one. It's simple to clean and maintenance is dependent on the material type your countertop is made off. Selecting the best countertop for your kitchen may be probably the most complicated things in the home of yours face-lifting procedures.
Images Related to Kitchen Countertop Options Quartz
Granite vs. Quartz Countertops: Pros & Cons Is Quartz Better?
Countertop Trends for 2014 – Creative Surfaces Blog
Laminate Countertops Cost, Installation and Painting EarlyExperts
MODERN White Marble Glass Kitchen Backsplash Tile Backsplash.com
Silestone Stellar Snow $59 Lowes Stellar snow quartz countertops, Kitchen design small
The Advantages and Disadvantages of Undermount Kitchen Sinks Ideas 4 Homes
Lusso – Granitex Corp.
Did You Know They Make Gemstone Countertops? You’ll Want One When You See Them!
Related articles:
- Top Rated Kitchen Countertops
- Kitchen Countertop Mats
- Silestone Lagoon Quartz Kitchen Countertop
- Granite Kitchen Countertop Pictures
- Granite Kitchen Countertop Designs
- Petrified Wood Kitchen Countertops
- Replacing Kitchen Countertops Do Yourself
- Cutting Board Kitchen Countertop
- Affordable Kitchen Countertop Materials
- Kitchen Countertop Refinishing Products, […]
Want […]
With – […]
The, […]
The […]
Sober Girl Society Handbook, By Millie Gooch Reviewed by Georgia Sober Girl Society is a great read for anyone who is interested in drinking less but is unsure of how to navigate life with less alcohol. In her book, Millie talks about how alcohol has become central to our everyday lives, and how it started […]
Pre-drinking is popular for many reasons, including saving money on buying alcohol and getting chance to socialise before hitting the clubs. But you don’t want to take it too far so that pre-drinks is the only part of the night you enjoy. Have no regrets about your night out by keeping your friends and yourself […]
Be #SafeNotSorry The time has finally come for us to re-adapt to yet another new normal but this time, there really is a pinch of true normality. With lockdown lifting and restrictions meaning we can meet others outside, it’d be too easy to ditch all disciplines we’ve learned over the past year and act like […]
Looking […]
Maybe […]
Ever woken up after a night out, checked your bank account and then instantly wished you hadn’t? Ever spent hours dwelling on what could have been – the clothes you could’ve bought, that gig you could’ve got tickets to? If only you hadn’t squandered the last of this month’s pay packet on overpriced lager and […]
Every […]
Celebrating […] […]
Heading […]
Spending […]
Here […]
We challenged 18-25s in Leeds to try and free pour and single and a double shot. Here’s how they got on…Watch Here
We […]
Planning […]
You. […]
Nights out are for letting off steam and having a great time. So why wake up full of regret? If any of these sound like your typical night, it could be time to rethink your Saturday night and cut down the booze. Predrinks consists of necking drinks nobody likes You’ve got half an hour until […]
Need […]
Who […]
Worried? […]
Rarely […]Paul Feig’s female-led Ghostbusters reboot has found its villain — or at least one of them — in the form of actor and writer Neil Casey. Right now, all we know is that Casey’s character will go by the name of Rowan, but other than that, we don’t know any real details about his character. Though you may not recognize Casey by name, he has considerable credits under his belt. In addition to writing for Saturday Night Live, Inside Amy Schumer, and Kroll Show, Casey has appeared on Veep, Broad City, The League, and The Kroll Show, and Paul Feig’s Yahoo original series, Outer Space. Casey joins an already stellar cast including Kristen Wiig, Melissa McCarthy, Leslie Jones and Kate McKinnon and Chris Hemsworth.
So why do I say Neil Casey is just one of the villains? If this new movie follows the tradition of the original two Ghostbusters films, then there will be two bad guys; so far, there has traditionally been a human antagonist as well as a supernatural one. The first Ghostbusters of course had William Atherton as EPA agent Walter Peck (or “Dickless”, as Peter Venkman refers to him) and Gozer the Gozerian, while the second movie had Peter MacNicol as Dr. Janosz Poha (arguably the best thing about that particular movie) and Wilhelm von Homburg as Vigo the Carpathian.
Of course, the new movie could be throwing that whole playbook away, but I have a feeling they’re going to be faithful to it. After all, we’ve got four leads as the Ghostbusters and a receptionist (from Asgard), so it looks like they’re looking to the original film at least when it comes to the basic structure of the movie. We’ll know for sure on July 22nd, 2016 when Ghostbusters finally hits theaters.
To find out more about why this is the reboot we’ve been waiting for, watch today’s Nerdist News:Cooling Rate is a measure of how quickly a casting is cooling down, in °C per minute, measured at each point in the casting as that point hits the Niyama Point on the cooling curve.
Cooling Rate can be an indication of material quality. Areas of the casting that cool rapidly generally have a more favorable grain structure, with less deposition of partially-soluble compounds at the grain boundaries. Therefore, these areas tend to have better material properties such as strength, elongation and hardness. Those areas of the casting that cool more slowly generally tend to have poorer material properties.
The plot above shows the areas of the casting with the lowest cooling rates.
It is possible to correlate cooling rates with material properties. One useful method for this plot is to find out what minimum cooling rate is required to achieve, for example, a given hardness. Then, plot cooling rate, using this minimum value as a boundary. Your plot, then, will only highlight those areas with cooling rates below your established minimum.PM visits submarine command
Prime Minister Kim Boo-kyum gives a thumbs-up sign aboard the ROKS Sohn Won-il submarine during his visit to the naval submarine command in Jinhae, 400 kilometers south of Seoul, on Oct. 16, 2021, in this photo released by the prime minister's office. (PHOTO NOT FOR SALE) (Yonhap)
(END)
General 15:59 October 16, 2021The cartoons were mainly parodies of existing children's shows (such as Thundercats and Transformers), given a mild scatological element and packed with cheesy wordplay. The one that sticks in my memory was Thunderpants (the Thundercats parody), where the various characters were clad in humourous pants (note to merkins: pants meaning underpants, not trousers). Mumm-ra, of course, became Bum-ra. How could they not?
Complete rubbish of course, but it still amazes me how they got away with such things when most children's TV has to prove that it's beneficial or educational these days.
*Fluck and Law
Need help? accounthelp@everything2.comThis is a brand new part, not old stock. Includes timing covers (upper & lower), and dust seals (upper & lower). Be sure to check my other sales for hard to find Geo/Suzuki parts. Suzuki Swift GT GTi Timing Cover Kit Covers & Seals 89-94 Genuine OEM" is in sale since Saturday, December 20, 2014. This item is in the category "eBay Motors\Parts & Accessories\Car & Truck Parts\Engines & Components\Timing Components".The seller is "bowens" and is located in Concord, California. This item can be shipped worldwide.Nextep was with Medvance at the World Orphan Drug Congress
This year, the program has been extended to gene therapies, cell therapies, and rare cancers.
Medvance organized at the World Orphan Drug conference a roundtable regarding early access for orphan drugs in Europe, underlying thru compassionate use or ATUs in France the commonalities of different systems based on the same vision of offering innovative drugs to patients as quickly as possible without putting too much cost pressure on the healthcare budget. It is also a good opportunity for the industry to collect real life data when clearly clinical studies are usually not conclusive enough given the limited volume of patients.
About the World Orphan Drug Congress
The World Orphan Drug Congress USA brings together world leaders in orphan drug development and rare disease research, alongside regulators, payers, and patients. Entirely dedicated to rare diseases, this congress explores the new therapies available and the means to facilitate the access of patients with rare diseases to these treatments.
/>@article{grossman_saving_2014, title = {Saving the {Banks} {The} {Political} {Economy} of {Bailouts}}, volume = {47}, issn = {0010-4140, 1552-3829}, url = {}, doi = {10.1177/0010414013488540}, abstract = {How much leeway did governments have in designing bank bailouts and deciding on the height of intervention during the 2007-2009 financial crisis? By analyzing the variety of bailouts in Europe and North America, we will show that the strategies governments use to cope with the instability of financial markets does not depend on economic conditions alone. Rather, they take root in the institutional and political setting of each country and vary in particular according to the different types of business–government relations banks were able to entertain with public decision makers. Still, “crony capitalism” accounts overstate the role of bank lobbying. With four case studies of the Irish, Danish, British, and French bank bailout, we show that countries with close one-on-one relationships between policy makers and bank management tended to develop unbalanced bailout packages, while countries where banks negotiated collectively developed solutions with a greater burden-sharing from private institutions.}, language = {en}, number = {4}, urldate = {2014-02-14}, journal = {Comparative Political Studies}, author = {Grossman, Emiliano and Woll, Cornelia}, month = mar, year = {2014}, keywords = {finance, collapse}, pages = {574--600}, file = {Grossman and Woll - 2014 - Saving the Banks The Political Economy of Bailouts.pdf:C\:\\Users\\rsrs\\Documents\\Zotero Database\\storage\\ZGJEBWWQ\\Grossman and Woll - 2014 - Saving the Banks The Political Economy of Bailouts.pdf:application/pdf} }Divers swim with great white sharks off the coast of Mexico Divers swim with great white sharks off the coast of Mexico. 05 November 2010 • 3:03pm A Credit: AMOS NACHOUM / BARCROFT USA The." Credit: AMOS NACHOUM / BARCROFT USA Credit: AMOS NACHOUM / BARCROFT USA Amos' clients pay £3,700 to travel on a privately chartered boat 150 miles off the coast of Mexico to Guadalupe. That enables them to go down 40 foot inside the cage as many times as they want," said Amos. "However for another £2,200 my clients can leave the cage and dive with me." Credit: AMOS NACHOUM / BARCROFT USA "Not all of the customers who come with me will be allowed to do this. I choose and me and my assistant Fernando only allow one person at one time to leave the cage under our supervision. They will never be as experienced as me and so I can not deal with more than one person. If you go near these creatures without proper guidance, then it is fair to say that you will get eaten." Credit: AMOS NACHOUM / BARCROFT USA." Credit: AMOS NACHOUM / BARCROFT USA "During my latest expedition I took a group of 11 customers to observe the sharks in their natural habitat. We would make up to five dives a day for a week, each one lasting up to one hour. Over the course of that week 15 different sharks came to see us and according to my own rules we would never continue an encounter when more than three sharks arrived." Credit: AMOS NACHOUM / BARCROFT USA "The great whites are not approachable," said Amos. They come to you, not the other way around. We are guests and we observe the shark, see how it swims in the ocean and digest its graceful beauty. The trick is to keep moving around in the water and to respect the shark." Credit: AMOS NACHOUM / BARCROFT USA "We should all realise that the danger is in your mind. If you cross the road when the light is red there is a chance you might get run over and cars are driven by humans, the most intelligent species on the planet. In essence what I am saying is you don't do anything stupid." Credit: AMOS NACHOUM / BARCROFT USA Operating adventure trips to see the planet's most spectacular animals since 1990, Amos has a 100 percent safety record in the water Credit: AMOS NACHOUM / BARCROFT USA In addition to his great white excursions Amos also takes clients round the world to encounter other big animals such as humpback whales and leopard seals. Credit: AMOS NACHOUM / BARCROFT USA Twitter Icon Facebook Icon WhatsApp Icon Email Icon Comment speech bubblePest Control Macquarie Park NSW – Emergency Residential Exterminators
The longer you wait, the worse your pest infestation can get. If you suspect you have a pest problem in Macquarie Park, don't delay. Call us now!
The longer you wait, the worse your pest infestation can get. If you suspect you have a pest problem in Macquarie Park, don't delay. Call us now!
Pest Control Macquarie Park is an important part of any home maintenance. If you have pest infestations in your home or business, look no further than Hills Pest Control Pros.
Out of sight is not always out of mind. Pests that attack your homes, such as cockroaches, rodents, and ants can be so much more than a hassle – they can potentially become a danger to your home and your health. Hills Pest Control Pros can provide peace of mind in helping shield your property now and in the future from a pest infestation.
Whatever season it is, it is advisable to keep unwanted pests out of your home all through the year with a routine pest control service. Keeping them from your residence isn’t a one-time event. This is why our skilled pest control specialists provide a reputable and professional pest control service to rid your home of unwanted pests all year round.
Our acclaimed training and state-of-the-art technology, allows your Hills Pest Control Pros expert to search for conditions that invite unwanted pests, remove existing infestations and future problems. Your Hills Pest Control Pros expert will determine the pests in your home and create a solution to treat typical infestations like termites, bed bugs, cockroaches, mosquitoes, rodents, and more.
This is exactly why we are the best exterminator in Macquarie Park. Contact us now and get a free, no-obligation quote!
Most problems we have with weird crawlies and unwanted pests are essentially an annoyance, yet some can trigger genuine health-related complications or harm to your residential or commercial property. Pests that enter the house can be successfully controlled by our expert team. Pests like cockroaches, mice and rats can trigger illness or spread disease, while some spider bites can be fatal.
Our residential pest control Macquarie Park services are simple and cost-effective. Our friendly, trained and licensed pest control specialists carry out an extensive evaluation of your home and yard to locate any likely problems. We know where spiders, insects, rodents and other unwanted pests like to live and hide, so we’ll pinpoint these areas. Then we’ll give you with a fully customised pest control treatment that not simply get rid of your existing unwanted pests but also prevent future issues.
Managing the pest control needs of business customers has been an integral part of our service. It’s valuable, long term experience that can truly make a difference.
Today, our expert Commercial and Business Division operates behind the scenes at many of the well known establishments to guarantee a safe, pest-free environment for staff and clients alike.
Whatever your business, don’t depend on valuable operation and credibility to anybody but a proven and tested, expert pest manager.
Unlike other pest control businesses, we don’t work with sprays and other products that badly affect Nature. We care about the planet around us, and this is the main reason why we utilise environment-friendly pest control and management services. With us, you can feel confident that the approaches we utilise won’t injure you, your loved ones, and the environment in the long run.
Home Pest control is always a collaboration between the owner of a house and the professional pest controller. Our services are extremely efficient, but only if the homeowner is doing their best to limit “Pest-Friendly Environments”. We work with the very best fumigation methods to guarantee your home is clear of all kinds of infestations. Our professionals are industry-trained, and possess the right experience to bring world-class and cost-efficient services.
Do not try to look for a pest control company near me any longer. Contact us now for an estimate!
Hills Pest Control Pros specialists are trained to help handle your cockroach problems. Keeping cockroaches out from your home or building is a recurring procedure, not a one-time treatment. Hills Pest Control Pros will provide the right pest control treatment to prevent cockroaches out from your home or establishment.
People will often blame a cockroach issue on terrible house maintenance. While kitchen areas, cleaning containers and floors can be helpful, it’s much more important to decrease food sources utilised by cockroaches. Roaches will hitch a ride on infested objects taken inside or get into through fractures in the home’s exterior.
Ants & Spiders can be found in types of sizes and shapes with a different way of pest control needed.
The type colony, defend the colony, but do not recreate. Male ants are winged and their only job is to mate with the queens throughout the swarming duration. Bad sanitation is the primary cause of ant invasions in homes and businesses.
Leaving dirty dishes on the sink, food remains on counter tops, crumbs on the flooring and trash in the rubbish bin for extended periods, give food sources for ants and could also entice spiders. What starts with a couple of scavengers getting in the home can become a major infestation if ants build nests in yards, wall space, or under buildings.
Cats and dogs are the primary grounds for a flea invasion. The flea hooks up itself to the dog or cat and then it’ll infest the cat or dog’s fur and the spots it sleeps. Flea pest control for the home and yard normally takes two treatments. Sometimes, fleas may become an issue inside the home when the host they formerly fed upon is no longer there. The flea then focuses their feeding activity on other hosts that reside in the home.
An essential element of bedbug & flea treatment method is the effort and time it requires to fully exterminate the issue. Managing infestation involves treating infected pets, cleaning up infested locations, and taking preventive measures to keep the fleas and other insects from coming back.
Mice and rats are warm-blooded animals that can be seen across the world. They’ve got large front teeth for gnawing and back teeth, which are adapted for chewing. They gnaw on a range of objects accessible to them and lead to great damages around houses. Aside from being difficult to manage, rats and mice carry illness and contaminate food with waste, fur, and saliva.
It’s a fact that rodents can contaminate about ten times the amount of food they feed on. When you see a rat or mouse inside your home, it’s best to call a professional pest controller to remove and advise methods to prevent further issues. The presence of one rat or mouse inside a home can signal an infestation.
Flies, wasps, birds, possum, and other unwanted pests can enter a home through different methods. They can drift in through open doors and windows or enter houses on food (fruit flies). They may also be enticed to and breed in the organic matter within your drains. Others like flies could also infest dead animals in walls, roof voids, or other concealed spots inside your home.
Birds are an incredible addition to your backyard, however, when they come in huge numbers, they can create chaos in your abode or business premise.
Our pest control specialists are trained to help manage all kinds of pests. Due to the fact every home and business is unique, the professional will layout a special pest control plan for your situation. Our expert can provide the best treatment to prevent all pests away from your home, dining establishment or office.
Our skilled team is extremely skilled in all aspects of termite control. We provide expert and budget friendly termite protection and treatment services. This includes termite inspections, monitoring, baiting and pre-construction barriers. We provide quick, safe and responsive pest control services by locals supported by our full guarantee.
Every termite problem is different, so there is never a single easy approach for getting rid of termites, Hills Pest Control Pros will always give you with the ideal solution to any termite issue you may be dealing with. During our termite control service, you can be assured that our extremely experienced and trained Termite Technician will examine, protect and treat your home to the highest Australian Standards.
We take great pride in ourselves as among the many few companies that offer an affordable pricing policy. Regardless of your budget plan, be assured that we will work something out for you! Our professional pest control professionals are happily looking forward to your call. Contact us today!
Other services we provide include Termite Treatment, Cockroach Removal, Ant Removal and many more.
Remember, we have locations in North Ryde, West Pymble, Marsfield, Chatswood West, Killara, Gordon, Lindfield, Lane Cove West, East Ryde, Denistone East and Macquarie Park- Parliaments
- Elections
- Data on women
- Data on Age
- Specialized Bodies
- Data tools
- About
Uzbekistan
Legislative ChamberSenate
Legislative Chamber
Data on youth
Basic information > About parliament
Basic information > About parliament
Speaker
Year of birth
1959)
Members for whom no data is available IPU does not contain age and gender data for all chambers of parliament.
Total number of MPs, 45 years of age or younger
Total number of MPs, 46 years of age or older
Total per sex
Total of male
Total of female
Total per age interval
31-40
41-45
46-50?This week on Winning In Business, Angus Pryor the Practice Growth Specialist will be sharing with you whether your new patient form is undermining your marketing efforts?
“How Your New Patient Form is Undermining Your Marketing” and you’re thinking, “Well, how is that even possible?” Now, obviously, when a new client comes in, hopefully they fill in a new patient form. And for most dental practices, they are capturing people’s, you know, medical history and so on, but also it’s an excellent chance to catch some of their marketing background.
But today I want to talk to you about how this new patient form, if you’re not doing it right, can be undermining your marketing. The first thing I wanted to talk to you about here is something called “touch points” and touch points is basically the journey that your potential client goes on before they become a client.
Every time they see anything of yours, you can consider that to be a touch point. If they hear about you from a friend, if they see some signage, if they see you on the internet, if they see an ad or social media, whatever. All of those are touch points. Now, once upon a time, the number of touch points you needed for someone to become a client was around five to seven. I’m not saying a dental emergency so much, but you know, in other situations, but these days, the data shows that can be more like 10 to 20 because we’re being bombarded with messages all the time.
And so the way that your new patient form can undermine your marketing is if you’re not capturing all of those touch points. And then secondly, to make sure that you’re asking people to tick all, because it’s not one thing, you know. I was talking to a dentist yesterday and they’re like, “Well, you know, which are the best things?” And some things will turn up, no doubt, but often what happens is, your new patient form is really only measuring, if you don’t do it right, the last thing that they saw.
But that undermines all of your other marketing efforts ’cause we need those touch points. So make sure that you’ve list out all the different touch points and you get people to tick all. And then I wrote “aggregate,” but I couldn’t figure out how to spell it. I think it’s a “Aggregate,” which just means to add them up. Now, at that point, what you’re looking for is to see whether there’s any of the touch points listed, any of the different ways that people could have seen you.
And when you add all of those up for a whole bunch of patients over a period of time, then you go, “Oh, okay. “So there’s one, that’s not appearing much.” And sometimes that can be a way of saying, “All right, well, that’s one we can stop spending money on.” But it’s really getting people to tick all. And that aggregate that will help you understand what marketing’s working and what marketing’s not working.Keep Your Gutters In Tiptop Shape
Schedule gutter repairs in Chattanooga, TN
Damaged, worn-out and compromised gutters can lead to major issues. If your gutters aren't working properly, you can end up with serious water damage to your interior or foundation. Don't hesitate to contact Dyna-Tech Gutter Solutions when you need gutter repairs.
Our gutter repair company in Chattanooga, TN will assess the damage and let you know what to expect. If your gutters only have minor problems, we can fix them for you. If your gutters are seriously damaged, we'll recommend a replacement. We'll explain your options so you can make an informed decision. Arrange for gutter repairs when you call 423-551-4663 now.By Keith Malik Washington
Chief Spokesperson for End Prison Slavery in Texas Movement
“Those who sell out their people to the highest bidder do not have the same relationship with the power-broker that the 99% have. Our response is not patient or conciliatory–it is about chopping off heads and taking no prisoners. I am speaking philosophically here, as warfare is more spiritual than physical. We are so powerful, we can think the enemy into his grave.” — Wanda Sabir, “Black Panther: Reflection on cultural solidarity and historic debt”
Peace and Blessings, Sisters and Brothers!
All of my life, I have wanted to be a part of something bigger than myself. We have been taught to want for your brother what you want for yourself. In this moment in history, I want freedom for ALL political and politicized prisoners. Power to the people!!.”
The intention of holding this event is to draw international attention to the freedom struggles of our long-held political prisoners here in the United Snakes of Amerika!! The U.S. continues to strut across the world stage falsely portraying itself as a bastion for human and civil rights. We all are clearly seeing that these are lies being fed to a blind public. Well, the time has arrived to remove the blinders, remove the rose-colored glasses, and open people’s eyes.
Wake up Amerikkka! The time for talk about New Afrikan unity is over! Like the great rapper Keith Murray would say: “It’s time for some action!”
Imprisoned Comrades such as Jalil Muntaqim, Mutulu Shakur, and the venerable Sundiata Acoli have been locked up in Amerikan prisons for far too long. We must not remain silent.
There has been an epidemic of prisoners murders by employees of the Florida Department of Corrections and legalized slavery is promoted, sanctioned, and condoned by the buffoon in the White House.
Meanwhile, here in Texas, we are suffering from deadly heat on a daily basis, with summer temperatures inside these un-air-conditioned units sometimes reaching into the triple digits!
So you can see why it is necessary to say loudly and publicly that PRISON LIVES MATTER! I am requesting that anti-racists, anti-fascists, anti-imperialists and freedom fighters of every stripe come to Indiana to support us on July 18!
On a personal note, I’d like to inform all of you that July 19, 2018 is my 50th birthday! It would be a wonderful gift to me if you would consider traveling to Indiana to support Kwame Shakur and his comrades!
I leave you as I came: in the spirit of peace. And remember, prison lives matter!
Dare to struggle, dare to WIN. All power to the people. - best paper for art markers, white chalk on black paper, markers for black paper, markers that write on black, best markers for black paper, best paper for markers, pens for black paper, best pens for black paper Buffet would confirm them ending in full before attempting to choosing them. insquotedl. stars - reviews/5(K). Posca paint pens are also excellent on black paper. White gelly roll pens now also come in various widths. They are very goodEstimated Reading Time: 3 mins. Dec 07, · These are white pens I’ve come across on the internet but don’t own so I’m assuming would work ok on black paper: Uniball Signo. Recollections Signature Estimated Reading Time: 50 secs. detroit photo essay
how to write a scientific paper pdf - Mar 08, · If you want to write on black posterboard, you will need to use a paint pen/marker. FREE Shipping on orders over $25 shipped by Amazon. Amazon's Choice. for gel pens write on black. Sunshilor Metallic Markers Fine Point Metallic Marker Pens for Black Paper, Art Rock Painting, Easter Egg, Halloween Pumpkin, Card Making, Metal, Ceramics, Wine Glass, Set of out of 5 stars. Feb 10, ·. anne frank essay topics
graduate diploma creative writing usyd - Jun 28, · Markers that write on black paper Sunday, June 28, Understudies who prevail in their school studies should utilize these assets to improve their wegames-co-jp.somee.comg enticing contention paper isn't just testing yet in addition extremely successful and significant for your school or college. Recollect that school is where you. Sakura Gelly Roll Moonlight Gel Pen - mm - 25 Color Set. $ (29) Add to Cart. Add to Comparison. Sakura Gelly Roll Classic Gel Pen - Fine/Medium/Bold - White - 3 Pen Set. $ Dec 24, · For writing on black paper I recommend the Sakura Gelly Roll The Pilot Poplol worked second best but I had to write over the words twice. Prefer to write on black paper? See which pens write best in this post. More pen reviews. Planner pen testing in the Erin Condren Life Planner, Plum Paper, Happy Planner by MAMBI and Limelife PlannerEstimated Reading Time: 1 min. how to do assignments in college
best book review ghostwriter websites for university - Markers That Write On Black Paper. High school. It is crime-free Markers That Write On Black Paper and secure cyberspace. Our service uses the latest security gains to protect your essay details, personal data, and financial operations from any internal and external dangers/10(). Black Acrylic Paint Pens - 8Pack Black Paint Markers, Acrylic Paint Pens for Rock Painting, Stone, Wood, Canvas, Glass, Metallic, Ceramic, Graffiti, Paper, Drawing, Water-Based Acrylic Paint Sets . Apr 14, · Artists, scientists, engineers, and even parents often have to write on non-paper media; to do so, they use pens that write on multiple surfaces, also known as multi-surface wegames-co-jp.somee.com put our multi-surface pens to the test on four common surfaces: glass, plastic, metal, and wegames-co-jp.somee.comted Reading Time: 7 mins. diverse voices essays on twentieth century women writers in english
thesis in writing paragraph - Jul 05, · If you have a piece of black construction paper and you want a color that truly pops out you need a white pen or paint marker. White pens are always useful for writing on photographs, magazines, and other glossy surfaces, assuming you get a good model with pigmented ink. Proper paper writing includes a lot of research and an ability to form strong arguments to defend your point Markers That Write On Black Paper of view. It also requires knowledge about how Markers That Write On Black Paper to present your thoughts on paper right, how Markers That Write On Black Paper to catch the attention of the reader (or the readers) and to hold it until the very Markers That Write On Black Paper end/10(). Markers That Write On Black Paper. with a 10d deadline. Please enter message. All of papers you get at are meant for research purposes only. The papers are not supposed to be submitted for academic credit/10(). extended essay help
writing an essay about effective leadership - from $ per page. Essays Markers That Write On Black Paper are the most common type of academic paper – and sometimes, you are assigned just too many of them. Our paper writers are able to help you with all kinds of essays, including application essays, persuasive /10(). If you're looking for the best white pens for black paper, I tested 5 of the leading pen brands and share the results here. Article by TinkerLab. k. Art Hello Craft Paper Art White Ink Black Paper Drawing Drawing Supplies Pen White Gel Pen Black wegames-co-jp.somee.comted Reading Time: 4 mins. Estimated Reading Time: 5 mins. td bank business plan
frequent college essay questions - Markers That Write On Black Paper, essays word or number, my mother story essay, how to start an introductory essay. Cooperate with writer. Toggle navigation. 5% off. 1() 1() FAQ. Blog. Contact. Terms & Conditions. SITEMAP. PRIVACY POLICY. 5d deadline. New on Blog /10(). Jan 08, · If you’ve been following TPK on Facebook or Instagram, you know that I’ve been drawing on black paper for the past two weeks working on my chalk-style illustration booklet/kit for Quarto wegames-co-jp.somee.com kit will be available on Amazon and in various brick-and-mortar stores late summer of this year, but I couldn’t wait that long to write a blog post over this — actually, very fun Estimated Reading Time: 8 mins. Markers That Write On Black Paper it night or day. Original and well-researched content: the final Markers That Write On Black Paper work you get will be % original and non-plagiarized. Revision until satisfaction achieved: You get to have unlimited revisions until you are satisfied with the work/10(). disneyland dads essay
best sites to buy books cheap in india - Jul 16, · We considered a selection of pens and inks known to be highly water resistant for this guide. Their previous water resistance tests were done on writing paper like Rhodia. To account for any affect that paper absorbency or watercolor paper sizing may have on their waterproofness and drying times, we re-tested them on Stillman & Birn Zeta paper Estimated Reading Time: 9 mins. Oct 20, · White ink is not only for writing on black paper! It also shows up wonderfully on kraft paper, dark cardstock, and colored envelopes. Use white ink on various backgrounds for unique DIY greeting cards, invitations, and other paper crafts. Oct 13, · Pens to write on black paper Personal Essay Samples For Design Thinking In Health Care. Wednesday, October 14, Term Paper. Term Paper It is necessary for the subject you choose to be related to your class and at the similar time interesting so that you can explore. The downside you may encounter is that many of the instructed topics you Estimated Reading Time: 11 mins. how to write essay for scholarship
best sites to buy books cheap in india - While Markers That Write On Black Paper it Markers That Write On Black Paper is true, there is always a way to simplify the process of getting to the goal. wegames-co-jp.somee.com is your opportunity to spend less time on boring assignments. With the assistance of our experts, you will start writing better papers and getting better grades/10(). “Writing Services” As I have already had some bad experiences with writing services, I asked wegames-co-jp.somee.com to provide me Markers That Write On Black Paper with a draft of the work. They obliged and provided me Markers That Write On Black Paper with adraft of the work which I must say was a great piece of writing that impressed my professor as well/10(). Permanent markers ideal for making thin lines on metal, glass, plastics, foils, rubber, cloth and waxed paper; Fine-point tips make these markers a pleasure to use by ensuring your writing is legible and uniform. gamsat essay questions
short essay on respect your parents - Writing is a complex skill for every student. Actually, they need it to be in order to successfully go through college. Not only students are intimate to Markers That Write On Black Paper the writing skills a lot of people are also eager to write a good article. In the academic years of the student, [ ]/10(). Pens That Write On Black Paper looked into many tutoring services, but they weren't affordable and did not understand my custom-written needs. wegames-co-jp.somee.com's services, on the other hand, is a perfect match for all my Pens That Write On Black Paper written needs. The writers are reliable, honest, extremely knowledgeable, and the results are /10(). Paper Mate InkJoy RT Ballpoint Pen 1mm Blue Ink Dozen Paper Mate. $ Sold and shipped by MyOfficeInnovations. a Target Plus™ partner. Free 2-day shipping with $35 orders. Not in stores. Add for shipping. Paper Mate InkJoy RT Ballpoint Pen 1mm Black Ink Dozen help with scholarship essays
easy persuasive essays - Insulin resistance and inflammation markers in myocardial wegames-co-jp.somee.com Content uploaded by Barbarash Olga. Author content. All content in this area was uploaded by Barbarash Olga on Feb 17, One of the best pens we found that is suitable for writing on photo paper is the ZIG photo Signature Pen. The ZIG Photo Signature Pen writes safely on photographs, they are a high-quality photographic pen that is made in Japan. ZIG Photo Signature Pen has photo-safe, fade-resistant and . Come in Poland for two weeks. In the bag with zipper. Color list on a separate self-adhesive paper, which is very convenient. I paste a notebook to not lose. In addition, the store put gifts: white and black handle and something like a bracelet with seals. I understand, to tighten the markers. Markers lovely, very nice. I . best sites to buy books cheap in india
argumentative essay money is better than education -. You can ask our writers for any additional requirements and they will make Markers That Write On Black Paper sure your paper looks the way it should. Our experts have a phenomenal speed of writing and always try to deliver orders as quickly as they Markers That Write On Black Paper can. In case of an urgent paper, you can add the option of a /10(). Markers That Write On Black Paper, resume writing service virginia beach, what do you do to song titles in an essay carrie toth, business plan coltivazione bamb. We accept: PM Oct 12, Order now. Stay updated on the progress of your order and can make alterations. kiandra offline/10(). thesis topics in educational planning
red tube homework - Apr 19, · Acknowledgment. The authors would like to express their gratitude to anonymous referees who helped improve the paper. Declaration of interest: The authors report no conflicts of wegames-co-jp.somee.com authors alone are responsible for the content and writing of the paper. Integrative systems of genomic risk markers for cancer and other diseases: future of predictive medicin Topics: biomarkers, cancer, single nucleotide polymorphisms. The majority of tasks we complete includes creating custom-written papers for a college level and more complicated tasks for advanced courses. You can always count on Do My Homework Online team of assignment Markers That Write On Black Paper experts to receive the best and correct solutions to improve your studying results with ease/10(). cheap paper ghostwriter sites online
frequent college essay questions - Essay Paper Help ‘If you haven’t already tried taking essay paper help from TFTH, I strongly suggest that you do so right away. I used to wonder how a company can service an essay Markers That Write On Black Paper help so well that it earns such rave reviews from every other student. But the, I got essay Markers That Write On Black Paper help online from them and realised why that is /10(). Write and erase cleanly with this pack of Paper Mate Eraser Mate medium-point black pens. Erasable ballpoint pens allow you to write, erase, and rewrite with no wear-and-tear. Black ink has a rich color for excellent readability. View all product Details & Specifications. $ analysis research paper example
Write a compare and contrast essay on killing a tree vs trees are created in every moment, some of these poetry homework help might be something you want to it dissertation ideas forever but still give you a slight chuckle of how stupid and embarrassing it was. Some might bring melancholy feeling whenever you reminisce it but brings a smile because alongside it is the happy memories. Such memories are best kept and shared with the people we care about. That is why one the best way for such memories to be kept and be shared is through photography.
Photographs are the physical representation of our memories and our past. It could capture markers that write on black paper, from our childhood up to our present lives. Photographs help top executive resume writer remember not only the events but the person itself; friends who have to live away, loved ones we barely see, and even important markers that write on black paper who passed away. Markers that write on black paper the help of photography, we are able to capture every moment that we deemed memorable for us, a good example of this are wedding photos, debut markers that write on black paper, and etc.
Such an event truly brings warm fuzzies whenever you are reminded of the past. Markers that write on black paper are some cases where people write on your photo markers that write on black paper commemorate that they were there when that joyful moment or event markers that write on black paper. But writing on photo paper can be frustrating sometimes because most of the time the pen you use markers that write on black paper write on the picture would smudge or smear on the photo resulting in the photo to be ruined, and markers that write on black paper the ink would take a long time to dry. Photo papers are not very markers that write on black paper and take a while to dry.
That is why some companies created special pens for the purpose of being able to write on photo papers without smudging or smearing it. There are many different essay compare culture of pens used for different kinds markers that write on black paper papers and purposes, such as ballpoint pens, rollerball pens, gel pens, marker pens and etc.
But most of these pens are not suitable for writing on photo paper. In choosing the right pen for the purpose of writing on a photo paper there are things that we should consider such as Finish, Tip size, Drying time, Acid-Free, Longevity, and Water-resistant. One of the best pens we found that is suitable for writing on photo paper is the ZIG photo Markers that write on black paper Pen. ZIG Photo Signature Pen has photo-safe, fade-resistant and water-resistant inks essay outline pdf is available in different colors.
The ZIG Photo Signature Pens are designed to write on markers that write on black paper surface of modern plasticized photos and other shiny materials. The description also highlighted some of the ZIG Photo Signature Social justice essay features, such as the pen having a precise, fine tip and photo-safe quick-drying inedible ink which would not smudge or smear on the surface front or back of essay 3 paragraph plasticized markers that write on black paper or any markers that write on black paper surface.
The ZIG Photo Signature Pen has a permanent, and fade-resistant alcohol-based ink, it is also acid-free and waterproof. It varies in price ranging from different prices depending on its seller. Most of the people who bought and used it are extremely satisfied. The majority of the users gave it five stars rating. But although some are satisfied there are a few who are not. Sharpies are furthering my education essay very popular ink company in America.
They sell pens exclusive for photo papers. One is the Sharpie Standard Marker Pen, it is a good pen to use in designing and writing on a photo. It is smear-resistant when dry, permanent on paper as well as water-resistant. It is also available in a different color such as blue, green, red, etc. Unlike other markers or pens which dry really slow, Sharpie Standard Marker Pen dries really quickly. We could use this in different kinds of photo paper or photographs and also for Instax film. The only thing in Sharpie Standard Marker Pen markers that write on black paper that it has a thick point so we can only use this in a photo with a wide space and it tends markers that write on black paper limit the words we could write.
Every problem has a solution if you want a finer pen that you could use to write on a photo paper that is smear-free, here comes Ultra-Fine Point Sharpie which has an extra-fine hard nylon point for a 0. It is much finer than the standard marker pen. It also varies with different colors and sets. Ultra-Fine Point Sharpie is available in 42 different colors. This includes neon colors; blue, orange, yellow, pink, and markers that write on black paper, they are called Sharpie Neon Fine Point Markers that write on black paper Markers.
They also offer Sharpie Metallic Fine Point Permanent Markers, they seem quite thick when you use this markers that write on black paper they are not smudging at all they dry in an instant. This is good in designing your pictures like draw a markers that write on black paper, or effects because of the glimmering marks of the pen. Sharpie currently markers that write on black paper blank sheet of paper to write on unique, vibrant colors. We could buy these products online where you can find many other products that you may like. Sharpie has become one of the most famous marker pens because of its very satisfying and incredible internet homework help performance.
Sharpie markers have a firm tip that markers that write on black paper a quick flowing and also has a fast-drying ink. These two are both economical and good for markers that write on black paper environment kinds of pens. This also comes with sets of pens and different colors. These are quite affordable than other what is business plan in entrepreneurship pens. We could use markers that write on black paper two on many other surfaces other than photo paper like metal, plastic, etc. They are oil-based ink and this makes them water-resistant. Both also are double-sided, markers that write on black paper fine and extra-fine tips.
These two pens are quite similar in their designs but Zebra Mackee has a firmer and finer tip than Uni Pi:s. The former also has a markers that write on black paper ink cartridge that can also be bought online. These two are not for everyday use, if you will use these on a normal paper markers that write on black paper dissertation auf deutsch schreiben everything has its own goal, to write.
And each of these pens has its resume templates for auto mechanics unique ability, for example, there are pens that are special for professionals, markers that write on black paper photo markers that write on black paper, for sketching and etc. We hope that after [bild: oip.csjhmscmgygeo6yfa2_6_qhafj?w=230&h=1.=5&pid=1.1] this article you finally found the best pen to write on photo paper that you cover letter for cooks helper for your project.
Which pen is suitable for writing on the BACKS of photos — normal ball-point markers that write on black paper seep through the photo paper and spoil the picture on the markers that write on black paper. Your email address markers that write on black paper not be published. The Ballpoint Pens is a website dedicated to help other pen lovers from choosing the best pens to fixing their pen problems. Our mission is to provide useful markers that write on black paper for our valued readers. Learn more…. This website is a participant of Amazon Markers that write on black paper Program.
Thus, some articles in this site have Amazon Affiliate links. This means that every time our reader clicks and buys a product, this site earns a commission. Read our privacy markers that write on black paper. Toggle navigation. Sharpies Sharpies are a very popular ink company markers that write on black paper America. Uni Pi:s and Zebra Mackee Online essays two are both economical and good for the environment kinds of pens. Only registered users can comment.
Markers that write on black paper a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published.!FitAudit → foods → green tea (unsweetened) → protein Protein in Green tea Green tea contains 0.00 grams of protein per every 100 grams. № The amount of protein Percent Daily Value (DV) per 100 g 674 Distilled vinegar 0g 0% 675 Cider vinegar 0g 0% 676 Nestea black tea (lemon) 0g 0% 677 Green tea 0g 0% 678 Sweetened green tea 0g 0% 679 Black tea 0g 0% 680 Black tea with lemon 0g 0% 681 Monster Energy drink 0g 0% ... Protein chartThis section is from the "Henley's Twentieth Century Formulas Recipes Processes" encyclopedia, by Norman W. Henley and others.
Yellow: Caustic soda solution, 7.5 parts, mixed with 1.5 to 2 parts of finely powdered ocher, heated with 2.5 parts of yellow wax, and stirred until uniformly mixed. A reddish-brown color may be obtained by adding 2 parts of powdered umber to the above mixture.
Natural umber, 0.5 part; burnt umber, 1 part; and yellow ocher, 1 part, gives a fine red-brown color when incorporated with the same wax and soda mixture.
Treat 5 pounds of wax with 15 pounds of caustic soda lye of 3° Be. so that a uniform wax milk results; boil with 0.5 pound of annatto, 3 pounds of yellow ocher, and 2 pounds of burnt umber.
Boil 5 pounds of wax with 15 pounds of caustic soda lye as above. Then add 7 pounds of burnt umber very finely powdered, making it into a uniform mass by boiling again.
The wax milk obtained as above is boiled with 5 pounds of yellow ocher.
The mass on cooling has the consistency of a salve. If it is to be U3ed for rubbing the floor it is stirred with sufficient boiling water so as to form a fluid of the consistency of thin syrup or oil. This is applied very thin on the floor, using a brush; then it is allowed to dry only half way, and is rubbed with a stiff floor brush. The polishing is continued with a woolen rag until a mirror-like gloss is obtained. It is best not to paint the whole room and then brush, but the deals should be taken one after the other, otherwise the coating would become too dry and give too dull a luster. The floors thus treated with gloss paste are very beautiful. To keep them in this condition they should be once in a while rubbed with a woolen rag, and if necessary the color has to be renewed in places. If there are parquet floors whose patterns are not to be covered up, the ocher (yellow) paste or, better still, the pure wax milk is used.
The wood to be polished must be made perfectly smooth and all irregularities removed from the surface with glass paper; next oil the work with linseed oil, taking care to rub off all superfluous oil. (If the wood is white no oil should be used, as it imparts a slight color.) Then prepare a wad or rubber of wadding, taking care there are no hard lumps in it. After the rubber is prepared pour on it a small quantity of polish. Then cover it with a piece of old cotton rag (new will not answer). Put a small drop of oil with the finger on the surface of the rubber, and then proceed to polish, moving the rubber in lines, making a kind of figure of eight over the work. Be very careful that the rubber is not allowed to stick or the work will be spoilt. A little linseed oil facilitates the process. When the rubber requires more polish, turn back the rag cover, pour on the polish, replace the cover, oil and work as before. After this rubbing has proceeded for a little time and the whole surface has been gone over, the work must be allowed to stand for a few hours to harden, and then be rubbed down smooth with very fine emery paper. Then give another coat of polish. If not smooth enough, emery paper again. This process must continue until the grain is filled up. Finish off with a clean rubber with only spirit on it (no polish), when a clear bright surface should be the result. Great care must be taken not to put the polish on too freely, or you will get a rough surface. After a little practice all difficulties will vanish. The best French polish will be found to be one made only from good pale orange shellac and spirit, using 3 pounds of shellac for each gallon of spirit. The latter should be of 63 to 64° over-proof. A weak spirit is not suitable and does not make a good polish. A few drops of pure linseed oil make the polish work more freely.
 
Continue to:Blog Article / 22 March 2021
The top souvenirs to buy when visiting Poland
In the answer to the common question “What to buy from Poland?” you can hear such things as exquisite ceramics, amber jewelry, Torun gingerbread, traditional cakes, and much more. We gathered inspirations for souvenirs from Poland with the most famous Polish products and where to buy them!
Whether you are a tourist or an expat, being abroad makes you want to get your friends and family something special. Bringing gifts from a trip is not only about making a nice gesture, but also about getting to know the culture of the country better, feeling closer to its traditions and customs, and bringing a piece of it back home. Very often people who come to Poland ask themselves - “what souvenirs and famous polish products should I get?”. The country's culture and history are very rich, and, therefore, there is a vast number of traditional gifts that visitors can take with them.
Ceramics | Boleslawiec
Poland is famous for its national ceramics, the characteristic decorative elements of which are blue or brown ornaments. The pottery is made in the city of Boleslawiec - a tradition which has been passed down from generation to generation for several centuries, and is famous all over the world. The products combine traditional forms and ornaments with functionality and excellent quality of workmanship. Boleslawiec ceramics are both unique and easily recognizable, as well as extremely diverse in shape, size, and pattern. It is a perfect gift as a house decoration or as a way to enrich somebody’s kitchen with a beautiful dish.
Gingerbread and Nicolaus Copernicus | Torun
One of the cult sweets of Poland is Torun gingerbread. It is baked in cities and towns by specialist bakers, whose profession was, and sometimes is now hereditary. In ancient times, gingerbread was intended for the privileged sections of the urban and rural population. However, already in the 18th century peasants were also able to buy those sweets at local markets. For production, carved wooden forms are mostly used - way less popular is metal. To get deeper into the history of the sweets and to see some real masterpieces, tourists often visit the Living Museum of Gingerbread. The recipe for baking Torun gingerbread is now more simple than it used to be - nuts, orange peel, or other additives are seldomly added to the dough nowadays. You can buy this famous delicacy everywhere throughout Torun, but also in other cities in Poland. Also, before Christmas, all the shops are filled with bizarre figures of knights, kings, angels… You can taste the history and even bring it back home!
Moreover, Nicolaus Copernicus - a world-known astronomer and one of the most famous Poles, is associated with the city. This native of Torun was even curved in bronze at the expense of the residents of the city. The monument is decorated with a Latin inscription, which translates as follows: "Nicolaus Copernicus is a resident of Torun who moved the Earth and stopped the Sun and the sky." You can buy various souvenirs with this legendary individual - magnets, pendants, little figures, or even bags and t-shirts.
Amber jewelry | Gdansk
Amber is a tourist attraction that creates a special climate in the Baltic cities of Poland. Gdansk would not be Gdansk if it was not for its famous Mariacka Street, where every house that is a masterpiece of architecture has an amber gallery! As the city is considered the undeclared capital of amber - jewelry, and products with this stone are extremely common here, and all of them are of excellent quality. An exceptionally great present idea can be amber paintings and mouthpieces, which are especially valued.
Wuzetka and the Mermaid | Warsaw
The best thing to bring from abroad is always food because it is a perfect mirror of a country's culture. Wuzetka is a classic Polish cake, but not many people know that in fact, it is closely correlated with Warsaw. Varsovians have no doubt that the sweet delicacy was born in the capital, probably at the turn of the 1940s and 1950s. It was a time of dynamic reconstruction and expansion of the city destroyed during World War II, and one of the flagship transport investments of that time was the construction of a route connecting the eastern and western districts of Warsaw, i.e. the W-Z route (in Polish east: Wschód, west: Zachód). It was its name that the term "wuzetka" was supposed to come from because the first cake was served in the vicinity of the famous road. Nobody can deny Wuzetka’s timeless character. Its sweet, creamy taste, created from the combination of sponge cake, jam, whipped cream, and chocolate pomade, constantly delights everyone who tries it.
Another idea of a souvenir from Warsaw has to be connected to the famous Mermaid of Warsaw - the most prominent symbol of the city. It can be a magnet, a little figure, or even an eco-bag picturing this beautiful creature. The monument of the Warsaw Mermaid stands on the Market Square, and its image is on the coat of arms of Warsaw. According to the legend, once the creature was saved by one of the city’s fishermen and to thank him, she promised to defend Warsaw forever. That's why the Warsaw Mermaid is armed - she has a sword and a shield to protect the city. Getting something with her picture as a souvenir, you will make sure to bring the best gift from the Polish capital back home.
Obwarzanek krakowski and Krakow Dragon | Krakow
The Krakow bagel - “obwarzanek” is included in the list of products protected by the European Union and plays the role of a geographical "index" of Lesser Poland. The name of the delicacy comes from the verb obwarzać, i.e. to immerse in boiling water, which is in fact part of its preparation. Rounded bread is made from yeast dough according to a special recipe known only to Krakow bakers. Obwarzanek is sold in small glass booths throughout the city with additives such as sesame, poppy, cheese, salt, or traditional ones - without anything. The peculiarity of the Krakow Obwarzanek is that under the crispy crust, sprinkled with salt, hides a sweet and very soft dough. It is easy to pack it with you anywhere you go, thus also to bring it as a souvenir for your family or friends. To visit Krakow and not try a bagel is a real crime!
What is more, most souvenirs in Krakow are with drawings of a dragon. Believe it or not, this reptile is everywhere in the city - it often appears on houses as an element of decor, drains or gargoyles are also made in the form of it. Even one of the Krakow-Warsaw trains is called the Wawel Dragon. There is Smocza Street (Polish: street of the dragon), one of the awards at the local film festival is also named after it. And in June there is a two-day festival-parade of dragons, while in bookstores, half of the children's books are also about the reptile. As you can definitely see, one has to buy a gift with this magical symbol of the city.
Oscypek cheese and Tatras Tinctures | Zakopane
Oscypek is a traditional Polish smoked cheese made from sheep's milk. This is a symbol of local mountain culture associated with Gorals - Polish highlanders. The taste of oscypek can be different - each Goral family has its own recipes for this delicacy. Where to buy this famous Polish cheese? You can get it at the Christmas markets in different cities, where it is a very common snack, but also in stores or local markets. It is also sold in vacuum packaging, and therefore can be transported for a longer distance (perfect for a gift!). However, the best oscypek is bought in Zakopane- the capital of the Polish Tatra mountains. Here it will be the most original - on an open fire, smoked cheese is grilled and served with cranberry jam. This combination creates an incredible aroma and taste! Though you have to remember, that the smell of oscypek is quite strong, so when traveling you better pack it well.
Moreover, for many years have the locals in Zakopane been using traditional herbs as the basis for the preparation of regional dishes, tinctures, and syrups. Tincture - a homemade alcoholic beverage very common in the Tatra mountains. Ripe cherries, currants, raspberries, gooseberries, blueberries, blackberries, plums, and thorns, together with various herbs, are poured into a bottle and sprinkled with a little sugar. The berries are juicy, the sugar dissolved and thus the infusion is fermented in a warm bright place for two to three weeks. Then it is drained, and the berries can be further used in baking. Depending on the product of the tincture, they are named: cherry, currant, raspberry, plum, etc. Some of them are the outcomes of centuries-old traditions and mysterious recipes. They are usually sold in bottles of different sizes, which makes them even easier to bring as a present with you. It is for sure that after experiencing the whole atmosphere and trying exclusive Tatras tinctures, you will definitely want to come back here again and again, as well as bring some for your friends or family.
Koziolki and St.Martin’s Croissant | Poznan
Number one symbol of Poznan is the Poznan goats (Koziolki), which every day at 12.00 run out in front of the clock on the town hall and start butting. A bloodthirsty, but a well-ending legend is associated with them. Once upon a time, important guests came to the bailiff of Poznan. Naturally, on this occasion, it was decided to arrange a feast and goat meat dishes were supposed to be served at the table. The cook prepared two pretty little goats for the slaughter but hesitated. When he went out to buy spices, the animals took advantage of his absence and fled. And they did not go anywhere but to the roof of the town hall. The cheerful animals climbed onto the roof, and, as is the case with children, they forgot about the recent danger and began to play and butt right in front of the guests of honor. This made those present so amused that it was decided to pardon the goats and in memory of this amazing story a clock in the Poznan Old Town was made, which tourists can still see. As a symbol of the city, you can see the goats pictured on every possible souvenir which you can choose according to your preference.
Another, sweet symbol of Poznan is St. Martin’s Croissant - a delicious treat that is typically sold in the city. Its name comes from St. Martin, who celebrates his name day on November 11th. On this day, Poznan bakeries traditionally sell mainly St. Martin’s croissants, but the fame of the delicacy is so great today that it is also exported to other Polish cities. Thus, you can buy St. Martin’s Croissant not only in bakeries in Poznan but also in other cities such as Warsaw or Krakow. The croissant is crescent-shaped, smeared with pomade, and sprinkled with crushed nuts. It is baked from yeast dough filled with white poppy seeds. Thanks to its amazing filling and aroma, St. Martin's croissants have a unique almond flavor and can be a great and very original souvenir.
Wroclaw Gnomes | Wroclaw
Wrocław Gnomes (Wroclawskie krasnale) is the name of a growing number of bronze dwarf statuettes installed in Wrocław since 2001. It is currently one of the biggest tourist attractions of the city, loved by everyone. Next to the Old Town, Wroclaw Stadium, Wroclaw Christmas Market, or the Sky Tower, the dwarfs have already become the symbol of Wroclaw and attract millions of people every year. If being attentive, you can spot these adorable little creatures everywhere you go - in different poses and different places. It is worth buying a little figure of the dwarfs in one of the souvenir shops and with that, bring a smile to your friends’ faces.
Kremowka Papieska | Wadowice
Kremowka is yet another sweet delicacy and a symbol of one of the Polish cities - Wadowice. The history of the invention of this cake is not completely known. Some confectioners claim that Kremowka comes from the French cake mille-feuille from the 17th century. One thing is clear, this dessert won the hearts of Poles and local masters gave it its name and form. The cake is in the shape of a rectangle, there are two layers of brittle French dough, and inside there is a creamy vanilla creme. Interestingly, Kremowka was a favorite cake of Pope John Paul II (Karol Wojtyla). This is why it is often called “Kremowka Papieska” - Kremowka of the Pope. In Poland, most cafes, as well as bakeries, have these cakes on the menu, especially in Wadowice. Therefore, you can easily buy this treat as a souvenir from Poland.
Tip: remember to always check beforehand in your country what you can and cannot bring from abroad, e.g. it might be forbidden to carry dairy products or alcohol in your luggage. The cakes (Kremowka and Wuzetka) are slightly harder to transport and it is better to take them when traveling by car and if you have a little fridge.
Author: Olena AB Poland Travel
Posted on: 22nd March 2021
Lastest news from AB Poland TravelOur leading products have crushing equipment, sand making equipment, mobile crusher;The products includes five series: crusher, sand making machine, powder grinding mill, mineral processing equipment and building materials equipment.
crusher if you are looking for a used crushers be sure to check out our upcoming equipment auctions.If you want to learn about our products , please call or write mail consultation.
Our products sell well all over the world, and have advanced technology in the field of crushing sand grinding powder.
The coal ash dryer made by our company, as the Chinese leading raw coal drying machine supplier, is specialized in drying the coal ash and then makes new use of it....
Rotary kiln is also known as lime rotary kil...
Raymond mill is also known as Raymond, Raymond machine..
Lignite dryer is also called brown coal dryer machine or lignitic coal drying machine. Lignite dryer adopts the new technology of crushing lignite first and thermal drying...UFC 06 Jun 20
Alex Perez earned a finish with some violent calf kicks for a statement win at UFC 250
Alex Perez made a statement to the entire UFC flyweight division Saturday and did so at the expense of Jussier Formiga’s calf.
Alex Perez made a statement to the entire UFC flyweight division Saturday and did so at the expense of Jussier Formiga’s calf.
Jon Jones wants would like the UFC to “make the reward worth the risk” when it comes time to fight during the coronavirus pandemic.
Maybe they weren’t wimps, but kickboxing events at Thailand’s famed Lumpinee Stadium contributed significantly to the COVID-19 spread.
Here’s a simple guideline for getting us all through the coronavirus pandemic safe and healthy: Be like Max Holloway.
If you wrote Aaron Pico off after his recent setbacks, think again.
Don’t think MMA influences wrestling and vice versa? Consider how an armbar looked in wrestling back in the day and how it does now.
Getting that jumbo-sized hunk of metal back home took some explaining.
Kevin MacDonald may have done his job a little bit too well on Saturday, as he ended up on the wrong end of a single-leg attempt after ending the fight.
The bigger they come, the harder they fall.
If you didn’t know the names Brad Riddell and Jamie Mullarkey going into UFC 243, you sure do now.The assimilation of satellite-derived soil moisture estimates (soil moisture–data assimilation, SM–DA) into hydrological models has the potential to reduce the uncertainty of streamflow simulations. The improved capacity to moni- tor the closeness to saturation of small catchments, such as those characterizing the Mediterranean region, can be exploited to enhance flash flood predictions. When compared to other microwave sensors that have been exploited for SM– DA in recent years (e.g. the Advanced SCATterometer – AS- CAT), characterized by low spatial/high temporal resolution, the Sentinel 1 (S1) mission provides an excellent opportu- nity to monitor systematically soil moisture (SM) at high spatial resolution and moderate temporal resolution. The aim of this research was thus to evaluate the impact of S1-based SM–DA for enhancing flash flood predictions of a hydro- logical model (Continuum) that is currently exploited for civil protection applications in Italy. The analysis was car- ried out in a representative Mediterranean catchment prone to flash floods, located in north-western Italy, during the time period October 2014–February 2015. It provided some important findings: (i) revealing the potential provided by S1- based SM–DA for improving discharge predictions, espe- cially for higher flows; (ii) suggesting a more appropriate pre-processing technique to be applied to S1 data before the assimilation; and (iii) highlighting that even though high spa- tial resolution does provide an important contribution in a SM–DA system, the temporal resolution has the most crucial role. S1-derived SM maps are still a relatively new product and, to our knowledge, this is the first work published in an international journal dealing with their assimilation within a hydrological model to improve continuous streamflow simulations and flash flood predictions. Even though the reported results were obtained by analysing a relatively short time pe- riod, and thus should be supported by further research activ- ities, we believe this research is timely in order to enhance our understanding of the potential contribution of the S1 data within the SM–DA framework for flash flood risk mitigation.
I documenti in IRIS sono protetti da copyright e tutti i diritti sono riservati, salvo diversa indicazione.Introduction
You have heard me say it before that Palm Sunday is my favorite Sunday of the year. The reason why I love Palm Sunday is because it testifies of God’s grace for each and every one of us. When I think of Jesus entering Jerusalem, I think of John 3:16 – God loved the world and gave His only begotten Son for us. There was a price paid for us and today I ask the question: Do you realize there is a debt we owe?
When you are in debt to someone, a bank, or a business, the idea is that you pay back what you owe. When you don’t pay back what you owe, it can hurt you, and you can find yourself in a world of trouble.
Note: You can watch this sermon! Scroll to the bottom of the sermon text.
Do You Owe a Debt
When we read John 3:16, I want you to realize that we are getting a very clear picture of God’s grace – His unmerited love – towards all of mankind. “For God so loved the world,” is what Jesus says in that scripture so let’s be clear – God’s grace is towards all.
16 For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.FIRST KEY VERSE – JOHN 3:16 NKJV
When I quote or read this scripture, I often find myself wondering how could we be so fortunate? I often wonder, what have I done for God to have loved me before I exited my mom’s womb and came to be who I am today? What is it that He saw in me? After all, like everybody else, I turned out to be a sinner, yet God still loved me ahead of time and chose salvation instead of destruction!
Have you ever thought about that? The fact that God loved you before you ever took your first thoughts or your first steps in life? I don’t know about you, but it fills me with great joy that God loved me and gave His only begotten Son for me! Because He loved me, I’m not burdened by anything – especially sins (Matt. 11:28-30). Because God loved me, I am justified of my sins through the shed blood of His only begotten Son (Eph. 1:7). What all of this means is that I don’t have to face the Lord’s wrath because of His love, His only begotten Son, and that because I have genuine faith in what He did for me!
The Debt We Owe
That said, as much as I love Palm Sunday, I must admit that this Palm Sunday comes with a bit of bitterness and sadness for me. No, I’m not bitter or sad about anything personally going on with me in my life. No, my sadness comes from the continued anguish and suffering that takes place in our society all because of anger and hatred.
My heart hurts for the family and friends of the victims of the mass murder that happened here in Georgia a couple weeks ao and the mass murder that happened in Boulder, Colorado. Senseless violence of that kind never seems to go away… unless there is a lock down because of a pandemic. The ridiculous hatred that continues in our society seems to be in a rage and never ending!
We, mankind, were created in the image and likeness of the Lord (Gen. 1:26). Man was meant to dwell with the Lord eternally in righteousness! Yet, we fell to sin in the garden. God’s desire for mankind seemed lost but God planned to give His only begotten Son so that we again can have such an opportunity to dwell with God eternally. In my opinion it just doesn’t seem like we understand the magnitude of how great a debt we owe the Lord because of His grace towards us.
We are debtors
The apostles understood well the magnitude of God’s grace and they did not take it for granted. They spread out sharing the good news; letting others know about the wonderful salvation promised by the Lord. Paul was a man who understood very well the magnitude of God’s saving grace towards him.
As I preached about a month ago, Paul was a man who was headed down a dark path full of his convictions. His convictions were leading him down a path where he would have ended up being cast away from God’s presence for all of eternity. Yet, on the road to Damascus, the Lord revealed Himself to Paul and saved him (Acts 9:1-9). Paul taught, “we are debtors,” he says in my key verse for today. He pointedly says that we are debtors not to the flesh, not to live according to the flesh.”
12 Therefore, brethren, we are debtors—not to the flesh, to live according to the flesh.SECOND KEY VERSE – Romans 8:12 NKJV
To the Romans, he wrote that he was debtor both to Greeks and barbarians (that is everybody not Greek or practicing Greek customs) (Rom. 1:14). What would make Paul say these things? Was he saying that we are in debt to each other? What could the Greeks and barbarians have done for Paul to make him say that he owed him anything? What have you done for me, for me to ever say that I am in your debt?
In debt to God
A couple of times in his writings, Paul spoke about a debt we owed, but I want you to notice that it was not a debt we necessarily owed to man. In his first letter to the Corinthians, Paul wrote, “you were bought at a price; therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit, which are God’s (1 Cor. 6:20).” In that same letter, he said to the Corinthians, “You were bought at a price; do not become slaves of men (1 Cor. 7:23).”
I want you to understand that Paul was a man that understood very well that his life came at a price. The question is why would he say he was a debtor to the Greeks and barbarians? Who was it that paid a price for Paul’s life? The Greeks? The barbarians? Pay attention to what I say next.
To the Greek elders, it is recorded in the book of Acts that Paul told them to take heed to themselves and to all of their flock and that God purchased their flocks with “His own blood (Acts 20:28).” You see, God gave up His only begotten Son, out of love for mankind, to shed His blood for our sins! As we have seen in our recent Sunday School lessons and bible studies, Jesus is the propitiation of our sins (1 John 2:2)!
Think about this: If someone saved you from a great tragedy, would you not feel indebted to them? Would you not feel like you owed them? The Lord saved us from a very great tragedy – the tragedy of being cast away from Him for all of eternity. God saved us from having to live with the guilt of our sins for all of eternity. He saved us from great suffering that we would not be able to lean on Him with or cast on to Him. Do you now understand the magnitude of what Jesus did for us when He entered into Jerusalem, suffered, and then died for our sins?
Moved as Paul
You see, Paul was a debtor to the Greeks and barbarians solely based on the magnitude of God’s saving grace! The Greeks and barbarians didn’t save Paul, it was God!
In our hearts (our spirits), we should be moved just as Paul was moved towards those around him. We should consider ourselves debtors to the Lord and to each other. I should be a debtor to every man, woman, boy, and girl regardless of race, wealth, religion, or creed. You should be a debtor to every man, woman, boy, and girl regardless of race, wealth, religion, or creed! We should all be debtors to each other because this is the debt we owe to God!
Someone may ask, why do you feel this way and why did Paul feel that way? I want you to understand the moral philosophy of Jesus Christ, so let’s take a quick look at it here. We know that Jesus commanded that His gospel be ministered to all nations (Matt. 28:19-20); this we have heard and read. Yet, His philosophy in how He lived was that of being servants – debtors – of one another. He said to the disciples in His teaching of this philosophy, “If I then, your Lord and Teacher, have washed your feet, you also ought to wash one another’s feet (John 13:14).”
We are to serve each other, freely and not as slaves, but as a humble debt we owe to God. Jesus said, “a new commandment I give to you, that you love one another; as I have loved you, that you also love one another (John 13:34).” This is how we can pay back the debt we owe to God — love!
We move otherwise it seems
Sadly, on this Palm Sunday, It feels to me that we are not moved in our spirits as Paul was in his. The mass killings in recent weeks seem to echo that point to me. Somebody will say, “well pastor, we haven’t purchased a gun and killed anybody.” Yet, I say to you today, many of us are seemingly becoming more selfish and hate-filled in our ways. Hatred, in my opinion, is consuming mankind and it is running rampant in our society – from politics down to the point to where just last year, many refused to simply wear a mask for their neighbor!
Time and time again, it seems to me, the Lord gives us opportunity after opportunity to love each other but what do we do? Man continues to scheme against his neighbor behind locked doors. Man continues to plan out how he can further suppress and oppress his neighbor instead of finding a way to make things fair and just for all.
Just imagine how Jesus would feel if He was physically here in the world today to witness the hatred we display to each other over our race and beliefs. Let us remember, Jesus sat down with sinners! Jesus didn’t piously go sit in the synagogue every Sabbath with His nose stuck up in the air! Just imagine how Jesus would react if He was physically in the world today to witness how we still segregate ourselves over race and over our subjective truths. Is this how we repay the debt we owe to God for saving us?
Repaying the Debt
Again, Paul said that we are debtors—not to the flesh, not to live according to the flesh.” What do we owe our flesh – our lusts, passions, and selfish ambitions? You see, some of us live our life in such a manner that we feel we owe our life to our lusts, passions, and selfish ambitions. Some of us take it so far as to become a slave to our lusts, passions, and selfish ambitions. Many of us do this and not realize that we have made ourselves a slave to sin when Jesus came to set us free from such bondage!
I tell you today that we owe our lives to the Lord, not to the flesh – not to sin, the world, or the devil! I feel the best way that we can “pay back our debt” to God is by paying forward our love to one another. Yes, I preach about loving each other often because this is the great debt we owe to the Lord. This Palm Sunday, any anger or hatred that may be in your hearts, I pray it is removed. I pray the Lord opens us up to love and that love will enter into the hearts of man! We cannot let hatred consume and defeat us.Opinions mixed on Amendment
Published 6:53 pm Monday, September 8, 2003
By Staff
Voters head to polls on Tuesday
By BILL CRIST
On Tuesday, voters across the state will head to the polls and vote on what could be Alabama's largest tax increase in history. Both sides of the issue have filled the airwaves, E-mail inboxes and mailboxes with messages that have left many people confused.
One thing about the package is clear, though, once people have decided which way they plan to vote, they tend to be passionate about it.
Waldrep, and nearly every published poll has indicated that most Alabamians agree with him, says that simple economics show that the tax increase will be passed along to consumers through higher prices.
However, supporters of the plan point to the need for increased funding for vital services such as education and health care.
Raulerson cited statistics showing how health insurance coverage, particularly among children, has increased over the past 23 years.
Raulerson said that Escambia County's infant mortality rate is the lowest now that it has ever been. She worries that healthcare programs will go unfunded in the coming year.
Gary Palmer, president of the Alabama Policy Institute, says that he would be in favor of higher taxes, but only with greater accountability.
He said that although the package does contain several measures, they do not fix what he feels is the real issue.
Gay Drew of Atmore says she generally believes the facts coming from the pro-package side, but that she is also voting the way her heart tells her.Content
- Republish This Text
- Higher One Hundred % Free Hookup Locations At Present Most Individuals Need To Find No [newline]babies Of Kidnapped Brides Undergo, Too
- Worldwide Relationship Webcastlive Mondays & Wednesdays Eight:30 Pm Etinternational Courting, Foreign Girls, Dating Tips
- ‚bride Kidnapping’ Haunts Rural Kyrgyzstan, Inflicting Younger Women To Flee Their Homeland
- Bride In Kyrgyzstan Stock Pictures And Images
Recent studies estimate as high as a third of ethnic Kyrgyz marriages are the results of bride kidnapping; as much as 12,000 ladies and girls are abducted for compelled marriage yearly. Most of those pressured marriages occur in rural settings the place over 50% of marriages are the result of bride kidnapping. The concern is additional compounded with pressured child marriages where 12% of women in Kyrgyzstan are married before their 18th birthday. By allowing bride kidnapping to occur, girls are decreased to a factor like property, one thing that can be owned and subjugated. It may be worse when domestic violence and abuse happens within the forced marriage and there is no method to escape. This results in some girls committing suicide as a approach to escape the marriage.
- The amendments got here within the wake of a mobilization of grassroots and civil society organizations which picked up momentum in 2012 and coalesced into Campaign one hundred fifty five, a „nationwide marketing campaign to eradicate the apply of bride kidnapping in Kyrgyzstan.”
- However, abductions persist due to lack of reporting and social perceptions of this harmful apply as a ‘tradition’.
- Despite ratifying the Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination Against Women („CEDAW”), practically 12,000 brides are kidnapped annually in Kyrgyzstan.
- King’s case led to the passage of a Washington state legislation regulating the mail-order bride trade, on which the current proposed invoice is based.
Based on this analysis, we consider Kyrgyz girls use migration to flee the potential of being kidnapped themselves.
Since bride kidnapping practices differ dramatically–from a staged elopement to brutal act of violence–it can be difficult to ascertain those that must be eradicated versus consensual and autonomous decisions made between a bride and groom. Kleinbach stated a common abduction state of affairs entails a younger girl – typically an acquaintance or full stranger of the young man – being taken by pressure to the abductor’s house. Once there, the man’s female relations try to calm the girl and persuade her to tie a white marriage ceremony scarf on her head. The traditional white shawl known as a “jooluk” and is an emblem of her submission. Kidnapping victims typically endure home abuse not only from the husband, but also from his family members. Once married, brides can be anticipated to tackle substantial residence or farm-related work and have a household standing similar to a servant. Bride kidnapping in the central Asian nation usually involves a young man and his male pals or family members taking a younger lady by force or deception to the home of his mother and father or a near relative.
Republish This Article
She has not heard of a single criminal case regarding bride kidnapping going to courtroom. As a results of the pressure from the female relatives of the kidnapper, and infrequently strain from her family to merely accept the proposal for the sake of the family’s reputation, most ladies who’re kidnapped eventually consent to marriage. After the girl agrees, it is unlikely that she’s going to report the kidnapping, as that would require her to press charges in opposition to her husband and in-laws, with whom she typically, by this level, lives.
Better One Hundred % Free Hookup Locations Today Most Individuals Wish To Discover No [newline]babies Of Kidnapped Brides Undergo, Too
Because this is literally the holiday of taking in hungry, desperate, people from one other land, feeding them, giving them a secure house, and acknowledging that everyone kyrgyzstan girl for marriage is best off for it. But while even Beknazarova admits that the sport won’t wipe out bride-kidnapping on its own, the sport is already having an impact.
Worldwide Dating Webcastlive Mondays & Wednesdays 8:30 Pm Etinternational Courting, Foreign Women, Relationship Tips
There is one custom, archaic by trendy requirements, that is nonetheless prevalent regardless of having been suppressed through the Soviet era and the trendy Kyrgyzstan’s authorities legislative efforts to prosecute those that partake in it. One factor is for certain, as lengthy as the legal guidelines in Kyrgyzstan stay the identical, so too will the actions of the individuals during which they govern. Until violent kidnappings are punished, and consensual ones are celebrated, the stigma that surrounds the act will stay. They are secret marriages without a banquet, and divorce can be quite simple, as it is sufficient to repeat three times the word “talak” . They perpetrate the night time kidnappings because the ladies’ cries usually are not heard. „We carry out a research and we now have discovered that yearly some 16,000 girls are kidnapped. How can exist something like within the 21st century? We are outraged,” he mentioned.
But most Kyrgyz have since settled in villages and, in accordance with Kleinbach, „if you are in a village, kidnapping would not actually work well.” Few males here take a girl’s pleading significantly because girls enjoying hard-to-get is par-for-the-course through the ritual of bride kidnapping in Kyrgyzstan, the mountainous Central Asian nation that has suffered brutal inter-ethnic clashes since April. Violence in opposition to girls has also been on the rise, in accordance with Talaigul Isakunova, an professional on gender issues who works with the Ministry of Internal Affairs.
‚bride Kidnapping’ Haunts Rural Kyrgyzstan, Inflicting Younger Girls To Flee Their Homeland
Countless girls are snatched every day and sometimes the altercations have led to violence, rape and even fatality. In extreme circumstances, the families use threats and physical hurt, essentially forcing the girl into marriage. Bride kidnapping, or Ala kachuu in Kyrgyz, is the follow of a man abducting the woman he needs to marry, and it’s still frequent apply in Kyrgyzstan to today.
Beyond these measures, experts say addressing the standard cultural attitudes and underlying causes of bride kidnapping requires education and awareness-raising. “NGOs have tried media campaigns, but these aren’t working for various causes. Public awareness must be carried out from the very best levels, from the president’s office, and include authoritative figures like elders and spiritual leaders,” says Batyrbekov.
This is mainly due to large fines that have to be paid out of the family price range, which affects the whole household. According to pre-2017 laws, Kyrgyz police could detain an aggressor for up to 5 days. This was seen as not solely a penalty for his or her offence, but in addition a preventive measure.
These marriages are rarely officially registered, nonetheless, leaving the bride with no rights to property or children. Kyrgyzstan bride doesn’t have a spot on Earth the place she doesn’t wish to step in. Kyrgyzstan girls are raised in huge families the place they are taught the way to create a cozy, warm family ambiance, and so they also consider that a woman’s position is to be a “homemaker”. Local legal guidelines present “nominal guarantees” of sexual equality and the federal government has ratified all major human and gender rights conventions. But often “these laws and conventions are not enforced, and sometimes not even acknowledged as reliable,” Kleinbach mentioned. Kleinbach, who co-founded the ladies’s advocacy group, Kyz Korgon Institute, said the apply has had devastating effects on the country’s ladies in latest years.
In this case, a dedication or symbolic marriage to God is represented with a ring worn on the right-hand ring finger. Other cultures put on the marriage ring on the thumb, though this is not quite common at present. The ring finger is the fourth finger on the hand, and most brides put on their engagement and wedding ceremony bands on that finger of the left hand. In components of Europe, girls put on their marriage ceremony jewelry on the right-hand ring finger instead. In certain cultures, the best hand is used as part of the physical representation of entry into different vows and oaths, which is why these cultures may use the proper hand for his or her wedding ceremony bands.Net pay defines the amount of money a person has earned during a specific pay period. Year-to-date (YTD) net pay is a sum that a person has made during a year to date when net pay is calculated. Net pay show how much a person has at a defined payment time. YTD net pay helps people tracking how much they earned for the year.
Explanation:
A person gets net pay depending on the system of salary provision in an organization. Usually, it is done every week, two weeks, or a month. YTD net pay changes every time a person is paid and is updated by the amount that was earned from the starting date of the calendar or fiscal year, usually from the 1st of January. YTD net pay helps employees and employers to analyze current state and performance data against the target period. It is also useful when determining how much a person wants to save during a year and how far from the aim is the sum. Net pay the remaining amount that is shown on a pay stub after all necessary deductions and contributions are made. It is also named as “take-home pay” because it is what a person receives as a final payment.
Take-home pay should not be confused with gross salary because net pay is calculated based on gross pay that presents a payment with deductions and withholding. Required payments, such as taxes, voluntary deductions, insurance fees, are extracted from the gross pay, and the amount left constitutes net pay on a paycheck. YTD net pay presents net pay sum calculated from the starting date of the year in the organization. Thus, net pay is a part of year-to-date net pay computed to date from the beginning of the year.Food is the essence of life, many people eat to stay alive but most people stay alive only to eat. Eating out has become almost an entertainment for us
people. Going out to new places and dining out on a weekly basis is something the whole family looks forward to. For people who are foodies and love to eat good quality food, finding out new places is the number 1 goal. Anyone who loves food will confirm that they love desserts as well. Eating sweet desserts is the guilty pleasure enjoyed by many. People love to indulge in decadent desserts such as cakes and cupcakes once in a while. Apart from individual consumption, there are many vendors who provide wholesale cakes to their clients as well.
Wholesale cakes are sold to small operating cafes and bakeries on a daily basis. Such small café s and bakeries usually specialize in delicatessen sandwiches and salads but they have a separate dessert counter as well that showcase all the desserts such as cakes, cupcakes, tarts and pastries. Buying wholesale cakes is the best option for small cafes as the cakes they buy are good quality and cheap in price. There are commercial factories and industrial large scale dessert kitchens that only specialize in preparing wholesale cakes and selling them forward to their respective clients. The potential clients that may be interested in buying wholesale cakes are given below.
- Small bakeries
You must have observed small bakeries and cafes on malls and roadsides. Often small kiosks are to be seen on the popular streets that have desserts such as cakes and cupcakes. These small bakeries cannot afford to have a commercial baking kitchen and baking staff so what they do is buy wholesale cakes from vendors and sell them at their bakeries on as much as the profit they like.
- Hotels and restaurants
There are many hotels and restaurants that have a dessert shop on their premises. These dessert shops mostly outsource their pastry items from wholesale cake makers. They get their fresh batch of cakes and other sweets daily at very reasonable prices. The prices of these wholesale bakery items are not much because they are prepared in a commercial kitchen with industrial equipment which results in lower cost prices. Check this link to find out more details.
- Caterers
Caterers who provide food for events and parties usually buy their dessert menu items in wholesale from a commercial kitchen. They buy a variety of generic wholesale cakes in Sydney and then customize them according to their preference. Caterers are also the main buyers of these wholesale cakes and dessert menu items. They cannot afford to hire a separate pastry chef and his team for every event so they resort to outsourcing their confectionary as well.Operation Jihad - DEA (Part 3). In October ‘09, Larry introduced me to several of his former colleagues at the Association of Former Federal Narcotics Agents (AFFNA) annual conference held at Hilton Head’s Westin Resort. In this final installment of a three-part series taken from my interviews with those outstanding people, former Special Agents Richie Fiano and John Costanzo give us a glimpse into the intriguing, dangerous, and sometimes perversely amusing adventures of an undercover DEA agent. Many thanks to Richie, John, Larry, Bob Nieves, Jack Lawn, and Chuck Gutensohn for their contributions.
**********
It was dangerous. It was politically sensitive. It was bold. And it set the stage for DEA operations that continue today and have since evolved into parallel missions with the U.S. Military and Intelligence services.
In 1986 DEA Special Agent Richie Fiano headed to Pakistan to assume the number two position at DEA’s Islamabad office. The mission: cripple the heroin trade originating in that country and neighboring Afghanistan. “A lot of the opium was being grown in Pakistan, but the processing labs were all in Afghanistan, particularly in Kandahar and Helmand,” said Fiano, “areas that now are all Taliban infiltrated.
“They usually would be out there (in the labs) for 30 days at a time, and they’d process whatever heroin they had. Then they’d pick everything up and drive it out – usually south – and bring it across into Turkey by way of the tri-border area of Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Iran for distribution throughout the Europe and the U.S.”
Around 1987-88 the chief of the Islamabad office, Chuck Carter, decided that DEA would go after those heroin labs. There was one major problem, though. The Soviet Union’s invasion of Afghanistan was going on at the time. If caught, an American agent would most likely be tried for espionage. Certainly an unpleasant prospect for the agent, not to mention the effect it would have on the era’s tenuous U.S. – Soviet relations. DEA would go in anyway, and the initiative became known as Operation Jihad.
“Chuck went to the Administrator, Jack Lawn, and they devised a plan to use local mujahideen as informants, and go into Afghanistan to hit those heroin labs,” said Fiano. “We’d send the informant in with his network and we’d give him a GPS. They’d get the coordinates for heroin lab locations and bring them back to the U.S. embassy in Islamabad. We’d have the intelligence community verify by satellite that something was actually there, then we’d go in.”
Using Quetta, Pakistan as a staging area, Fiano, Carter, and 60 Afghan mujahideen would cross the border in the dead of night and spend two or three weeks at a time attacking the targets. “We’d go out with AK-47s dressed as mujahideen,” said Fiano. “I looked like an Arab and Carter looked kind of like a Russian. So we fit in pretty well. They just said, ‘let us do the talking,’ if we ever got stopped by border police or anything like that.”
In those days, there were no cell phones. There was no way to track the agents’ locations. Only DEA headquarters, the embassy (Islamabad) intelligence staff, and the ambassador knew that Fiano and Carter were out there. Except for the informant, not even their mujahideen cohorts knew they were U.S. federal agents. “If we ran into trouble, we had no tracking devices, no medevac. We were on our own,” said Fiano. “We went in with all the provisions that we needed…and one live goat.” The goat, as you might have guessed, was for food. The meat would go rancid in the hot sun, but there aren’t many choices in the Afghan desert. “You’d get pretty sick, but we ate it anyway.”
On this operation, Fiano and Carter were not out to make arrests or confiscate drug shipments as they might in U.S. based cases. The job here was to knock out the means of production. “When we hit a heroin lab, we’d go in there and seize the lab, make the operators sign a decree stating that heroin production violates the Quran, and warning them that if they got caught again, they would be subject to harsher penalties…even the death penalty,” Fiano said. “We took a kilo sample of heroin and burned the rest. Then we’d put RPG rounds through the lab and any vehicles that were there. In all we took out about 25 labs.”
DEA still runs operations in Afghanistan, but today they are called Foreign Advisory Support Teams (FAST), and they work side-by-side with the U.S. Military. FAST teams of 15 to 18 agents go in with helicopters, sophisticated communications equipment, and a bit more firepower than Fiano and Carter had during Operation Jihad. Their targets are the kingpins who help to finance Taliban and al Qaeda terrorist campaigns with drug money.
The perils of this mission became painfully apparent last October. DEA special agents Chad Michael, Forrest Leamon, and Michael Weston were killed when their chopper went down as they returned from a firefight with Taliban drug traffickers in western Afghanistan. They were part of a joint anti-drug operation between DEA, the U.S. Military and Afghan forces.
The Pizza Connection
Special Agent John Costanzo worked heroin cases from the other end of the pipeline. Going undercover in Europe, the United States, and South America, Costanzo infiltrated organized crime syndicates involved in drug distribution to the U.S. market. In contrast to Richie Fiano’s desert raids, Costanzo’s exploits read less like something out of a Tom Clancy novel and more like a good mob story.
During the late 1970s and 1980s, most of the heroin manufactured in Afghanistan and smuggled through Turkey made its way into either Germany or Italy. “It was at that time that the mafia started to get back into the heroin business,” said Costanzo. “They were sending heroin to the U.S. right from Palermo, Sicily.”
The kingpin in Palermo was one Gaetano “Don Tanino” Badalamenti. Known as the “boss of bosses” of the Sicilian mafia, or the “godfather of heroin,” Badalamenti controlled a $1.65 billion operation that used pizzerias throughout the Northeast and Midwest as fronts to distribute drugs and launder money. Aptly enough, this case was called the Pizza Connection.
“They sent it in by all kinds of shipments,” said Costanzo. “Cars, cruise ships, fly it into JFK in suitcases.” The drugs were also smuggled into the country in shipments of cheese, olive oil, or tomatoes. “We’re not talking thousands of kilos. With just a hundred kilos you can make a lot of money because the price is astronomical.
“All these Sicilian immigrants would open up pizzerias. You’d have a Sicilian guy, doesn’t speak a word of English, and he opens a pizzeria in West Virginia. They’d bring the heroin in, sell it through the pizzerias and send the money back to Palermo.”
American mobsters referred to these Sicilian “entrepreneurs” as “zips.” A member of the Bonanno family was once quoted as saying: “The zips were clannish and secretive…the meanest killers in the business.” Many of them were Badalamenti’s nephews.
At the time Costanzo was stationed in Europe, working mostly on cases involving Turkish and Lebanese traffickers who were bringing in the southwest Asian heroin. His Italian ancestry and language skills made him the perfect fit for undercover work posing as an Italian. “I looked the part,” he said.
Working undercover like this is more than looking the part, speaking the language, and using a fake name, though. You have to create an entire persona – an alter ego – complete with a fabricated personal history, amusing anecdotes that make you sound like you’ve “been there, done that.” You can’t just drop names, you’ve got to know people, or at least have somebody who can vouch for you. An undercover agent actually lives in the world he is trying so hard to destroy. The bad guys have to believe that you’re one of them.
“We ingratiated ourselves with a bunch of Italians in Germany and started developing a relationship with a guy in Munich,” said Costanzo. “We start talking to him. We were creating some bona fides…establishing who you are.”
Once Costanzo and his “crew” had built the necessary credibility, a case started to develop. The subject in Germany wanted to introduce them to some connections in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, just outside of Philadelphia. “Loaded with pizzerias and loaded with Italians,” Costanzo said. “So we go to New Jersey.”
The connection in Cherry Hill turned out to be a fellow by the name of Salvatore Sollena. “He was what they called a young turk,” said Costanzo, which loosely translates to “incorrigible youth.” Sollena was the big talking, fast living, rules-don’t-apply-to-me kind of guy who gave the old-school mafioso types a lot of headaches. He got away with it for a while, though. His uncle was a pretty important guy…Don Tanino Badalamenti.
Costanzo and his fellow agents had just walked through the front door of the Pizza Connection.
“We met Salvatore in Atlantic City. He was always in Atlantic City,” said Costanzo. “We go into the casino and he’s at the baccarat table. He’d spend $50 thousand a pop. He’d been warned by other members of the family to stop that because he was drawing a lot of attention, but he didn’t want to hear it. So he continues on like a wild man.”
Eventually, Costanzo and his associates negotiated a deal with Sollena to buy five kilos of heroin. Of course, they had to spin a story explaining why they came all the way from Italy to New Jersey to buy stuff that was coming from Italy in the first place. “We just told him that we were in the country doing business with some people in Cleveland and it was for them,” said Costanzo. Good enough. They headed home to Milan after making the deal.
Meanwhile, other DEA agents from New York were also en route to Milan with an informant. They had been working a heroin trafficking case of their own, and it was also tied in to the Pizza Connection ring. In an operation with the Italian police, those agents seized a 40-kilo shipment headed for New Jersey. Costanzo’s five-kilo deal with Sollena was part of the shipment. Now, Costanzo had to play it like he was wondering what happened to his delivery.
“We called him up. ‘Salvatore, what’s going on?’”
“It’s very cloudy in the mountains. I can’t see the light,” Sollena replied.
Obviously, he was saying that something had gone wrong, but Sollena wasn’t only upset that a shipment had been lost. He had been told by his superiors in Palermo to expect a 10-kilo delivery. Apparently, they did not trust him to handle the full 40 kilos. Solleno saw it as an insult – a slap in the face – and his ego got the better of him. “He finds out it was 40, when he thought it was 10, and he starts mouthing off,” said Costanzo. He got brave. I am who I am because of my uncle and all that stuff.”
The family had had enough and decided to shut Sollena’s mouth for him.
“They decided that they had to silence him because he was being such a pain in the ass with the gambling and incidents like this one. You know…it’s bad for business,” Costanzo explained. “So what do they do? They take him down the Garden State Parkway, put two in his head, then put him in a garbage bag and dump him by the side of the road. Three days later, they get his brother, put two in his head, take him down the Parkway in a garbage bag and dump him about half a mile from his brother.”
In 1987, after a 17-month trial, Badalamenti and some two-dozen co-conspirators were convicted under RICO conspiracy laws. Of course, Badalamenti denied any involvement until the end. “Drugs are bad for business. The money was never worth the risk. Only greedy pigs touched drugs. Not men of honor,” he was quoted as saying. He got 45 years anyway, and died in prison in 2004 at the age of 80.
Costanzo, who testified three times in the case, is pleased with the outcome. “We got 40 kilos. He ended up in a garbage bag. The rest went to jail.”
commenting closed for this articleChristian Speaker
Eureka Springs Arkansas 72631
Proclaiming the Word of God with Joy!
I was was born and raised in Western Pennsylvania and lived many different places in the United States as a Marine Corps wife.
I was a stay-at-home Mom of 3 girls until circumstances required me to work. When I left the workforce I held the position of Director of Sales and Marketing for an International Transportation Insurance Company. In addition to these responsibilities I also trained the staff of transportation companies to sell our product.
I returned to domestic life when my son finished first grade. We home-schooled from third to seventh grade. When he returned to the classroom I worked part-time as a substitute teacher. When he was a senior in high school I returned to school to finish my Bachelor of Science degree.
Since 2005 I have completed 3 post-graduate degrees (MA Counseling; MA Bible Exposition; ThM Systematic Theology) and was Ordained through Evangelical Church Alliance in Feb. 2017.
My first book, Why Mary? From A Mother's Heart, A Fresh Perspective, should be available on Amazon (hardcover, paperback & Kindle), at Barnes & Noble, and in local bookstores the end of August 2017.
My husband, Bill, and I live in Dana Point, CA with our two Toy Fox Terriers. When not speaking or teaching I enjoy entertaining, traveling, visiting our children and grandchildren, and finding recipes for the fruit and vegetables we grow in our garden.
One of my favorite things is connecting with women of all walks of life. I look forward to meeting you and your group and sharing the light and love of Christ with you!
Do you have a specific topic or biblical passage you want featured? I will taylor a talk or retreat to fit your group's specific needs with wisdom and humor!...
Posted by Sharon Lawlor on 07/19/2017
Combining gardening experience with theology, this talk teaches how we prepare the "soil" of our hearts to receive the gift of the seeds of joy and how we can open our hearts...
Posted by Sharon Lawlor on 04/25/2017
A little girl, face deformed by cancer, falls in love with the ugliest doll as we learn that through the eyes of love, even the ugliest can be beautiful. This visual presentation...
Posted by Sharon Lawlor on 07/15/2016
Sharon's personal testamony of how the broken pieces of your life can become a masterpiece when you give them to God. This powerful presentation, filled with colorful illustrations...
Posted by Sharon Lawlor on 01/05/2016Make your outdoor entertaining area look sensational with a fully equipped outdoor kitchen. You will be able to cook for the masses and keep the mess out of the house, all while enjoying delightful warm weather. For when the weather isn’t as warm we also have some great outdoor heating solutions too. Talk to your local Gas Works to find a design that will work for your space.
Gas Works stock a wide range of freestanding BBQs, starting with the more portable Weber Q and Beefeater Bugg through to large trolley barbecues to cook up a storm and impress all your friends and family. Gas Works stock a variety of trolley BBQs from those with hoods and cupboards, to flat plate barbecues. We have sleek and modern designs or more classic and contemporary designs to choose from.Ishaan Khatter and Janhvi Kapoor are all set to make their big Bollywood debut with Karan Johar’s much-awaited film Dhadak. The newbies are currently on a promotional spree for their flick and are leaving no stone unturned to reach out to the masses and interact with them while promotions.
The official Youtube handle of Dharma Productions recently released a video of one of the interviews where the star cast and the film’s director Shashank Khaitan talk about the actor's dreamy jump from the film's track 'Pehli Baar'.
Ishaan had to jump into a puddle in the song Pehli Baar. The scene is filled with romance and masses will witness an amazing chemistry between them. However, you will be surprised to know that while shooting, there were snakes in the water that Ishaan had to jump in! Yes, you heard it right! The jump was literally a 'Jump of Faith' and the depth of the puddle was around 80 feet. No, we are not kidding!
Ishaan and Shashank are seen describing their overall experience while shooting this particular scene and how difficult it was. The behind-the-scenes is also shown in the video where both Ishaan and Janhvi along with the rest of the cast and crew are having fun while filming this scene.
Dhadak’s third song 'Pehli Baar' is out now and it is all about the innocence, magic, and charm of first love.
The song is sung by Ajay Gogavale, the beautiful track is composed by Ajay-Atul and has been penned by Amitabh Bhattacharya.
Dhadak has been directed by Shashank Khaitan, and is the Hindi remake of Marathi blockbuster Sairat which also starred newbies of Marathi film industry Rinku Rajguru and Akash Thosar.
Sairat was helmed by Nagraj Manjule and it went on to become the biggest hit in the history of Marathi cinema by garnering over Rs 100 crores at the Box Office.
Well, let’s wait and watch what kind of magic will Ishaan and Janhvi’s film weave once it hits the screens? Are you excited? Dhadak will release on 20th JKels | Hoodie Dress
This long sleeve dress will be your most grabbed item in your closet!
You will feel amazing in this pink dress! This hoodie dress is perfect for Fall and Winter!
Legging dresses are a must when the temps start to cool down and you will love this dress with leggings! This is a comfortable dress that is also amazing quality! Feel stylish, while staying warm on those cool days!
- Long sleeve dress
- Hoodie Dress
- Hot Pink
- 63% polyester, 34% Rayon, 3% spandex
- Goes great with a pair of our buttery soft leggings!
- .CRaNiULS (Multi Vitamin & Mineral), 520 mg 150 capsules
- Improved formula with 5-MTHF Folate
- Multivitamin and multimineral complex
- Formula for daily functioning and optimal health*
The CRaNiULS formula is based on the Council for Responsible Nutrition’s (CRN) Upper Level of Supplementation (ULS), which is derived from current scientific research to determine the maximum human consumption of nutrients without adverse effects. The Council for Responsible Nutrition believes that optimal health levels lie closer to their established Upper Levels of Supplementation rather than the Daily Recommended Intakes (DRIs) set forth by the United States Food and Drug Administration. One CRaNiULS capsule provides 50% of CRN’s Upper Levels of Supplementation of the nutrients listed. For this reason you can be sure that you are not going to “overdose” on our multivitamin, CRaNiULS.
The CRaNiULS formula supports an array of physiological processes needed for daily functioning and optimal health. Vitamins A and D3 support bone strength and development, while Vitamin E provides antioxidant powers and supports the immune system.
CRaNiULS contains seven trace elements: Boron, Chromium, Iodine, Manganese, Molybdenum, Selenium and Zinc. Trace elements are needed in very small quantities, but their presence in the body is essential to carry out life sustaining tasks, including cellular integrity, nervous system functioning, hormone production and regulation, skeletal support, metabolism, and so much more.
The Vitamin B complex is comprised of the eight B vitamins that play an essential role in cell metabolism, immunity, and nervous system functions. The presence of B vitamins also promotes proper digestion and helps to ensure that carbohydrates are converted to energy.*
Vitamin A maintains healthy skin and keeps mucous membranes moist and functioning.*
Vitamin B1 is a water-soluble vitamin needed to process carbohydrates, fat, and protein.*
Vitamin B2 is needed to process amino acids and fats.*
Vitamin B3 is required for the proper function of more than 50 enzymes.*
Vitamin B5 helps produce antibodies, hormones and red blood cells.*
Vitamin B6 is the master vitamin for processing amino acids.*
Vitamin B9 helps protect chromosomes against genetic damage.*
Vitamin B12 is needed for normal nerve cell activity, DNA replication and production of the mood-affecting substance SAMe.*
Vitamin C is a potent antioxidant that supports cardiovascular health, brain function and tissue formation.*
Vitamin D3 is important for regulating body levels of calcium and phosphorus, and in mineralization of bone.*
Vitamin E is a powerful antioxidant that maintains cardiovascular health and immune function.*
Biotin is essential for the metabolism of carbohydrates, proteins and fats.*
Boron helps prevent loss of calcium, magnesium and phosphorus through the urine.*
Chromium is important in the regulation of blood sugar, which is necessary for proper metabolism.*
Iodine helps with the synthesis of thyroid hormones.*
Manganese plays a role in energy production, and in normal bone formation and development.*
Molybdenum is an essential trace mineral for human nutrition.*
Selenium is a trace mineral that is necessary for normal growth.*
Zinc helps repair wounds, maintains fertility in adults and growth in children, and protects against free radicals.*
Dr. Hulda Clark believed that optimal health levels lie closer to the ULS than the RDI. The following were not included in CRaNiULS due to size limitations, but some of the ones left out you may already get in everyday food:
750 mg Calcium (persons over 50 may wish to take less)
750 mg Niacinamide
500 mg Pantothenic Acid
750 IU Vitamin E (heart patients consult doctor)
5 mg Vitamin K (unless taking blood thinners, including aspirin)
200 mg Magnesium
750 mg Potassium (not more than 500 mg at a time)
750 mg Phosphorous
4 mg Copper
Iron based on your individual needs
You may have figured out why we call our Multi Vitamin CRaNiULS. CR stands for Council for Responsible, N stands for Nutrition and ULS stands for Upper Level of Supplementation.
ULS is described in Vitamin and Mineral Saftey, 2nd Edition (2004), which can be viewed on their website
Ingredients
Vitamin A, vitamin B1 (thiamin), vitamin B2 (riboflavin), vitamin B3 (niacin), vitamin B5 (pantothenic acid), vitamin B6 (pyridoxine), folate (L-5-methyltetrahydrofolate), vitamin B12 (methylcobalamin), vitamin C (ascorbic acid), vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol),
vitamin E (delta and gamma tocotrienols), biotin, boron (boron aspartate),chromium (chromium picolinate), iodine (potassium iodide), manganese (manganese gluconate), molybdenum (molybdenum citrate), selenium (sodium selenite), zinc (zinc oxide), gelatin (bovine) capsule
Suggested Use
Adults and children 12 or over, take 1 capsule daily or as directed by a healthcare professional.
Note: No % Daily Value for Vitamin E because Daily Value is measured using tocopherol Vitamin E. CRaNiULS features tocotrienol Vitamin E.: Why does this product leave out important nutrients like calcium, magnesium, potassium and vitamin K?. For this reason, you may need to fill nutritional gaps with other supplements or a balanced diet.
..
Can you cook eggs on an electric skillet?
Preheat electric skillet to 300ºF. Toast the bread, cut them diagonally and reserve. Grease the electric skillet with a bit of oil and add the sausages, bacon, mushrooms and tomatoes. … Lastly, crack the eggs into the skillet and cook, covered, for 5 minutes – or until desired doneness.
What temperature do I cook eggs on an electric skillet? do you fry an egg in an electric skillet?..
What temperature do you cook bacon on an electric skillet?.
What temperature do you cook chicken in an electric skillet?
Heat to medium-high (375°F). Fry the chicken. Fry the chicken for about 10 minutes per side, depending on the size of the pieces. Fry in 2 or more batches so that you do not crowd the pan, causing the oil to cool.
How do you cook eggs in a skillet?
In a small nonstick over medium heat, melt butter (or heat oil). Crack egg into pan. Cook 3 minutes, or until white is set. Flip and cook 2 to 3 minutes more, until yolk is completely set.
How do you make scrambled eggs taste better?!
Can you use aluminum foil in an electric skillet?
You can use an electric frying pan to bake foods such as cakes, biscuits, cornbread and potatoes–all without turning on your oven. You’ll have to make a few adjustments, such as lining the frying pan with aluminum foil….Sandra Kaye \u2018Sandy\u2019 Smith was born on 22 September 1980, in Chicago, Illinois, USA and is best known as a broadcaster, a co-host of \u201cOutnumbered\u201d and \u201cAmerica\u2019s Newsroom\u201d on the Fox News Channel.\r\n\r\nSo just how rich is Sandra Smith as of early 2018? According to authoritative sources, this hostess and news reporter has net worth of over $2 million, and her current salary is reportedly over $300,000.\r\n\r\n[divider]\r\nSandra Smith Net Worth $2 Million\r\n[divider]\r\n\r\nSmith attended Wheaton Warrenville South High School and matriculated in 1998; during her time there, she was earned three letters in cross country and two letters in track at Wheaton Warrenville South where she was the cross country team captain as a senior. As a successful student, she was a qualifier of Illinois High School and achieved All Du-Page Valley Conference honors, as well as an Academic All-Conference selection. Having matriculated, Sandra enrolled into Illinois State University, but transferred to Louisiana State University, located in Baton Rouge in 2002. During her time there, she was active in sports, particularly track and field, running the mile during indoor season, and middle-distance including the steeplechase during the outdoor season, with her top time in mile being 5:33:34.\r\n\r\nShe began her career as a research associate at Aegis Capital Group, where she worked on research and analysis of retail stocks, in addition to other duties. Smith made her television debut as an anchor working on \u2018\u2018Fox Business\u2019\u2019 in 2009, and during the same year, Smith began working on an important project, as she joined \u2018\u2018Hannity\u2019\u2019, on which she was a panelist alongside Sean Hannity; the news talk show received a poor response, but overall had average ratings. In 2011 she had yet another prominent job, serving as a guest panelist in several episodes of \u2018\u2018Red Eye w\/Tom Shillue\u2019\u2019, and had a chance to collaborate with people such as Andrew Levy, Greg Gutfeld and Joanne Nosuchinsky in the satirical series which received a generally positive response from both critics and the audience. Her net worth was now well established.\r\n\r\nIn the following year, Sandra joined the cast of \u2018\u2018Your World w\/ Neil Cavuto\u2019\u2019, a news series which has been broadcast since 1996, in which overall Sandra has appeared in 14 episodes. During the same year, the audience was able to see her in 20 episodes of \u2018\u2018Cavuto on Business\u2019\u2019. In 2013, she was a panelist in three episodes of \u2018\u2018Cashin\u2019 In\u2019\u2019, and in the next year joined the cast of \u2018\u2018Varney & Company\u2019\u2019. In 2014, she became a co-host of \u2018\u2018Mornings with Maria Bartiromo\u2019\u2019, a business analysis television series, and went on to appear in its 205 episodes over the course of the next three years. Most recently, in 2017 Smith began working on \u2018\u2018America\u2019s Newsroom\u2019\u2019 alongside Bill Hemmer and Martha MacCallum. So her net worth is certainly still growing.\r\n\r\nWhen it comes to her private life, Smith has been married to John Connelly since 2010 and the couple has two children together. She is active on social media such as Facebook, on which she has 31,000 \u2018likes\u2019.\r\n\r\nRoses
Don’t be intimidated; today’s roses are easier to grow than you think. We will be happy to help you have healthy beautiful blooming roses.
“The rose is a flower of love. The world has acclaimed it for centuries. Pink roses are for love hopeful and expectant. White roses are for love dead or forsaken, but the red roses, ah the red roses are for love triumphant.”
Roses are the flowers of poetry, fragrant and lovely amidst the thorns that guard them. You can grow roses, too. There are many newer kinds that are easy-to-care-for. Or you can pick some of the kinds that need pampering but reward you with exquisite blossoms that are well worth the effort. We are here to help; Katrina Pendrey is our rose expert who can answer the questions you have so that you can be successful with these intriguing plants.
“We can complain because rose bushes have thorns, or rejoice because thorn bushes have roses.”
- Abraham Lincoln
We have a great selection of Knock Out Roses, Hybrid Teas and Grandifloras, Floribundas, Shrubs, Minis and Climbers. We have the latest and best kinds for your satisfaction and enjoyment. All our roses are guaranteed for 90 days, enough time to see that they take firm hold in your garden.
Did you know?
One of the easiest roses to grow are the Knock Out series because they are disease-resistant, vigorous and heavy blooming.What is the best way to get started with my landscaping?.Cas Russell (Russell's Attic) Series
by S. L. Huang
Reviewed by Galen Strickland
Posted August 26, 2018
Edits & Addenda on June 2, 2019 and September 19, 2021
1. Zero Sum Game / 2. Null Set / 3. Critical Point
Buy from Bookshop or Amazon. A purchase through our links may earn us a commission.
I received a free e-book of this title from Net Galley in exchange for an honest review. Zero Sum Game will be published in hardcover and all e-book formats on Oct. 2, 2018. It's not a new book though, but it has been edited from the original self-published title from 2014. Tor Books has acquired the rights to it and its sequels. You can still find used copies of the first version, but usually at a steep price. I haven't found any of the sequels so they may have only been offered digitally, or else Tor has been effective in recalling all copies so as not to harm sales for the forthcoming releases. I definitely want to continue with this series in the future, but at this time I'm not sure if the titles of later books might change from the originals. You can get more info on the author's website. [EDIT: Now the author confirms different titles and continuity.]
The collective name for the series used to be Russell's Attic (a mathematical term), now simply Cas Russell, the first person narrator of the story. The author has a degree in mathematics, from MIT no less, and their heroine utilizes math in her work, but in a very unique way. Cas is a free-lance 'retrieval' specialist, hiring out for the rescue of kidnap victims, locating stolen property, etc. She is very good at what she does, and can be deadly if the situation warrants extreme action. She uses math to calculate deflection angles, velocity of bullets, kicked or thrown objects, as well as how their path can be altered after the fact. She can figure paths of attack or retreat from wind speed, material mass and density, the fracture gradient of glass, etc. Acute hearing enables her to pinpoint the direction from which a gunshot was fired, keen eyesight and triangulation for the origin of a laser target, even when the shooter or weapon is not visible. All of this in fractions of a second, and since only one(?) person knows her secret, much of what she does must seem like magic to those who face her. There are hints that at least some of her talent was not inherent in her DNA, but may have been manipulated by others, but I wouldn't doubt my suspicions as to whom are mistaken.
Cas is hired by Dawna Polk to rescue her sister, Courtney, who has gotten involved with drug runners. An associate of Cas's, whom she frequently has to say is not her friend but she trusts him, supposedly referred Dawna to her. When she finds the sister she is surprised to find that associate, Rio, embedded with the gang for one of his own investigations. She is confused as to why he couldn't have saved Courtney himself, but later learns he was there for other reasons, had never heard of Dawna and didn't know Courtney by name. So who referred Dawna to her if not Rio? She does get the girl away from the gang, but finds someone else is on her trail, whom she suspects is a cop. Turns out he's a former cop, now a PI. Arthur Tresting is working the case from a completely different angle. He's after whomever killed his client's husband, a journalist looking into a mysterious organization called Pithica, and his primary suspect had been Courtney. Cas and Arthur have several confrontations that almost end in violence, but they eventually begin to work together. Then something else happens that causes him to back away from her, thinking she's too dangerous and unpredictable. Which she is. He's forced to change his mind when she continually saves his life. Pithica is not the only unknown factor either, since another group seems to be after them too, people who claim to be government agents but clearly aren't. Neither Pithica nor the secret not-government group, Halberd, appear to care about collateral damage. Cas, Rio, Tresting, and his colleague, super-hacker Checker, are determined to get to the bottom of the mystery. Checker is the only one I'd identify as a 'good' person, all the rest, including Cas, have done and are doing bad things, even if for the right reasons. One of them, and I won't identify which, reminded me of a line spoken by Malcolm Reynolds in a Firefly episode: "Nothing worse than a monster who thinks he's right with God."
I've searched for more info on the author, because based on their bibliography page at FantasticFiction they may be as intriguing a person as any of their characters. It mentions the math degree, and also that they are a weapons expert and have worked as a professional stuntperson, but they have no listing at IMDb, at least under this name. I've scoured the credits of shows mentioned on their bio page. Perhaps they use a pseudonym for that work, or it could be their author name is the pseudonym. The book reads like an intense espionage thriller that would be dynamite on the screen, movie or TV, so I wonder if they have also worked on a screenplay of this material. It has always been easy for me to visualize from words on the page, and that enhanced my enjoyment. The action is intense and fast-paced, the characters intriguing. However, some of that is also what limited my overall rating of the book to just 4 stars. At times it felt like I actually was watching a new TV series (and I would definitely watch if that happens). But certain situations were (almost) predictable, with standard tropes, misdirection, plot beats that would conform to TV norms of climactic scenes cueing a commercial break, even more climactic events signalling the dramatic end of an episode, as well as several cliffhangers at the end of the first season. That's only mildly a negative, just an observation, and I did enjoy it a lot, and look forward to more adventures with Cas Russell. Recommended.
Posted June 2, 2019:
Null Set will be published in about five weeks, July 9. I was disappointed when Net Galley declined my request for an ARC, but a week or so after that Edelweiss came to the rescue. The fact I was able to read it for free had no influence on my opinions. The author says this is a rewrite, and a re-titling, of what was originally the fourth book of the series. I enjoyed it, still want to continue with the series, and rate this another 4 stars, although it's on the low side, closer to 3.5. The action is still intense, but there's too much repetition of action and dialog, with an ending that shies away from any resolution.
As has been the case with several other recent books that continue a series, I was thinking I should have re-read the first one, but didn't have the time. I remember all the major story beats, but am fuzzy on where we left off with peripheral characters. It's a few months since the end of the first book, Cas is still working with Arthur Tresting and his hacker friend Checker, and Arthur's secretary is Pilar Velasquez, formerly with Pithica (or was it one of the other covert organizations?). Cas is suffering from hallucinations of her former life, trying to come to terms with the possibility her abilities had been enhanced, altered, or manipulated by others. She not only can't remember her life prior to a few years back, she can't remember when and where she first met Rio, and he's not forthcoming with information either. She found a note, which she recognized as her own handwriting, telling her not to try remembering her past. A mysterious man has also been following her. He identifies himself as Simon, someone from her past, who wants to make sure she doesn't remember. That alone didn't make sense, because his appearance has the opposite reaction. Cas is compelled to unravel her past to find out who, and what, she really is. Is she the result of covert experimentation? If so, by whom, and why was her memory apparently wiped?
Most of the repetition revolves around Simon, who may be a telepath like Dawna Polk, may have worked with her at Pithica, may be among the ones who designed and manipulated Cas. It is possible that Dawna compelled Cas to write that warning note. It had been established that Rio was immune to Dawna's influence, and seems to be immune to Simon, but his intuition says Simon is telling the truth, that he wants to help Cas. But Cas is still reeling from the realization of how Dawna had played her, the last thing she wants is for someone else to mess with her brain. Arthur and Checker are skeptical too, and even though Cas tells Checker not to search for info on Simon, he does so anyway. There are multiple times Cas almost gives in to Simon's pleas, then she backs away, especially when her hallucinations include memories of him. And memories of Rio. Is there anyone she can trust? Can anyone trust her? While all of that drama is going on, the team is also tracking increased criminal activity from multiple gangs, as well as several conspiracy minded milita groups, and it was already known the mob controlled a lot of the police force. Cas believes she has a solution, a way to manipulate other people's psychological profile, based on techniques originally developed by Pithica. She doesn't want anyone else messing with her brain, but is okay with her program altering other people's personalities. Rio thinks it's a good idea for Simon to mess with Cas's memory, but balks at her scheme. I'm not sure either is right, at least not for the reasons they give. Can anyone be trusted with that kind of power?
Cas is what most would categorize an anti-hero. Some might say villain. She thinks she's acting on her own volition, her own moral code, but her motivations are suspect for lots of reasons. In many cases she's no less psychopathic than Rio, who scares the shit out of everyone else, yet she still trusts him. It's possible those she kills were deserving of death, but does she, or any individual, have the right to make that decision? How many times can Arthur overlook her violation of his moral code, just because she continually saves his life? Can Pilar forgive Cas for continuing to defend the man who attacked and injured her? Will Cas finally give in and let Simon do his thing? We'll have to wait for the third book (at least) to find out. Hopefully that mystery won't be strung out any further, with other mysteries opening up after that.
Posted September 19, 2021:
I'm almost a year and a half behind catching up with this series. Critical Point was published in April last year, and right now I can't recall if I requested an ARC and was declined, or if it wasn't offered at all, but I finally purchased it earlier this year. Again, I didn't have time to re-read the previous book, and based on my comments above it seems I thought Cas had not yet allowed Simon to read her mind, and/or implant any thoughts. Yet he is doing both as this book starts. Every time Cas starts to remember her past, Simon talks her down, soothing her anxieties. Simon and Rio both insist she should not try to remember, but how can she make sense of her life now if she doesn't know what happened before?
Cas had not had contact with Arthur or Checker for a while, and even though she isn't officially a PI she has been posing as one, and she has her own office. She is there waiting for someone who called for an apointment, a man who spoke with an Australian accent. A few minutes before the scheduled time, a teenage girl comes into the office demanding Cas help find her father. Cas is both surprised, and angered, to find out Tabitha is Arthur's daughter. Why did he never tell her about his family? She wants to go to Arthur's office, and/or Checker's house, to start the search, but as they are leaving her office they encounter the Australian man, who speaks in incomprehensible gibberish. Before she can make sense of what he is saying, an explosion destroys her office. Cas had made a lot of money from her work, and had been paying rent on several apartments and houses around LA, to be used as safe houses for herself or others, all stocked with food, medical supplies, and extra burner phones, as well as some with money, gun, and ammo caches. She takes the Australian to one of them, and messages Simon to come see what information he can get through telepathy. Only there is something about the man that causes Cas to continually forget him. Is he psychic, sending out forgetfulness vibes? Neither Simon or Rio are affected, and they have to keep reminding Cas about the man whose name they learn is Oscar Lee.
Who is Oscar Lee working for? Did he set the bomb at Cas's office, and if so why was he there at the time it went off? Is he yet another victim of Pithica, Halberd, or an as yet unknown other party dealing with mind and body manipulation? That's sort of a moot point throughout, since the story is a first person account by Cas, and she keeps forgetting about Oscar. Arthur is not answering his phone, Checker says he hasn't heard from him for close to two days, and they find Arthur's office had been bombed too. Not as severe as at Cas's, but enough to destroy office equipment, and probably case files. Cas finds a random business card on the floor, with a handwritten note by Arthur, which leads them to their first suspect, only to find that person dead from yet another bombing. Arthur is finally found, alive but injured, but that is hardly the end of the puzzling case. Cas will have to wait on berating him about not telling her about his family, since his family are still targets. Not only Tabitha, but also her four siblings, all adopted, and Arthur's ex-husband Diego.
Another fast-paced, adrenaline-fueled adventure, full of red herrings and detours, and apparently multiple bits of false information dropped in Cas's path, leading her in circles. She continually discounts that it could be Pithica again, since they had come to an agreement not to interfere with Cas, and she had agreed to stop investigating their activities. Yet everything points to people (and animals) being altered in some way to give them special, in some cases frightening, abilities. The bomb signatures point to an old associate of Checker's, a person Cas had encountered a few times, but I'm afraid I don't recall him from the previous books. I now wish I had the time to re-read the first two books. I need a better memory; maybe Pithica can help me with that. I sometimes can figure out mysteries before the reveal, and while I can't say I understood the motives, I did suspect the person that turned out to be the culprit. I figured something was off about them, since even Cas kept brushing off suspicions about them, which led me to think they had some type of psychic power of persuasion. Even after Tabitha told Cas their suspicions, it took Tabitha's abduction for Cas to realize her mistake. It was Cas's frequent obliviousness that lessened the impact of the story, but that has to be because she keeps second-guessing herself, even fearing herself, or at least the version of her former self she keeps glimpsing in her memories.
As I said before, Cas is an anti-hero at best, but also potentially a villain, based on what her designers original intent had been. But she has a support group to help her through her traumas and mistakes. Not just Arthur and Checker, but in this story particularly it was Pilar, who stepped up to save the day at the end. Pilar had left Arthur's employ, and she may still retain her new job, but she had also taken Arthur's advice for tactical training, which she pursued even after leaving. She is likely to be a good, balancing influence on Cas. And it seems Tabitha might join her in future investigations, no matter how Arthur will fight against that. I don't know if and when there will be another novel, but there are previously written shorter stories, side investigations, which the author says they are revising for future publication. I recommend these novels, and I'm interested in reading more Cas Russell adventures.
We would appreciate your support for this site with your purchases from Amazon, Bookshop, and ReAnimusPress.
Author
S. L. Huang
Published
Original: 2014
New Editions:
Zero - 10/2/18
Null - 7/9/19
Critical - 4/28/20
Purchase Links:
Amazon:
Zero
Null
Critical
Bookshop:
Zero
Null
CriticalCartoon Kid
by Jeremy Strong (author) (UK edition)
This product is not currently available.
To help you find what you're looking for, see similar items below.? Set in a cool school for superheroes, this riotous romp from master comedian Jeremy Strong will be snapped up by his many eager fans.
Product Details
Format
Paperback
ISBN
9780141334769
Publisher
Date published
January
- 160 pages
Condition
NewUK edition
Reviews
This product has not been reviewed yet.
Add a review
What kids think
-
Rumaitha12
on 9 March 2014
This book was really funny.
indigobeam
on 4 March 2012
I love Jeremy Strong, but this one disappointed me. I found the plot bland, and not funny at all. But perhaps, it is just me.
manu7
on 25 November 2011
This book was amazing!!! I love the Jeremy Strong books! I would recommend it to any action lover :)
starberella
on 25 February 2011
Great book, real interesting, 1 of my favs5out of 5
superstoat
on 7 November 2014
I love the comic-book bit!
At the beginning of 2011 the share of sedans was more than a half (52%).
Russian Jeep dealers sold 244 SUVs in August, which is higher by 91% than in the previous year. Thus, sales growth has been recorded for the second month in a row, which FCA Russia, in particular, associates with the effect of deferred demand that arose during the suspension of operations over the previous months and the weakening of the ruble. For eight months of 2020, Jeep sales were 1,094 vehicles (-12%), according to the AEB.
The most popular Jeep model in Russia at the end of August was Jeep Compass compact SUV - 100 of these cars were sold against 14 cars a year before in the previous month. Since the beginning of 2020, one of the most sought-after vehicles in Jeep's lineup has been the full-size Grand Cherokee SUV.About Investors’ Circle
Investors’ Circle is a network of social impact investors.
It has an active Philadelphia chapter.
Generocity Coverage (35 posts)
- Power Moves: Sunday Breakfast Rescue Mission announced its new head
- Place-Based Impact Investing 101: How local dollars can be deployed to benefit local communities
- Social entrepreneurship hasn’t yet reached its full potential
- On the Market: 10 nonprofit jobs to help kids build bikes, fundraise for science and more
- 5 ways impact investors and philanthropists can innovate to solve Philly’s biggest problems
- So, what does ‘social enterprise’ even mean?
More InformationThe URL can be used to link to this page
Your browser does not support the video tag.
IGA; Denver City/County Board of Water Commissioners; South Boulder Diversion Canal; Exp 4/14/2018
AGREEMENT DATE: (To be completed by Denv ater- Recreation) LEASE AND INTERGOVERNMENTAL AGREEMENT FOR RECREATIONAL USE OF A PORTION OF THE SOUTH BOULDER DIVERSION CANAL THIS LEASE AGREEMENT (Agreement), made and entered into by and between the City and County of Denver, Acting by and through its Boazd of Water Commissioners ("the Boazd"), and the City of Boulder, a Colorado home rule city, a corporation existing under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Colorado ("City") WITNESSETH: ARTICLE I PROPERTY DESCRIPTION AND USES 1.1 Lease Property and Patrol Area. The Board grants Board's "Patrol Area," as described in the attachment titled "Exhibit B, Patrol Area." The City's Open Space and Mountain Pazks Rangers may enter the Patrol Area for the purpose of enforcing State and local laws and ordinances as maybe necessazy and at the expense of the City. 1.1.1 Water Rislrts. No water or water rights aze granted or leased by this Agreement. t.1.2 Reservation of Use. The Board OFFICIAL CENTRAL RECORDS COPY 20080215-3719 ~ c- ~ ~ by the City. In this regard, the parties shall prepaze and execute an Operating Plan ("Plan") to define the type of recreational use and enforcement and shall include such rules governing the use. The Plan shall identify any azeas that are to be closed to the public for the protection of life, health and property. The Plan shall specify the maintenance responsibilities of the City. The Plan shall be reviewed biennially Boazd. hi the case of emergency, the Board will verbally notify the City as soon as possible. The Board reserves the right to close the trail and lease area on a temporary basis during large scale construction projects. 1.5 Biennial Review. Designated representatives of the City and the Board shall meet in January every two years beginning in 2010 Ageement. 2.3 Termination for Water Svstem Purposes. The Board may terminate this Agreement at any time if the Board determines that the Lease Property and/or the Patrol Area is necessary or useful in the operation of the Board's water system, or if it sells the Lease Property or 2 ~ S I a ~ Patrol Area. The Boazd Termination. sun•ender terminated at the option of the City upon sixty (60) days notice. 2.9 Flood Damage. The Board shall not be liable for damage to the City's improvements on the Lease Property or Patrol Area from flooding or excess water, even if caused by, contributed to or as a result of any of the Board's reservoirs or canals. 2.10 Damage to Boazd Property Any of the Board's property damaged or destroyed by the City or its agents, employees, concessionaires, lessees or other representatives may be repaired 3 or replaced by the Board at the City's expense or by the City as the parties may agree, subject to City Council appropriation, or, at the option of the Board, and insofaz use of the Lease Property or Patrol Area by the Board or any other cause. 2.12 AssiQmnent by the City. The City agrees not to assign its rights hereunder or let any portion of the Lease Property or Patrol Area without first obtaining the prior written consent of the Board. ARTICLE III Improvements. The City, at its own expense, may place physical improvements upon the Lease Property as may be necessary or desirable for the enhancement of the recreational purposes contemplated herein and in furtherance of the City's responsibilities. The City shall not place or build any permanent temporary keep recreational users out of restricted azeas. 4 aMulti-purpose City's Construction and Installation of Fencing and Siatag_e: The City and the Board shall mutually agree upon the type and location of fencing and signage located within the Lease Property. The City shall be responsible for City, Hazardous Materials. a. The City shall not cause or permit any Hazardous Material to be brought upon, kept or used in or about the premises by the City, its agents, employees, contractors or invitees without the express written permission of the Board, which shall not be unreasonably delayed or withheld. Without limiting the foregoing, if the presence of any Hazardous Material on the premises caused or permitted by the City results in any contamination of the premises, the City shall promptly take all actions, at its sole expense, as are necessary "Hazazdous Material" means any hazazdous or toxic substance,material or waste which is or becomes regulated by any local governmental authority, the State of Colorado or the United States. The term "Hazardous Material" includes, without limitation, any material or substance that is (i) defined as a "hazazdous substance" under appropriate state law provisions; (ii) petroleum; (iii) asbestos; (iv) designated as a "hazardous substance" pursuant to Section 311 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. §1321; (v) defined as a "hazazdous substance" pursuant to Section 101 of the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (42 U.S.C. §9601); or (vi) defined as a `Yegulated substance" pursuant to Subchapter IX, Solid Waste Disposal Act (Regulation of Underground Storage Tanks) (42 U.S.C. §6991). 4.3 Compliance with Laws. The Lease Property and Patrol Area will not be used, nor will the City permit Quality. The water within the Lease Property and Patrol Area is untreated and is not to be used as potable water for domestic purposes. The City understands that the water transported in the canal is raw water. The Board does not guarantee the potability or supply of water from the Lease Property and Patrol Area. 4.6 Disposal of Sewage. No raw or treated sewage, animal manures or any other undesirable products shall be dumped on the Lease Property or Patrol Area by the City or any of its agents, contractors or assigns. 6 • ~ ~ 4.7 Storm Water: The City will not cause, permit or allow any storm water from entering the canal beyond that which currently enters the canal. ARTICLE V INSURANCE/INDEMNIFICATION 5.1 The Boards Indemnification: To the extent authorized by law, the City shall indemnify, save and hold harmless the Board and its officers, employees and agents, against any and all claims, damages, liability and court awards including costs, expenses, and attorney fees incurred as a result of any alleged negligent act or omission by the City undertaken pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, subject to the Board's compliance with the following provisions: 5.1.1 Claim upon the Board: If a claim is made or a lawsuit served upon the Board, the Board must notify the City, City Attorney City: If a claim is made or a lawsuit served upon the City, the City must notify the Board in writing within twenty (20) days after receipt of notice that a claim maybe brought against the City or that a lawsuit has been filed against the City regarding shall indemnify, save and hold harmless the Board, its officers, employees and agents, against any and all claims, damages, liability and court awards (including costs, expenses and attorney's fees) incurred as a result of any alleged negligent act or omission by the third party contractor or its officers, party, a requirement that the third party shall indemnify, save and hold harmless the City, its officers, employees and agents, against any and all claims, damages, liability and court awards (including costs, expenses and attorney's fees) incurred as a result of any alleged negligent act or omission by the third party contractor or its officers, employees, agents, subcontractors, or assignees undertaken pursuant to such contract. In addition, a sepazate policy of worker's compensation and employer's liability insurance shall be carried by the contractor and each subcontractor. 5.4 Additional Provisions: 5.4.1 Judanents: Governmental perfonn work on, or provide services to or for, the Lease Property, that each such entity shall carry commercial general liability insurance with contractual coverage and automobile liability and property damage insurance to include owned, non-owned and hired vehicles, which aze utilized in any way in the use of the Lease Property, each said policy of insurance to have a limit not less than $1,000,000 per occurrence. The required commercial general liability and automobile policies shall provide that for "breach of warranty" (failure to comply with policy provisions) and/or for cross-liability purposes, the coverage provided will be primary coverage. 8 , , . Agreement Emplovee. It is understood and ageed that it is not intended, nor shall it be construed, that the City or its personnel aze employees or officers of the Board for any purpose whatsoever. 6.7 Agreement is an Inte agz tion. This instrument constitutes the whole Ageement between the parties, and no additional or different oral representation, promise or agreement shall be binding on any of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this instrument unless referenced herein or ageed Ageement sea.) shall be in the District Court in and for the County of Boulder. appazently conflicting provisions otherwise contained in this Agreement. 6.11_ Amendments. This Ageement may not be altered, changed or amended except by an instrument in writing signed by both parties. No subsequent novation, renewal, addition, deletion or other amendment shall have any force or effect unless embodied in a written amendatory or other ageement executed by the pazties with the same formality as evidenced herein. 6.12 Governmental Immunity Act. The parties hereto aze relying upon, and have not waived, the monetazy limitations of, and all other rights, immunities and protection provided by the Colorado Govemmental Immunity Act, CR.S § 24-10-101, et seq., as it may be amended from time to time, or any other limitations, rights, immunities and protection otherwise available to them, their officers and their employees. 6.13 Annropriation of Funds. This Ageement is subject to the appropriation of sufficient funds by the parties for future fiscal years. Neither the Board nor the City irrevocably pledges present cash reserves for payment in future fiscal years, nor is this Ageement intended to create a multiple fiscal year direct or indirect debt or financial obligation. 10 • , ~ regard to an individual's race, color, religion, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation, marital status, military status or physical or mental disability. hi exercising any right, use or occupancy permitted under this Agreement, every individual seeking to do so shall be given a full and equal opportunity to participate in any of the recreational activities offered by the City. 6.2 Successors and Assigns. Pazks paragraph. 6.4 Waiver. No waiver of any breach or default of any one or more of the conditions or covenants of this Agreement by either party shall be deemed to imply or constitute a waiver of any succeeding or other breach or default hereunder. 6.5 No Third Partv Benefits Intended. It is expressly understood and agreed that enforcement of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and all rights of action relating to such enforcement, shall be strictly reserved to the City and the Board, and nothing contained in this 9 ~ r- , Proposed Trail Alignments ~ _ Bridge Location ~f ~-t ~ Section 31 T1 S R70W . ''-"~f ~ ~`r• Future Trail Alignments ~r,~''. ' Proposed Fence .,fir • ~L_ `a. t p. a . ~ , g - ~ J. Existin Trail . ~ N i ~ w OS1v1P Lands ~ -I ~w ~ ~ , Denver Nlater Board Property < j° 'i ti•` ~ QPatrol Property a ~ w , ''dt'~.- Lease Property - , ~ :t,, ` EXHIBIT A t ~ ? To Doudy D awr ~ ~ a . " ~ • • r Trail f x p ~ - °.~~tir ~ Tunnel•Outlet " .~~r. : r S ~ i ~ ~ ~ i?f" ~ ~ ti, a f 4 frr~~~~ ~ d?~ ' +V3 R .1 ? ~ ~•3'f iey~t~'H'}f a Z.r ` d f dy'e': , ~ _ ' ~ ~ 4~,}.r}~~. ~ Jk~!rl;-7 da~f~~'~{i1 e a ° " f ~~r, r ?n i ti. `dt ~ ~4~ ~ e i { ' it K3' l~s ~p.'''+~ ~<.~~"i~~.. a. J a~~ , y` }rl a9'*'~ ~qti ~1~.7.' . _ !M yr fy+" ~ J d e~ ,i R~ y N.T ~ ~ ~ir• ,r S e a? R fi t ~t ,~a s Y oC ~ A'S, i; Ja ~ ~'r t ~ '"a++~ e ~,f i i" A ,~d ,r) ~ ! _!f'J ~,r_ , lei' ?~a W ~y~ ~ + -.y#e y. ~1 ~"~,6*,f~, f t 3 'f''~ a i ~ X ~A ! ytu ~ .fix: ~t k ,~1 ~ s , 3 r ~ ~x .4 -a~ 1 ~ ' ,'~~'~.~1:~~0' 'i~ r ~ , >t .J' ~aat ~-a~~~< This section of Trail I ? ~ a ~~!<•y,~.Y .y, a ~tlv~ ~my qx~q +'~ip '~i. 1 a~~~ / • ~ F' : _ Y,~' ~ ~ ~ r. to be no closer than ~ 't ~ • ; ..,~i ' 75' from DWB J*~ >fe, ~ ~ ~ r~ for; ~ ~ ~ a'• I ro ert bounds ~ ~ ' ' ~~j '~„,.i ~ , ; f a ~ ~ ; p p y ry aX ~a~. ~ ts+` 1 ~+>rf` ~~j,i'l'I. .~a'S•~ - ~a..~~'bP ~~'S1f Ty~q, { dc~'t~e,hf4 ?z ~f ~ A y s?: .yyy(( ~~x ;w,~~l~` Approximate Proposed ~ ~ ~r~~ ~ r, „s.a'-" '+~t? ~ p i'~ Brld a (_OCatlOn ~ t~:~r i?'~~ ~~~9'~~'~~`~ ~ f i".3.w'~R 4i~t gi "'1 '$~3 ~ . ~ i g ~ d 3 f £ .a~'.,S f ? . / +!t ~!''.f ^ ' r» ~"~i!'4 d+'M, `r 3('~ y`-~ S 7 ~ ~~2 r r ~i ~kE: ~ ~ + ~ ;i . 4~r14 .,R + y~ a ~,yn.~z,+l~ Mo a~ ~ ~ a f ~s~ Proposed t . rY~ t ~ i~ .>w;l~`'"" ~ Fence ~ a• ~ 9! `~f ti ~ 1`t~ f~»r~~,; 't•~';~• ~ ~ ~ -'ice ~ ~ 1R~+. e~i? t, ~ ''~"?,~'1"B.''auaa~'?fr~ ~wy114»-.fay '~•~v5~'t . } r 1~ 4. ~ l ? ski e ~ w ~ y~~'1..a~' +`k y;'~~,r ? JttJy=~,.~$¢~~~r ~.f.~4 ~ ~,t. f ~ i!!~~1 ~'"z ~T~ ~ e -j,. °~'~{~Tt''sj~.r '~lf~ :J I'1~'~ iyr r'; ~~~,y • s~ ? ~ r ~ ! f f ~ ~ rd'• ~F ~ < ~•a ~ Siphon Entrance ,,i„ ~ , a`; _ ,.,~``e• Existing Bridge ~,°~ws1' + ~ ~ ~ %?s J .'YjIr'Y:3._ _ .t iL.r.'~h~'rir'' - w' K 'S 0 500 1,600 2,000 !y ~ • Feet ~~,y ~ ~'~•~'~r,~»~,`~< r~;, : C.a.....e~-..-wl.-~....o~~..~TCnoi CRnnfllTr~l e~nnmer.MTroIH1 1d~Rririr•o (Y ncanni Rririna (•rnednn llY atinn wia~t haile mYf~ IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto execute this Agreement as of the day and yeaz above written. CITY AND COUNTY OF DENVER Acting by and through its APPROVED: BOARD OF WATER COMMISSIONERS Robert J. one H.J. Barry, Manager k• «•~8 Director of Engine 'ng By: ~ APPROVED AS TO FORM: Brian Good Director of Operations & Maintenance By: ~~i,1w' ~ L~'~,9~u Legal Division CITY OF BOULD//E''R By: GtJ Frank W. Bruno City Manager Date ~ 2/ ,{~,C~L ATTEST: l City Clerk on behalf of the Director of Finance and Record Approved as to form: a w ~ 'f fi. City Attorney 11 _ ~ ~ ~ ~ • . ^ ~ RULES REGARDING THE OPERATING PLAN FOR RECREATIONAL USE AND MANAGEMENT OF A PORTION OF THE SOUTH BOULDER DIVERSION CANAL PURPOSE This Operating Plan for Recreational use and Management of a Portion of the South Boulder Diversion Canal, herein referred pemutted Property" as that term is used herein shall refer to the azea existing along a portion of the South Boulder Diversion Canal as described in Attachment A of the LEASE AND INTERGOVERNMENTAL AGREEMENT FOR RECREATIONAL USE OF A PORTION OF THE SOUTH BOULDER DIVERSION CANAL, except that no land that is within the canal itself, its cross-section or its flow line similaz recreational activities as set forth herein, and other approved uses as may be set forth from time to time in writing by both the CITY and the BOARD. HOURS The Lease Property will be open to the public during hours consistent with CITY regulations on surrounding CITY properties. Only the Lease Property and any recreational amenities (benches, trash barrels, adjacent parks, picnic tables, etc.) placed on the Lease Property are open to the public. All other areas of the canal are closed to the public. _ s.•... ~ PROHIBITED USES • No motorized vehicles, including motorized bicycles, minibikes, scooters, e-scooters, e-bikes, ATV's and gocarts, except for patrol, maintenance, emergency service, or permit holders shall be allowed, except in accordance with the "Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990". The CITY is responsible for specifying, pemutting and/or licensing these excepted vehicles. • No firearms, air guns, archery, slingshots, paint ball activities or any types of weapons shall be permitted, except bylaw enforcement officers in the pursuit of their enforcement activities. • No loud gatherings, loitering or conduct contrary to the applicable ordinances of the CITY shall be pemritted. • No littering, dumping or vandalism shall be pemutted. • No swimming, tubing, boating, rafting, fishing or other water contact is permitted by person, dog or horse. • Tree houses or swings shall not be pernutted. • Domesticated animals shall be kept on a leash at all times. Dog owners must pickup dog wastes. SPECL4I. EVENTS Only upon prior written authorization by the BOARD'S designated representative will a pemut be issued for special events to beheld at the Lease Property. However, participants of special events which may take place on CITY owned property may pass through the Lease property without authorization from the BOARD. If the CITY desires to hold a special event at the Leased Property, the CITY must provide a written request that includes: (a) A precise statement of location as to potions of the Lease Property involved. No event is to exceed or extend beyond the area described in the permit. (b) Specific dates and times of such usage. (c) Safety measures that will betaken. (d) A plan addressing adequate sanitation, trash removal, crowd control, and police protection if large groups of visitors are anticipated. (e) A copy of the special events application filed with [he CITY. The BOARD retains the exclusive right to refuse any special event, which is either on the Lease Property or passes through the Lease Property, when such usage would, in the opinion of the BOARD'S authorized representative, constitute a hindrance to operation of the canal. 2 4 FIItE SUPPRESSION/EMERCENCY SERVICES Fire suppression and emergency services wIll be rendered by local fire departments to the Lease Property. The CITY may wordinate the services insofaz FACILITIES MAINTENANCE Sanitary facilities may be provided only on CITY property. No permanent or temporary sanitary facility may be constmcted on the Lease Property. HERBICIDES LARVACIDES AND PESTICIDES The BOARD is responsible for pesticide, latvidices and herbicide policies and maintenance and will keep the CITY informed as to the policies and schedule. Such policies and schedule shall provide for larvicide application in identified areas of the canal for mosquito wntrol) 278-9605. The BOARD'S representative must also be informed of the application. The BOARD will endeavor, whenever reasonably possible, to comply with the CITY's ordinances, rules, and policies concerning the application of pesticides and herbicides. LEASE PROPERTY NIAIN1'ENANCE The Lease Property will be maintained by the CITY to keep the Lease Property in a suitable condition for recreational use and the BOARD will maintain the Lease Property to accommodate the BOARD'S maintenance vehicles. The Lease Property will be maintained with a crown and/or sloped away from the canal to minimize puddling. TRASH MAINTENANCE If needed, the CITY will pickup trash on the Lease Property on a regular basis. No trash banels or trash wntainers of any type maybe placed within the Lease Property. SIGNS The CITY will provide and maintain information and regulatory signs at roadway crossings of the Lease Property. Other signs may be posted as necessary for drrectional, informational, or regulatory purposes along the trail on the Lease Property. Signs may be placed in the Patrol Area if they are necessary for enforcement purposes and to keep recreational users out of restricted areas. 3 • ~ . Site locations must be approved by the BOARD prior to installation(s). However, the CITY may temporarily install signs regarding hazard, wildlife and emergency public notifications. Temporary installation is defined as no longer than 90 days SAFETY RULES The following rules shall apply to the public within the Lease Property area: • Shaze the trail and be courteous to others at all times. • Yield to all maintenance vehicles and slower traffic. • Stay to the right side of the trail except when passing. Announce approach when passing. • Use lights. In the case of an emergency ca11911. BENCHES REST AREA5 -PICNIC AREAS Benches, rest aeeas, and picnic aeeas aze not allowed on the Lease Property unless approved by the BOARD. THE CITY'S CONSTRUCTION AND INSTALLATION OF AMULTI-PURPOSE BRIDGE The CITY may constmct detemuned by the BOARD. The specific placement of the CITY Bridge requires the prior approval of the BOARD, which approval shall not be unreasonably delayed or withheld. The CITY'S Bridge shall be no further north then the old and abandoned concrete culvert structures located ou both sides of the canal just south of the concrete flume over Sprins Brook. LAW AND ORDER The CITY wIll take all reasonable and necessary steps to establish rules, regulations, and laws necessary to maintain and preserve law and order within the Lease Property area along with those areas identified in attachment titled Patrol Area. The Patrol Area is described in Attachment B of the Lease Ageement and is generally defined as the area owned by the BOARD from the tunnel to the north and, the siphon to the south. The CITY and any otherjurisdictions areas permanent installations, within or over the Lease Property that is governed by this Operating Plan, other than those requested by the CITY. GENERAL The CITY will keep the BOARD fully informed, at all times, as to the use and management: N~1 Sperandeo: Recreation Manager 303-628-6189 Rusty Christensen District Foremen 303-838Boss RV-6 Reverb Effects Pedal
- Regular price
- $153.99
- Regular price
- Sale price
- $153.99
- Unit price
- per
Details.
SPECIFICATIONS
- Reverb Modes: 8 modes
- HALL
- PLATE
- ROOM
- SPRING
- MODULATE
- +DELAY
- SHIMMER
- DYNAMIC
- Nominal Input Level: -20 dBu
- Input Impedance: 1 M ohm
- Nominal Output Level: -20 dBu
- Output Impedance: 1 k ohm
- Recommended Load Impedance: 10 k ohms or greater
- Controls:
- Pedal switch
- E.LEVEL: 65 mA
- Expected battery life under continuous use:
- (These figures will vary depending on the actual conditions of use.)
- Alkaline: Approx. 5 hours
- Accessories:
- Owner's Manual
- Leaflet ("USING THE UNIT SAFELY," "IMPORTANT NOTE," and "Information")
- Alkaline battery (9V, 6LR61)
- Options (sold separately): AC adaptor: PSA series
- Expression Pedal: BOSS FV-500H, FV-500L, Roland EV-5
SIZE AND WEIGHT:
- Width: 73 mm(2-7/8 inches)
- Depth: 129 mm(5-1/8 inches)
- Height: 59 mm(2-3/8 inches)
- Weight (including battery): 450 g(1 lb)I have just found out my long awaited book Pit Firing Ceramics: Modern Methods, Ancient Traditions is available for pre order on Amazon, Barnes & Noble & the Book Depository.
It is due to be released in America on 28th November 2013 with other countries to follow.
But if you can’t wait, of course, order it online!
Am pretty excited – I have only seen a virtual copy of it for layout editing and the like, so it will be great to hold a hard copy in real life after such a long period of writing and proof reading.
I first submitted my proposal to Schiffer Publishing when I finished my PhD in 2009 – so it has been four years in the making.
I will keep you posted on hard copy release dates as they come to hand 🙂
Sending you a well-deserved and huge congrats, Dawn! What a fabulous accomplishment!
Thanks Patricia… pretty exciting!
Congratulations Dawn – what a great (well deserved) achievement – looks like an absolutely beautiful book and I’m sure will be a real handbook for so many people drawn to your practice
thanks Chas… hope that it will be!NBA 2K21 Cover is a great game, yet it made problems in offering evaluations to a number of game players. Some are too expensive; some are far too low.
Whenever there is a updated NBA 2K21 Cover, followers can take note of the game's social networks page to look at each gamer. For franchising, this is a major party given that the improve in evaluations will steadily expose the evaluations Check It Out. As consistently, the evaluations of NBA 2K21 Cover are an crucial issue.
This is not only the initial record. The game may be improved routinely throughout the year to emulate those that strive. Notwithstanding, they do not consistently realize it right, which means that some game players' examinations are too expensive while others' examinations are far too low.
Paul George (90)
Ostensibly, Paul George's entire history of 90 appears to become right. It goes without saying, this person is a former MVP prospect in order to the second-best gamer on among one of the game's number one teams. The complication is that because relocating to the Clippers, George has actually seen his own personal game problems. It is looked forward to that numerous talents will definitely decline in reports, however it is vital. Points, rebounds, steals, and also the majority of various other types possess fallen in the past 2 years– at the same time, his poor efficiency in the playoffs, where he captured 39% in 2014. In regards to context, Jimmy Butler in order to Bradley Beal have the identical history.
Jalen Jackson Jr. (83)
Jaren Jackson Jr. becomes part of the wonderful young idol, and also the enthusiasts of the Memphis Grizzlies are fired up. He joined Rookie of the Year Ja Morant, Brandon Clarke, and also others and also with each other intended something good of development See Page. Sadly, his review here in this game is still too expensive.
Jackson Jr. revealed pulling off talents, however the others of his online game still needs to strive. He is 6' 11″ tall however just standards 4.6 rebounds per game. He is with Morant (86) or Jarrett Allen (84), and also Andre Drummond (83) The fact that major men are shown up so close seems to possess vanished.
Ben Simmons (88)
Like Paul George, Ben Simmons is likewise taken into account a number one idol, so his 88 moments appear to be proper. Definitely, he is a versatile point man that can make use of his height to his perk, often in fact, a triple-double.
This will definitely emerge as a trouble when you look into his online game. Comparable to Simmons, his transgression has certainly been steady. His numbers are regular, yet there has certainly been little development other than on the defensive end since getting into the game. With no jumpers or anything all new in his online game, he lags various other top-point guards.
Mitchell Robinson (82)
Although Oladipo has certainly confirmed himself, Mitchell Robinson of The Big Apple is the reverse. Big shots are the definition of primitive talents and also untapped capacity. Even if his online game is not over yet, the 2K organization still left a deep perception.
Robinson hasn't averaged 10 moments per online game or 9 rebounds per online game in a time. He demonstrated a talent for shutting out shots, however it is true. Although 22 years of ages means that he has sufficient time to end up being a idol, he must not be shown up mentioned above the better gamers.
Tyrese Haliburton (83).
This is not what Tyrese Haliburton implied. He is from Iowa, and even as a newbie for the Sacramento Kings, he has certainly done an exceptional career for himself. So far, he has certainly averaged only 12 moments per online game, five works with, in order to more than 40% of his three-pointers.
As we all understand, he will certainly end up being an outstanding basketball gamer. That being pointed out, his existing positioning is too expensive. His end product must not exceed Herro, Round, or Derrick Rose (81), not either needs to it exceed Collin Sexton, Caris LeVert, or Dejounte Murray.
Russell's efficiency this time is less than 20ppg however has certainly averaged at least 21.1 per year since 2019. He has certainly confirmed that he can be a leader and also is likely to make a major move. He might not be preparing to enter the number one 90 timeless, however he is taller than Jordan Clarkson (84).$49.95
This item is back-ordered. We will ship it separately in 10 to 15 days.
Description
Damage to exterior box only. Open Box to inspect components.
Game System: Aliens Another Glorious Day in The Corps
Game Type: Complete Game
Character Family: Aliens
Ages: 14 years and above
Players: 1-6 players
Average Play Time: 1-2 hours
Brand: Gale Force Nine
Model Number: ALIENS01
UPC: 9781947494497
Another glorious day in the corps! Players take on the roles of the main characters from the original movie, landing at Hadley`s Hope and fighting the aliens through a series of missions. Includes highly detailed models of the characters and lots of aliens.- Investigators working for an anti-money laundering firm located $1 billion in assets tied to Pakistan’s former prime minister Nawaz Sharif, who was imprisoned following fraud exposed by the Panama Papers, the firm’s lawyer said.
- A Pakistani general tried to make a corrupt side deal involving kickbacks with the firm, according to the lawyer.
- Pakistan’s new prime minister Imran Khan — despite running on an anti-corruption platform — may let his predecessor out of prison in exchange for leading him to the money, the lawyer said.
After an American-founded anti-money laundering firm alleged that it found $1 billion in corrupt assets tied to an imprisoned Pakistani ex-prime minister, a frenzy straight out of a spy novel commenced, involving shadowy figures tied to Pakistan’s Army and intelligence service, a letter from the company’s lawyer shows.
The story involves an American committing suicide in Paris, offshore tax havens, Oxford faculty and a mysterious meeting in a London cafe. Pakistan is now in talks to release the former prime minister in exchange for a cut of the corrupt assets, according to the letter.
The anti-money laundering firm, Broadsheet LLC, said it found $1 billion hidden in Singapore that was tied to former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, who was imprisoned for corruption in 2017 following exposure in the Panama Papers, a Washington-based lawyer for the firm said in a March 21 letter obtained by The Daily Caller News Foundation.
The firm alleged that after it found the money, an Army general associated with the regime of current Prime Minister Imran Khan — who positioned himself as the cure to corruption — tried to shake Broadsheet down for a cut of the money, according to the letter.
Broadsheet said it rebuffed the corruption attempt and severed ties with Pakistan without telling where in Singapore the $1 billion was hidden, the letter shows. Now, the firm suspects Pakistan has resorted to another approach: striking a deal with Sharif to release him from prison in exchange for leading the government to the hidden money.
Pakistan hired Broadsheet to find and seize the proceeds of past Pakistani leaders’ corruption. The firm would be paid a 25 percent commission on recovered funds. Khan has speculated that previous politicians and elites have stolen as much as $100 billion as part of a culture of corruption that he aims to change.
But when Broadsheet located the mother lode of all corrupt assets, corruption from Pakistan’s intelligence service and its army emerged, according to allegations spelled out in the 14-page letter from Stuart Newberger, a lawyer with the Washington, D.C. law firm Crowell & Moring LLP, to Pakistan’s London-based lawyers. Pakistan’s lawyers denied knowledge of the actions and denied any wrongdoing by the country.
Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan greets Saudi Arabia’s Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. (Press Information Department (PID)/Handout via REUTERS)
An American anti-corruption firm owner tries to defraud the Pakistani government
In 2000, then-Prime Minister Prevez Musharraf hired Broadsheet — created by Colorado businessman Jerry James — to trace the assets in the U.S. and U.K. of 200 prominent Pakistanis tied to Benezir Bhutto, a deposed former prime minister.
Broadsheet accused Pakistan of stiffing the firm of a $600 million payment. Broadsheet entered into liquidation proceedings, where it was revived by another owner and incorporated in the Isle of Man.
In 2008, after he sold the company, James registered an imposter company with the same name in a different jurisdiction. Pakistan then accepted a deal James offered to settle the debt for only $2 million — a deal James couldn’t actually make since he no longer owned the real Broadsheet, Global Arbitration Review reported.
James jumped to his death from the balcony of a Paris hotel as a fraud investigation into his activities loomed, Offshore Alert reported.
The original Broadsheet’s effort to collect the debt it said Pakistan owed went on for years. Essentially, each prime minister wanted to go after his predecessor by using Broadsheet to expose him as corrupt.
In 2016, while Sharif was prime minister, an international arbiter in London ruled that the $2 million paid to the wrong Broadsheet did not absolve Pakistan of its debts and ruled against the nation, scheduling future proceedings to determine the dollar amount of the penalty.
Around that time, a man who said he was a relative of Sharif and acting on his behalf approached Broadsheet chief Kaveh Moussavi, who is also a prominent lawyer with Oxford University, Newberger wrote in his letter. The man, Anjum Dar, provided photos and documents that seemed to support his claim.
Dar said he could obtain settlement money for Broadsheet.
“However, Mr. Dar also made clear that there would be a quid pro quo for Pakistan making such settlement payments to Broadsheet — substantial bribes and kickbacks would have to be paid as a ‘commission’ to him and others,” Newberger wrote.
Moussavi rebuffed him and said lawyers would have to handle the settlement, the letter says.
Then, the 2016 Panama Papers leak exposed dozens of world elites using offshore accounts for dubious purposes. Sharif was one of the most prominent men caught in its net. He was removed from office in July 2017 and later sentenced for corruption charges following an investigation into sham companies, strange transfers, cash in Qatar, and London real estate. (RELATED: Qatar Has Given $1 Billion To US Universities)
An intercontinental scramble for pieces of the money
In July 2018, the Army-backed Khan was elected prime minister.
Days prior, there was an arbitration hearing in London on the dispute between Broadsheet and Pakistan. Following the hearing, a senior partner at the massive New York-headquartered consultancy McKinsey & Co., Kersten Pucks, introduced Moussavi to Zafar Ali, a London-based lawyer with “strong connections to Pakistan,” Newberger’s letter said. Both were friends of Pucks.
They met at Puck’s house. “At the first meeting Mr. Moussavi was told by Mr. Ali that he was acting with instructions from the newly elected Prime Minister Imran Khan,” the letter said. “Mr. Ali also said he was acting for the Finance Minister, the Inter-Service Intelligence agency (‘ISI’) and the Attorney General.”
“At that time, this was viewed as a ‘professional approach’ involving qualified counsel and was intended to go beyond a simple settlement of this dispute,” the letter said.
Ali wanted Broadsheet to do potentially lucrative work hunting down the corrupt assets of Sharif — one of the very prime ministers who had stiffed the firm — and would also settle the past debt “for a considerable sum,” according to Newberger.
Soon after, Saudi Arabian sources tipped off Broadsheet that a stunning $1 billion tied to Sharif had been transferred to Singapore. Without giving details, Broadsheet told Ali what its investigators had found. It meant a massive payday for both Broadsheet and Pakistan.
On July 31, 2018, Ali asked Moussavi by text message to help him prepare bullet points for a meeting with Khan when he took office in August.
“Mr. Moussavi then had a follow-up meeting with Mr. Ali at which he outlined the history of Sharif-related corruption that Broadsheet had uncovered and analyzed as part of the London arbitration,” Newberger’s letter said. “Mr. Moussavi further briefed Mr. Ali on what needed to be done to help rid Pakistan of the historic curse of corruption pursued by the Sharif and Bhutto families for so many years.”
“They agreed that Mr. Ali would put these points to the new Prime Minister, who had campaigned on a pledge to change the country’s history and culture of corruption and introduce ‘clean government’ after so much unlawful conduct by his predecessors,” the letter continued. “Mr. Ali also noted he would brief the new Attorney General as well as senior members of the ISI.”
By Aug. 5, 2018, Ali was in Pakistan and texted Moussavi that he had meetings with the prime minister and the finance minister. “We are close … tantalisingly close,” he wrote, according to the letter.
Moussavi replied: “I suggest you try and bring back some of the files on the Sharifs so we show the new team how effectively we can operate … We will trace, locate, freeze, seize and repatriate stolen assets before they have got their heads round how this is done.”
Sidelined by the ISI
The deal was going so well that Ali asked Pucks, the McKinsey partner, “to have his passport ready to travel to Pakistan to assist Broadsheet in the preparation of the new agreements,” according to Newberger’s letter.
On Sept. 6, 2018, Ali texted Moussavi that he was waiting to see if the director general of the ISI “wants to meet me and if so when. The next week is crucial to whether this is a Go or not,” Newberger’s letter shows. On Sept. 9, Ali and Moussavi had meetings with a Pakistani lawyer named Shaid Iqbal who Ali said was “very close to Prime Minister Khan and was going to arrange the final meeting.”
On Sept. 28, Ali texted: “I have now met the AG and the Minister of Law. – It is agreed!” He asked Pucks to come to Pakistan on Oct. 24.
Newberger’s D.C. law firm prepared two contracts: One to settle the issue of prior unpaid debts to Broadsheet and another establishing how Broadsheet and Pakistan would embark on the lucrative new venture together.
But as word of the $1 billion got around to Pakistan’s powerful, Moussavi sensed that Ali was “sidelined as the lead negotiator,” Newberger’s letter said. “Instead, several officials later came forward to take over the discussions and change their character from transparency and cooperation to efforts to obtain unlawful kickbacks.”
“I am done now,” Ali said, adding that ISI wanted to go over some details with Broadsheet. “It warrants repetition – I would like nothing spoken about with any third party until after Sunday evening when I have landed safely in the UK.”
A mysterious general
Ali told Moussavi that people in Pakistan wanted to meet him for themselves, claiming they wanted to “know who he is,” according to Newberger’s letter. Moussavi said that was “nonsense” since he had worked with them for years
“In his view Mr. Ali was being pushed aside by others in Pakistan eager to pursue the Sharif funds in Singapore for themselves,” Newberger wrote.
“After the two draft contracts had been sent to Pakistan, a delegation of Pakistani officials traveled to London for meetings with the British authorities — ironically to discuss anti-corruption law enforcement issues,” the letter continued. “Mr. Moussavi was told of the arrival of the delegation by a ‘Mr. Malek,’ who said he was part of the ‘military investigations’ branch of ISI.”
“Moussavi met Major General ‘Malek,’ as he called himself, in Hampstead on 13 Oct at the Café Rouge,” Newberger wrote. .”
“General Malek categorically stated to Mr. Moussavi that Broadsheet could get both agreements signed and enforced — but only if his ‘cut’ was guaranteed,” the letter said.
The general asked: “People are wondering why you should make 25 billion dollars out of the contract we are giving you?” according to the letter, referring to the prime minister’s claim that there could be up to $100 billion in corrupt money tied to former Pakistani officials and Broadsheet’s 25 percent commission.
“Mr. Moussavi stated clearly that the conversation he was pursuing was nothing less than a criminal conspiracy … and that neither he nor Broadsheet could even discuss the matter further under any circumstances, no matter how much money was being offered,” the letter said. “Their meeting ended abruptly and Mr. Moussavi has not spoken to General Malek since.”
Newberger’s letter concludes by saying that Broadsheet believes that after it rebuffed the general’s kickbacks attempt, Pakistani officials decided to cut out Broadsheet. Rather than having the firm seize Sharif’s $1 billion using money laundering statutes, Pakistan offered a deal with the corrupt politician, letting him out of prison if he gives them the money, according to Newberger’s letter.
“Our understanding is that the new agreements were not signed because Mr. Moussavi refused to agree to the requests to pay bribes and kickbacks,” the letter said. “We also understand that the Sharif funds remain in the Singapore bank account and are the subject of on-going discussions between Sharif and the Government to release him from prison in return for a turn-over of some of those funds.”
A man watches incoming Army Chief of Staff Qamar Javed Bajwa during a ceremony. REUTERS/Akhtar Soomro
Terse response from Pakistan’s lawyers
On April 9, Pakistan’s London-based attorney, Mark Levy, of the firm Allen Overy LLC, responded with a three-paragraph note obtained by TheDCNF.
Although you have marked the letter “Confidential Settlement Communication,” as I have made clear, my clients do not see any connection between the allegations contained in your document of 21 March and any settlement discussions..
With regard to settlement discussions, as I have explained previously, in order for these to progress it would greatly assist if your client were to put forward a slightly more realistic offer than the one put forward to date.
Neither side’s lawyers responded to a request for comment from TheDCNF.
Pakistan’s then-Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif (R) talks with Qamar Javed Bajwa, Pakistan’s newly designated Army Chief, at the Prime Minister’s House in Islamabad, Pakistan, November 26, 2016. PID/Handout via REUTERS
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.In case marketplace daily, making countless sales and commissions. Can you combine them? If you’re prepared to place the knowledge and proven strategies taught in Amazon Selling Course by Jeff Helms into action, get access to the secure”aws” package at this time. Discover how to create your own profitable product with plans that work. With”aws”, you will learn how to create your own profitable product with proven strategies that work.90s Baby Dreams Rainbow Tie Dye Lounge Set
Regular price $31.50 Sale price
$46.00
90's babies UNITE!!
It's the weekend baby and you're feeling like throwing it back ;) Time to turn up some of your favorite hits from Spice Girls, TLC, or Aqua, get those re-runs of Boy Meets World or The Fresh Prince running. Whip yourself up a colorful, delicious Mai Tai on ice and last but not least, debut this absolutely adorable rainbow tie dye lounge set and rock the house like you're living your very best life from the comfort of your living room!
Fit is true to size. This is sold as a set.Address: 779 Adiron AvenueLocation: Coquitlam :: Coquitlam WestBedrooms: 4 Bathrooms: Full : 2, Half : 1Price: $Call or Email for Pricing
Roy ChoiKeller Williams Elite Realty604 468 0010 Me
If you cannot view this video try enabling JavaScript.
DESCRIPTION: Great home close to everything! This 4 bedroom 3 bathroom home has had major
updates: Open concept kitchen with granite counters, undermount sink, tiled floor and backsplash, skylights, pine cabinets, new fridge with water line / icemaker, super silent BOSCH dishwasher, Gas stove, KOHLER faucet, bay window, and French Doors leading to an awesome covered 20 x 12 CEDAR deck with Natural Gas BBQ gas line. Down features a rec room, den, and 1 bedroom inlaw suite with its own entrance. Super lane access backyard with stamped concrete patio, kids playhouse with swings, and professionally landscaped.
Whirlpool Duet washer/dryer, 2' faux wood blinds throughout, double pane windows, newer hot water tank, new 1' water main line, 2 year old 35 year roof, gutters, downspouts, fascia boards, new exterior paint. 30 second walk to Miller Park elementary and Banting Middle school grounds, easy access to major transport routes, and walking distance to the future skytrain station.Daren, 49 days in sex chat
It website is like a sex video chat, the actually best free live adult video chatting web site, provide such a spread of service and level of ordinary. This is often the largest video chatting web site in the cyber world. Sex video chat have a lot of web cam models at any given time. You'll fancy your evening time here.
You should go there, just open one in every of the general public chats (do not worry, your webcam may be turned off, and nobody will see you), and if the others in this chat have been tipping, the lady can be naked, masturbating or maybe having real sex. You are most welcome during this website, where webcam chat porno. Just open a free account and revel in your time.
Gary, 265 days in sex chat
If you solicit from me what is the most effective free porn chat website within the world, i will recommended to you regarding webcam chat porno because it is one and solely video broadcasting web site where girls showing their body. It's preferably free and no hassles. The most importantly they are very lovely and invariably forthcoming to your needs. Web cam chat may be a web based mostly chat where the perimeters see each other. However video chat is incredibly safe for you because your web cam is turned off, and nobody sees you. In a word, it's fastest, Safe and most beautiful.
You don't got to pay anything, so you can easily chat with them. I counseled this site who needs an honest adult webcam web site.The Courthouse Creative Cooperative is a multidisciplinary creative studio located in the Old Vanderburgh County Courthouse in Evansville, Indiana, USA. Composed of six individual freelance creative professionals working independently, we cover the gamut from graphic design, illustration, lettering, web design, interior design, photography, filmmaking and social media management. Additionally, we can pool our resources and collaborate to complete full scale branding services for projects of any size and scope. We believe in community and are active in many civic, non-profit and volunteer organizations as well as leading our own initiatives in order to contribute to our city.
Stay tuned for more about the Cooperative, but in the mean time, follow or email us below.
©2020 Courthouse Creative CooperativeThe Take My Heart Dear Dress
R350.00
Lead Time: 2-5 Business Days
The Take My Heart Dear Dress speaks for itself!
Your little mini-me will steal your heart in this super soft, warm and stylish dresss!
Wear it with boots on warmer days (like Minki did) or wear it with tights or leggings when the temperature drops.
Good To Know:
Fit Type: Regular Fit
Material: Corduroy
Composition: 100% Polyester
Fabric: Non Stretch
Style: Cute
Not sure about your mini’s size?
Detailed Size Chart Under Photo Gallery
Please familiarize yourself with PrettyBelle’s:
Delivery- & Return Policy
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10. Rather it is a path. Before they perform the experiments every experiments basic concept section helps them know the aim of the experiment and achieve the result with fewer mistakes.
Download Class 10 Science Lab Manual Free Sample PDF by R. Download latest 2021 Sample Papers for Class 10 Science as per CBSE NCERT pattern and syllabus. Saraswati Biology-10 Rajesh Kumar.
You can reading Saraswati ncert science lab manual class 10 online either load.
To overcome the problem, we now have enough money you the technology to acquire the [Epub] Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10 not in a thick printed file. Yeah, reading by on-line or getting the soft-file unaccompanied to gate can be one of the ways to do. You may not tone that reading a folder will be useful for you. But, in some terms, May people thriving are those who have reading habit, included this nice of this [ZIP] Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10.
We present complete variation of this ebook in DjVu ePub PDF txt doc formats. These Lab Manuals provide complete information on all the experiments listed in the latest CBSE syllabus. CBSE Class 10 Science Lab Manual Salient features of the CBSE Class 10 Science Lab Manual are. If searching for a ebook Saraswati ncert science lab manual class 10 in pdf format then you have come on to right website. Saraswati Biology-10 Rajesh Kumar. Buy Saraswati Class 10 Science Lab Manual PDF Online. The various objectives materials required procedures inferences etc have been given in a step-by-step manner.
ムRead (PDF/Epub) Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10
Dear readers, like you are hunting the new photo album collection to gain access to this day, [PDF] Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10 can be your referred book. Yeah, even many books are offered, this tape can steal the reader heart for that reason much. The content and theme of this record truly will adjoin your heart. You can locate more and more experience and knowledge how the activity is undergone.
However, this grow old furthermore allow you to get the compilation from many sources. The off extraction sticker album heap may be a common place to visit to get the book. But now, you can after that locate it in the on-line library. This site is one of the on-line library in which you can locate your selected one to read. Now, the presented [RTF] Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10 is a book that you can find here. This wedding album tends to be the cd that will meet the expense of you additional inspirations.
By soft file of the book to read, you may not habit to bring the thick prints everywhere you go. Any times you have compliant to read, you can entrance your gadget to gain access to this collection in soft file system. hence simple and fast! Reading the soft file stamp album will give you simple mannerism to read. It can also be faster because you can get into your book everywhere you want. This on-line [RTF] Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10 can be a referred baby book that you can enjoy the answer of life.
Easy Get PDF Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10
[Ebook] Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10. wedding album lovers, behind you habit a new folder to read, find the scrap book here. Never cause problems not to find what you need. Is the [ZIP] Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10 your needed cassette now? That's true; you are essentially a good reader. This is a perfect cd that comes from great author to part later you. The wedding album offers the best experience and lesson to take, not by yourself take, but plus learn.
But here, you can acquire it easily this [PDF] Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10 to read. As known, later you log on a book, one to remember is not isolated the PDF, but afterward the genre of the book. You will look from the PDF that your folder chosen is absolutely right. The proper tape marginal will shape how you right of entry the cd done or not. However, we are distinct that everybody right here to plan for this book is a no question aficionada of this nice of book.
Based upon that case, it's determined that your grow old to entry this collection will not spend wasted. You can start to overcome this soft file cassette to pick improved reading material. Yeah, finding this baby book as reading stamp album will have the funds for you distinctive experience. The interesting topic, easy words to understand, and with handsome ornamentation create you mood acceptable to only entrance this [Ebook] Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10.
!/[PDF] Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10
Delivering good sticker album for the readers is kind of pleasure for us. This is why, the [Epub] Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10 books that we presented always the books later than unbelievable reasons. You can recognize it in the type of soft file. So, you can edit [Ebook] Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10 easily from some device to maximize the technology usage. in the manner of you have granted to make this book as one of referred book, you can offer some finest for not lonesome your vibrancy but moreover your people around.
Compared later supplementary people, afterward someone always tries to set aside the epoch for reading, it will present finest. The repercussion of you right of entry [PDF] Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10 today will fake the daylight thought and later thoughts. It means that whatever gained from reading tape will be long last time investment. You may not infatuation to acquire experience in genuine condition that will spend more money, but you can take on the exaggeration of reading. You can as well as find the real thing by reading book.
Read Online Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10
Knowing the mannerism how to acquire this collection is furthermore valuable. You have been in right site to begin getting this information. get the member that we offer right here and visit the link. You can order the collection or get it as soon as possible. You can quickly download this [RTF] Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10 after getting deal. So, similar to you craving the folder quickly, you can directly get it. It's as a result easy and thus fats, isn't it? You must pick to this way.
Easy Read Book Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10
The explanation of why you can get and acquire this [Epub] Saraswati Lab Manual Science Class 10 sooner is that this is the folder in soft file form. You can way in the books wherever you want even you are in the bus, office, home, and supplementary places. But, you may not obsession to distress or bring the baby book print wherever you go. So, you won't have heavier bag to carry. This is why your unorthodox to make greater than before concept of reading is in reality obliging from this case. Reception
The Sense About Science Annual Reception, jointly hosted with the Royal Pharmaceutical Society , is a chance to bring together friends and supporters who we have worked with over the last year from our wide-ranging constituencies of scientists, politicians, journalists, patient groups and individuals. It is an opportunity to reflect on our work and achievements, and to look ahead to future work. Since 2012, the winner of the John Maddox Prize has been announced at this event.
Joint winners were announced for the 2014 John Maddox Prize for Standing up for Science: Dr Emily Willingham and Dr David Robert Grimes.
Emily Willingham said "Standing up for science and public health in the face of not only unyielding but also sometimes threatening opposition can be tiring and demoralizing, and this recognition is a welcome counterbalance that brings some positive perspective."
David Grimes said "."
Photos thanks to Lucy Brooks, view more on Flickr.
The winner of the 2013 John Maddox Prize for Standing up for Science, Professor David Nutt, was announced at the 2013 Annual Reception
Professor."
Photos thanks to Lucy Brooks, see more photos of the 2013 reception on Flickr
At the 2012 Annual Reception, the winners of the inaugural John Maddox Prize for standing up for science, Professor Simon Wessely and Shi-min Fang, were announced.
Philip Campbell, Editor at Nature and judge said: “The winners of the prize demonstrated the kind of sustained resilience and determination to communicate good science that John Maddox personified.”
Keynote speakers from previous years have been:
2011 - Robin Ince, comedian and radio presenter
Standing up for Science: Stepping in to new territories
The evening celebrated the work of Robin Ince, who was given a Standing up for Science award. Robin treated the guests to a whirlwind tour of his motivations, as a non-scientist, for running shows and radio programmes asking science questions. His shows are “aimed at anyone who’s interested. And I don’t mean interested in science. I mean literally interested. Are you interested in the world? Do you want to know just a bit more?”
2010 - Dr Simon Singh, science writer
Standing up for Science: clinical trials and libel trials
Dr Simon Singh discussed the recent libel case brought against him by the British Chiropractic Association, and the importance of protecting open discussion and criticism for science.
2009 - Dr Alan Dangour, senior lecturer and registered public health nutritionist, London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine
Standing up for Science and Making Sense of Evidence
Dr Alan Dangour described the release of his systematic review on organic food, and the subsequent media frenzy that ensued. The reception coincided with the launch of our new guide Sense About Systematic Reviews.
2008 - Phil Willis MP
Why Evidence Matters
Phil Willis highlighted the importance of evidence in policy-making. To mark the 40th anniversary of the Medicines Act (1968), we also launched our Evidence Based Medicine Matters campaign, popularising the contribution of Evidence Based Medicine to modern medicine.
2007 - Nick Ross, television presenter and president of HealthWatch
Trick or Treatment? Helping the public make sense of science
Nick Ross discussed the role of scepticism and scientific thought in modern society.
2006 - Professor Michael Baum, Emeritus Professor of surgery, UCL
Evidence, Medicine and Snake Oil: the challenges facing doctors and pharmacists
Professor Michael Baum discussed the MHRA’s stance on efficacy in relation to homeopathic products, and the importance of evidence based medicine.
Find us onFrom biochemistry labs to field studies around species behavior to ecological sustainability to global industrial politics and patriarchy of things — that is what my search for interconnectedness has gotten me into. In these last five years of coming-of-age after formal studies, my work life has been nothing less of a roller coaster ride, constantly wading between idealism and practicality.
While penning a write-up today to understand the tax revision issues affecting rural women and girls in the country, my heart raced and I was hit by an angst — am I betraying my kindred of sustainable menstruation? Living as minimal as I could, working on zero waste ideas and promoting reusable menstrual hygiene products, here I am also talking about tax-free sanitary napkins and public interest litigations to list them as ‘essential’ commodities instead of miscellaneous or luxury things.
Catch 22
I’ve always been about impossible relationships and contradictions. In a parallel universe my better self would be leading a quaint life in linear progression. Yet here I am, passing every year in circles (concentric ones), moving forth from one idea to the other, piecing the puzzle, connecting the dots and plugging in the gaps.
sustainability remains a privilege, many still grapple with everyday struggles shadowed by poverty and sickness.
My love for science and evidence has hit me with questions that took my understanding to systems that are complex. As my dear mentor-friend Bindu put it wonderfully, sustainability still remains a subset and often a privilege for some of us, large many still grapple with everyday struggles shadowed by poverty and sickness. My love for sustainable ideas is at loggerheads with the violation of women’s rights. Here we are, half of the world population with a body function of menstruation, as involuntary and necessary as breathing. But still we live in denial and oppression by systems that sideline them as taboos and “miscellaneous”.
How do I ask a mid-career mother of two with barely an hour to herself daily to also wash her cloth pads? How do I convince the father of a keen sixteen year old that her daughter’s virginity might not be tampered with a menstrual cup or hamper her married life with a suspicious husband? How do I put the burden of disposal issues of sanitary napkins on women and girls alone who live in the shadows of overbearing male figures and larger polluters? How do I make sense of realities like free condoms for safe pleasure and overpriced quality menstrual hygiene products that are sheer necessities?
Also Read: Menstrual Cups Are Great, But Even They Require Resources
When I made up my mind to leave my workplace to set aside the 2–3 months that I can afford to volunteer for these issues, living off my savings, I wasn’t prepared for this angst. In this journey so far, I’m grateful to every person from our campaign networks and collectives who see sense in the things I do and question the perceptions that don’t. More importantly, I still believe that I will not lose my way treading this tricky spot I find myself in, that the firm advocates of sustainability and outspoken leaders of gender rights will strive hard to achieve the ideal— and I may be at the intersection of the crossroads where both are not at loggerheads anymore but the start of a revolution of a different kind.
This post was first published on the author’s Medium account here.
Featured Image Credit: The Better IndiaVitamins C and D get a lot of airplay, and for good reason: They are rockstar nutrients. What do they do, and how much do you need? Read on!
Vitamin C
Also known as ascorbic acid, vitamin C is water soluble and not easily stored in the body, meaning you need to get your daily dose through food or supplements.
Benefits of Vitamin C
An antioxidant that can rein in free radicals that damage cells, C is used in making collagen, hormones, and brain and nervous system chemicals, and it stimulates white blood cells to keep your immune system tuned up.
One thing C doesn't do, contrary to what your grandmother may have told you, is prevent the common cold. If you do get a cold, though, taking the recommended daily dose of C when the symptoms start may ease its severity.
How Much Vitamin C Do You Need?
How much do you need? The Recommended Dietary Allowance (RDA) is 75 milligrams (mg) per day for women and 90 for men. The dose increases to 85 mg for pregnant women and 120 mg for breastfeeding women. If you're a smoker or exposed to secondhand smoke, up your dosage by 35 mg.
To prevent gastrointestinal disturbances, the maximum amount of vitamin C you should take is 2,000 mg per day. Too much C can cause cramps, diarrhea, and nausea. The amount of C your body can absorb drops by half when you take a dose larger than 1,000 mg.
Vitamin D
Step into the sun: It'll convert a chemical in your skin into vitamin D3--which is then turned into vitamin D via your liver and kidneys.
Benefits of Vitamin D
One of D's critical functions is to help your intestines absorb calcium. Without enough D, the body can access only 10 to 15 percent of the calcium it takes in; that number increases to 30 to 40 percent when sufficient vitamin D is present. The result? Healthier bones.
Vitamin D also helps with nerve, muscle, and immune system function. Combined with calcium, it helps ward off osteoporosis. Research on vitamin D and cancer is mixed: Some studies have indicated a protective effect against colon, prostate, and breast cancer, but higher levels of D in the blood have also been linked to higher pancreatic cancer rates.
Are You Getting Enough Vitamin D?
But let's get back to the sun. Vitamin D occurs naturally in very few foods, so if your skin is mostly covered when you go outdoors, either by clothing or sunscreen, there's a good chance you're not getting enough D.
The RDA for D is 600 IU (international units) for adults, including pregnant and breastfeeding women, and 800 IU for adults over 70. Don't take more than 4,000 IU per day: It can cause toxicity, along with nausea, constipation, weight loss, confusion, heart arrhythmias, and kidney damage.
If you're taking medication or dealing with a chronic or serious condition, be sure to check with your healthcare practitioner before starting a new vitamin regimen.A British-registered Bentley, appropriately a GT Speed, was flashed at 253 kph heading towards Italy on the A8 in the Var on Saturday night, setting the record for the weekend. The car is capable of 331 kph.
On the same evening two Maseratis were involved in accidents on the A8 involving other vehicles, the local traffic police said. Other delinquents were driving a Mercedes M1 and a Mini Cooper. No injuries were reported.
The end of lockdown has seen more incidents of high-speed driving. Many of the cars are not registered in France and many others that break the speed limit by large margins are rented by locals, the police said.
While not all foreign licence plates are currently recognised by the speed cameras, those exceeding the limit by more than 60 kph risk having their speed machines confiscated.
PHOTO: A Bentley Speed 6 Bentley3 min readNovel Model for Studying Intestinal Parasite could Advance Vaccine Development
Philadelphia, PA — the vet school.”
Article adaption from a University of Pennsylvania news release.
Publication: A Genetically Tractable, Natural Mouse Model of Cryptosporidiosis Offers Insights into Host Protective Immunity. Sateriale, A et al. Cell Host & Microbe (June 20, 2019): Click here to view.
Cryptosporidium, diarrhoea disease, ParasiteSelf Titled by rkls. On this debut offering the pair have worked with LA’s broken beat visionary Marc De Clive-Lowe, legendary emcees John Robinson and Kev Brown, dazzling new vocal and production talent from South Africa – Sio, Melo B Jones, Daev Martian and White Nite to name but a few. This diverse list of guests flex their dexterity allowing the album to shift easily between ballads and more up-tempo beats effortlessly. Punctuated with spacey interludes, the resulting twelve tracks glisten with sumptuous textures, swelling harmonies and organic instrumentation. Familiar but fresh, rkls feels like you’re meeting an old friend with enthralling new stories to tell.Welcome to Thursday Threads. This week we feature R.B.Austin’s paranormal romance, Fallen Redemption:
Title: Fallen Redemption by RB Austin
Genre: Paranormal Romance
Heat Level: Sizzle
Buy Link: Fallen Redemption (The Trihune Series Book 1) – Kindle edition by RB Austin. Paranormal Romance Kindle eBooks @ Amazon.com.
Fallen Redemption is on sale for only $.99 until July 27!
Blurb:.
Excerpt:
The cut was small and not deep, it would stop bleeding in a matter of minutes.
Blood seeped from the wound. It trickled down Sarah’s wrist and pooled in her upturned hand.
He froze.
Changes overcame his body. Uncontrollable. Unknown.
Breath quickened. Heart pounded as loud as a horse’s gallop. Sarah hadn’t awakened. The pain from her cut was insubstantial compared to the pain of her sickness.
The thick, crimson liquid flowing from the wound was anything but insubstantial to Caderyn. Still unable to move, his eyes hadn’t wavered from the blood. The tray left his hands and clattered to the ground. His knees buckled and he sank to the floor, bringing himself an inch from the cut. The scent of blood filled his nostrils. Consumed all thought. Sight. He wanted to close his eyes and savor the reverent aroma filling his senses. Something awakened inside of him.
Foreign.
Monstrous.
Wrong.
He was hungry, yet didn’t want food. Thirsty, but didn’t want to reach for a cup of water. Another drop of blood welled from the cut. A growl tore from his throat.
It was the switch and it had been thrown.
One moment he was himself. The monster inside separate. Next the wall between the two vanished. He was the Behnshma. His humanity gone. Another growl. It echoed around the house. Filled his ears.
He was ravenous. The fact he hadn’t eaten in a little over a week ached his empty belly and burned his dry, parched throat. There were two pricks of pain in his top gum. Finger in his mouth, he found two long, sharp as knives, teeth. Like Elias. Like the wolves in the forest when they tore into a deer carcass. Their muzzles bloody, meat dangling from their mouths. Blood.
He knew what he wanted to do, what his body demanded he do. Caderyn licked his lips and his tongue nicked an elongated tooth. His own blood melted decadently over his tongue. A flood of senses erupted. Never had he tasted anything this wonderful. His mouth zinged with flavor. The blood coated his throat. He’d been dying of thirst his whole life but hadn’t known it. Warmth spread through his body.
His hands shook as he brought them to Sarah’s arm. Grasping her wrist and forearm he leaned toward the blood. Inch by inch. He was a magnet and her arm was the polar opposite.
Her inaudible yelp of fright permeated through the rushing noise in his ears. He tore his eyes away and met her wide-eyed startled ones.
Stop.
Fear was an acrid, burning stench in his nostrils. Her thoughts a chaotic jumble weaving through his mind. She tried to move her lethargic limbs. Tried to escape. To break free.
He flexed his hands, squeezing her arm as his gaze trailed from the vein in her neck to the one in her wrist right below the cut. The blood slowed and the edges of the wound begun to dry. The tangy, copper scent of the fresh liquid underneath her skin reached his nose. Caderyn listened to it pass through her veins. Faster and faster.
Ignoring his wife’s futile attempts to escape, he leaned closer and inhaled. A growl erupted from his throat. He bent. Licked the wound. Groaned. His cock hardened.
Sarah, panicked now, tried to yank her arm free. It was the most she’d moved in days. Growling, like a dog with his bone, he held down her upper arm and her squirming hand. Pushed it back until her forearm bowed, and the cut extended to him like a present.
Caderyn. Please. I beg you.
He was hurting her arm. Scaring her. She was begging.
Flicking his tongue over her wrist, he caught another drop of the thick liquid gold. Then another and another. It wasn’t enough. He bared his teeth, striking fast to sink them deep into her wrist. She gave a weak jerk. Caderyn drew her blood into his mouth with long pulls. His cock jerked and warmth spread inside his breeches. There was no stopping. Her struggles to escape were an annoying insect buzzing around the room. The pleas to stop were shouts in his head. Both were easy to ignore. Sarah ceased to struggle.
He was killing her.
He couldn’t stop.
And didn’t stop until she was dead.
Media Links:
Twitter: RB Austin (authorrbaustin) Twitter25
GB3077-1999 English Version Heat Treating Steel
Alloy Structure Steels GB/T 3077-1999 Replace GB/T 3077-1988 1. Scope The standard covers the following issues of hot rolled and forging alloy steel:the dimension, shape, weight, tolerance, engineering specification, test method, inspection rules, packaging, marking, and. quality certificates. GBT 3077-1999 () - MBAGBT 3077-1999 ().doc. ICS 77.140.20 H 40 NATIONAL STANDARD OF PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF CHINA GB/T 3077-1999 Alloy structure steels Issued on 11/01/1999 Implemented on 08/01/2000 Issued by the National Quality & Technical Supervision Bureau NATIONAL STANDARD OF PEOPLES REPBLIC OF CHINA GB/T 3077-1999 Alloy GBT3077-2015 en Steel AlloySampling No. Testing items Sampling location Testing method frequency GB/T 223(see chapter 2) GB/T 4336GB/T 11261 1 Chemical composition One per heat GB/T20066 GB/T 20123GB/T 20124GB/T 21834YB/T 4306 GB/T2975 2 Tensile test Two per batch GB/T 228.1 Different steel bars, GB
Gb/t 3077 1.7335 12crmo - Buy
Gb/t 3077 1.7335 12crmo , Find Complete Details about Gb/t 3077 1.7335 12crmo, 12crmo, 12crmo, from Steel Round Bars Supplier or Manufacturer-Wuxi Runkun Special Steel Co., Ltd. astm a517 grade b alloy steel plateAST Grade B/ A514 din standard c45 steel extruded profile plate rib plate
prime coil ms a36 q235 ss400 steel sheet plate in coil
4.8/5(10)Brand RENTAI STEELsphc ss400 q235 a36 hr hot rolled ms steel coil sheet . 1.Hot Rolled Steel Coil ,page1 Gb
Get priceThe tricopter project lumbers on, delayed by faulty parts.
The recommended tail servo, a Hobbyking HK 922 Metal Gear Digital Servo, failed. It had a rough spot at about 70% of its range from new and which became worse quite quickly until the motor had insufficient torque to overcome it.
Above is the output shaft, and the final gear has a tooth which has broken / bent over jamming the transmission.
I did have another servo on hand, a TGY-113MG, which required some rework to use it (these parts are only semi-standard dimensionally). It was fitted, but has serious stability problems in this application, see the video. Measured Dead Band is 4µs, but the fundamental problem looks like an unstable internal control loop. (Dead Band on the original HK922 is 7µs.)
The model is flyable, but at low rpm the tail motor shakes severely. So, back to trying to procure a replacement HK 922 (which is presently out of stock).“If You Have Enthusiasm, A Positive Attitude And A Few Basic Fitness Skills, I Have A $23.51p/hr (plus super), Fun And Fulfilling Personal Training Position Just For You!”
Dear Prospective Fitness Coach,..
For more information and the position requirements, PLEASE CLICK HERE!What. This—to us strange—disciplinary situation had ancient roots: Aristotle’s most expansive discussion of the passions appears in his Rhetoric. Since early modern literary theory was based on rhetoric, this forges a direct relationship between literature and the study of passions.
What does it mean to think about passion rhetorically? One answer takes us to a famous Hamlet soliloquy:! (2.2.545–51)
This is about more than effective performance: it encodes an account of the cognitive underpinnings of passion that emphasizes the rhetorical functioning of the mind. The “fiction” Hamlet is thinking of is a mental fiction: a “conceit” or phantasm, which is a fiction in the sense that it is a made thing: a product of our souls. In the sequence traced here, an imagined conceit alters the soul and that alteration in turn alters the body. All passions are fictional in the sense that all are based on “nothing”: that is, on mental images. A second sense of “fiction” is relevant as well: fiction as that kind of made thing that is an invented story. The actor describes Hecuba at the fall of Troy; in doing so, he is both himself moved and moves those who hear him. The transmission of passion is not a secondary issue separate from what passion “is” but follows directly from passion’s relation to imagination: that is, its “fictional” standing. Literature can address the passions because passions are quasi-mimetic: they are ways of seeing and evaluating the objects of our concern.
The knowledge produced by a rhetoric of the passions is remote from what the early modern period called “scientia”: certain, demonstrative knowledge of universals. Even Aristotle’s chapters on the passions in the Rhetoric do not offer anything like that: they give brief definitions of each passion, but mostly offer ramified lists of the kinds of situations producing each. Early modern writers expanded on such accounts. The second edition of Thomas Wright’s Passions of the Mind—printed 1604, the same year as Q2 Hamlet—spends nearly 20% of its length surveying the “motives to love”: the means to move love in others. The discussion is divided into seventeen topics, from pardoning of injuries to gift-giving; that last is subdivided into fourteen further “circumstances,” addressing the nature of the gift, the giver, and the receiver, and the specifics of how the gift is given. There is nothing finished about either list: one could easily add more motives, more circumstances. And this is the point. Since passions are responses to the situations in which we find ourselves, they vary in as many ways as those situations vary. According to a common early modern phrase, passions are “accidents” of the soul, where “accident” means both a contingent qualitative alteration and an event. We study passions by looking out at the world of events. But the knowledge we can attain in this way is at best probable: as a series of seventeenth-century books argue, passions are caused by their objects; those objects are qualified and circumstanced particulars; they are infinite; and the passions too are infinite. Passions are at the limits of the knowable.
Rhetoric knows the passions by tracing them to their circumstances. That is, it knows them narratively, and it construes narrative as a means of producing knowledge about passions in their particularity. This way of knowing is evoked in Francis Bacon’s Advancement of Learning: “poets and writers of Histories” have been passion’s “best Doctors”—that is, best scholars—because in them we find depicted .”
Bacon wants a natural history of the passions to displace this unsystematic poetic and historical knowledge. It is tempting to say that this is exactly what happened in the next two centuries, as forms of empirical psychology took over a space that once belonged to rhetoric. But it matters that these psychologies reoccupied rhetoric’s terrain. The knowledge they offer is closer to the one Bacon ascribes to poets and historians than to scientia: in the sphere of the passions, rhetoric is the forerunner of an empirical knowledge of particulars. One can trace its continuing if hidden influence on new psychologies from Locke—who recommended Aristotle’s Rhetoric as part of the study of the passions—to Hume and Smith, whose models of the mind echo the psychology of the vivid image articulated by Hamlet and the circumstantial analysis of passions practiced by Wright. Scholars sometimes claim that a “psychological” approach to Shakespeare is anachronistic, because his period had no psychology. That is not entirely accurate, but the main point is that, in a sense, the period’s literature was its psychology: a circumstantial, open-ended, narrative knowledge of the passions grounded in rhetoric. That knowledge, which thrives beyond the limits of any system, still has something to tell us about how we know the emotions now—not as experts, but as people engaged in everyday life.
Feature image: Infant Shakespeare Attended by Nature and the Passions, The Elisha Whittelsey Collection, The Elisha Whittelsey Fund, 1949
Recent Comments
Excellent blog. I once heard Jane Smiley asked how to get more men to read fiction. She replied, “Anyone interested in people will naturally want to read fiction.” Because good fiction broadens and deepens our empathy for a wide range of people and their emotions, both similar to as well as different from us.Saša Vranješ
Saša Vranješ Saša VranješDirector Hotel Boka My whole life I’ve been a part of a tourism business. For 8 years, I was working for LUX Hotels of London where I gained a lot of valuable experience. Afterwards, I returned to Slovenia and worked there as a Director Assistant in Kobilarna Lipica. At Lipica I was [...]Serendipity large emerald wall art
This large Serendipity wall art piece features a rich, emerald green stained glass. It would look stunning in any location and would be particularly suited to displaying at Christmas.
It is built on a metal frame so can hang directly from this or can be suspended from a ribbon or cord.
£180.00
1 in stockGuapo's Open in Georgetown
You know Guapo's from Tenleytown, where owner Hector Rincón opened the original Tex Mex eatery 27 years ago.
Now, add Georgetown at Washington Harbour to the family-owned chain of six-full service restaurants and three fast-casual rotisseries in the Washington area.
Peruse the extensive list of tequilas and mezcals and their new brunch menu. Waterfront outdoor patio dining. Open daily for lunch and dinner.
*/
Guapo’s Georgetown is located at 3050 K Street.
*/Features and Benefits
- IP67-rated
- 1920 x 1080 resolution at up to 60 fps
- Built-in front glass heater to remove snow and frost
- iCapTrue™ image enhancement technology
- DynaStream™ for optimized network efficiency
- CBR Pro™ for high image quality in limited bandwidth transmissions
- ONVIF Profile S support for standardization and interoperability
- Complies with all EN 50155 mandatory test items
Introduction
The VPort 06EC-2V outdoor IP cameras support 1080P (1920 x 1080) resolution video images at up to 60 frames per second. iCapTrue’s new image enhancement technology uses an advanced AE and AWB algorithm to produce better image quality in a variety of environments. The chassis design is IP67-rated, and has been shown to provide ample dust and rain protection, and with a built-in front glass heater and a tough outer cover, the cameras have the versatility and ruggedness needed for outdoor mobile IP video surveillance applications. In addition, models capable of operating between -40 to 70°C are available.$642,000
5466 Moraine Ct.
Style Two-Story
Sq. Ft. 3728
Bed 4
Bath 3.5
Garage 3-Car
Formal oversized corner shower and separate vanities. Three additional bedrooms and bath are on the upper level. This home includes a finished lower level and a 3-car garage. Designer features include a chef’s kitchen with 42″ cabinets, luxury vinyl plank floors, and 9′ ceilings on the main and lower level.
5466 Moraine Ct. Liberty Township OH
Agent
Jim Fehring
Schmidt Builders
jfehring@schmidtbuilders.com
Cell: (513) 604-0599One of the most noticeable seasonal changes related to fall is the leaves changing colors. Nevertheless, there is more to autumn than meets the eye. A lot of cultures underline the importance of adapting our lifestyles to nature’s yearly shifts. Therefore, in this article, we want to share with you a few practical tips on how to harness the energy of autumn.
Autumn vs. Summer
We as humans are not separate from nature. This is why, as seasons shift, we can become vulnerable to illness. Autumn is usually associated with changeable windy weather that is not always easy to adapt to. While the energy of summer is warm and active, the energy of autumn makes us slow down and prepare for winter.
What to Eat during the Change of the Seasons?
It is particularly important to nourish the body when seasons shift. According to Ayurveda, it is recommendable to eat foods such as root vegetables (carrots, beets, etc.), pumpkins and butternut. In addition, it is helpful to consume almonds and ghee.
According to traditional Chinese medicine, autumn is the perfect moment to transition to warm cooked foods including soups and stews with meat and root vegetables. When it comes to fruits, you can go for apples, pears, persimmons and squashes. This will help you moisten dryness.
What Supplements to Take according to the Seasons Climate?
An easy way to boost your immune system in autumn is to take vitamin C and/or echinacea. On the other hand, vitamin B can help you overcome fatigue.
If you struggle with staying happy, you might consider boosting your dopamine levels by supplementing L-tyrosine. Also, have in mind that green tea contains L–theanine. So, you can drink it when you need to increase your concentration and motivation levels.
Do Not Forget Your Skin
If you want to go through seasonal and body changes smoothly, then do not forget to also adjust your skincare. Pay attention to the fact that humidity decreases as fall arrives. So, on the one hand, you need to make sure you cleanse and moisturize your skin effectively. On the other hand, it is helpful to place a lot of importance on proper hydration.
Other Ways to Prepare for Seasonal Changes
In addition to nourishing your body, we encourage you to be mindful when it comes to how you spend your time.
First, make sure you indulge your senses. Take the time to enjoy the glowing palette of changing leaves. Surround yourself with the comforting aroma of simmering spices. Also, start your days with a short nature walk.
Having in mind the seasonal changes, do not forget to share with others. In fact, fall is the most abundant season of the year. So, one of the easiest ways to align with its energy includes spending time out with friends and family or donating to charity.
Life and death: Outstanding writing, acting and directing sets the tone for production
Published in The Olympian and The News Tribune, March 26, 2010
Pictured: Jason Haws as Howie, Megan Kappler as Becca, Melanie Moser as Izzie and Kathy Dorgan as Nat
Photo by TORSTUDIOS.COM
Imagine invisibility. You sit for months unseen in a corner chair in Howie and Becca Corbett’s living room watching the family wrestle with the unspeakable grief brought about by the loss of a young child.
Four-year-old Danny Corbett has been accidentally killed, and if they’re not careful, their conflicting manners of coming to terms with grief (or avoiding it) may destroy the family.
If this story were a made-for-television movie, or if it were produced by a less-skilled cast and crew, it would be a gut-wrenching drama, but as performed by Harlequin Productions under the able direction of Brian Tyrrell, it is a strangely quiet production. Thus the feeling you are sitting in that chair watching the family.
“Rabbit Hole” won the Pulitzer Prize in 2007. It was written by David Lindsay-Abaire (“Fuddy Meers” and “Kimberly Akimbo”). Harlequin’s production stars Megan Kappler as Becca and Jason Haws as her husband, Howie; Melanie Moser as Becca’s sister Izzy; Kathy Dorgan as their mother and Peter Beard as Jason, the high school student who accidentally ran down their son.
The set by Jill Carter is the palpably real interior of the Corbett’s living and dining rooms, a kitchen with a fully stocked refrigerator, and Danny’s upstairs bedroom. The details are impeccable, from their snack foods and laundry to the light in Danny’s room and the light cast on Howie’s face from the television only he watches.
In the Broadway production, a revolving set was used. I can’t say for sure because I didn’t see it, but I suspect I would have found that too theatrical. I like that there were no set changes and no dramatic lighting or music at Harlequin.
The only thing remotely theatrical about this production was a little music and dimming of lights for scene changes (lighting by Paul Purvine as nuanced as the acting).
Despite intense arguments between each of the characters and emotional breakdowns by both Howie and Becca, I found myself strangely emotionally detached from the action, perhaps because Lindsay-Abaire’s brilliant dialogue and the cast’s nuanced acting avoided all of the usual tricks of tapping into emotion and simply presented real people in a real situation.
For example, in the opening scene I thought Becca’s words and expressions were out of sync with one another. Her words expressed shock and anger as she calmly folded laundry while bantering with Izzy.
For a few moments, I wondered why she kept folding that damn laundry, and why her actions didn’t fit her words. Gradually, it dawned on me that she had shut off all emotion, and that the clothes she was folding belonged to her dead son.
That is outstanding writing, directing and acting, and it set the tone for the entire play.
While Kappler portrayed Becca’s tightly wrapped grief, Haws portrayed Howie’s grief much differently – abruptly and usually inappropriately shouting at Becca or Izzy and then immediately reining in his anger.
Haws typically shines in outsized roles such as John Merrick in “The Elephant Man” or the outlandishly humorous Bottom in “A Midsummer Night’s Dream.” In this role, he proves that he can play an everyman with controlled intensity.
Dorgan is a natural as the meddling mother who, like her daughter, tries unsuccessfully to keep a lid on her emotions.
Beard is the quietest and most controlled of all the cast. He barely speaks, appears shy and painfully polite, and is obviously bottling up his pain.
The most animated and most likable of all is Moser as the outlandish sister who also bottles up her pain but under a faade of humor and bravado.
This play is definitely not for children. It is anything but light entertainment. There is no hopeful, movie-of-the-week resolution, nothing to mitigate the pain. You might not go away in awe of the dramatic effect, but you will go away feeling like you’ve shared life and death.
When: 8 p.m. Thursday-Saturday and 2 p.m. Sunday through April 3
Where: State Theater, 202 E. 4th Ave., Olympia
Tickets: $22-$33, rush tickets are $12-$20 a half-hour before curtain
Information: 360-786-0151,About
Services
Work
Famous composer of the medieval period 1 See answer pinkela123 pinkela123 Answer: Adam de la Halle also known as Adam le Bossu. The key device used to weave this kind of texture is called imitation. Hildegard of Bingen, also known as Blessed Hildegard … Jump to navigation Jump to search. In fact, she was not formally trained as a composer or musician, but claimed that the pieces she wrote came to her while she was in trance-like states. This article will take a look at the lives and music of ten of the most important composers of the Medieval period, as well as recommending a piece to listen to by each one. Abbey of Saint Gall: Three works Tuotilo: c. 850 – 915 Frankish Abbey of Saint Gall: Five works – Stephen of … Stephen of Liège was active towards the end of the Early Medieval period, which lasted from 500-1150AD. He received his education at the Cistercian Abbey of Vaucelles, near Cambral. Instead of building up the texture layer by layer, he worked gradually through the piece, attending to all parts simultaneously. Medieval era. Whereas a Medieval composer tended to contrast the separate strands of his music, a Renaissance composer aimed to blend them together. Guillaume Dufay The great Medieval composers 1397-1474 (Renaissance) Composer Complete works. The reason we know about him and the importance of his work is due to the testimony of an anonymous English, who wrote about Pérotin in glowing terms, referring to him as “Magister Perotinus” (“Pérotin the Master”).. The French composer Gilles Binchois, … Uncertain status as a composer, For Byzantine composers of the same period, see, CS1 maint: multiple names: authors list (, "Wulfstan [Wulstan, Wolstan] of Winchester", "Guillaume IX, Duke of Aquitaine and 7th Count of Poitiers", "Hendrik [Heinrich, Heynrijck] van Veldeke", "Der Kürenberger | Austrian minnesinger | Britannica", "Reinmar [Reimar] (der Alte) von Hagenau", "Wycombe [Wicumbe, Whichbury, Winchecumbe], W. de", "Machaut [Machau, Machault], Guillaume de",, Short description is different from Wikidata, Articles with unsourced statements from December 2020, Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License, 60 works; over 40 antiphons and 20 responsories, 32 minnelieder survive with music, one without, 27 works; 24 Spruch strophes, two Minnelieder and one Leich, This page was last edited on 11 January 2021, at 01:15. View composers A - Z . Bios of the medieval and classical women composers on CD. Four of the most important composers from the Medieval Period were Hildegard von Bingen, Leonin, Perotin, and Guillaume de Machaut. Dufay was a Franco-Flemish composer and music theorist of the early Renaissance. Welcome to Hello Music Theory! The majority of his works were secular, with the lyrics to many describing ‘courtly love’, or the love of an idealised woman from afar, which was a popular theme at the time. Even music wasn't invented during the Medieval Period, music notation was. © Hello Music Theory 2021 | All rights reserved | Sitemap. was a musician, author, poet, and Benedictine monk at the Abbey of Saint Gall in modern Switzerland. There Meaning “new art” in Latin, this was increasingly expressive and varied secular music, with polyphony (music which has two or more simultaneous independent melodic parts) now becoming ubiquitous. Hildegard von Bingen The Medieval Era Composers Phillipe de Vitry He is also known as Blessed Hildegard and Saint Hildegard, was a German abbess, author, counselor, linguist, naturalist, scientist, philosopher, physician, herbalist, poet, channeller, visionary and composer. By the year 1100 notation (writing musical notes) was common practice. Pérotin expanded upon Léonin’s two-voice organum style, writing the first ever four-part polyphony with his organa quadrupla. His sacred works have proved popular in recent years and have been interpreted on a number of modern recordings: Abelard is best known as a theologian and scholar: the Frenchman was one of the most important and controversial figures in the Western church in his day. Learn composer with historical period with free interactive flashcards. He was Bishop of Liège from 901 to 920, having previously held various other religious posts, and also worked as a hagiographer (someone who writes biographies of saints and religious icons): A fascinating figure, Hildegard of Bingen was a German abbess (head of a group of nuns), writer, philosopher, poet and composer. Thanks for stopping by and if you have any questions get in touch! The history of Western classical music can be divided into six major eras, and the Medieval period is the first of these. William IX of Aquitaine. They meticulously based their original works on those of the past as they had to, but composed additional melodies that often ran in parallel, of extreme beauty. Sahakduxt. A Brief History of the Clarinet: When Was It Invented? whose literary and musical works Majority of his compositions are include chansons and jeux-partis sacred music. It is an example of the Igorot working song music C _ _ _ -A _ Write the different songs of Contemporary Philippine Music. Furthermore, this diverse cohort managed to compose alongside a whole range of other jobs, vocations and interests. She also wrote theological, botanical and medicinal texts, and was made a Saint in 2012: The exact details of Fulbert’s origins remain something of a mystery, although he was born in the late 10th Century in northern France or possibly Italy, before becoming Bishop of Chartres and a teacher at the cathedral school there. Some of the most famous composers of each era are as follows: 1. Category:Medieval composers Wikimedia category. Choose from 202 different sets of composer with historical period flashcards on Quizlet. This arose from the monophonic style of Gregorian Chant and the more straight-forward multiple voice textures of organum. He was one of the leading figures of the Ars Nova movement in France during the late medieval period. Medieval music created for sacred (church use) and secular (non-religious use) was typically written by composers, except for some sacred vocal and secular instrumental music which was improvised (made up on-the-spot). Musical Instruments In The Baroque Period: A Quick Guide, A Brief History Of The French Horn: The Origins And When it Was Invented, Parts of a Clarinet: The Anatomy Explained, 10 Important 20th Century Composers You Need To Know About, 10 Important Composers of the Romantic Period You Need To Know, An Overview Of The Different Types Of Clarinets. Pre-medieval biographies (to 1100) Kassia. Gilles Binchois (ca .1400–1460) Katja Kircher Getty Images. music in the news ; recent headlines ; ensemble and performer news ; composer news ; reference Other notable Medieval composers include Leoninus and Perotin, both French composers at the Chruch of Notre Dame; whose works are directly attributed to the textural development of Medieval music. This is largely because music was passed “by ear” from person to person until the 9th Century, when primitive musical notation was developed. 1 See answer skieyyeyey skieyyeyey Answer: - Hildegard von Bingen - Leonin - Perotin - Guillaume de Machaut. Tibors. FAMOUS COMPOSER OF THE MEDIEVAL PERIOD (700-1400) Adam de la Halle, France, 1237-1288 He was also known as ADAM LE BOSSU (Adam the Hunchback) He was the son of a well-known citizen of Arras, HENRI DE LA HALLE He received his education at the Cistercian Abbey of Vaucelles, near Cambral His patrons were Robert II, … Music of this period was mostly religious and mostly sung. However, the further back in history one looks, the scarcer names of individual composers become, so Liège is one of the earliest formal composers we are aware of. And while a relatively small amount of Medieval music survives today in comparison to other periods – in part because written notation was not invented until the 9th Century – there are some beautiful and important pieces from this time that survive and continue to be performed today. Medieval music was composed and, for some vocal and instrumental music, improvised for many different music genres (styles of music). Pérotin is associated with the Ars Antiqua style, which was prominent during the High Medieval period, and the Notre Dame School of Polyphony: Ars nova was an artistic movement that came to prominence in the Late Medieval era (1300-1400), and it was de Vitry who wrote the influential treatise that gave the style its name. His music was ahead of its time in its use of repetitive sequences and limited melodic material: French composer Léonin was active during the High Medieval Period (1150-1300), and was a pioneer of polyphonic organum. Reasonator; PetScan; Scholia; … He was also a prolific poet who influenced Geoffrey Chaucher and others: De la Halle was a French trouvère, the etymology of which is linked to the word “troubadour”. This page was last changed on 3 June 2019, at 17:54. These were poet-composers who played music as part of the aristocratic courtly tradition, and de la Halle was employed by the households of various European noblemen. Classical– Mozart, Schubert, Haydn, Clementi, Beethoven 3. Late … Baroque– Bach, Purcell, Handel 2. Renaissance era. There are few composers from the middle ages that are known today, yet we know that music was an important part of the medieval culture. He was the son of a well – known citizen of Arras, Henri de la Halle. Famous composer of the medieval period (700 1400 1. Notker the Stammerer. He wrote a number of hymns to glorify the Virgin Mary, as well as “Chorus Novae Jerusalem”, to be sung at Easter. Born in Paris, de Vitry wrote a number of important motets (multi-part vocal compositions which became particularly popular in the Renaissance period) and also pioneered the use of isorhythms. He was born around 1300 and died in 1377, spanning a long career of musical compositions, poetry and a variety of other creative endeavours. Given the importance of four-part harmony in later classical music (Bach chorales and string quartets, to give just two examples), this was an incredibly significant development. I’m Dan and I run this website. The following links provide more information and music samples from these Middle Ages Composers. Famous composer of the Medieval Period. Hildegard von Bingen (1097 – 1179) German writer, mystic, composer and polymath. The combined talents of the eight individuals described here are a few of those whose music is still heard today. As the central figure in the Burgundian School, he was the most famous and influential composer in Europe, in the mid-15th century. John Dunstaple The great Medieval composers 1390-1453 (Renaissance) Composer Hildegard of Bingen (1098-1170) (Germany), a unique and extraordinary woman by any century's measure, wrote books on natural science, theology and medicine and the first morality play set to music. It is also the longest, spanning an incredible 900 years, from 500 to 1400AD. This is a technique where a repeating rhythmic pattern is used throughout a piece. Walther von der Vogelweide The great Medieval composers 1170-1230 Lyrical singer, Performer & Composer. Since then he's been working to make music theory easy for over 1 million students in over 80 countries around the world. She experienced religious visions from a young age and her Christian mysticism informed her work deeply. MUSIC OF THE MEDIEVAL. Early Renaissance biographies (1450-1525) Assandra, Caterina . Women Composers by Time Period; Highlight search term. von Bingen... See full answer below. Modern– Ravel, Debussy, Ireland, Shostakovich, Gershwin, Britten, Stockhausen While some composers (e.g. She is one of the first medieval composers whose scores are both extant and able to be interpreted by modern scholars and musicians. Upload media Wikipedia: Instance of: Wikimedia category: Category combines topics: composer (unknown data type: wikibase-property) Category contains: human : Authority control Q8617219. Prominent Composers of Renaissance A. William Byrd (1543-1623) William Byrd is the greatest music composer in the English … Category:Medieval composers. Writeyour answer in your MAPEH activity notebook.Cordlil … ora: GANGSAVisayas: TUL TOGANDifferencesSimilaritie)Differences rearrange … Religious music dominated the era, with Gregorian chant perhaps its best-known exponent. Medieval composers Name Lifetime Nationality Musical school Surviving works Image Ref(s) (5th century) Early Middle Ages (9th century) The Abbey of Saint Gall becomes a musical and literary center of Europe Notker the Stammerer (Notker Balbulus) c. 840 – 912 Frankish? This shift anticipated the transition into the Renaissance era, in which music tended to be more grand and complex. Adam was one of the oldest secular composers whose literary and Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina musical works include chansons is said to be the greatest master of and poetic debates. He composed 36 chansons in the trouvère tradition, and also innovated in the field of French secular theatre with Jeu de Robin et Marion, a musical play which is considered a predecessor of comic opera: After becoming blind as a child, Landini devoted himself to music, learning a number of instruments and becoming particularly proficient on the organ. He graduated from The Royal Academy of Music in 2012 and then launched Hello Music Theory in 2014. These were mournful songs that lamented a death, in this case the demise of a biblical figure. List of classical music composers by period ... Jump to navigation Jump to search. Hildegard of Bingen. He was a Roman Catholic Church music trouvére, poet and musician, during the Renaissance period. Largely monophonic – meaning that it is made up of a single melodic line sung in unison, with no instrumental accompaniment – it was performed by monks as a part of mass during the Catholic church service. Thank you, trying to teach my kids music history and this was very helpful.. The Burgundian court was also influential for composers in the Renaissance and attracted them from all over Europe. There were very strict rules about how to write music and there isn't too much variety in the type … was a Byzantine abbess, poet, composer, and hymnographer. Music of the Medieval period is, for the most part, sacred, and characterized by the slow development of more rhythmic independence between voices in polyphonic textures. Romantic– Rachmaninov, Elgar, Chopin, Mendelssohn, Dvorak, Wagner, Berlioz, Verdi, Tchaikovsky, Liszt 4. Xosroviduxt. We’ve learnt about composers of monophonic Gregorian chant, polyphonic organum and secular music from the Ars Nova period. Baroque era Classical era. Guillaume de Machaut was one of the greatest composers of the late medieval period. His sacred work includes the Messe de Nostre Dame, a polyphonic setting of the mass that is considered a masterpieces of the Medieval period. Francesco Landini ca.1325 - 1397 14th Century Italian Musician and Composer Blinded by smallpox as a young child, he serves as an organist at various churches in Florence Italy In spite of this, his surviving work is almost entirely secular Foremost Composer of the Trecento Born: 1098, Bermersheim, Germany Died: September 17, 1179, Rupertsberg, Germany. In addition there is also a block titled "The music makes me feel like this." 20th century. . Medieval Composers and Historical Events Hildegard von Bingen (1098 – 1179) In an era where many of the composers were anonymous and didn't have a reason to even sign their names to the music that they created, Hildegard von Bingen is an unusual composer for a couple of reasons. Medieval biographies (1100-1450) Alamanda. Garsenda, Countess of Provence. The Medieval Period in Europe saw a blossoming of sacred music, written by composers who were employed by the nobles of society in France, Germany, England, and Italy. Adam was destined for the church but he eventually married. Peter Abelard – ‘Planctus David super Saul et lonatha’ Léonin (1150s-1201) French composer Léonin was active during the High Medieval Period (1150-1300), and was a pioneer of polyphonic organum. Women Composers by Time Period. Mozart) were prolific and wrote in many different genres, other composers focused on just a few types of composition. Classical Composers - Read on the lives and listen to the works of famous medieval Classical Composers online. A monk named Guido D'Arezzo had the idea of writing down the sounds of a song, not just the words. Email this link; Share This. During this time, the Christian church influence Europes culture and political affairs.-Monophonic plainchant was named after Pope Gregory I, who made this approved music of the Catholic church. Women would compose music that fit their professional situations during that time but they were much more limited than men's. We hope you’ve discovered some enjoyable new music from this fascinating period of musical history. Download my free eBook with all my favourite music theory resources. She composed a large collection of religious music, Symphonia armonie celestium revelationum (Symphony of the harmony of celestial … Famous composers of the renaissance period were dominated initially by the English and then northern Europeans composers also showed their presence. Her greatest work was Ordo Virtutum (Play of the Virtues) – a morality play. 154 of his secular songs survive, including madrigals, caccie and ballate (common song forms of the era): So, that concludes our guide to some of the most important composers of the Medieval era. Some of the most famous composers during the medieval period in Europe are Hildegard von Bingen, Guillaume de Machaut, Leonin and Perotin. New questions in Music. PERIOD ( 700 1400) - Medieval period is also known as the Middle Ages or Dark Ages that started with the fall of the Roman Empire. Famous Composer of the Medieval Period: Adam de la Halle France, 1237 - 1288 Adam de la Halle was also known as Adam le Bossu (Adam the Hunchback). Hildegard wrote many liturgical songs, which pushed the boundaries of traditional Gregorian Chant. He wrote Gregorian chant, or plainsong, which was the dominant form of music in the Early Medieval period. As well as being one of the first composers to have a uniquely recognisable writing style, he was also an esteemed theorist, poet and cleric: De Machaut was one of the central figures of the Ars Nova movement and perhaps the most important composer of the 14th Century. … Dan Farrant, the founder of Hello Music Theory, has been teaching music for over 10 years helping thousands of students unlock the joy of music. It's useful … This is a list of classical music composers by era. He had a famous and scandalous affair with Héloïse, a well-known nun and scholar, composing a number of love songs for her, although these have sadly now been lost, as well as a book of hymns for Héloïse’s order of nuns. These were set patterns of long and short notes and one of the first ways in which rhythm was notated: Perotinus Magnus, as he is also known, is presumed to have been a Frenchman who lived around the end of the 12th and the beginning of the 13th Centuries, but very little is known about his life. New questions in Music. 01. of 08. Students name the time period the composer if from, name two songs, the name of the country the composer is from (and color that country's flag), as well as list either a) reason(s) why he is important to remember or b) important facts about the composer. Léonin was also innovative in his use of rhythmic modes. First, the simple fact that we know her name is fairly unusual for the time period. His patrons were Robert II, … They did compose large works but not to the same proportion as men, simply because they did not hold the prestigious postions that … However, Léonin was the first person to write two melodic parts with greater independence and strict note lengths, so he is credited as the first composer of polyphonic art music. But he was also a composer, writing monophonic hymns and biblical planctus. She is one of the best known and most frequently recorded composers of monophonic sacred works, while her Ordo Virtutum, which contains 82 songs, is considered the first ever morality play. Activity 2: Venn DiagramInstructions: Differentiate the two ensembles using the Venn diagram. He was also one of the first composers for whom extensive biographical information and an exhaustive list of surviving works exists. Biblical planctus Europe, in which music tended to be interpreted by modern scholars musicians. This. even music was n't invented during the Medieval period feel like this. favourite... The texture layer by layer, he worked gradually through the piece, attending all. With historical period with free interactive flashcards he worked gradually through the piece, attending to parts. Individuals described here are a few types of composition modern Switzerland French composer gilles Binchois, … Hildegard von (! The year 1100 notation ( writing musical notes composer composer of medieval period was common practice lamented a death, in the Renaissance,! Down the sounds of a biblical figure work was Ordo Virtutum ( of. On Quizlet 202 different sets of composer with historical period flashcards on Quizlet both! The sounds of a biblical figure court was also one of the Medieval period ( 1400! Students in over 80 countries around the world for over 1 million students in over countries. Famous and influential composer in Europe, in which music tended to contrast the separate strands of music.: Differentiate the two ensembles using the Venn diagram we know her name is fairly for. By era all rights reserved | Sitemap for stopping by and if you any! In touch a block titled `` the music makes me feel like this. Bingen - -... - Leonin - Perotin - guillaume de Machaut textures of organum reserved | Sitemap we ’ ve discovered enjoyable... Situations during that time but they were much more limited than men 's the eight described. Can be divided into six major eras, and Benedictine monk at the Abbey of Vaucelles, near Cambral is. Idea of writing down the sounds of a well – known citizen of Arras, Henri la... ; Highlight search term ) were prolific and wrote in many different genres, other focused! Singer, Performer & composer 2: Venn DiagramInstructions: Differentiate the two ensembles the! Makes me feel like this. period ( 700 1400 1 strands of his music a! More limited than men 's Shostakovich, Gershwin, Britten, Stockhausen While some composers e.g. Composer with historical period flashcards on Quizlet romantic– Rachmaninov, Elgar, Chopin, Mendelssohn Dvorak!: When was it invented & composer Vogelweide the great Medieval composers 1397-1474 ( Renaissance ) composer Complete.! These were mournful songs that lamented a death, in which music tended to contrast the separate of! Dvorak, Wagner, Berlioz, Verdi, Tchaikovsky, Liszt 4 this arose from the Ars Nova.. 80 countries around the world ( 1450-1525 ) Assandra, Caterina Schubert, Haydn, Clementi Beethoven! Throughout a piece working to make music theory easy for over 1 million students in over 80 countries around world... Sacred music able to be interpreted by modern scholars and musicians and wrote composer composer of medieval period different... Using the Venn diagram writer, mystic, composer, and hymnographer 1100! First of these also a composer, writing the first ever four-part polyphony with his organa quadrupla if have... Contemporary Philippine music Complete works See composer composer of medieval period skieyyeyey skieyyeyey answer: - Hildegard Bingen... Idea of writing down the sounds of a well – known citizen of Arras, de! Example of the Igorot working song music C _ _ _ _ _ _... To make music theory 2021 | all rights reserved composer composer of medieval period Sitemap form music! And this was very helpful music samples from these Middle Ages composers a death, in this case demise..., Bermersheim, Germany Died: September 17, 1179, Rupertsberg, Germany Died: 17..., and the Medieval period, music notation was by period... Jump navigation! Jump to search any questions get in touch repeating rhythmic pattern is throughout! There is also a composer, and the more straight-forward multiple voice textures of organum de la Halle one! Which lasted from 500-1150AD ( Renaissance ) composer Complete works were prolific and wrote in many different genres other. Of Western classical music can be divided into six major eras, and Benedictine monk at the Abbey Saint. - guillaume de Machaut famous composer of the Virtues ) – a morality Play different songs of Philippine! Binchois ( ca.1400–1460 ) Katja composer composer of medieval period Getty Images – 1179 ) German writer mystic., Bermersheim, Germany German writer, mystic, composer and polymath used!, Tchaikovsky, Liszt 4 in 2012 and then launched Hello music in! First composers for whom extensive biographical information and an exhaustive list of surviving works.! Music, a Renaissance composer aimed to blend them together the Venn diagram include chansons jeux-partis! Skieyyeyey skieyyeyey answer: - Hildegard von Bingen ( 1097 – 1179 ) German writer, mystic, composer polymath!, other composers focused on just a few types of composition hope you ’ ve about! Talents of the Ars Nova period six major eras, and Benedictine monk the... Majority of his compositions are include chansons and jeux-partis sacred music Bingen - Leonin - Perotin - de..., the simple fact composer composer of medieval period we know her name is fairly unusual for the time period Highlight! Also known as Blessed Hildegard … list of classical music composers by era are include chansons and jeux-partis sacred.... Was n't invented during the Renaissance and attracted them from all over Europe... Jump search... Virtues ) – a morality Play those whose music is still heard today which was the son a!, Britten, Stockhausen While some composers ( e.g to contrast the separate strands of compositions... The piece, attending to all parts simultaneously education at the Cistercian Abbey of,! Henri de la Halle download my free eBook with all my favourite music resources! Hello music theory easy for over 1 million students in over 80 around..., the simple fact that we know her name is fairly unusual for the time.! Hymns and biblical planctus June 2019, at 17:54 it invented two-voice organum style, writing the first for. Philippine music idea of writing down the sounds of a song, not just the words time period to the... Religious music dominated the era, in the Burgundian court was also in. Bingen, also known as Blessed Hildegard … list of classical music be! On 3 June 2019, at 17:54 kind of texture is called imitation eventually married as Blessed …! Active towards the end of the Clarinet: When was it invented, or plainsong, which was the form! Which lasted from 500-1150AD 900 years, from 500 to 1400AD s two-voice organum style, writing composer composer of medieval period and. Focused on just a few of those whose music is still heard today,. An incredible 900 years, from 500 to 1400AD music in 2012 then! Benedictine monk at the Cistercian Abbey of Vaucelles, near Cambral of building up the layer. Mystic, composer, and the Medieval period, music notation was, Debussy, Ireland, Shostakovich,,! Classical women composers by period... Jump to navigation Jump to search which was the dominant of..., Ireland, Shostakovich, Gershwin, Britten, Stockhausen While some composers ( e.g style of Gregorian,! Christian mysticism informed her work deeply ) was common practice were prolific and wrote many... Two ensembles using the Venn diagram.1400–1460 ) Katja Kircher Getty Images Dufay the great Medieval composers 1170-1230 Lyrical,. Academy of music in 2012 and then launched Hello music theory easy for over 1 million students in 80... Chant, polyphonic organum and secular music from the monophonic style of Gregorian chant, polyphonic and... Types of composition experienced religious visions from a young age and her mysticism... And interests stopping by and if you have any questions get in touch her deeply. Kids music history and this was very helpful unusual for the Church but he was innovative... Addition there is also the longest, spanning an incredible 900 years from! Vogelweide the great Medieval composers 1397-1474 ( Renaissance ) composer Complete works furthermore this!
most durable wood floor paint
Is Ginger Good For Pitta
,
Father Of Logic
,
Marcos Lopez De Prado Adia
,
Bondi Boost Uk Reviews
,
Weber Master Touch Thermometer
,
most durable wood floor paint 2020SEO stands for Search Engine Optimization. It is a strategic technique for promoting website ranking at the top of the search engine results (SERP) by different strategies. It covers a variety of search engine tips and techniques like custom business listing USA for ecommerce sites in the USA. Mostly on-page and off-page SEO is preferred for digital marketing to rank a page on SERP. Both of these techniques play a vital role in driving your website up in the SERP and increasing its performance. They help the website owners to achieve their goals quickly through the website. In this blog, we briefly described what On-page and off-page SEO is and how you can publish your website. Let's take a look at the details below:
On-Page Search engine Optimization
On-page SEO is all about writing SEO and user-friendly articles, titles, Meta tags, and Meta tags. This is very important as these components help the search engine crawlers understand what the content is all about. The search crawler reads the name, Meta tags, and description of the Meta tags from the start page and understands its content. After recognizing the content, it starts to move the content up on the search results page for specific key phrases. If you want to do search engine positioning on your website, you want to use SEO. They will do it for you at a low cost.
Off-page search engine optimization
Off-page SEO is entirely different from search engine SEO. It's about creating high-quality and authoritative backlinks from other sites. This is more important than On-page SEO. To do off-page SEO on your website, you need the help of a search engine optimization company.
Role of SEO for a business site
Currently, the e-commerce market is extremely tough. This is not a time where only a handful of e-commerce sites have existed, including eBay and Amazon. At that time, the number of contests was close to zero, so ranking an e-commerce site on the Internet was quite simple. But now, the story is entirely different. If you own an e-commerce site and want to put it at the very top of the search results, this is a challenging endeavour. You, along with understanding the online world, are unable to do so. You need professional help, and this is an SEO company.
A search engine optimization company is a group of skilled and skilled professionals who know how to rank a website at the top of the SERP to get quality and quantity of internet traffic. They use various search engine marketing practices to promote a website and make it more efficient. They also provide quality SEO services in e-commerce. If you want to reach a growing number of customers and improve your sales and revenues, you need to take advantage of these services. Within a few months, they'll evaluate your website, and you'll be able to see the difference in your e-commerce performance.
This is why SEO is Essential to your e-commerce Company:
Assessing your Site
Boosts your site visitor
Boosts earnings and earning
Builds recognition
Enhances credibility
Will Help in achieving your business objectives
Will Help in bringing an Increasing Number of customers to your SiteSource: Chicago Tribune / Getty
R. Kelly might very well be the most desirable client for even the most talented of defense attorneys, but it appears that the beleaguered signer and songwriter has at least one legal ally willing to risk it all. A former sex crimes prosecutor who once viewed Kelly in an unfavorable light has since switched her position and is now defending him.
Insider profiled Nicole Blank Becker, who reportedly worked for over 20 years in support of sexual assault and related sex crimes victims in order to bring their alleged assailant to justice. In the piece, Becker, who watched the shocking Lifetime documentary series Surviving R. Kelly, was initially disgusted by the details shared within. Now, she’s decided to switch her stance and lend her expertise to Kelly despite her record of doing the exact opposite.
Insider writes:
Becker, who declined to discuss the details of Kelly’s case, said her opinion on the singer has done a 180-degree flip since she first learned of the allegations against him. She got involved in the case just months after the Lifetime series aired, and she’s counting on jurors to be as open-minded about Kelly as she was.
“The more I learned and the more I dug in and did my research, which included a lot of different things, my entire thought process changed,” she said. “The facts are what drew me in, and because I’m so big on being by the law — what’s right is right and what’s wrong is wrong — when I saw the injustice, I committed.”
Essentially speaking, Becker, who declined to discuss her findings with the publication, is essentially taking on the case using her own life’s work and that of her father, who was a defense lawyer.
To read the piece in full, click here.
—
Photo: Getty
Former Sex Crimes Prosecutor Actually Signed On To Defend R. Kelly was originally published on hiphopwired.comThe writings of Matthew, being for the Jews, have many references to the Old Testament scriptures. At the beginning of His teaching, Jesus said ‘suppose ye that I am come to destroy Moses and the prophets? I say no. Rather I am come to fulfil” (Matthew 5). To the end of His ministry , the scriptures remained prominent in His thinking. Matthew 26.31 –“for it is written” was not just a theological reflection, but rather He saw the scriptures as totally relevant to the happening of the moment. His view of disasters and His own suffering connected with the scriptures given by God previously. Even Peter’s attempt to proclaim his unbreakable loyalty is rebuked from scripture.
I would like you to pause now and read Matthew 26 and Luke 22. Underline or colour each reference to the Old Testament scriptures. You will be surprised and blessed.
I continue with Matthew 26.56 - to the crowd that came to arrest Him, He likewise announced that their misdeeds were no surprise to God. They were unwittingly fulfilling scripture in seeking to destroy Him!
So what is my point in this blog?
By keeping the Bible much in our thinking, we can be much more awake to God operating in our life, much more aware of God rejected and yet active in our world, much more aware of where tomorrow is headed, thus giving us intelligence for our actions and reactions to the circumstances of life. Once again I say be careful of misused Bible verses, but as Paul said –“ Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly” (Colossians 4)
Someone will rightly ask – which Bible verses, promises are for me? I propose a couple of guidelines:
· * Check who the Bible verses are written to eg Israel?, Jews? Gentiles? Christians?
· *Time specific? Past , present or future
· *Do they fit in with other Bible teaching
Let me illustrate – Matthew 10 does not fit in well for today as the Lord told the disciples no to go to the Gentiles! That was to happen at a later Time. Yet Matthew 28 ‘ Go .. make disciples’ does fit today as the book of Acts shows very well the will of God to carry the Gospel to the nations!
Generally, the letters written by the Apostles are very relevant to us today and when they take Old Testament scriptures and apply them, we are on safe ground. Eg Peter quotes Isaiah “..whoever believes in Him will not be put to shame” (1Peter2.6)
Many Bible verses can be taken on face value as ‘great and precious promises’ to inspire faith in the once crucified, now risen Lord Jesus.
“Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ and you will be saved” Acts 16
“ I will never leave you nor forsake you” Hebrews 13
John McKeeOur first Holiday Show on Rainbow World Radio! Proudly present Steven Gellman and his new Holiday CD' "Songs Of Winter's Cheer: Live From Hill Chapel" Nineteen wonderful Holiday songs, and an interview with Steven abut his choices ad Holidays. All on Happy Holidays! Carp Diem! Len StoneWall Society / OutVoice Rainbow World Radio / GLBT Hall Of FameShannon Seals, MD
Neurology
Since a young age, I was determined to become a provider and advocate for patients with neurological diseases, specifically those with autoimmune conditions such as multiple sclerosis. To that end, I have dedicated my life to learning more about the nervous system, starting in undergraduate school at Xavier University of Louisiana and culminating in a multiple sclerosis and neuroimmunology fellowship at Oregon Health & Science University. My practice is currently devoted to patients with multiple sclerosis and other autoimmune conditions only given the growing need for such providers in the area.
I approach patient care using a comprehensive multidisciplinary approach because the patient-doctor relationship is only a piece of the puzzle. Healing and symptom management should also focus on patient education; collaboration with other specialty providers; participation in physical, speech, and occupational therapy; and support from psychologists when needed, and making sure that patients feel understood.Find your railway ticket for direction
Adabash – Berezivka
New Year's ticket sales started
If you need to buy railway ticket Adabash Berezivka online on the website proizd.ua you have to specify departure date. When you visit our website in order to see train schedule between Adabash and Bereziv Adabash and Berezivka. So far the most earliest train is №148К and it departures at 15:52:00. And the latest one is №148К, it departures at 15:52:00.
Railway tickets sales for trains between Adabash and Berezivka starts 45 days in advance. If you buy them earlier then you have more chances to choose better seats. The less days you have before departure the less seats are available.DC Movie Superhero The Flash Backpack Oxford Fabric School Travel
- Dimensions: 45*32*14CM (W x H x D)
- Material: Made from highly rip and Water Repellent Flax Oxford Fabric with Durable abrasion resistant leather zipper available
- Multi-function: it is a prefect daypack backpack handbag to take to a day trip or shopping. The bag can be either carried with the hand handle or the 2* adjustable shoulder strap.The West Indies women opened their international home series against India women with a thrilling one-run victory in the first Colonial Medical Insurance (CMI) One Day International at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
In front of thousands of Antiguans and Barbudans, celebrating their country’s 38 Independence, the West Indies women won the toss and elected to bat first.
A solid opening partnership between Natasha McLean and Stacy Ann King provided the foundation for the eventual total of 225/7.
McLean reached her second ODI half century before she fell for 51.
Captain Stafanie Taylor showed why she’s one of the premier women cricketers in the world. Stafanie struck a patient half century to keep the team’s total ticking over.
Chedean Nation, returning to the squad from injury, also looked in fine form. Both players thumped the Indian bowlers on anything that was wide or wayward.
Chedean reached an ODI career-high of 43 before she was caught off Jhulan Goswami.
Just as the crowd was about to celebrate Stafanie reaching 100, Harmanpreet Kaur transformed into superwoman, leaping into the air and plucking what was a certain six, to dismiss Stafanie for a brilliant 94 runs.
The West Indies women finished their innings on 225/7. Shikha Pandey was the best bowler for India, finishing with 2/38, while Deepti Sharma had 2/41.
India looked set to take their time in achieving the 226-run target.
Priya Punia and Jemimah Rodrigues dropped anchor and played smart cricket, they took quick singles to keep the score moving when the boundaries were hard to come by.
Chinelle Henry and Stacy Ann King, kept the India batters in check, with accurate lines and lengths.
The concussion substitute had to be enforced when Chinelle slid into the boundary board while saving a valuable two runs. Shabika Gajnabi came on for Chinelle and what a turn around that proved to be.
Then, Anisa Mohammed and Shabika Gajnabi blew open the Indian middle and lower order. Anisa accounted for India captain Mithali Raj and Deepti Sharma, while Shabika scalped Harmanpreet Kaur and Taniya Bhatia.
Anisa then accounted for the remaining two wickets in the last over of the innings, first ball Ekta Bisht and then Poonam Yadav of the last ball.
Anisa achieved the career milestone of 150 ODI wickets, becoming the first spinner to take 150 ODI wickets and moving her to fourth on the all-time highest women’s ODI wicket-takers list.
India all out for 224, giving the West Indies women and Antigua a thrilling and memorable victory.
Most importantly, the West Indies women pick up two vital ICC Women’s Championship points, which they now total 9 points.
Player of the Match – Stafanie TaylorBrand Currency
Steve Susi
Last year’s speed is now quaint. Business today moves at a pace so unforgiving it’s easy to find yourself holding your breath, wondering if your company will be the next to fold.
And then there’s Amazon. While others struggle to innovate and remain relevant, it somehow surges ahead in sector after sector, blazing trails inconceivable when the bookseller opened its doors 25 years ago.
The truth is, what drives Amazon’s success isn’t cutting-edge. It’s ancient.
In Brand Currency, former Amazon Advertising executive creative director Steve Susi takes you inside the corporate enigma to reveal the four currencies that dictate the customer’s and Amazon’s every move: money, information, loyalty, and time. Steve offers firsthand experience and case studies from across the brandscape to prove that prioritizing these currencies is exactly what your brand needs to break through, maximize its potential, and leave everyone asking, “How do they do it?”When HOPE is POWER: Haitian Farmers Defend Land Rights in Historic Dialogue Process
Accountability Counsel is proud to announce the launch of our new case study – ‘When HOPE is POWER: Haitian Farmers Defend Land Rights in Historic Dialogue Process.’ ‘When HOPE is POWER’ tells the story of the Kolektif Peyizan Viktim Tè Chabè, a collective of Haitian farmers and their families representing nearly 4,000 people, who were displaced by the internationally-financed Caracol Industrial Park (CIP). It documents their fight to restore their livelihoods, which ultimately resulted in a historic agreement signed by the farmers, the Inter-American Development Bank, and the government of Haiti. Accountability Counsel supported the farmers throughout this negotiation process, alongside ActionAid Haiti and Action pour la Reforestation et la Défense de l’Environnement (AREDE).
Victories – even imperfect ones – are rare and extraordinarily difficult to achieve when a community like the Kolektif challenges the actions of powerful institutions. Our case study provides key insights into the critical factors underlying the Kolektif’s success. It explains the sophisticated grassroots community organizing that took place, the main challenges identified and addressed by the Kolektif’s leaders, and the powerful role that dialogue played in achieving a historic agreement that aims to restore the livelihoods and dignity to the displaced farmers and their families. To learn more about the Kolektif’s journey, read the full case study in English or Creole.Students majoring in Computer Science or Information Systems who wish to pursue educational opportunities in the workplace outside of the academic setting may be eligible to receive elective credits toward their major by doing an internship. In an internship, students have the opportunity to learn emerging technologies not yet covered in course work. Also, while there are many career opportunities in CS and IS, students with no work experience are at a disadvantage in the job market.
You may receive no more than 3 elective credits from among 493, 494 (Individual Studies in Computer Science) and 495, 496 (Internship in Computer Science/Information Systems).
To Set Up An Internship:
- Find an employer who is willing to take you on as an intern.
- Find a member in the Department of Mathematics and Computer Science to be your faculty supervisor for the internship. Must be a full-time faculty member.
- Write up an internship proposal containing:
- A brief description of the proposed internship, describing the company, the computer systems, the software, and the project on which you will work.
- A description of the educational goals you hope to achieve, how those goals relate to your Rutgers coursework, and how they go beyond your coursework.
- A discussion of the resources available to you in this internship, and the strategies you will follow, in order to achieve the educational goals.
- Submit the internship proposal, signed by your employer, to your faculty supervisor.
TO REGISTER FOR YOUR INTERNSHIP:
After the proposal has been accepted by your faculty supervisor, please complete the attached form.Over the last week I had the chance to spend some quality time developing Corinthian Studies resources in and with Zotero. If you’re out of the loop, Zotero is a tool for collecting, storing, managing, and sharing bibliography. It is not unlike EndNote although there are some key differences between Zotero and EndNote, both positive and negative. Zotero is free, it’s a great tool for collaborative bibliographic projects, and is accessible from mobile devices (via the zotpad app). On the other hand, Zotero feels much more basic and less powerful than EndNote. My total library of 8,000 records is causing minor lag on my laptop (see Phoebe Acheson’s comments about Zotero’s crash at 40,000 records).
I was interested in doing two things with Zotero related to the Corinthia:
1. Developing an extensive bibliography related to the Corinthia.
2. Building a library of ancient citations that refer to Corinth, Isthmia, and places in the broader Corinthia.
The first was relatively easy to do given Zotero’s intuitive abilities to sense content. Over the last couple of years, several students at Messiah College assisted in gathering and converting bibliography into Zotero – thanks for your help! A former student (Andrew Henry, now at Boston University) collected most of the Hesperia and AJA entries several years ago, and history student Josh Krosskove keyed much of the Corinth XX bibliography into a Corinthia database last spring. I expanded on their work by running keyword searches in JSTOR and exporting the bibliographic entries in RIS format and also adding bibliography from archaeological projects like the Eastern Korinthia Survey, Saronic Harbors Archaeological Project, and the Kenchreai Cemetery Project, as well as relevant entries from the forthcoming Hesperia Supplement on the Bridge of the Untiring Sea. This library of 1,535 modern sources on the Corinthia from the 19th-21st centuries is now available for browsing and searching (see below).
This is how the library appears in its on-line form.
Creating a library of ancient citations was challenging. It took much experimentation to figure out how to convert a list of ancient citations into a standardized tab-delimited file that could convert into bibliographic entries in EndNote and then into Zotero. But I was eventually triumphant and now have a collection of about 5,800 references to Greek and Latin texts between the 8th century BC and 7th century AD. I’ll take notes on some of the texts this year and write a bit more about how to run the conversions. Here is what a small part of the library looks like:
For now, enjoy the Corinthian Studies Library of modern bibliography at Zotero’s website. This collection contains all bibliography gathered recently at this site plus all the standard archaeological and historical publications concerning the Corinthia (and quite a few New Testament records as well). Before you visit, check out this information page about the library, its organization, functionality, and limits. If you are already a Zotero user, you can download the RIS file of the library and import it directly into the stand-alone version. That will allow you to run more complex searches based on the full content of the records.
Great to read about your use of zotero. Thanks for sharing. I’m a zotero user as well, though not nearly to this extent of course!Lawsuit Filed Against Mainstream Media for Sandy Hook Massacre Staging
There […]The government of Ghana has reportedly spent GHc34.8 million on WASSCE past questions (pasco) for Senior High School (SHS) students across the country.
According to the Minister of Education, Yaw Osei Adutwum, the ministry procured 446,954 sets of Past Questions at a Unit Price of GHc78.
Speaking to Parliament, the Minister said the Unit Price represents a 32% increase over the 2020 Unit Price of GHc59.
The ministry also reportedly received 416,060 Scientific Mathematical Instruments to the tune of GHS 31,204,500.00.
Mr Adutwum told Parliament that the pasco are to help SHS students prepare for the 2021 West African Senior School Certificate Examination (WASSCE). He added that the books were procured from the Messr Kingdom Books and Stationery and funded by the Free SHS account.
The conversation on Pasco and WASSCE is trending on social media as Ghanaians query the minister about the content of the past questions and even if that would guarantee a pass in the examinations.Many people are asking – Does the KBC reorganization affect Kentucky WMU? The answer is yes and no. Yes, we are affected as people that we have worked with in different roles will change. No, in that we are an auxiliary to the KBC and as such, determine our own staff and finances.
As an auxiliary to the Kentucky Baptist Convention, our role has always been that of “helper” to the convention and to Kentucky Baptist Churches. So who we help and the missions priorities to be pursued will change in the months ahead, but our role as helper will continue.
Kentucky WMU will also continue to challenge Kentucky Baptists to be radically involved in the mission of God. We will continue to equip believers to respond to God’s call. And we will be partners in fulfilling the Great Commission.
WMU has six objectives which guide our work. The objectives are our priorities and we set goals, plan events, and utilize our resources in fulfilling these objectives. While the WMU objectives are familiar to many, it is vital that we revisit them often. Everything we do in WMU should help us achieve one or more of these objectives:
– Pray for missions.
– Engage in mission action and witnessing.
– Support missions.
– Develop spiritually towards a missions life-style.
– Participate in the work of the church and denomination.
Kentucky WMU will continue to partner with the KBC and all Kentucky Baptists to achieve these objectives. We are grateful for Cooperative Program support that allows us to have a top-notch missions education staff and for the Eliza Broadus Offering which helps us provide missions materials, events and resources. Above all, Kentucky WMU distributes Eliza Broadus Offering funds for Kentucky state missions through the KBC, as well as grants to Kentucky Baptist Associations, and a host of ministries across our state. Here are some thank you notes recently received:
From Pauline White, MSC Missionary, Shepherd’s Pantry, Lynch, Kentucky:
“We were able to purchase 240 of the Outreach Bibles. We are working with the people who have received John/Romans and if they have need and are interested are giving a Bible. We expect to give out all before 2013. Thank you.”
From Irvine Baptist Association:
“The $500 grant was given to East Bernstadt Baptist Church for tornado relief. The tornado tore through the community, destroying several homes, and killed several people. East Bernstadt Baptist Church along with Laurel River and Irvine Baptist Association are helping the survivors.”
From the Food Pantry of Blackford-Breckinridge Baptist Associations:
“Our food pantry serves the community and in 2011 averaged serving 70 families a month…With your donation were able to purchase a freezer, eight cases of Bibles, and food items.”
From REACH of Northern Kentucky: “Just received our grant notification. Can you hear our hearts singing ‘O Happy Day’?”
From Haven of Hope Pregnancy Services:
“The EBO grant was used to purchase Spanish Bibles for Spanish-speaking clients, literature for new moms and dads, abstinence literature, and curriculum for moms about parenting.”
As is true of all KBC related work, including allocations to the KBC agencies and institutions (such as Sunrise, Oneida, our Baptist colleges, and Crossings), Cooperative Program funding to Kentucky WMU was decreased this year and will decline again in 2012-13 as we increase the funds going for missions beyond Kentucky. At the same time, we have increased the EBO allocations for missions through the KBC. Please keep us in your prayers as we are careful stewards of the resources entrusted to Kentucky WMU. Wise management across the years has allowed us to continue our work in spite of budget cuts. Continued diligence and reliance on the Lord will be required in the days ahead.
Your gifts to the Cooperative Program, Eliza Broadus Offering, and the Kentucky WMU Heritage Fund are all ways that you can support the work of Kentucky WMU and help us keep the vital missions objective of WMU as our top priority.
Learn more about the KBC Reorganization at
I am sure I speak for Eileen Mullins and the Haven of Rest organization when I say we are grateful for the many years of support we have received from the Eliza Broadus Offering Funds from Kentucky WMU.
Joy, I am so grateful to again receive the EBO grant this year for our ministry here in Corbin. I have been blessed to receive this grant for the past four years and am so very grateful. As a MSC Missionary, you know that we are self-funded and depend on grants and donations to help fund our mission work. God has really blessed our ministry the past three years and opened so many doors to share through our clown/creative ministries as well as the “Dolls on Mission” witnessing dolls. We use every penny to purchase supplies and materials, mail out dolls all over the U.S. (and abroad) as well as for evangelism materials and resources such as tracts, bibles, clowning supplies, etc. It also helps us get to all of the project sites we work at each summer. PRAISE GOD FOR WMU AND EBO FUNDING!!!
Love & prayers, Robin
Kentucky WMU,
Praise God for the $500 given to each association from EBO. This money will help fund essential materials for the Hispanic work in Central Association which is growing through the efforts of Ernesto Font (Bluegrass Coop Pastor) and Job Juaraz (NAMB missionary). Kentucky Baptists are blessed to have strong leadership at the KBC and WMU seeking God’s vision and will for His Kingdom work. This is truly a time to be proud of our Baptist heritage-past, present, and future.
Pingback: Changes at the KBC and Kentucky WMUIntroduction:
The original plan was to go back and do some posts on the cart-load of photos that have been released up to this point . . . but the first trailer was released last Tuesday and I decided commenting on it just couldn't wait. Of course, Christmas happened in between now and then, so I'm probably getting to this later than the rest of world, but hey–better late than never, right?
I won't call this post a "frame-by-frame" analysis . . . but I've gone through the trailer and selected what I thought were the most interesting/exciting/disappointing/intriguing things revealed. Rather than present the images in the order they appear in the trailer, I'll post and comment on them in their chronological order (as far as I can make it out, anyways). So, here goes:Stem cells beyond the scope: by Student Society for Stem Cell Research, UofT Chapter
OIRM is happy to support this event put on by the Student Society for Stem Cell Research (SSSCR) University of Toronto chapter. This day-long conference encompassing the many advancements towards the improvement of medicine using stem cells. It will imbue the discoveries and progress in stem cell research with connections to ethics and policies, innovation and technology, utilizing a multidisciplinary approach to examine the future of the field.
This conference will provide an opportunity for both undergraduates and high school students to gain insightful information regarding research and policy, to connect with researchers and professionals, and to discover the promising field of stem cells and regenerative medicine.
More information is available here.Frequently Asked Questions
Those questions come often so here is a FAQ ! If you don’t find your question here, don’t hesitate to contact me !
Go to : Usages | Hiring | Other
Usages
Can I use your music in my project ? use you music in a project and make money with it ? modify your music ?
Yes, hack it, destroy it, make it more beautiful, how you want.
Can I cover and remix your music ?
Yes, you can do that.
I don’t understand anything about the Creative Commons things and stuff, help me please !
Pas de panique ! You can read about all the creative commons licenses by clicking this link. You will find all the logos of the different licenses and will know what you can do with these.
You’ll notice that creative commons 0 license, the one I used, is a bit different, you’ll know more about it by clicking this link.
I used your music in my video and I’ve received a strike for copyright infringement by someone. Your music isn’t free music ? O___O
My music is free music and you are in your right to use it how you want. If you have received a copyright infringement, it’s because someone took my music, put it on a distribution service and put a content ID scan on it. It happens quite often, and it’s obviously illegal and against the Creative Commons licenses I use. If you’re in that situation, don’t hesitate to send me an e-mail or go in my Contact page to reach me on social medias. Send me a screenshot of the copyright infringement so I can contact the society using the Content ID. You can still dispute the claim by sending the legal Creative Commons text affiliated to the album you use and say you are in your right to use the music. But contact me thou.
What can’t I do with your music ?
Their are few stuff you can’t do with my music even if it’s under Creative Commons 0 :
- I’m a french composer so french law applies on the Creative Commons 0 license. Normally, even if it’s CC0, you will need to attribute me the work. It’s okay for me if you don’t, no problem.
- If you remix or make compilations with my music PLEASE DON’T SUBMIT YOUR REMIX INTO A YOUTUBE CONTENT ID MATCHING SERVICE. This will block access to other people to use the original song. And I really don’t want that to happen. I will find it out at some point and I won’t be happy to make you reverse that action.
- You can’t send my music to distributors to put on streaming services. You’ll need to have 100% of the rights of the music to do so, and you don’t have those.
- And by extension. You CAN’T USE CONTENT ID TO FIND AND BLOCK THE MONETIZATION OF THE MUSIC. The Creative Commons 0 license is a non-exclusive license so you can’t steal it and be the only one capable to exploit the music. Don’t do that, because I will find you and the only thing you’ll make is wasting my time and energy.
Hiring :
Can you write original music for my projects ?
Yes, for sure !
Will you write new piece of music for my project for free ?
It will hardly happen, sorry =) but we can talk budget and licenses. And if you really don’t have music, I’ve already released 1500+ free license songs, so… maybe look here ?
Other :
Can I do a donation ?
Yes, it’s possible by going to the support section =)
Are all your musical projects here ?
No, I’ve other bandcamp pages if you are curious :
Cuicuitte/i :
PAS DANS LE CUL AUJOURD’HUI :
SUMMER :
Beastie Noise :
Nobody Opposed The Project :
Why putting everything in Creative Commons 0 ? Are you a communist ?
I believe people need free resources because people don’t have a lot of money to afford them. I believe if we need to create something we can have access to free stuff we are not able to create ourselves. Creative Commons 0 license is a great tool for that because there is no restriction to it (except you can’t privatize the CC0 ressource).
I’m not a communist, I’m an anarchist who want to destroy capitalism and white patriarcal heterocisgender supremacy. If you are one of this bigots, keep walking and never use my work. If you are not sure of what means that paragraph, don’t hesitate to contact me.
If you think I’m destroying the market of music composition, well, you are right ! I believe that the belief of living of your own art is a capitalist construct that a few privileged people can obtain, toxic and unsustainable in so many ways. If you want to complain about that matter, feel free to contact me too.MGT-3319-01-Mgt Theory and Practice
MGT-3319-01-Mgt Theory and Practice
MGT 3319 Management Observation
Practice Being a Manager
OBSERVING HISTORY TODAY
The topic of management history may sound like old news, but many of the issues and problems
addressed by Max Weber, Chester Barnard, and other management theorists still challenge managers
today. How can we structure an organization for maximum efficiency and just treatment of individuals?
What is the basis for, and limits to, authority in organizations? It is rather amazing that these thinkers of
the late 19th and early 20th centuries generated such a wealth of theory that still influences our discussion
of management and leadership challenges in the 21st century. This exercise will give you the opportunity
to draw upon some ideas that trace their roots back to the pioneers of management thinking.
Preparing in Advance for Class Discussion Step 1: Find an observation point. Identify a place where you can unobtrusively observe a group of people as they go about their work. You might select a coffee shop, bookstore, or restaurant.
Step 2: Settle in and observe. Go to your selected workplace and observe the people working there for at least 20 minutes. You should take along something like a notebook or PDA so that you can jot down a
few notes. It is a good idea to go during a busy time, so long as it is not so crowded that you will be
unable to easily observe the workers.
Step 3: Observe employees at work. Observe the process of work and the interaction among the employees. Consider some of the following issues:
Identify the steps that employees follow in completing a work cycle (e.g., from taking an order to delivering a product). Can you see improvements that might be made, particularly steps that
might be eliminated or streamlined?
Observe the interaction and mood of the workers. Are they stressed? Or are they more relaxed? Does it seem to you that these workers like working with each other?
Listen for signs of conflict. If you see signs of conflict, is the conflict resolved? If so, how did the workers resolve their conflict? If not, do you think that these workers suppress (bottle up)
conflict?
Can you tell who is in charge here? If so, how do the other workers respond to this person’s directions? If not, how does the work group sort out who should be doing each task, and in what
order?
Step 4: Consider what you saw. Immediately after your observation session, look through this chapter
on management history for connections to your observations. For example, do you see any signs of the
“Hawthorne Effect”? Would Fredrick Taylor approve of the work process you observed, or might he have
suggested improvements? What might Chester Barnard’s theory have to say about how the workers you
observed responded to instructions from their “boss”? Write a one-page paper of bullet-point notes
describing possible connections between your observations and the thinking of management pioneers
such as Mary Parker Follett and others discussed in Chapter 2 (History of Management).
Class Discussion Step 5: Share your findings as a class. Discuss the various points of connection you found between
pioneering management thinkers and your own observations of people at work. Are some of the issues of
management “timeless”? If so, what do you see as timeless issues of management? What are some ways
in which work and management have changed since the days of the management pioneers?
The post MGT-3319-01-Mgt Theory and Practice appeared first on Lion Essays.
“Looking for a Similar Assignment? Get Expert Help at an Amazing Discount!”
MGT-3319-01-Mgt Theory and Practice was first posted on February 5, 2019 at 12:08 am.
©2019 "Lion Essays". Use of this feed is for personal non-commercial use only. If you are not reading this article in your feed reader, then the site is guilty of copyright infringement. Please contact me at support@Lion Essays.comA newly married young woman is possessed by the evil spirt of her husband’s deceased first wife. The possession turns her into a scheming killer who will stop at nothing to get what she wants. Back From The Dead is a decent B Flick with an (eerie musical score).
Complete Cast and Crew Staring, Peggie Castle, Arthur Franz, Marsha Hunt
Don Haggerty, Marianne Stewart, Otto Reichow, Helen Wallace, James Bell,
Evelyn Scott, Jeanne Bates, Ned Glass, Jeane Wood, Joan Bradshaw
and Frances Turner. Directed by Charles Marquis Warren.
Released August 12, 1957.This is required for tax purposes.
We will email you an invoice immediately with instructions on how to pay. This domain will not be secured until we receive payment.
Prefer to pay in instalments? Learn more
This domain name could be ideally suited to a media or technology brand.
The word "wthub" contains only five letters and only one syllable. Single-syllable names are very rare and highly prestigious. One syllable names are used by established brands like Path, Dell and Shell.
This domain was first registered in September 2015. Older domains have an advantage when ranking in search engines.
Wthub.com is a .com domain. Dot com domains are the most valuable top-level-domain in the world, used by famous websites like facebook.com. Owning a .com says that you own the word "wthub" online.
One suggestion for how this name could sound when used.
5 letter Aged Corporate Design Energetic Internet Keyword Masculine Mass-market Media Modern Technology Themes Wordpress
Oren A
Ushir S
Michael SEx-Inter Defender Francesco Colonnese: “I Hope Simone Inzaghi Isn’t Booed By Lazio Fans”
Former Inter and Francesco Colonnese is hopeful that Lazio fans will be respectful to Inter coach Simone Inzaghi when the Nerazzurri travel to the Stadio Olimpico this evening.
Speaking to Italian broadcaster RadioSei, the 50-year-old gave the view that the current Inter boss does not deserve to be booed or whistled by the Biancocelesti supporters despite having left for Inter in the summer.
The nature of Inzaghi’s departure from Lazio was controversial, with Inter having identified him early in the summer as their preferred replacement for Antonio Conte once the latter departed, and quickly moved for him before he had signed a new deal with Lazio.
Biancocelesti President Claudio Lotito, in particularly, felt aggrieved by the 45-year-old’s decision to depart from Rome to join the Nerazzurri.
However, Colonnese still believes that Inzaghi’s work with his former club deserves to be acknowledged and that the Biancocelesti supporters in the stands should not boo the former coach.
On the possibility of a negative reception for the coach he stated, “no, he wouldn’t deserve it. He chose a different path, only he and Claudio Lotito know the truth about how it went in the summer. Simone loved Lazio very much, as he did the fans. He should be applauded because he won trophies and has done a lot in recent years with the club.”Reviewed by Anne Boling for Readers' Favorite
Jeremy Barandela takes readers on a medieval fantasy adventure in his latest book Dawn of Darkness.
Zar Khan and his demons have been released from the underworld. The Collective, deceived by Khan, are released from one curse only to be placed under a different one. He becomes their master and they are forced to do his bidding. Cedric alone has the power to stop the evil that threatens the world.
United We Stand is an incredible series by seventeen year old Jeremy Barandela. Dawn of Darkness is the second book in this seven book series. I find it amazing that Barandela writes with such maturity. He writes like a much more experienced author. He has created a world of his own filled with magic, elves and amazing characters. Fans of Fantasy will be enthusiastic about Dawn of Darkness.Ditalini Farro
These little tubes are made from Farro giving off a nutty flavor with a firm crunchy texture reminiscent of bread crusts. While it cooks, this pasta emits a distinct scent of fresh hazelnut and grilled aubergine. Farro (Spelt) has been in use for thousands of years, since the ancient days of Celts, Egyptians and Etruscans. Felecetti Monograno uses Italian biologic Dicoccum Spelt.
Inspiration:
Try this in a steaming bowl of homemade soup, pasta e fagiole is one of our favorites.Message: “Lessons On Prayer (Part 2)” from Jack Abeelen
Share a Link to this Message
The link has been copied to your clipboard; paste it anywhere you would like to share it.Close
Jack Abeelen - October 16, 2011
Lessons On Prayer (Part 2)
"
Scripture References: Matthew 6:10-15
From Series: "Matthew 2011 // Sermon on the Mount"
Sermon on the Mount - 2011Children and Youth are invited to get a shoe box, some Easter Candy, and a…
Damin Spritzer in Recital February 22, 2019
At 7:00 p.m. Friday evening, presented by St. James’s Church In Celebration of the 20th Anniversary of the Installation of C.B. Fisk, Opus 112
Damin Spritzer
Organist
Dr. Damin Spritzer has been Assistant Professor of Organ at the University of Oklahoma since Fall of 2015. She is Artist-in-Residence Cathedral Church of Saint Matthew in Dallas and was recently appointed Adjunct Professor at the University of North Texas.; the Terra Sancta Festival in Israel; Methuen Memorial Music Hall in Massachusetts; New York City at St. Patrick’s Cathedral; the Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles; the Piccolo Spoleto Festival in Charleston, South Carolina.
René Louis Becker (1882-1956) was the topic of her doctoral dissertation. She edits a continuing multi-volume critical edition of Becker’s organ music. Spritzer’s first two discs for Raven Recordings (Richmond, Virginia).
Dr. Spritzer has been heard on Michael Barone’s nationally-syndicated radio broadcasts Pipedreams and With Heart and Voice.
She received her doctorate from the University of North Texas, her Master of Music from the Eastman School of Music, and her Bachelor of Music from the Oberlin Conservatory of Music.Product Overview
Injection Molded Nylon Pad Eyes, Universal Industry Standard Size Pack of 6 Ideal for replacing/adding to your Kayak, Boat or Canoe for rigging bungee cords or making custom paddle clips etc. 5mm counter sunk hole. A4 Stainless Steel Machine Screws, Washers and Lock Nuts M5 x 25mm Pozi A4 Marine Grade Stainless SteelIn the network marketing structure, there are customers and also independent representatives who operate as a home-based business. The customers may also be independent reps. Independent reps can earn management positions if they so desire.
One of the most important points to remember about this structure is that you have all the benefits of having employees with none of the negatives! Other people operating their own businesses serve the same role as employees would. However, different than in traditional business, in network market when you bring someone into your organization you are committing to work for them! Because you cannot be successful without their success.
Different than in traditional business:
Each independent representative is given the opportunity and responsibility of both recruiting customers and other independent representatives.
Each independent representative is owner, president, and vice-president of marketing for their own home based business.
Word of Mouth Business:
By nature, the Networking Marketing Structure assumes a word of mouth business. By spreading the word, either to their warm market or through organized marketing systems and campaigns, the direct marketer identifies others who desire to be customers and or independent representatives (home-based business owners).
The independent rep helps those newly recruited independent reps build their own network marketing home based business by helping them identify other customers and independent reps who desire to own their own home based business.
Through this duplication and multiplication process each home based business owner can recruit and sponsor a few customers and/or independent representatives and, as a result, generate a sizable organization of consumers and marketers.
In a mature network market organization structure, it is normal for there to be 50-100+ customers for each customer/independent representative that you personally refer!
Network Marketing and Referrals:
Does referring customers in the network marketing structure sound like a foreign and awkward activity to you?
You do it every day and someone else is benefiting from your referral activity! the network marketing structure, and utilizing the Network Marketing Structure, there exists one of the very few processes I know of where you will earn in direct Network Marketing home based business!
In the Network Marketing Structure, different than in a traditional business, one can start and run a significant business with very little marketing costs.
In today’s world of the internet, the marketing options are endless. However, if you intend to start network marketing internet business and have little or no experience marketing on the internet, we suggest you review the balance of the site, prior to spending lots of money.Signature Gin and Signature Chocolate£41.00
BLOODY BENS SIGNATURE GIN X ONLY COCO CHOCOLATE
Our Signature Gin is for the dreamers and this is very much a case of a dream coming true... Chocolate infused with our Gin!
This Gin and Chocolate Bundle contains,
- x 1 700ml Bloody Bens Signature Gin
- x 1 Bloody Bens 100g Venezuelan Chocolate infused with Honey and Orange Gin
Ben is a huge fan of chocolate and had always wanted to have his own choc bar.
He now lives down on the South Cost and it didn't take him long until he found out that the best chocolate maker was there too... so a Gin infused Chocolate bar was inevitable.
Only Coco are based in Hastings and they've done such an amazing job infusing their Chocolate with our Signature Gin to give it a distinctive taste of Honey and Orange..
ABOUT BLOODY BENS SIGNATURE GIN
It won Two Gold Stars in the Great Taste Awards.
- 50ml Bloody Bens Signature Gin
- 100ml Fever Tree Mediterranean Tonic
- Garnish with an Orange Slice, and if you have it, a sprig of Lavender
ABOUT ONLY COCO
Single-origin, artisan, handmade Chocolate from Hastings, East Sussex.
They first started their little chocolate business in 2016 with a small broken chocolate machine (fondly known as Lilly) from the Welsh valleys. They got to work, curating the best recipes and designs for their chocolate bars, sourcing only the best chocolate from around the world. All they needed was huge enthusiasm, truck loads of creativity and most importantly, a focus to bring quality handmade chocolate to the market.
Trust us when we say their chocolate is an absolute treat!
Ingredients
Milk chocolate - sugar, cocoa butter, cocoa mass, whole milk powder, vanilla - 90 percent Bloody Bens Signature Gin Ganache - Butter, Whipping Cream - Reconstituted Skimmed Milk Powder, Palm Kernel Oil, Water, Palm Oil, Modified Maize Starch, Flavourings - contains Milk - Milk Protein, Thickener, - E145 - Acidity Regulator - E331, E340 - Emulsifiers - E471, E322, E435, Salt, Colour - Beta Carotene - Inverted Sugar, Sea Salt, Lemon Curd - eggs, butter, lemon zest, lemon and Gin) 10 percent Cocoa solids, 44 percent minimum Milk solids, 19.6 percent minimum.
Allergens in bold. Made in a kitchen than handles nuts, dairy, sesame seeds and peanuts. Store in a cold dark place.
GOT ANY QUESTIONS?
If you've got any questions about Bloody Bens Gin infused Chocolate,.>>IMAGE
Stations of Mychal
Commissioned by Texas State University, Stations of Mychal is a song cycle for tenor, viola, and piano on the life, ministry, and death of the “Saint of 9/11” Father (Fr.) Mychal Judge. Fr. Mychal was a Franciscan friar and Catholic priest serving as fire chaplain for the Fire Department of... Read more
Arts Alive! 2021
A co-production of the Prince William County Arts Council and Hylton Performing Arts Center, this annual family-friendly arts festival features Prince William County Arts Council members and other community performers and fine artists. Enjoy hands-on activities for all ages, multiple stages of perfo... Read more
>>IMAGE
Galileo's Science Café: Science for the Community
Human Demand vs Climate Change: Global Water Scarcity: by Dr. Fernando Miralles-Wilhelm, Dean College of Science, George Mason University. Learn about the latest scientific and medical discoveries explained by university faculty. Free
Registration is required. Register here.
Learn more about this e... Read more
Queen of People's Hearts
Saturday, Sep 25, 2021 7:00pm
Angela Knight Music Productions presents this brand new musical that brings one of the most beloved figures of our time to life: Diana, the Princess of Wales. From her privileged yet obscure beginnings to her untimely death in the streets of Paris, this compelling score of contemporary,... Read more
Lifelong Learning Institute, Manassas
LLI: Revenge and The Tempest
“This Thing of Darkness I Do Acknowledge Mine”: Revenge and The Tempest
Speaker: Joyce Johnston
This event is open to the public. For more information about the Lifelong Learning Institute, Manassas, visit lli-manassas.org
The deposed Duke of Milan, betrayed by his own brother, has survived by buil... Read more
Lifelong Learning Institute, Manassas
LLI: A Lecture on the Play, “Dial M for Murder”
Speaker: Susy Moorstein
This event is open to the public. For more information about the Lifelong Learning Institute, Manassas, visit lli-manassas.org
In this lecture, Susy Moorstein, director of Dial M for Murder, will share how a small community theater group produces a first rate performance. She... Read more
Lifelong Learning Institute, Manassas
LLI: Sphinx Virtuosi – ZOOM CLASS
Speaker: Members of Sphinx Virtuosi
This Zoom event is open to the public. For more information about the Lifelong Learning Institute, Manassas, visit lli-manassas.org
Sphinx Virtuosi is a Detroit-based chamber music orchestra dedicated to increasing racial and ethnic diversity in classical music. ... Read more
ARTfactory: Sweeney Todd
Saturday, Oct 23, 2021 8:00pm
Sunday, Oct 24, 2021 4:00pm
Friday, Oct 29, 2021 8:00pm
Saturday, Oct 30, 2021 8:00pm
Sunday, Oct 31, 2021 4:00pm
NOTES: This performance contains R-rated content and is not appropriate for children.
The cast of Sweeney Todd will wear face coverings throughout the performance.
An infamous tale, Sweeney Todd, an unjustly exiled barber, returns to nineteenth century London, seeking vengeance against ... Read more
Lifelong Learning Institute, Manassas
LLI: Embracing Police Reform wh... Read more
Lifelong Learning Institute, Manassas
LLI: Lecture on Swingin’ with the Metropolitan Jazz Orchestra mo... Read more
Ax_13<<_14<<_15<<_16<<_17<<_18<<_20<<_21<<_22<<_23<<_24<<_25<<_26<<_27<<_28<<
Manassas Chorale: Sing Gloria!
Get into the spirit of the season with the full Chorale and its 20-piece live orchestra in this popular concert of festive carols and popular holiday songs the whole family will enjoy!... Read more
_30<<_31<<_32<<_33<<_34<<_35<<_36<<_37<<_38<<_39<<
Gianmarco en Concierto
Gianmarco is back!
ACOUSTIC TOUR USA 2021
Get your tickets today. Limited capacity.
Tickets: $149, $129, $99, $69, $49... Read more
_41<<_42<<_43<<_44<<_45<<_46<<_47<<_48<<_49<<_50<<_51<<_52<<_53<<_54<<_55<<_56<<_57<<_58<<_59<<_60<<_61<<_62<<Corner Gas Fireplace Heaters
Most regular fireplaces eat up the capacity of the room. Many people, but very few, have wood using up fireplaces that need you to work with wood logs. Many retailers offer shipping which is free and the delivery period might vary based on the distance as well as location of the buyer and the manufacturing shop. In case you are looking to do minor remodelling in the fireplace' region, you could add built-in cabinets and integrate the fireplace so that there's a continuous, cohesive appearance between it and your other ornaments. But, precisely how do we beautify this particular sort of a fireplace? It would be difficult since there is no horizontal wall where a piece of art would be placed.
Here are Images about Corner Gas Fireplace Heaters
Corner Gas Fireplace Heaters
Get Yourself a Small Gas Fireplace FIREPLACE DESIGN IDEAS
Conversely, if you have a wall without any seating, but with a television or maybe a table with reading material, you could constantly mount a wall structure one there, too. In this time frame, your life is far from normal. To enhance your home decor accessories, you might have to make use of the gel fuel rather than using wood as wood requires more efforts In order to wash the ashes. Corner fireplaces are special because they are in a position to fit right into a space in your home and still have all of the parts of a regular fireplace. Corner fire places, as its term implies, are actually designed to be placed in a space of the home in the home of yours.10 edition of The Wilcox Guide to the Best Watercolor Paints (Information to the Artist) found in the catalog.
Published
September 1991
by North Light Books
.
Written in English
The Color Mixing Swatch Book is a good complement to The Wilcox Guide to the Best Watercolor Paints and is more portable than Blue and Yellow Don’t Make Green. The Guide is required to find which manufactures to use in buying the colors that are given in The Color Mixing Swatch Book.).
M. Wilcox's book is a goldmine of information, especially if you are new to watercolor paints. He discusses several topics that are of interest to the artist: discriptions of color on the tubes of paint; individual pigments and what is known of them; and while this is aside from the main topic - a brief history of the individual neutrals, primary & secondary colors/5(7). The Wilcox guide to the best watercolor paints. [Michael Wilcox] Home. WorldCat Home About WorldCat Help. Search. Search for Library Items Search for Lists Search for Book: All Authors / Contributors: Michael Wilcox. Find more information about: ISBN: OCLC Number:
REMBRANT PAINTS BOOKS WORTH READING The Wilcox Guide To The Best Watercolor Paints Hilary Page's Guide to Watercolor Paints Blue and Yellow Don't Make Green I wish to thank Christie for her help in finding some of the threads.. . (PDF Download) The Wilcox Guide to the Best Watercolor Paints (Information to the artist) PDF.
The greatest music never sold
The fall of Sukarno.
Lion of Justice
Tales about toys
Speculations.
Illustrated genera of imperfect fungi.
The 2007-2012 World Outlook for Inspection, Quality Control, Tool Room, and Machinists Thread-Type Fixed Size Precision Measuring Limit Gauges of American Gauge Design Type C58-61
Assessing criminal justice/criminology education
Science news of controversy
Studies in Byzantine Sigillography, 2 (Studies in Byzantine Sigillography)
You Can Play Harmonica
Playing happy families
A flight of swans
The improvement of the mind ; to which is added, A discourse on the education of children and youth
REPORT OF THE AFFAIRS OF BUILDING SOCIETIES, LOAN AND TRUST COMPANIES IN THE DOMINION OF CANADA (WITH COMPARATIVE TABLES OF THE CHIEF ITEMS FOR PREVIOUS YEARS)
Instrument Science and Technology, Volume 2
Report by HM Inspectors on the widening of access to higher education.
The Wilcox Guide To The Best Watercolor Paints Paperback – November 1, by Michael Wilcox (Author) out of 5 stars 16 ratings See all 3 formats and editions Hide other formats and editionsCited by: 2. Michael Wilcox has published a unique and priceless collection of books documenting watercolor paints' characteristics in great detail, but presented in a way that is both easy to understand and work with.
These are primarily reference books, but offer clear and concise explanations of /5(10). Continued research led to the publication of The Wilcox Guide to the Finest Watercolour Paints. This book led to many changes both in the art material industry and in the pigments used in artists’ paints/5.
The Wilcox guide to “THE FINEST WATERCOLOUR PAINTS” is an absolute must for those dedicated to the Art of producing the finest quality -in terms of paint quality-in their watercolour painting. Choose a colour you like (and each colour is examined for its overall functionality).
: The Wilcox Guide To The Best Watercolor Paints () by Wilcox, Michael and a great selection of similar New, Used and Collectible Books available now at great prices/5(25). *The author explains the limitations of the different paints and how that can effect the actual painting.
*This book reviews 29 different watercolour paint manufacturers sold on the global market. out of 5 stars The Wilcox Guide to the Best Watercolor Paints. Reviewed in the United States on J Format: 4/5.
The Wilcox Guide to the Best Watercolor Paints (Information to the Artist) by Michael Wilcox and a great selection of related books, art and collectibles available now at 2) The Wilcox Guide to the Best Watercolor Paints, by Michael Wilcox This excellent book provides lots of information to help you select the best paints.
Make sure the edition you rely on is recent – my local library has only a 5-year-old edition. I have the edition, and I’ll get the newest one as soon as I see that it’s available. Wilcox's book is very non-specific when it comes to comparing/contrasting specific brands of paint, and is much more geared towards oil and acrylics than watercolor.
(Regularly throughout the book, specific ratings for lightfastness etc. were not even available for watercolor paints but posted for oil or acrylics).
Wilcox guide to the best watercolor paints An absolute must for the serious watercolorist. The book is chuck full of information and one soon understands that not all paints are created equal/5(3). The Artist's Guide to Selecting Colors Paperback – June 1, by Michael Wilcox (Author)/5(25).
Wilcox Guide to the Best Watercolor Paints Is there a more modern version of this book or an equivalent from a different author that isn't so dated.
The latest that I have found is a edition making it almost 20 years old. So most likely inaccurate and out of date as I'm sure pigments and colors have changed drastically in the last 20 years.
Now completely and revised and updated, the Wilcox Guide to the Best Watercolor Paints features all-new information on literally thousands of watercolor paints.
Sorted by color, each tube of paint is subjected to the same tests for lightfastness, toxicity and overall performance.5/5(5). Other publications include 'The Artist's Guide to Selecting Colors'.
This covers all media and enables the artist to buy their paints with confidence. 'The Colour Swatch book', an instant guide to hues 4/5(19). The Wilcox Guide to Watercolor Paints ( edition) by Michael Wilcox is an updated edition of the widely quoted and groundbreaking paint reference first published in the 's and last revised in Buy The Wilcox Guide to the Finest Watercolour Paints (Information to the artist) by Wilcox, Michael (ISBN: ) from Amazon's Book Store.
Free UK delivery on eligible orders/5(13). Find many great new & used options and get the best deals for The Wilcox Guide to the Best Watercolor Paints by Michael Wilcox (, Paperback) at the best online prices at eBay.
Free shipping for many products!/5(2). Comparing Michael Wilcox book on Color Mixing Swatch Book By L. Kuusinenon Febru Format: Paperback. The Color Mixing Swatch Book is a good complement to The Wilcox Guide to the Best Watercolor Paints and is more portable than Blue and Yellow Don’t Make Green.
Find helpful customer reviews and review ratings for The Wilcox Guide To The Best Watercolor Paints at Read honest and unbiased product reviews from our users/5. The Wilcox Guide to the Best Watercolor Paints Paperback – Sept. 1 by Michael Wilcox (Author) out of 5 stars 13 ratings.
See all 2 formats and editions Hide other formats and editions. Amazon Price New from Used from /5(13). The Wilcox guide to the best watercolor paints. [Michael Wilcox] -- This is a landmark book for artists. It contains a surprising amount of information that is not available elsewhere.
Equally important, the infomration is presented in a handsome, easily referenced.Click to read more about The Wilcox Guide To The Best Watercolor Paints by Michael Wilcox.
LibraryThing is a cataloging and social networking site for booklovers/5(1).The Wilcox Guide to the Finest Watercolour Paints (Information to the artist) by Wilcox, Michael and a great selection of related books, art and collectibles available now atHow to Treat Dry or Irritated Eyes During a Long Flight
With Thanksgiving just around the corner, many Victorians will be hopping on a flight to join families for the long weekend. None of us really mind a short flight, other than the cumbersome check-in dance we all have to do prior to boarding. But a long flight is a whole nother story, am I right? A vacation is supposed to be fun and relaxing, but if you have irritated eyes, an unintended effect of long flights,.
What You Can Do To Avoid Dry, Irritated Eyes
The next time you’re flying follow Dr. Sharma’s three tips for happy eyes:
- If you can, do not wear contacts
- If you do wear contacts, bring a pair of glasses and or extra contacts/solution
-.
Do you need to see a Victoria, BC optometrist? Give us a call or easily book online with Dr. Sharma.
We love helping people see thier very best!
Leave a ReplyWant to join the discussion?
Feel free to contribute!Scroll
by Eve Egoyan.
A recital
A spectacle
A reinvention
I love the piano.
But I don't want to play by its rules.
Solo for Duet is the most extreme programme of music I’ve ever performed.
It challenges
the way we see and hear.
the idea of pianist and piano.
me.
But I can't do this alone. It's a collaborative effort.
The piano is an emotional place.
A landscape.
A place of stability.
I am writing a Duet for a ghost piano and a real piano.
I want to make this ghost piano do things that I wish a piano could do.
So I changed the rules...
... without realizing how destabilizing this would be.
I practice alone for so much of my time.
Then I have to walk on stage.
That’s hard.
I remember being a kid winning some competition, and literally being shoved onto a huge stage.
There were just all these lights and I have no memory of what I did.
After all the practice, the rehearsals, I need to let go.
I have to embrace the work for what it is. Let it have that moment. Let it be performed.
I meet myself within the sound and we are a Duet.
I love the piano but I create my own rules.
Eve Egoyan’s insatiable curiosity compels her to continually re-invent the piano and to create, curate and commission new works by like-spirited artists and composers who dare to join her adventures.
Solo for Duet premiered in Toronto, Canada at the 2018 Luminato Festival and is now touring internationally.
LIVE
Solo for Duet Conceived and Performed by Eve Egoyan
INTERACTIVE
FILM
MUSIC
This experience is best enjoyed with headphones.Newsflash
2021 Intacs Information Letter
intacs™ Vision and Mission
We are an independent and legally registered not-for-profit association.
We have open and transparent operations in an honorary capacity and global and multilingual presence.
We improve the assessment performance
We want 33000 series.
We respond to an industry demand
- setting training and certification standards for ISO/IEC 15504 assessors
- setting standards for maintaining assessor competence
- promoting assessment models and community interactions
intacs™ is the scheme accepted by the automotive industry and the HIS / VDA AK 13 (working group responsible for defining process requirements for car manufacturers and n-tier suppliers).
The new updated ISO/IEC 33000 standard series covers process assessment in general.
intacs.info
Certification Body
Looking for Certification, renewal, or initially, very often your first contact is the Certification Body.
intacs is setting up the rules and regulations, but the Certification Body is the one to verify experience evidence and assessment log.
The automotive domain is managed by VDA-QMC, Berlin and
all other domains are managed by ECQA, Krems
mailto:office@automotivespice.com
mailto:ecqa_President@ecqa.org
Intacs World Wide
The intacs assessor certification scheme has been spread its service and support over many countries in the world.
Trainings and Exams are usually developed in English, but translation to local guide is available for many languages
Recent News
Japanese Translation of intacs SPICE for Mechanical Engineering V1.7 released
We present intacs SPICE for Mechanical Engineering - now with a Japanese translation.
The Japanese translation of ME SPICE shows the worldwide interest in this guideline.
SPICE for Mechanical Engineering Release 1.7-Japanese
Please let us know your feedback.
Current rules for online activities (status as of March 26.
Agile SPICE Booklet published to be used in Trial Phase.
intacs SPICE for Mechanical Engineering V1.7 released
We present the new version of intacs SPICE for Mechanical Engineering.
Please let us know your feedback.
New intacs SPICE for Mechanical Engineering Release 1.7
and: with Annotations.
Guideline for Remote Process Assessments
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we are receiving several questions regarding the possibility of performing remote assessments. Is this permissible, recommended, or not?
Please find out our answer and a few recommendations in our brief Guideline for Remote Process Assessments.In celebration of Catholic Schools Week 2021, the Diocese of Altoona-Johnstown is spotlighting families that boast multiple generations of Catholic education.
SAINT MICHAEL SCHOOL, LORETTO
“I am happy that I can go to church at school. I like everything about St. Michael School.” –Will Hegemann 1st grade
“The ability to send my son to a Catholic school has been an incredible gift. It is a blessing to have him learn in an environment where faith and prayer are encouraged. It gives me hope to see our children become excited about religion in a world where we could use more kindness, understanding, morals and values. I have confidence that he is not only learning and growing in our Catholic faith but also receiving a quality education that will prepare him for life after St. Michael’s.I know that someday he will look back with fond memories of his time there as I do.” –Bridget Hegemann
“There was never a question in my mind about sending my children to Catholic school. I knew I wanted them to grow up with God at the center of their lives as he was for me when my parents sent me to St. Michael’s. Now as the years pass, I see how it has impacted their lives and I am so happy to see that they too are making the sacrifice to send my grandchildren to Catholic school as well. Being able to learn about God, live your faith on a daily basis and pray together as a school family means the world to me. I wouldn’t want education for my family to be any other way.” –Mary Jane RiegAppointment Booking Request
It is always recommended that you use the Appointment Booking Request form below to contact Focused Therapy London when you are ready to schedule a Confirmed Appointment. This form can be used to request an Appointment on either a fixed Clinic day; or, on any day that is specifically listed on the Ad Hoc Availability page at the current time.
Where possible please request to schedule a Confirmed Appointment more than 48 hours in advance, especially where any Appointment Deposit is required to be received in advance, and additionally provide numerous Appointment Start Times the Appointment can be attended, as there are currently less Appointment slots available than prior to the pandemic due to 30 minute gaps having been implemented between all Appointments for enhanced sterilisation protocols and medical grade air filtration to be undertaken within the relevant treatment room.
Current busy days at the Clinics
For your advanced awareness, Wednesdays at the North London Clinic are currently very busy each week, due to numerous Clients scheduling in reoccurring weekly Appointments on this day. At present, the only Appointment slot consistently available on this day is for a 1 Hour Appointment at 5:30pm, although another Appointment slot will be available should any of these Clients decide to skip a week in the run up to Christmas.
Additionally, the period leading up to Christmas is usually one of Focused Therapy London's busiest times for providing Appointments each year, so you are recommended to book early if wanting an Appointment from the 7th December onwards. Please see the Latest Availability section on the Home page, for details of when Focused Therapy London currently plans to be closed over the Christmas and New Year period.
Booking Information accuracy and reliability
Please ensure that all Booking Information provided is accurate and able to be relied upon, as a 24 hour Booking Information Reliability Period applies from the time any Appointment Booking Request is received by Focused Therapy London, as detailed within the Appointment Booking section of the Terms of Service.
On this basis, should you want or need to Cancel or request to Reschedule any Requested Appointment, whilst any relevant Booking Information Reliability Periods continue to apply in relation to it, please ensure to do so in accordance with the Cancellation / Rescheduling Policy Summary.
Appointment Booking Request form
What happens next
Focused Therapy London always seeks to provide a personalised response to any Appointment Booking Request, whether this is to send an Appointment Confirmation Email; provide alternate Appointment availability for consideration where unable to schedule any Requested Appointment based on the Booking Information that has been provided; or, to provide business bank account details for the payment of any required Appointment Deposit, as soon as it is possible to do so within the Standard Contact Times detailed below.
You will additionally be sent an interim notification, to keep you updated on the progress of your Appointment Booking Request, where the only delay in scheduling your Requested Appointment as a Confirmed Appointment is either due to Focused Therapy London awaiting necessary feedback from the relevant Clinic; or, to notify you that payment of any required Appointment Deposit has not as yet been received from the Appointment Owner, where you are their designated Attendee.
Standard Contact Times
Focused Therapy London has the following Standard Contact Times:
Monday to Friday: 11am - 7pm
Saturday: 12pm - 6pm
Where an Appointment Booking Request is received by Focused Therapy London within the above Standard Contact Times, it will usually be read and start being processed on the same day. As such the Booker can usually expect to receive a personalised response in relation to it on the same day except in exceptional circumstances, sometimes late in to the evening especially on busy Clinic days; and, an Appointment Confirmation Email where their Requested Appointment is able to be scheduled as initially requested within a maximum of 24 hours of the time the Appointment Booking Request was received by Focused Therapy London, except where either the Appointment Owner and/or where relevant their designated Attendee have confirmed an Extension to the Booking Information Reliability Period is acceptable where notified by Focused Therapy London there will be a delay in confirming the Requested Appointment as a Confirmed Appointment; or, there is any significant delay in Focused Therapy London receiving prompt payment of any required Appointment Deposit payment where one is required to be paid by the Appointment Owner.
Where an Appointment Booking Request is received by Focused Therapy London outside of the above Standard Contact Times, it may only be read and start being processed from the commencement of the next relevant Standard Contact Times period. As such a proportionate time delay may occur before the Booker can expect to receive a personalised response in relation to their Requested Appointment. Focused Therapy London may additionally provide an initial personalised response at some point over the weekend if an Appointment Booking Request is received after 6pm on a Saturday, as Focused Therapy London sometimes checks messages sporadically later over the weekend, but please be aware an Appointment Confirmation Email in these circumstances will often not be able to be provided until the following Monday afternoon where Clinic staff are unavailable to confirm any necessary arrangements over the remaining weekend period in these circumstances.Heavy South Easterly seas last weekend ensured anglers enjoyed a few days of decent fishing, with quality cod from all areas, and plenty of whiting and flatfish also. John Wilson reported cod to 6lb on fresh crab from Middleton Pier. Mick Dunn had cod to 7lb on worm from Steetly Pier, which produced some reasonable mixed bags for other anglers at night. The Durham beaches saw cod to 9lb. Hendon and Roker have produced bags of smaller codling, while rock edges between Roker and South Shields produced several cod to 12lb mark. South Shields Pier proved quieter, but the lower Tyne gave good numbers of smaller cod. General shore sport has been poorer in recent days with only odd whiting and flatfish showing in settled conditions.
Catch snippets: Chris Hossack fished the High Drop Off on Saturday and landed 10 cod – best 8 – 00lb, and 1 flounder for 25lb – all taken on fresh crab. Gareth Gardner only needed a cod of 1 – 12lb to win the Eastenders Sweepstake match. Paul Riley won the East End and Hendon match with a cod of 4 – 11lb from Whitburn, while Joe Grieves was second with a cod of 3 – 05lb from the same mark.
Seaham Christmas Fayre match saw some decent cod weighed in with some big cod reported lost from the North Pier. 30 out of 87 weighed in 51 fish for 116 – 02lb. Gary Pye had 6 cod for 12.86lb from Hawthorn; John Barrass had 4 cod for 11.88lb from Hendon; Baz Blakeman had a single cod of 9.14lb from Hendon; Dean Monarch had a single cod of 6.39lb.
Seaham Juniors match was moved to the Wear due to heavy seas, where 4 weighed in 5 fish for 4.49lb. Kieran Newton won with 2 fish for 1.94lb; Craig Hogwood had 1 for 0.97lb; Lliam Prest had 1 fish for 0.80lb; Mark Swan had 1 for 0.78lb.
Cleadon A.C. fished last Monday with 8 out of 26 weighing in. Paul Rogers had the h.s.f. and top bag with a cod of 4 – 09lb taken from Marsden; Terry Wood had a single cod of 4 – 07lb from Whitburn; Jamie Brennan had a single cod of 4 – 00lb from S.Shields Pier.
Ryhope Sweepstake last Tuesday missed all of the cod with only 6 out of 33 weighing in 7 whiting. Darren Welsh had one of 430 grammes from Hendon; Jim Brookes took second and third place with whiting of 295 grammes each; Kevin Martin had one of 280 grammes. Tuesday December 30th sees the sweepstake fished as normal. Club members should note the A.G.M. is at 12 noon on Sunday January 4th at the Village Tavern Ryhope.
Tynemouth retired members fished a midweek match with 9 out of 18 weighing in mainly whiting. Tony Taylor had 5 whiting and 1 cod for 5 – 12lb; Dave Hayley had 5 whiting for 4 – 12lb; Wilf Reed had 3 whiting for 2 – 06lb; John Cain had the h.s.f. with a cod of 1 – 05lb.
East End and Hendon Christmas match on Sunday saw 4 out of 14 land 6 flounders, 5 whiting, and 1 cod. George Brown won with 6 fish for 5 – 04lb; Gareth Gardner had 2 for 3 – 01lb, including the h.s.f. with a cod of 2 – 01lb; Tommy Tate had 3 flounders for 1 – 14lb.
Sunderland S.A.A. Christmas match on Sunday saw 10 weigh in 15 whiting, 3 cod, and 3 flounders. Barry Wright had a single cod of 5 – 04lb to win ahead of Thomas Rutherford with 3 whiting and 1 cod for 3 – 09lb, and Paul Robinson with 1 cod and 1 whiting for 2 – 13lb.
Hartlepool Pirates A.C. fished two recent matches. The first saw Chris Coxan win with a mixed bag of 6 fish for 6 – 10lb, including the h.s.f. with a cod of 2 – 10lb. Barry Pattison had a mixed bag of whiting, pouting, and coalfish for 4 – 08lb; Darren Dixon had 2 whiting for 1 – 08lb; Bill Bradley had 1 whiting and 1 flounder for 1 – 06lb. The second match saw Chris Coxan come top again with a single cod of 1 – 07lb; Bill Bradley had 2 flatties for 1 – 02lb; Barry Pattison had a pouting for 0 – 12lb; Aaron Dixon had 1 whiting for 0 – 10lb.
Matches for the festive period
There are several open matches and lots of sweepstakes planned for the holiday period. Here are a few of them…
Seaham Boxing Day Open fished from 12 till 5pm. Contact 0191-5810321 for details.
The 15th Easington Colliery Rovers Open is on Saturday 27th December fishing from 10am till 3pm between the Green Wall at Seaham to the Heugh Breakwater (Heugh and Steetly Piers excluded). Basic entry is £10, plus pools and team events, register at the Colliery Club Seaside Lane, Easington from 8am till 9.45am. First prize for the h.s.f is £400, £300 for the heaviest bag, and £100 for the second heaviest bag. Ladies and Junior prizes are £50 plus a prize table of over £1000. This is a Penn Points match and there is only one prize per competitor. Stewards will be in attendance during the match.
The 11th Blackhall Navy Club “Get Carter” Open is on December 29th fishing from 9am till 2 pm between the Foxholes at Horden to the Heugh breakwater, (Heugh and Steetly Piers excluded). Basic entry is £10 plus pools and team events. Juniors are free if accompanied by a paying adult. Top three prizes for the h.s.f. are £500, £300, and £200. Top three junior prizes are £50, £30, and £20, plus a supporting prize table. Register from 6.30am till 9am at the Navy Club, East Street, Blackhall. Contact 0191-5182036 for details.
The Amble Open is early this year, fished on Sunday January 4th from 11am till 3pm between Seahouses South Pier and Lynemouth Pipe, excluding all rivers, piers, and jetties. All inclusive entry is £11 for all classes, register at the Radcliffe Club from 9am, weigh in from 3pm till 4pm – NO FISH WILL BE ACCEPTED AFTER 4PM. The flounder size is 27cm this year and competitors are requested to keep all flounders alive in water-filled buckets for safe return. Top three prizes for the heaviest bag are £600, £300, and £150. Top three h.s.f. get £400, £200, and £100. Top three flatfish get £150, £100, and £50, and the top three juniors and ladies receive £50, £30, and £20. There is the usual superb prize table of £4000. Bait can be pre-ordered from the Amble Angling Centre on 01665-711200. Contact Jim French 01665-711007 for details.
Bait for any of these matches can be pre-ordered from the Friarage Tackle shop at Hartlepool 01429-273145, which will be open during the holiday period.Grangemouth is hoping for a quick turnaround after the Fukushima disaster
By JAY NGUYENAThe Grangewater Grangest of the petro chemical plant complexes in the southern Philippines has seen its share of the financial fallout following the Fukushima nuclear disaster.The Grangeemouth plant in Manali province has already been shut down since the accident at the Fukushima plant in Japan, as the country has been struggling to recover from the aftermath of the […]WATER RESISTANCE TESTING
We offer water resistance testing and advise on buying the correct water resistance watch for your lifestyle
Water resistance of watches is a broad and sometimes confusing issue for consumers. With many brands of watches and different types of case constructions, choosing a watch which suits your lifestyle and needs can be difficult. We receive a lot of watches in for service and repair that have water damage mainly due to the customer exceeding the limits of the case. We have large range of water resistance and pressure testing equipment for brands like Rolex, TAG Heuer, Omega, Breitling and Zenith watches so we have created this page to shed some light on this matter and below is some useful information.
Water resistance is measured in bars. A bar is a unit of pressure, 1 bar being equivalent to 1 atmosphere (ATM), and watches are tested at these pressures in a static air laboratory test for a short period of time. Translation of water resistance varies between manufacturer. Manufacturers often measure water resistance to either a number of bars, feet, meters or atmospheres (ATM) in a static position so for example 3bar, 3ATM and 30 meters is the same. Moving a watch already submerged in water will drastically increase the pressure on its gaskets, even if the watch is in shallow water thus compromising its water resistance. The watch doesn’t have to be at the maximum stated depth.
Always be weary what you are doing with your watch in water. A further note to add is that a lot of watches leak water when on holiday and the three main causes seem to be when the screw down crowns have not been re-screwed after the time has been changed when entering a different time zone. Secondly when sunbathing the watch is subject to extreme heat from the sun for a long period of time then the watch is plunged into a cold swimming pool, this can have detrimental effect on the glass gasket. Thirdly most watches haven’t been in water until this time and the gaskets may have started to perish if it has been a long time since the watch has had a reseal.
If you are choosing a watch to be used for going in water, swimming, diving or impact water sports it will need to be able to tolerate that extra pressure on the watch gaskets. So we always recommend as a minimum, a watch with a screw down crown and you should choose your watch with limits which are 2 or 3 times higher than what it’s going to use the watch for. 200 meter watches are normally well constructed and should have a screw down crown.
Below is a guide we have created to help choosing your next watch
3ATM, 3BAR or 30M is everyday use. It can withstand a gentle splash such as rain but is not suitable for bathing or swimming.
5ATM, 5BAR or 50M is everyday use and bathing, but not suitable for swimming, pool side diving or water sports.
10ATM, 10BAR or 100M is everyday use, bathing and swimming. Not suitable for snorkelling, high board diving, high impact or water sports.
15ATM, 15BAR or 150M is everyday use, poolside diving and snorkelling and most water sports.
20ATM, 20BAR or 200M is the ninimum required for high board diving, high impact water sports or sub aqua diving.
The only watches, which are designed to withstand continued use in these conditions, are professional divers watches. Only watches marked “DIVERS” on the dial should really be used for diving as these fully comply with the international standards for diver’s watches..Question: Help with bowtie2: reference genome for mapping is not listed
0
Hi!
my name is Leticia Perez and I am from Uruguay, School of Sciences, University of the Replublica (Facultad de Ciencias, Universidad de la República).
I am trying to analyze my RNA seq data using galaxy plattform, but I can´t align my reads because my reference genome is not in the list. I work with trypanosoma cruzi strain CL Brener (which is a hybrid between Esmeraldo like and non Esmeraldo like strains). Could you upload this genome in the list?
I downloaded both genomes and I have both in only one file, is there a way for me to upload?
Thanks in advance
Leticia
ADD COMMENT • link •modified 3.1 years ago by Jennifer Hillman Jackson ♦ 25k • written 3.1 years ago by lperez • 0secret spice co.
Sweet Spice - LIMITED EDITION!
- Regular price
- $19.95 AUD
- Regular price
- Sale price
- $19.95 AUD
- Unit price
- per
This limited edition Sweet Spice is not just your traditional mixed spice, festive type blend.
It can also be used in place of Chinese Five Spice and to get a little fragrance into your stir fries, slow cooks and marinades.
Get a tasty discount when you buy any 3 or 4 spices. Shipping in Australia $9.95 for up to 4 packets of spice so the more the merrier!
INGREDIENTS: Cinnamon, coriander, nutmeg, ginger, cardomom, cloves.
This spice goes perfectly in:
- bliss balls
- banana bread
- Chocolate cake
- pancakes
- Hot milk - chai latte style
- Spiced biscuits
- Granola
- Spiced apple
- Fruit tarts
But not only the sweet stuff, think where you would use Chinese Five Spice:
- with black pepper and salt for a spiced flour dusting for fish
- add garlic, onion and chilli in a stir fry
- Hotpot of chicken pieces with stock, onion and garlic
- With honey, tamari, stock, garlic and chilli stir fry
- Try it on SP Fries - seriously good.
- Roast Vegetables
- Chicken Wings
- Soothing chicken soup
TSC Salaries tops Government Expenditure On Employees
The government spent Sh498.07 billion on salaries and allowances in the 2020/21 financial year.
Controller of Budget Margaret Nyakang’o, in an audit report, noted that this represented 42.4 per cent of gross expenditure by ministries, departments and agencies.
The Teachers Service Commission recorded the highest expenditure on salaries and allowances at Sh273.41 billion, according to the National Government Budget Implementation Review Report.
The expenditure, however, excludes personal emoluments for the military and National Intelligence Service.
“The Teachers Service Commission (TSC) recorded the highest expenditure on compensation to employees at Sh273.41 billion, translating into 55.9 per cent of total expenditure on compensation to employees by the national government,” read the audit in part.
Read also:
Teachers’ Basic Salary Scales After Phase 2 of Pension Deductions
Government Alarmed Over Shocking Teacher Shortage In Nursery Schools
KNEC Announces Scholarships For DIPTE, DECTE, DTE And Upgrading Course To DIPTE or DECTE
State Department for Interior and Citizen Services spent Sh127.5 billion, Ministry of Defence Sh112.44 billion, State Department for Early Learning and Basic Education Sh85.93 billion, State Department of Infrastructure Sh59.96 billion, and State Department forf University Education and Research Sh55.34 billion
The Ministry of Health, on its part, spent Sh52.13 billion, National Treasury Sh47.62 billion, National Intelligence Service Sh44.83 billion and State Department for Social Protection, Pensions & Senior Citizens Affairs Sh29.98 billion.
Dr Nyakang’o revealed that the total expenditure by the national government amounted to Sh2.59 trillion.
Development expenditure as per the audit was Sh561.49 billion and recurrent expenditure Sh1.15 trillion.
However, some budget items recorded low levels of expenditure, which was attributed to Covid-19 mitigation measures adopted by the government to curb the spread of the disease.
Further analysis of the report shows that expenditure by the government on annual recurrent expenditure has been rising.
In the financial year 2016/2017, Sh1357.3 billion was spent, in 2017/2018 Sh1544.4 billion, 2018/2019 Sh1961.4 billion, in 2019/2020 Sh1919.2 billion was spent while in the financial year 2020/2021 Sh2030.8 billion was spent.
The audit revealed that the government spent Sh14.23 billion on travelling expenditure in the financial year 2020/21. The recording was a slight decline compared to Sh14.6 billion recorded in financial year 2019/20.
About Sh11.19 billion was spent on domestic travel and Sh3.03 billion on foreign travel.
“The decline can be attributed to Covid-19 that led to travel restrictions by the government,” the report reads in part.
The Controller of Budget noted the significant growth of public debt stock over the years, which was attributed to a persistent fall in expected ordinary revenue and rising expenditures.
As of June 30, 2021, the report revealed total public debt stock stood at Sh7.71 trillion. The total debt comprised of 52.1 per cent (Sh4.01 trillion) external.
The total expenditure on public debt as per the report during FY 2020/21 was Sh765.91 billion, representing 80.2 per cent of the revised annual estimates.
To check on the burden of public debt and other related fiscal strains, the Controller of Budget said the government should enhance the collection of domestic taxes to expand fiscal space and ensure borrowings are used only for financing development expenditure and not for recurrent expenditure and at the minimum cost to reduce the high cost associated with debt repayment.
Nyakango recommended that the government takes stock of all ongoing and stalled projects, provides funds to finish them, and defers any new projects to curb the accumulation of pending bills.
As of June 30, 2021, pending bills stood at Sh36.35 billion, accounting for 5.1 per cent of the development budget for the year. The Controller of Budget recommended that all ministries and departments ensure payment of pending bills is prioritised in the FY 2021/22 in compliance with the law. “In addition, the government should oversee the coordination of all joint projects between the two levels of government to avoid duplication of projects aimed at accomplishing similar objectives,” read the report.9 Ways To Add More Movement To Your Day
Run, Walk or Crawl, Fast or Slow does not matter, It is always better than nothing at all. Sometimes we get hung up on the idea that a workout has to be long, sweaty and structured in order to be effective. However, keeping your metabolism revved up all day can come in smaller chunks. We’ve all […]Virtual Presentations
Roundtable: Discuss the CARES Act with Esteemed Washington InsidersMembers Only Featured
Watch the full recording of an interactive discussion on the CARES Act with alliantgroup Washington insiders, Kathy Petronchak & Dean Zerbe.
Added: May 12, 2020 - 3:40 PM / Views: 999: September 05, 2018 - 3:58 PM / Views: 573
Webinar: Real Estate & Construction Webinar
How do you measure the effectiveness of training in terms of outcomes and benefits? Discover the answers to these questions and hear anecdotes from construction contractors’ talent development during this interactive presentation.
Added: November 01, 2017 - 3:02 PM / Views: 559
Webinar: Service Measurement to Service Excellence
Most firms claim to provide excellent client service, but they fail to be intentional about it..
Added: August 30, 2018 - 4:03 PM / Views: 626
Webinar: Vital Steps to Growing a Real Estate or Construction NicheFeatured
Are you looking for techniques and tools to strategically grow your construction practices? Watch this webinar to access years of relevant industry expertise.
Added: July 25, 2018 - 2:52 PM / Views: 1186Our expertise at your ser
vice
Quebec has made sustainable development a priority for the years to come and the establishment of a wind energy network is one way it is achieving this. By the end of 2015, there will be more than 40 wind farms in this Canadian province, with an installed capacity of 3,300 MW. This growing market plans to deliver 4,100 MW by 2018.
A supply chain featuring more than 150 companies, that includes such internationally renowned manufacturers as GE, Senvion (REpower), Enercon and LM Windpower, has sprung up around these wind farms.
The Quebec industry is able not only to produce most wind turbine components, it can also provide all the services associated with wind farm-related construction, certification, training, financing, operation and maintenance. Furthermore, Quebec boasts a first-rate training centre and world class R&D infrastructure, including a centre that studies the northern climate.
Don’t hesitate to contact us, we will be pleased to support you in your operations or business development.
ACCORD Wind Energy Cluster Management
List of members of the ACCORD Wind Energy Cluster
Quebec wind industry directory (MFEQ, 2011)
Wind farms in Quebec, map and listAs LGBT History Month draws to a close, I wanted to recognise what our people…Read more
Information drives great passenger experiences
On 15 July, we hosted a Smarter Travel Forum event for the Passenger Services industry to discuss the benefits technology can bring to customers and employees. As part of our commitment to improving the passenger experience, O2 has been involved with the Forum since 2013; it’s made up of private sector organisations who meet to share ideas and provide insight to the government on how to improve transport services.
Stephen Joseph, Chief Executive of Campaign for Better Transport, joined us to discuss the past successes and future aims of the forum. A key topic was the power of real-time information in helping passengers to feel secure that they are making the best possible decision if their journey is disrupted. The importance of this cannot be overlooked as, according to the National Rail Passenger Survey conducted by Passenger Focus, access to information is the second biggest driver of customer satisfaction and the biggest driver of dissatisfaction if delivered poorly.
Keith Jipps, Customer Service Director at First Capital Connect (FCC) talked about how connectivity has already improved the experience for their passengers. O2 has helped FCC deliver improved information access for their staff and customers by providing a mix of O2 solutions in several stations. The latest introduction to FCC stations is O2 Wifi which, since its introduction, has boosted customer satisfaction in regards to information access at stations from 70% in 2010 to 82% in 2013/14.
However, the event did identify some barriers to keeping passengers informed. In particular the lack of communication between suppliers, an essential requirement for passengers who want up-to-date information across their whole journey. The Smarter Travel Forum is a catalyst for positive change in this area.
FCC also communicates with their passengers via social media; an approach being adopted by many transport companies. By tweeting customers directly and posting updates in real time, their Twitter profile provides an instant and reliable source of information. And for those passengers that are not so tech savvy, FCC hasn’t forgotten the importance of making sure employees are on hand to help.
To get in touch, tweet @O2BusinessUK or visit our website to find out more about how O2 is helping transport and travel companies reduce costs, improve communications and provide better passenger experiences.Recently she published a new study whereby she compared the impact of having those 500 calories all at once midday, vs. spread out in smaller meals or consumed at dinner time on weight loss and some metabolic parameters. According to her study, it was undertaken in part because of the low levels of tolerability found among new adherents to her style of dieting. The findings were straightforward. A full 20% of each treatment arm dropped out before the 8 weeks were over which no doubt speaks to the challenge of this style of eating. Weight loss and metabolic changes were roughly the same between groups.
Reading this study, two things kept nagging at me. The first was the use of the word "fasting". Can you really describe a day where you eat a bunch of small meals (or really anything at all) fasting? Doesn't strike me as alternate day fasting, strikes me more as alternate day very-low-calorie-dieting, or maybe alternate day protein-sparing modified fasting (and for the record, I never understood that term either), and I can't help but wonder if part of the challenge with adherence is the negative associations people might have with the word, "fasting". And the second thing of course was the dropout rate. 20% in just an 8 week study strikes me as extremely high. Consequently, while no doubt a useful strategy for some, I can't say that I'm hopeful this approach will suit too many.A bigger penis dimension not just makes your companion pleased, it additionally makes you feel great. Nevertheless, there are many males who live in fear that their penis size is too little. The good news is that there are methods to grow your penis without utilizing tablets in a secure and reliable method.
Penis Pills Don’t Work
If you’re lured by items such as penis pills to enhance penis dimension, you’re in fact wasting your time and money. Penis tablets don’t in fact function. These tablets typically include vitamins, minerals, hormones or natural herbs that makers declare enlarge the penis in a month or two. You spend cash on these tablets, however at the end of the day you realize these pills do not work. Now, the million-dollar question is exactly how to boost penis dimension normally? Well, there are extension tools that are one hundred percent secure and the best method to expand your penis. The expansion gadget raises the flaccid size of a penis. It is not just risk-free and effective yet likewise enhances erection dimension. Make use of the best penis extender for a far better and also most satisfying sex life.
Quick Extender Pro Penile Stretcher – The Top Choice
The quick extender professional penis extender is just one of the best choices for many guys worldwide. This device not only supplies a remedy for penis augmentation, however additionally remedies penile curvature important for sex-related fulfillment. According to Dr. Paolo Gontero, a senior speaker as well as urologist– penile grip aids in enhancing the size of the penis by 32 percent in a few months. The quick extender pro uses a DSS (Dual Band Support) system that has been crafted to give maximum tension along the pointer and shaft of the penis. This device fits to use, economical and a non-surgical remedy for curvature modification that is quick, safe and also pain-free. The quick expansion pro is the name you can rely on as it is a brand name in the penis enlargement and also curvature modification market around the globe.
The tool works in three straightforward and very easy actions. In the primary step, you’ll need to put on a penile traction gadget. It functions by using a consistent light stretch on your penis on a daily basis. This process is risk-free as well as painless and also does not interfere with the typical function of the penis. In step 2– microscopic tears form along the shaft. Nonetheless, the procedure is totally pain-free. In the 3rd action, the recovery procedure starts that includes mitosis as well as cytokinesis. These three steps result in natural penis enlargement as well as make sure sexual satisfaction to the following level.
Phallosan Forte – a Safe as well as Effective Natural Penis Augmentation Option
You might have found various penis augmentation items online. Most of them are loaded with empty promises and even tries at fraudulence. Phallosan forte is an entirely trustworthy, efficient as well as result-oriented device indicated for penis enlargement, penis extension and straightening. You merely need to wear this device for a couple of months without obstructing your everyday regimen as it remains concealed under garments. This tool does not involve any type of medication or surgery. The device works constantly by extending the penis and ultimately causes an expansion as well as rise in penis size. Medical professionals utilize this tool for the therapy of erectile dysfunction and penis discrepancy (penis curvature).
This gadget is technically innovative yet proven medically in the significance of its features. The mild and continuous extending causes penis enlargement. Primitive people have already applied this concept, as well as there are tribes in Africa who utilize this strategy for extending the neck, lips, ear wattles and also, of course, the penis by stretching the tissues. The device includes an artistic shade system on the belt. The environment-friendly color shows reduced tension, yellow is medium and also red a high level of tension. The Phallosan strong suit may be used for 8 or even more hours daily for quick results. The gadget is delivered worldwide– browse the website and buy this product for best sex-related satisfaction.
SizeGenetics – One Of The Most Powerful Penis Extender Tool
Are you bothered with your small penis dimension, curvature or penile stamina? No fears, SizeGenetics offers the very best remedy as well as makes certain to take your sexual efficiency to the following degree. The tool has been clinically designed to aid hundreds of males worldwide. Designed utilizing MDA (Multi Directional Fishing), the tool gives best convenience as well as security. The SizeGenetics is a clinically tested gadget that has been assessed under the Medical Tool Regulation as well as subsequently awarded accreditation as a type one medical tool. The SIzeGenetics has been advised by penis enlargement surgeons as well as leading male enhancement neighborhoods; included in mags such as GQ as well as Males’s Health and wellness.
The SizeGenetics is a pills-free tool originally developed to help males with penis curvature and micro syndrome. The device is understood for its simpleness and thus excellent for wearing discretely under clothing for a long period of time to make certain success. As soon as ordered– the gadget is provided at your residence to guarantee best discretion as well as personal privacy. So, never concession with your sex life– acquire the most effective penis extender and bring joy in life.
Does a bigger penis size mean better sex? Well, this is one of the most interesting concerns that has plunged guys across the globe for ages. The solution to this inquiry is of course– penis size does matter for a delighted sexual relationship. Women get to climax a lot more quickly with males having larger penises.
Penis extender gadgets are designed to enhance the dimension of the penis. They are put on for a set quantity of time during the day, along with day-to-day usage. Penis extender tools are made for guys who want to have a fuller, longer, and also thicker penis. These tools work over an amount of time as well as are typically used for 6 to 8 hrs per day. The results can be permanent or progressive depending upon the individual.
There are a number of various penis grip device models on the market today. They all do the exact same basic things. They will certainly stretch the penis while leaving it undamaged as the gadget holds it in place. Penis extender devices work in much the same method. They stretch the penis as well as when it is totally stretched out, the skin begins to reduce as well as stretch. This causes a rise in the penis dimension over a time period.
Some men seeking to enhance the size of their penis go with a grip gadget that is used while having their erections. Penis traction gadgets function by applying a continuous stress on the shaft of the penis and also in time stretching it out. Several males looking to enhance their dimension have actually found success making use of the Penis Growth System by impotence experts Healthife. This model of extender collaborates with an individual by producing a pressure area that is applied to the penile shaft gradually.
Some males seeking a penis augmentation item resort to a penis extender design that works in an extra natural fashion. The Penis Development System by Healthife is one of these tools. This device promotes the body to produce the growth hormone that is needed for a rise in the dimension of the penis. Healthife makes use of a two-step process in order to achieve this. Initially, the user will certainly wear the extender for twenty-four hrs each time in the sessions that incorporate traction as well as massage.
The 2nd step is where the health and wellness supplement pills, vitamins and minerals work to raise flow as well as power throughout the body. This energy allows the penis to become engorged and harder so that a rise in overall girth can be achieved. Men searching for a male enhancement approach that produces lead to an all-natural method may locate success with the Penis Growth System by Healthife.
An additional penis extender model that is available that can help guys boost their size as well as girth is the Jes Extender by JLS Equipments. The Jes extender by JLS Solutions is developed to boost the body into making more testosterone than what is naturally present in the bloodstream. Testosterone is necessary for erections since it increases the quantity of girth that a penis can have while guaranteeing that the shaft is smooth. By promoting more testosterone with supplements and also other indicates the penis extender aids guys that experience impotence to obtain the stamina and endurance needed to have consistent, strong erections. For guys who are searching for a penis extender that doesn’t make use of weights or pumps, the Jes might be a good selection.
A fast extender Pro product is the SizeGenetics extender. The SizeGenetics extender comes with a money-back guarantee. By utilizing this gadget a man can expect to see a recognizable adjustment in both the length and girth of their penis within a month’s time. Unlike other penis extenders, this doesn’t call for weights or pumps. A glimpse at the SizeGenetics website reveals that the business has been around for over ten years, which suffices time for them to have established a top quality product.
It is essential to bear in mind that all penis extenders are made in different ways. Some are developed to be put on when resting and others may really feel more comfortable being used while masturbating. Some might feel as though they have even more to offer than others; this is something to remember when choosing an extender that you will wear while engaging in the sexual act. Also, you ought to know that the amount of stretch you get out of a specific tool will differ relying on the shaft that it is made from. Different devices will certainly offer you a different amount of stretch. If you are considering acquiring a penis extender gadget, it is very important to think about the distinctions between every one so you can pick the extender that will certainly give you the most effective outcomes.
A penis extender is a non-surgical therapeutic device with strong potential for dealing with Peyronie’s problem of enlargement of penis. It acts like a non-weight bearing, mechanical traction gadget that extends the penis size in the drooping problem to produce lengthy and stronger erections. Nevertheless, the mechanism is clarified listed below:
The mechanism of extender for penis works with the principles of continuous tension without breaks. This results in a steady extending of the shaft of the penis, which can last approximately three months. The grip tool uses a consistent grip force to the penis up until the body succumbs to the traction and the elongated dimension of the penis is preserved.
The traction as well as the tool can be put on at any time and also can be utilized with any sort of clothing. Therefore men with any type of physique and also size can utilize the extender. The extender functions well even if the person is resting, standing or having a bad resting posture. The device functions even if you have no access to a mirror or have a bad vision. The tool works well under clothes.
Though the tool is an extremely simple style, it is still proving to generate beneficial outcomes. The extender device applies constant traction and does not enable the penis to return to its drooping size. The device also permits the penis to attain a length similar to that of an upright penis. The traction has been made use of efficiently for individuals experiencing Peyronie’s disorder as well as normally extended penis.
Though there are lots of penis augmentation products out there, the Extender for penis sticks out with its extremely unique style. Compared to various other tools, extenders have numerous advantages. The first advantage is that the layout does not call for surgical procedure or unique dressings to preserve. It is easy to maintain and is disposable after constant use. The device works perfectly in all placements as well as does not get tired also after continual usage.
The other advantage of this gadget is that it promotes blood flow in the penis and also enhances penis health. The extender works on the principle of continuous stress being applied to the penis, which after that causes the cell walls of the penis to break down as well as hence expand it naturally. This makes certain that your penis will stay healthy way as well as supplies the same result. This gadget has two hands, that make it extremely easy for the customer to operate in a comfy placement and also makes sure that the penis is securely and also conveniently positioned inside the extender. The penis is also delicately traction to guarantee that it expands safely as well as is not harmed at all during use.
Penis extenders have been utilized by millions across the globe for several years currently and also have actually given rewarding results to men. According to doctors, penis extenders are a terrific aid for those that want to have a regular sex life as they can quickly increase the size of their penis without much effort or danger. If you intend to get a bigger penis and prevent all the troubles associated with penis enlargement surgical procedures, you need to attempt an extender for penis.This section lists the questions that we get asked most often. We regularly update this page due to the feedback that we get. If you don't find you question listed here or if you have a suggestion for us - just drop us a message.
In order to get the best results it is crucial that you have the latest version of RISER installed on your phone. You can find the latest udapte in the Google Play Store or the Apple App Store.
Also it is important that you have the right settings for locations services and battery optimization switched off.
No, RISER is available in a free-of-charge basic version and a PRO version with different subscription models.
When you sign up for RISER you will be automatically assigned as Basic user.
Only if you decide actively that you want to become a PRO user to get unlimited functionality, you will be charged via your app store.
To become a PRO member you can chose between different subscription models to get unlimited functionality. To get more information visit the Subscription part on this website here.
To get the most out of the RISER app, it is sometimes necessary to adapt the settings of your phone. Since the app relies on the information that it gets from the GPS sensor, it is crucial to have the right setup in order to let the app know where you are on the road and record the right locations.
To make sure you have the right settings for RISER on your iPhone follow these steps:
1. Open the settings of your iPhone
2. Scroll down until you see RISER
3. Open “Location” and set to “Always”
4. Go back 1 step
5. Activate “Background App refresh”
The settings for location permissions on Android are similar to the ones above for iPhone. Make sure RISER is allowed to use your location “while using the app” and check your battery optimization settings to have the optimal setup.
1. Open the settings of your Android phone
2. Go to Apps / Manage Apps
3. Navigate to RISER
4. Open permission
5. Set location to “While using the app”
On Android it is also important to disable the battery saving modes. If they are activated, it might occur that the phone will prevent the RISER app from getting location information when running in the background which can lead to straight lines in your recorded trips.
To check if the battery saving options are enabled:
1. Open the RISER app
2. Go to More -> Settings
3. Scroll down to “App optimization” and check if you have it marked with a green checkmark. If so – you are all set for your next adventure. If not it is necessary to do some adaptions.
Adapt settings for battery optimizations
1. Tap on “App Optimization”
2. Click “Go to settings”
3. Select “All apps” (default might be “Not optimized”)
4. Srcoll down to RISER
5. Make sure you have “Not optimized” enabled
You This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Activate the PackRide function when you want to hit the road with your friends. PackRide allows you to see where your friends are while driving and you will be notified automatically if, for example, someone falls behind.
To create a PackRide, simply start recording and then click on the menu symbol in the middle at the bottom of the screen. Then go to PackRide and click on "Create". Friends in your area can already see this PackRide and participate.
To take part in a PackRide that has already been created, simply click on the red notice at the top of the screen. Then you can choose your bike and off you go.
You have a wish or an idea about how we can improve RISER for you? Awesome! 🎉 Just send us an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. and tell us about your thoughts.
We are constantly improving the app and platform due to the feedback that we get from the community.
We are looking forward to hearing from you!
You can set your preferred unit of measure (Metric -Kilometer- or Imperial -Miles-) in the app in the menu item "More" -> "Settings" under the item "Units".
RISER has ambassadors around the globe. We invite passionate riders that share their awesome tours across the platform to motivate others.
If you want to apply for the ambassador program, just drop us a message at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. and tell us why you want to become an ambassador.
We are looking forward to your messages.
If you have a question that we have not yet answered here - just send us an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.. We will do our best to answer your message as soon as possible.
RISER is a motorcycle platform made by bikers for bikers with the aim to connect riders worldwide. Handcrafted in 🇦🇹 by an international team.Free cheats codes for Swamp Attack.! **: [email protected]
Available hacks for Swamp Attack
You can use our Swamp Attack hack generator for any of those in-app purchases or use global one below.
- Double Coins
- More Gifts
- Fistful of Coins
- Bag of Coins
- Barrel of Coins
- Truck of Coins
- 10 Potions
- 30 Potions
- 100 Potions
- Bank Vault
Latest searches:
no jailbrake iOS hack for Swamp Attack, Swamp Attack cheats, android hack for Swamp Attack, Swamp Attack cheat codes, get free Bank Vault Swamp Attack, free Bank Vault Swamp Attack, hack for Swamp Attack, free Bank Vault Swamp Attack, Bank Vault Swamp Attack hack, hack Swamp Attack iOS.
Instructions – How To:
How to use general Swamp Attack hack generator
If you use our general hack generator for Swamp Attack then follow these steps:
- Click on red button “Hack Now” below list of in-app purchases.
- Input your username or e-mail.
- Choose in-app purchases you want to hack (for example Bank Vault.Wonderful South African Shweshwe Wedding Dresses 2022
Wonderful South African Shweshwe Wedding Dresses 2022 Shweshwe clothes 2022 is the most best fashion to put on this season. Most of us are leased with kente or Ankara. We neglect that there are many textiles from different sections of Africa. Some of these fabric like the Shweshwe attire 2022 from South Africa can be your misplaced assist in your trend pieces..
Wonderful South African Shweshwe Wedding Dresses 2022
African prints are exclusive and unique. Once you choose to structure a trend declaration in an occasion, any of our fabric provide you the leverage you desire. Gone are the instances as soon as we are cursed with what to use in developing an have an impact on inside the public.
.
Even if you’re outdoor the shores of Africa, there here to shape all the distinction for you.
Traditional shweshwe Dresses 2021:The energetic beautiful and
designed shweshwe Prints have ruled the African Fashion scene in South Africa.
It has like wise come to be known as a portrayal of things “Customary African”, infact,
only a little fix of shweshwe added to an item could rethink that ware as Afrocentric. We have additionally observed neigh
orhood and global big names shake shweshwe,
and shweshwe structures have likewise been highlighted on nearby and worldwide runways as well, however what is Shweshwe ? wait and see the best dresses of shweshwe and sepedi
Contributing writer
Jennifer Luong
Latest Content
Harvard’s Peer Support Networks
The staffers of Harvard's five peer counseling organizations occupy a complicated space — on one hand, they need to manage their own lives and mental health, and on the other, they’ve volunteered to support fellow students through their struggles.
Into the Elephant's Den
Four years ago, the Harvard Republican Club chose not to endorse Donald Trump, denouncing his “racial slander” as a “threat to the survival of the Republic.” Several weeks ago, the same club released a very different decision, not only endorsing the President but describing his policies as leading to “the most prosperous and safe lives for Black Americans.” So, what changed? Exploring a central group chat described as a “lion’s den,” a previous election characterized by “Harvard snakery to the millionth degree,” and the experience of two women on the club’s board, The Crimson dug into the factors behind the club’s controversial reversal.
A Driveway Full of Shining Eyes
Even though Boston Symphony Hall stands silent today, its music is "coming to life again" in Benjamin Zander's driveway. "Since May, Benjamin Zander’s two-car driveway on Brattle Street has slowly filled with live music; the audience now reaches 200 guests, spread out across the driveway and down the street, all wearing masks."Simpson taboo sex pics gallery. Jessica simpson free nude video. Rallo tubbs porn pic family guy jessica lovejoy lisa simpson.
Asian school girl trailer compilation. Continue reading sexy photos of jessica simpson. Alexandra is no stranger to money.
I am sure he knows that jessica simpson is damaged goods. All the fappening hacked compilations. Watch nicola kiss at freeones free sex videos, photo sets and biography.
Exciting blonde nude dances in the jacuzzi. Naked pics jessica barton nude.
Oh i have a million of rhymes for vagina. Her techniques are built upon john paul mitchell systems, tg and vidal sassoon.
Watch the most popular young sexy ass porn tube videos online for free on pornpoly. Looking for the best massage in fountain valley. He is pure and kind, but has no communication skills and has a mind of his own, jamie lynn sigler bikini pics. You've found what you are looking wwe diva renee young porn videos.
Japanese clit twitching orgasm close up. Free car sexy boobs hq porn car sexy boobs videos an download it. So, we get to see the blond-haired celebrity getting out of the car rather awkwardly and accidentally flashing her sexy black panties. Jessica simpson upskirt pictures.
Free jessica shears porn pics and jessica shears pictures. Yet duterte's heavy hand is starting to take a toll on the philippine economy. Bart simpson fucking pebbles flintstone bart simpson fucking homer simpson gay bart simpson fucks. In controls, neither the stoma nor the anastomosis site developed stenosis.
Pornj - largest archive of nikki dial sex films.
Intriguing jessica simpson topless selfie ass pics. I liked an architecture there and there is a lot of space to just walk and rest. Watch homemade black sex tapes videos on letmejerk.Everpower single phase Oil Filled Distribution Transformers are specially designed for the decentralization distribution network of servicing residential
overhead distribution loads of town and countryside(rural area). They are also suitable for light and diversified power applications. Everpower is specialized in Silicon Steel and Amorphous Metal Transformer.
Applicable Standard :
IEEE C57.12.00, ANSI C 57.12.20
IEC 60076
Standard Features (Conventional type)
• Heavy-duty lifting lugs and hanger brackets.
• Tank grounding provisions
• Pressure Relief Device
• High- and low-voltage porcelain bushing(s) with eyebolt terminal (10~100KVA) or spade terminal.
• Round Tank for aesthetic appearance
• Powder Coated Tank Body – Excellent finish (Optional)
• Stainless steel nameplate.
• 18 months standard warranty
• After sales maintenance and spare parts serviceMedical Malpractice
Medical Malpractice Lawyers
Top Rated Annapolis Medical Malpractice Lawyer
Medical Malpractice Lawyers helping Maryland Victims of Medical Mistakes
Medical Errors
Legal Help for Medical Malpractice Victims
The medical malpractice lawyers at Patterson Law handle nursing home, birth injury, misdiagnosis, physical therapy, chiropractic and surgical error cases. The types of medical malpractice cases handled by Patterson Law are thoroughly described and may be reviewed on our medical malpractice website. Medical errors occur frequently.
Complication Rates are an Excuse
Medical Complications due to Malpractice
Medical malpractice cases are routinely defended based on known complication rates. The medical malpractice defense argument follows this pattern.
- Patients may be told that a complication X occurs 1% of the time procedure Y is performed.
- Procedure Y is performed.
- Complication X occurs.
- The doctor argues that he did nothing wrong because complication Y is a known risk of procedure Y.
For certain complications this argument is valid. But for many other medical procedures this argument is deeply flawed. This medical malpractice defense argument relies on the superior medical knowledge of the doctor over the patient. By applying this defense to car accident claims it become clear that the defense has a limited application.
- There is a 1% chance that a driver will be hit from behind while stopped at a traffic light.
- The driver is hit from behind at a traffic light by a distracted driver.
- The driver argues that the accident is not his fault because this was a known risk of driving.
That type of defense would never succeed in a car accident case, but the same logic can properly be applied to a car accident due to a sudden medical emergency.
- There is a 1% chance that a driver will be hit by a seemingly healthy motorist that has an unforeseen heart attack and loses control of his car.
- The driver is hit by another motorist who had an unexpected heart attack.
- The heart attack victim argues that he was not at fault because he did nothing wrong and an unexpected heart attack was not something that he was able to prevent.
A careful review of medical records, standard of care guidelines and independent medical reviews are often needed to determine whether a complication of a medical procedure occurred due to a medical mistake as opposed to bad luck. The medical malpractice lawyers at Patterson Law offer free consultations at their Annapolis and Bowie offices.
The average medical malpractice claim that goes to trial in the United States takes three and half years to resolve.
Medical Mistakes are the third-leading cause of death in America
Medical Errors
Numerous studies have attempted to quantify the number of people that are killed due to medical malpractice. The studies most likely underestimate the actual numbers due to a culture among healthcare providers to keep quiet about errors. The number of deaths per year due to medical errors at hospitals is estimated to be between 210,000 and 440,000.
If you suffered a serious injury or a loved one died while under the care of a doctor an investigation into the cause of the injury or death may be appropriate. The statistics indicate that if the death or injury was due to a medical error you can not count on a confession. The medical malpractice lawyers at Patterson Law offer free consultations to discuss whether a medical error may be to blame.
Working with George was just great. He listened to me thoroughly and was very compassionate about my case and situation. During the entire process, he was very forthcoming with information that he found and gave lots of suggestions and examples for previous experiences.
A personal injury client.
Tragic consequences from medical malpractice are rarely accompanied by a simple apology. No one should have to wait the nearly three and half years that it takes for the average medical malpractice case to resolve for a jury or a settlement to take the place of an apology.
George Patterson, Medical Malpractice Lawyer
what to do
George Patterson is a board certified civil trial attorney and a board certified civil pretrial attorney by the National Board of Trial Advocacy..What is a star of the event price? If you want to know exactly what a bride price are, then you have come to the right place. A bride price is the amount of money the fact that groom pays for the bride and any other dependents such as kids if virtually any. Bride price are usually paid on the wedding, usually about one month prior to the wedding. It varies from state to state, but also in most claims a bride cost is paid for the same things a bride would probably pay for in her wedding ceremony, such as a bridal gown, flowers, reception, cake, music, and gift items.
Usually, the family of possibly the bride or the soon-to-be husband will pay for the purpose of the wedding, since they such as the bride greatly. However , this does not always happen, so in that case, the soon-to-be husband will usually shell out the dough. If you are having a wedding in an Islamic country, the payment may additionally be created by the vorbeter, or mosque leader. In several European ethnicities, a groomsman will usually come with the bridegroom to the marriage. He will carry the ring or perhaps give it to the groom when he gives the bride-to-be a bridal bouquet or will take her jewelry away over the wedding day.
Problem “What is mostly a bride price tag? ” may be answered very often throughout history, and each period the response has been “a bit. inch It is just among those things in lifestyle that is a tad harder to set a price in, especially when it comes to the family’s part. Ideally, this article features given you a lot of insight into college thinks bride cost is, and why the amount is extremely important to a guy before he gets committed.Cricket Cricket Sangakkara calls for Test pay minimum to stop T20 exodus Kumar Sangakkara has called for Test cricket to introduce a minimum match fee for all countries to stop young players ditching the long-form for lucrative Twenty20 leagues. AFP Hong Kong: 07 February, 2018 15:33 IST Sangakkara after retiring has continued playing for domestic T20 franchises around the world. - AFP AFP Hong Kong: 07 February, 2018 15:33 IST Sri Lankan veteran Kumar Sangakkara has called for Test cricket to introduce a minimum match fee for all countries to stop young players ditching the long-form for lucrative Twenty.Ncric.- Tests 'the pinnacle' -Players from poorer nations can often earn more in the Twenty."Sangakkara, who is appearing for Galaxy Gladiators Lantau in this week's Hong Kong tournament, also praised the shorter format for extending his career."T20 is definitely the easiest format at my age to stay competitive in," said Sangakkara, who retired from the first-class game in September.Sangakkara went out at the top with a remarkable final flourish for Surrey in the English county championship, finishing as the competition's top scorer with 1,491 runs at an average of 106.50."I'm definitely a has-been!" he joked. Read more stories on Cricket. For more updates, follow Sportstar on :Men of God
We pursue Christ-centered integrity as we anchor ourselves in God’s Word daily.
Men of Faith
We step into our calling by leveraging our unique influence in our everyday lives.
Men of Action
We put our faith and God-given gifts into action as we seek Kingdom impact.
Men Of God
The day-to-day journey of a Christian businessman in today’s world is increasingly challenging. But that also means the need for strong men of God to rise up and lead with integrity is greater than ever.
What does being a man of God look like in daily life? Meet some real Gideons who will share their own experiences.
Do others see Christ in you?
As Gideons, we seek a deeper relationship with Christ by practicing the spiritual disciplines of:
- Daily Bible reading
- Scripture memorization
- Prayer and encouragement
We know the Christian journey can feel lonely at times. We come together as brothers in Christ to support one another and experience growth through:
- Fellowship and discipleship
- Mentorship and accountability
- Prayer and encouragement
Your TESTIMONY matters.
Men Of Faith
Gideon men influence our homes, workplaces, churches and communities as we step into our callings and use our unique gifts to fulfill the Great Commission; leveraging our unique influence every day.
What is your spiritual legacy?
Your professional skills and influence can advance Kingdom work. Together, we sharpen our God-given talents through:
- Studying
- Training
- Application
Leveraging the unique influence we have in our daily lives, we boldly share Christ with people in our:
- Workplaces
- Churches
- Communities
- Homes
Your Witness Matters.
Men Of Action
The Gideons International mobilizes Christian business and professional men who are seeking Kingdom impact; empowering them to put their faith and God-given talents into action to share the Gospel with the world, impacting lives every day.
How are you making an impact for the Kingdom?
God has called us to share His Word with the world. Together, we accomplish this by:
- Placing Bibles in strategic places
- Distributing Testaments for personal use
We partner with local churches to experience a greater impact on local communities and the world by:
- Encouraging and praying with pastors
- Inspiring congregations with testimonies of God’s work
- Providing believers opportunities to support the ministry
Your IMPACT matters.
Are you ready to leverage your influence for impact?
Fill out the form below to receive a series of emails about how membership in The Gideons International can help you share Christ with the world.: Actinide Hydrometallurgy Waste-to-Resource filter Waste-to-Resource
- Air Emissions 3 Apply Air Emissions filter
- Renewables - Waste 3 Apply Renewables - Waste filter
- Advanced / Alternative Fuels 2 Apply Advanced / Alternative Fuels filter
- Bioenergy 2 Apply Bioenergy filter
- Biofuel 2 Apply Biofuel filter
- Biorefinery 2 Apply Biorefinery filter
- Combined Heat and Power 2 Apply Combined Heat and Power filter
- Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Reduction 2 Apply Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Reduction filter
- Renewable Fuels 2 Apply Renewable Fuels filter
- Biomass co-firing 1 Apply Biomass co-firing filter
- Electric & Hybrid Vehicles 1 Apply Electric & Hybrid Vehicles filter
- Energy End Use 1 Apply Energy End Use filter
- Energy Storage 1 Apply Energy Storage filter
- Energy technology 1 Apply Energy technology filter
- Engines 1 Apply Engines filter
- Fossil Fuels 1 Apply Fossil Fuels filter
- Radioactive Waste - High level 1 Apply Radioactive Waste - High level filter
- Radioactive Waste - Low level 1 Apply Radioactive Waste - Low level filter
- Refineries 1 Apply Refineries filter
- Thermal Energy Storage 1 Apply Thermal Energy Storage filter
- Waste heat capture and utilization 1 Apply Waste heat capture and utilization filter
- Water Treatment 1 Apply Water Treatment filter
- Environment 3 Apply Environment filter
- Technology 2 Apply Technology filter
- Agro-micrometeorology 1 Apply Agro-micrometeorology filter
- Earth Sciences 1 Apply Earth Sciences filter
- Effluents 1 Apply Effluents filter
- Groundwater 1 Apply Groundwater filter
- Infrastructure 1 Apply Infrastructure filter
- Mercury 1 Apply Mercury filter
- Metallurgy 1 Apply Metallurgy filter
- Metals 1 Apply Metals filter
- Mineral Processing 1 Apply Mineral Processing filter
- Mining 1 Apply Mining filter
- Rehabilitation 1 Apply Rehabilitation filter
- Sciences 1 Apply Sciences filter
- Technologies 1 Apply Technologies filter
- Treatment 1 Apply Treatment filter
- Urban 1 Apply Urban filter
- Waste Management 1 Apply Waste Management filterNotify me when the price drops
We will email you if we find a lower price on this product!
Stylus Pencil for Apple iPad 6th/7th/Mini 5th Gen/Pro 11&12.9''/Air 3rd extends all the best elements with a wonderful low price of 19.99$ which is a deal. It holds manifold aspects including Stylus Pen, for iPad 2018(6th gen), iPad and For Apple.Store Now may also like Stylus Screen Active for 2018-2020 Product Features: upgrade 】With new upgrade now upgraded to a new Light, Brief with oz 0.8mm tip drawing. no disconnection problem, no pressure sensor, no deviation writing, high accuracy. tip】 Capacitive Stylus and Resistive Combination. copper tip the accuracy and superior control.The be used without electricity. 【Palm Rejection Writing Feeling】-- Upgraded stylus pen for you can on screen an better-using Precision & No Lag】-- latest Pro equipped a mm fiber which more and sensitive，no to small letters.Are capers a Superfood?.
What is the difference between capers and caper berries?
As mentioned above, capers and caperberries both come from the caper bush, but capers are the unopened buds of the bush, while caperberries are the fruit of the bush. Caperberries are also pickled, usually found with the stem on, and are typically served with cocktails as an alternative to olives.
Are capers bad for diabetics?
Diabetes: Use caution while taking this supplement. Capers might lower blood sugar in people with diabetes. Watch for signs of low blood sugar (hypoglycemia) and monitor your blood sugar carefully if you have diabetes and use capers in medicinal amounts.
Are capers quercetin?
Capers – immature flower buds of Capparis spinosa – have been consumed for food and medicinal purposes for millennia. Capers are the richest known natural source of quercetin, the most consumed dietary flavonoid.
Are capers healthy for you?
Capers contain a variety of antioxidants, which play an important role in limiting oxidative stress and may even help to reduce the risk of some kinds of cancer. Capers are also a source of: Vitamin A. Vitamin E.
Are capers bad for cholesterol?
It also found to reduce LDL cholesterol levels in obese individuals. The spicy buds contain healthy levels of vitamins such as vitamin A, vitamin K, niacin, and riboflavin. Niacin helps lower LDL cholesterol.
Are capers good for you?
Are capers a berry?
The plant is best known for the edible flower buds (capers), used as a seasoning, and the fruit (caper berries), both of which are usually consumed pickled. Other species of Capparis are also picked along with C….Caper.
Are Capers healthy?
Are capers bad for your heart?
The quercetin found in capers may trick KCNQ channels into opening, thereby promoting healthier heart activity.
Are capers good for kidneys?
In Ayurvedic medicine capers are recorded as hepatic stimulants and protectors, improving liver function. Capers have reported uses for arteriosclerosis, as diuretics, kidney disinfectants, vermifuges and tonics.
Are there any health benefits to caper berries?
The flowers ultimately produce oblong, multi-seeded, edible fruits known as caper berries. Caper berries and young shoots with leaves may also be picked and pickled. Capers have a pleasant flavor with surprising health benefits. Capers are one of the delicious plants that are grown in the Mediterranean regions.
What kind of nutrients do Capers have in them?
Although capers are very low in calories, they provide a good amount of several key nutrients. In particular, the capers nutrition profile is high in fiber, sodium and vitamin K — as well as several other micronutrients, such as iron and copper.
How many calories are in Capers flower buds?
Being flower buds, capers are, in fact, very low in calories; provide just 23 calories per 100 g. Nonetheless, this spice contains many phytonutrients, antioxidants, and vitamins essential for optimum health.
How many carbs are in a tablespoon of capers?
Nutrition summary: There are 2 calories in 1 tablespoon of drained Capers. Calorie breakdown: 21% fat, 53% carbs, 26% protein.Description
Terry naturally curamed dietary supplement offers 500 mg. of full-spectrum curcuminoids per softgel to help promote a healthy inflammation response. our patented supplement contains curcumin and turmerones to help reduce free-radical damage, support immune function and boost brain, heart and liver health. the softgel supplements in each 60 count bottle are free of harmful solvents and contain a high antioxidant orac value.
Ingredients
Other ingredients: medium chain triglycerides, gelatin, glycerin, sunflower lecithin, beeswax, purified water, and turmeric in sunflower oil (softgel color).
Usage Instructions
Recommendations: 1 softgel daily, may increase as desired.
Warnings
If pregnant or nursing, consult a healthcare practitioner before using..How To Order Dress In Shein
Standard SHEIN free delivery is available on orders over 40 and costs 4 otherwise. I wear it loose to the park with sneakers and belted when I want a waist.
Whether youre searching for swimwear gorge club clothes or business casual outfits SHEIN has the merchandise for you.
How to order dress in shein. Students get 20 off. Shein plus size is also available for ladies with a fuller figure. In my opinion Instagram clothes are clothes that only look good for the gram or an occasional wear.
SHEIN Basically Sells Instagram Clothes. Discover SHEIN Products Online at Jumia Egypt - Explore a Wide Collection of Original SHEIN Products. But the gingham print cami dress is exceptionally popular.
Upto 44 OFF On SHEIN Outfits SHEIN Promo Code. Dress Wedges. Free Shipping on Orders 1800 COD 15-days Returns from the date of delivery.
48 out of 5 5 Add To Cart. Free Returns Free Shipping On Orders 49. The dress above is one ordered from Shein that is the brand name Milumia Amazon is also a great option if youre nervous about the shipping time from Shein as a lot of the Shein merchandise on Amazon is also part of Prime Delivery.
Gingham print cami dress. Sizing can be a little tough with SheIn. This site is cute and trendy but definitely more expensive than SHEIN.
Some people put a lot on the line behind your products every single day. Our wide selection is elegible for free shipping and free returns. SHEIN share ideas about fashion and beauty.
My order was sent by Shein only to be told by Buffalo to pay R26555. ROVE is a consciously made feel good fashion label for light-hearted holiday feels. Whether youre looking for Shein dresses tops or a bikini this fashion house has you covered.
SHEIN Floral Scallop Trim. 1 dress for good sammies 1 dress is okay for around the house and 1 dress will be okay when I. I almost never place an order on Shein without expecting to do a return for at least some of the items.
3598 reviews for SHEIN 29 stars. Free Shipping Returns. If you have any queries about sizes delivery payment or any problems you might have with your order someone will be happy to help.
SHEIN Ditsy Floral Print Off Shoulder Lettuce Edge Dress-9852. The good the bad share referral codes and have fun. Click to find latest fashion clothig at SHEIN big discount buy more save more500 New Arrivals Dropped Daily.
My favorite recent Shein purchase this little dress is perfect for hot summer days but will transition really easily into fall layered with a sweater or denim jacket. Crafted with small spaghetti straps and a classic style this hot number is perfect for all seasons. SHEIN coupon code Egypt is not needed to unlock this deal.
With a SHEIN discount code picked up from the website the newsletter or right here at BravoVouchercouk you can look forward to unlocking an even better offer at the checkout. If you do decide to order from Shein odds are that youll be pleasantly surprised. Upon query with Shein Gwen I was informed that I should reject the order if I am not happy.
All their pieces are nice. Whats the bottom line. SHEIN prides itself on offering on-trend styles catering to both young women and teens that wont break the bank.
Is Shein True to Size. Porcelain Print Pencil Dress coincidentally available at both Romwe and Shein Cute Face Print Top and Red Lips Pajama Set coincidentally also available at both Romwe and Shein although its currently sold out at Romwe 4. Purchase corset maxi dress button dress floral dress or any other.
Every piece is ethically made using only plant-based fibres. SHEIN is able to stay on top of the latest fashion trends from around the globe while rapidly bringing these styles to market. I had shopped with SheIn years ago and didnt have a great experience.
Do apply a Shein coupon code during checkout to redeem a lesser price. Help Center Place track order Order Cancellation Returns Refunds Payment Jumia account. A simple dress runs about 80 and a simple top runs about 55.
I ordered 4 items I put 1 top in the bin it was so poorly made. Dress up your kids in their favorite colors and patterns available on Shein. Register with SHEIN to get 3 off your first order which is just the start of the perks.
Free Shipping On Orders 49 Free Returns 1000 New Arrivals Dropped Daily. Simply check the SHEIN sizing guides that are available on each individual product page. This is just something that has to be in the back of your mind as you are picking up a top or a dress from SHEIN.
A place to discuss fashion and Shein clothes. You can shop for infants toddlers and teens. A simple dress runs around 65 and a top around 45.
This time I purchased about 150 worth of shirts bottoms a dress a lingerie set and a couple of jewelry pieces. I try to make my orders large enough that I get both free shipping and free returns. Discover affordable and fashionable womens clothing online at SHEIN.
Get upto 46 dicount on your SHEIN order. I am very disappointed with Shein for false advertising about free shipment. Whilst SHEIN specialises in affordable fashion savvy shoppers and bargain hunters are always on the lookout for a way to score an even better offer.
Save on your SHEIN UK order with a discount code. If your order is above 45 then Shein will deliver it for free. SHEIN Drawstring Knot Front Dress- Women Dresses at SHEIN.
However with so many recent reviews being great and free returns on your first order I figured I would give them another chance. New garbs added daily. Also very trendy but much pricer than SHEIN.
They make no mention of extra customs duties that one may have to pay. Free Returns Free Shipping On Orders 49. SHEIN Pearl Button Detail Mermaid Hem Dress- Women Dresses at SHEIN.
Shein fashion ships worldwide to 220 countries. Discover the trendy womens clothing shoes bags more with SHEIN.
Green V Neck Tie Waist Maxi Dress Shein Sheinside Lace Dress Casual Lace Party Dresses Tie Waist Maxi Dress
Flowers Applique Beading Floral Dress Shein Sheinside Women Long Dresses Dresses Long Dress
Frill Neck Ditsy Floral A Line Dress Shein Long Sleeve Skater Dress Casual Dresses For Women Casual Dress
Free Returns Free Shipping On Orders 49 Landscape Print Ruffled Maxi Dress Dresses At Shein Maxi Dress Printed Maxi Dress Stand Collar Dress
Shein Vikend Casual Zelena Flutter Rukav Kratki Rukav Split Kravata Natrag Cvrst Stalak Ovratnik Halji Stand Collar Dress Flutter Dress Midi Dress With Sleeves
Ditsy Floral Print Ruffle Hem Dress In 2021 Summer Dresses Modest Dresses Modest Outfits
Shein Summer Finds Gracefulandfree Dresses Rompers Skirts Dresses Stylish Women Fashion Fashion
Bathroom remodel OKC | the right job.
Whenever you’re trying to find the right people for the right job for your bathroom remodel OKC solution then you need to see were going to be able to offer you because we want the word-of-mouth that we generate to be able to work with you and work in your benefits of the time and time again. Your able to get the results that you want. Don’t hesitate any longer and don’t waste another minute for pick up the phone to at the end of the day we want you to be able to find the best solutions ever. So call us up to learn more.
If you’re wanting to get started. Then you need to see were able to find it how we’re going to be able to bring you the bathroom remodel OKC that you’re wanting to find and how your gonna be able to get the results that you want is going to be for your benefit pick up the phone and let us work with you, especially if you’re looking for the bathroom remodel solution that is going to be available for you time and time again do not really sure where to go from here how to get started. Were going be please work with you.
At the end the day there’s only one thing that matters and that is that you going to get the end result that you’re wanting to see. Because at the best people on the job there’s really nothing that you’re wanting to get that is not to be incomplete because we want to show you that were gonna be able to get you the most complete and the most perfect job taken care of see your bathroom is going look so beautiful for example were going to be able to show you that were gonna be able to set up WebCams that you can be able to see what’s going on in the construction parts that you and if you’re not home your gonna be able to knowing what’s happening.
These WebCams that we do were gonna be able to see exactly what you’re needing to get in time and time again your gonna be blown away with what you’re going to be able to find out of all the bathroom places that we help with the were going to be so glad to work with us because were going be passionate us show you that the bathroom remodel OKC options we have are going be the best because nobody else in the industry can compete with us. Nobody else can measure up to the quality of service that we do and nobody can measure up to what were able to find
At the end of the day the only thing matters that you get the best people on the job, especially if you’re trying to find some it is going to be coming into your home and getting it worked on there. This any calls up-to-date. You can be able to see everything were able to offer you so don’t waste time for letting us work with you and helping you out this way. Pick up the phone if you want to learn more and call 405-400-9644 to get the prime construction on the job or you can go online to.
Bathroom remodel OKC | word-of-mouth
One of things the need look at when you’re trying to find the best people to get your bathroom remodel OKC finishes a who is going to be here and who is going be able to show you all the things that you need to know and how are going be able to get you the best solutions time time again that you’re wanting to see. Don’t hesitate any longer and don’t waste another minute for working with yourself time and time again to get the best options ever. We’re going to be here for you so call Prime Construction Services today.
If you had a bad experience with the company in the past that you in your little bit worry about working with another contractor of in early sure about what to do because you know you want to get the bathroom remodel OKC finish, but you’re not really sure how to get that done because your inexperience and you don’t want to hire some the else again was what you ladies and let us do everything we can to make sure that you get the peace of mind that you deserve with your construction project.
Because were gonna be able to help you out in the best results your gonna see that the end the day the bathroom remodel OKC job that you’re wanting to complete is going to be taken care of in a way that nobody else can match one of things that we do to make sure that you have peace throughout the entire process is that you are going to be able to slip through your phone to at a WebCam that were gonna set up so that you can get the birds eye view of what’s going on in your project at all time.
Don’t hesitate any longer and don’t waste time for letting it show you all the different ways that we can bring you forward how are going to be able to show you the bathroom remodel OKC solution that is going be top-of-the-line that at the end of the day. You’re going be able to rest easy knowing that your job is going be finishes going to finish by the best pick up the phone today. If you’re wanting to learn more and let us show you exactly were able to do for you.
If this on the something you might want to use, but you’re not really sure how you need to listen to what I have to offer you and how are going be able to bring you the step-by-step solution that you’re needing to follow call 405-400-9644 the day to talk to Prime Construction Services whenever you do your gonna be thrilled to see all the options we have here on.This Insinkerator H-View-SN satin nickel hot water dispenser has been opened but the inner boxes are still factory sealed. Guaranteed complete, new and free of damage. The item "Insinkerator Involve H-View-SN instant Hot Water Dispenser Satin Nickel NEW" is in sale since Monday, January 11, 2021. This item is in the category "Home & Garden\Kitchen, Dining & Bar\Small Kitchen Appliances\Hot & Cold Water Dispensers". The seller is "radiobsession" and is located in Traff.Name Gino represents about 0.0225% of italian population (99° most common name), that corresponds approximately to 13569 people and 0.239 of region's population.
The geographical distribution of the name Gino in Region Lazio
© 2006-2021 ItaliaNames.com - All rights reserved - ItaliaNames.com is proudly made in Italy by Nomix s.r.l.
Tax ID: IT02941300044 - Email: info - About usInterested in Life Bloom Organics Nano Hemp Sleep Spray. CBD Find yourself looking for a boost?
Out of stock. SKU: 850007038038 Categories: Nu Bloom Botanica Nu Bloom Botanicals - Nano Hemp Sleep Spray - COME BACK DAILY CBD Trouble sleeping? You’re not alone. Discover our high dose intra-oral spray that leverages the healing powers of the hemp plant plus traditional sleep support ingredients to help you doze. Our innovative delivery method ensures that you get the results you want, faster.
Life Bloom Organics CBD Oral Spray - Muscle Recovery - Direct CBD
CBD Pills & Capsules use CBD in an encapsulated form for easy consumption. It's discreet Life Bloom Organics- Nano Hemp Muscle Recovery Spray. $40.00.
Description. That time of the month? Life Bloom Organics ‘Nano’ hemp is formulated with vitamin B-6, magnesium, chasteberry and calcium to help ease common PMS discomfort such as headaches, cramps, fatigue, mood swings, bloating, and joint pain.
Life Bloom Organics - Nano Hemp Muscle Recovery Lotion | Buy Is Life Bloom Organics a good CBD company? | CBD Scouts Company Information. Life Bloom Organics started where the salt air dances with the sand and sea in Los Angeles, California. We believe in the endemic, healing qualities of the hemp plant and its use as an alternative or addition to Western medicine. 8 Expert-Recommended CBD and CBD Oil Products to Know About - 25.06.2019 · Life Bloom Organics Nano Hemp Sleep Spray. View photos .
Karezza is the newest brand from RISE Life Science, developer of cannabis-based supplements Karezza products are made with organic CBD sourced from US Farm Bill hemp, and manufactured using Life Bloom Organics LTD Feb 1, 2019 Life Bloom Organics' proprietary 'Nano' hemp extract oral sprays can be found “With hemp CBD regulations opening up, it's the right time for Aug 12, 2019 What 24 hours would look like if you chose a CBD product for everything.
Extracted from certified organic, non-GMO premium hemp… Life Bloom Organics CBD Oral Spray - Intimacy - Direct CBD Online Description Life Bloom Organics CBD Oral Spray – Intimacy. Life Bloom Organics CBD Oral Spray – Intimacy combines ‘Nano’ hemp extract with traditional arousal-enhancing botanicals — like cordyceps, horny goat weed, and Yohimbe bark — to help you relax, get in the mood, and enjoy the moment. Life Bloom Organics - 99% Pure CBD Sleep Intra Oral Spray 99% Pure CBD Sleep Intra Oral Spray.
Now when we Life Bloom Organics creates all natural, organic wellness and sleep products featuring our proprietary 'Nano' hemp CBD formula to help people feel their best. Life Bloom Organics produces and markets nanotized, hemp-based CBD wellness and sleep aid oral sprays with non-GMO, all natural ingredients. Life Bloom Life Bloom Organics has released a new Nano Hemp Muscle Recovery Formula.
Life Bloom Organics is excited to announce the first high dose 120mg Nano CBD (Hemp Extracted) Sleep Formula in a Micronized Intra-Oral Spray. Life Bloom Organics CBD Oral Spray - PMS : cbdqualityproducts.org Life Bloom Organics CBD Oral Spray – PMSThat time of the month? Try Life Bloom Organics CBD Oral Spray – PMS! This ‘Nano’ hemp is formulated with vitamin B-6, magnesium, chasteberry, and calcium to help ease common PMS discomfort such as bloating, fatigue, cramps, and mood swings.Made with certified organic, non-GMO hemp extract grown in the USA, this intra-oral spray utilizes an Life Bloom Organics - Posts | Facebook Life Bloom Organics CBD lotion will be applied by instructors @mychalangelo and @erin_rose_ward during the movement practices to support muscle and joint relaxation. The use of CBD in combination with the intentional posturing and breathing will allow for the healing of body, mind, and heart.
95 MSRP. Share. Share on Twitter Share on Facebook.cbd-öl für chronische schmerzen kanada
schmerz drei tage gnade 1 stunde
hanfsamenöl für hauterkrankungen
wie werde ich übelkeit aus angst los_
großhandel hanfsamenextrakt
sacred leaf cbd zutaten
- Unteraktives endocannabinoidsystem
- Hemplucid full spectrum cbd softgels
- Hempmeds puerto rico
- Cbd oil canada
- Kapstadt cbd ereignisse heute
- Cbd königlicher sanitäter
We operate with the strong belief that the hemp plant is a vital element of any healthy lifestyle. We create all natural, organic wellness and sleep products featuring our proprietary ‘Nano’ hemp CBD formula to help people feel their Premium Nano Hemp - Reviews and Testimonials | Life Bloom Organic Read real user reviews of Life Bloom Organics formulaws. We created our line of health & wellness products made with premium nanotized hemp extract to help our customers feel their best. Life Bloom Organics: Health, Powered by Nature | Leafly Born of the salt, sand, and sea, Life Bloom Organics is a Los Angeles-based health and wellness company.ReportEmbed
Asian babe sucking hard on the big fat dick
Related Videos
7:58Asian nurse gives the best titty fuck to the dude100% Like5 years ago 8:00Big ass Asian schoolgirl sucks fucks and toyed100% Like3 years ago 7:58Desirable Japanese Hottie Gulps A Hard Pulsating Dick100% Like4 years ago 8:00Sucking and later on fucking on her back100% Like9 months3 years ago 14:09Asian Hottie Is Getting A Well Deserved Banging100% Like2 years ago 8:00Asian Babe With A Sweet Ass Gets To Fuck Wildly100% Like5 years ago 7:51Cute small titty Asian babe laid out and banged100% Like4 years ago 8:00Tied by her hands brunette chick getting her wet pussy hammer100% Like4 years ago 8:00Dicking down an Asian chick with a dick and a vibrator100% Like9 months ago04 Mar Veterinary Neurology Seminar in Bellingham
We would like to thank the many veterinarians from the Bellingham area who attended our neurology seminar on Wednesday February 25th. Dr. Gordon spoke about seizure activity in companion animals as well as about intervertebral disc disease.
This continuing education seminar was organized by the Tri-County Veterinary Medical Association and took place at Bellingham Technical College. The college’s culinary department prepared a delicious buffet for guests which kept us going back for more!
Dr. Gordon feels that neurology might not be as exciting for everyone as it is for himself but the humorous side of him makes up for it in a big way. Dr. Gordon thoroughly enjoyed engaging with his audience until late that evening.
As we are only about 20 minutes from the border, we often see patients from Washington State that require specialty services offered by BBVSH. It was a great pleasure for Dr. Gordon to be able to meet some of the referring veterinarians from just across the line.
Dr. Peter Gordon explains the clinical signs of seizure activity ‘The 5 Losses’
After a delicious dinner, guests listen to Dr. Gordon speak about Seizures as well as Intervertebral Disc Disease.
Dr. Gordon shares video footage of a seizuring patient.
Dr. Gordon always manages to entertain whatever crowd he speaks to. Yes – that is Dr. Gordon in the SCUBA gear 🙂- Available as a kit
- New 2021
TELESCOPIC ADJUSTMENT
Long reach for cutting high branches
BRUSHLESS MOTOR
To deliver maximum power and run time for tough jobs
FAST CHAIN SPEED
A best in class 22m/s cuts thick branches with easeAPJ: Conversation with Bill McDermott at Tsinghua University, Beijing, China, 14th Jan, 2016
SAP University Alliances China Successfully co-work with marketing team on the organization of Bill McDermott Conversation for Tsinghua Eminent Entrepreneur lectures which was hosted by Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management (school of SEM) on 14th Jan 2016. Tsinghua is ranked 25th in the QS World University Rankings and considered the flagship institute of China higher learning.The University regularly invited the popular international well-known business leaders to share their wisdom and experience in Tsinghua eminent Entrepreneur lectures. There were 300+ Tsinghua University Students and around 50+ SAP early talent program students came and listened his conversation.
The Head of China Labs Mr. Ruicheng Li , The Head of SAP Great China Marketing Ms.Lijun Sun and other executives of SAP China have participated the event. At the very beginning the Dean of School of SEM Professor Ying Qian has given an welcome opening for Bill and introduced SAP to all.
The major topic of the lecture is “Winner Dream”, Bill shared the struggle throughout his career, although from the ordinary family, he was with the desire for success, enthusiasm, dedication and hard work eventually achieved extraordinary success. Regarding succeed, he emphasized on the need to have empathy for our customers and even detractors so that we can listen and learn from them. Students were so encouraged by Bill’s career legend and there were so many students raised their hands highly for getting a chance to ask question to Bill during the Q&A session.Finally Bill signed his book named” Winner Dream” to those students who are coming to the stage for his signature.
Before the event start the Head of UA China Jenny Yang and UA manager Carol Shao leverage the students In Tsinghua University to post the poster of Bill’s lecture in the campus and also conducted 3 activity promotion lectures in different schools of Tsing Hua. Finally there were 300+ Tsing Hua university students registered for the lecture. On the event day UA also in charge of the organization, registration and Interview of students. Finally special thanks for close cooperation from the teams of James Lee The COO of Great China and Lijun Sun The Head of Great China Marketing. With the effort together we made the Bill’s conversation very success!Big Band
The Big Band is one of the most requested function bands in KL available Malaysia wide.
Continue Reading Big Band
Isaac – Solo Singer & Guitarist
Well known within the Malaysian music scene as a proficient loop pedal artist, Isaac plays shows big and small, mesmerizing audiences with his airy vocals, intricate harmonies and percussion layers.
Continue Reading Isaac – Solo Singer & Guitarist
Christmas Carolers
Hire Carol Singers in Kuala Lumpur Christmas Santarinas is an Ensemble of Carol Singers that consist of a Collective of Singers from various Churches in the Klang Valley. They are…
Eddie’s Jazz Ensemble
Amazingly Talented and Versatile Jazz Collective based in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia and available to perform all around the county. No strangers to the most exclusive events in KL and all…
Darryl Singer Guitarist
Looking for a solo singer guitarist for your next event? Then look no further than Darryl, a solo musician for hire in KL & throughout Asia.What is Technographic Data? (And Why It Matters)
Digital transformation is more than just a buzzword — as noted by Forbes, 70% of companies have already deployed a strategy to improve digital service and solution uptake or are actively working on one.
And, in 2019 alone, enterprises spent more than 2 trillion dollars worldwide to help drive digital adoption and improve overall organizational performance.
For product and service providers in the technology industry, this presents an opportunity: If B2B sales teams can determine where enterprises are struggling with digital transformation initiatives, they can improve targeted marketing efforts and boost total sales.
But how do they bridge the gap between potential conversions and practical insight? Technographic data. In this piece, we’ll break down what technographic is (and isn’t), how companies can collect this data at scale, and why this data is important to help enhance B2B sales efforts.
Let’s get started.
What is Technographic Data?
Technographics is a portmanteau of the words “technology” and “demographics”, and refers to information that describes the use of technology solutions, their adoption rates, and the potential challenges they present for organizations.
The challenge? This technographics definition isn’t terribly useful without context.
First, let’s talk about what technographics isn’t:
Demographic data
Demographic data focuses on information about people — how many people are employed by a specific organization? What points of contact exist? How have companies’ sizes and staff configurations changed over time, and what’s on the horizon. This information is critical to help identify potential leads and develop initial marketing efforts but offers no insight about technology use.
Firmographic data
Firmographic data refers to information such as company size, product offerings, industries served, total revenues and even physical locations. This data is useful to help create targeted campaigns that drive B2B sales interest but doesn’t include technology metrics or measurements.
So what exactly is technographic data? Put simply, it’s the practical application of information about the technology stack used by a prospective customer — everything from the infrastructure and network tools they’re using to the applications they prefer and the adoption rate of these applications at scale.
Effectively used, technographic data can help companies align their product offerings with digital transformation needs and capture client interest.
Worth mentioning? There’s a distinction between pure technographic data and social technographic data. While technographic data speaks to the use of software, hardware, and networking technologies within an organization, social technographic data focuses on the consumption and use of social media technologies within an enterprise.
While this is useful for social marketing efforts, it doesn’t serve the same function as technographic data for B2B marketing efforts.
How to Collect Technographic Data
When it comes to collecting technographic data, three broad methods exist:
1. Surveys
The most direct method of collecting technographic data starts at the source: Staff at target companies. Using phone or email surveys, companies attempt to collect information about how technology is adopted, deployed and used to boost B2B efforts. The challenge? Most companies won’t respond to cold-call surveys, and many aren’t willing to provide specific usage data even via email response templates. While this method may provide some generalized use data, it’s often more trouble than it’s worth.
2. Website Scraping
Website scraping tools extract specific information from corporate websites about the apps and services used by enterprises. Although this may produce more accurate results than survey data and without the need to cold call companies, it requires technical expertise to ensure tools are collecting and reporting relevant data. In addition, security controls on websites may limit the type and amount of data that can be collected, and available information may be out-of-date.
3. Third-party Purchasing
The most straightforward way to obtain technographic data is by purchasing it from a reputable data collection provider. Thanks to the rapid uptake of cloud-based SaaS, PaaS, and IaaS solutions, both service providers and data analytics firms now have access to much more robust and reliable technographic data sets than can be purchased by interested parties.
While there are some limitations on this data collection — for example, personal data must be anonymized to ensure compliance with both local and global privacy legislation — enterprises can access massive amounts of usable technographic data with the right third-party provider.
It’s worth keeping in mind, however, that not every provider is created equal. Some promise massive datasets but can’t deliver, while others can’t offer real-time insight. Best bet? Do your research before contracting any technographic data supplier.
Why Technographic Data is Important
On its own, technographic data offers a window into company technology use. Combined with targeted marketing and sales efforts, meanwhile, this information provides a way to significantly improve conversion outcomes.
Four actionable benefits of technographic data include:
1. Improved Segmentation
With accurate data about the use and deployment of technologies within potential customer organizations, companies can better define granular customer segments based on current needs and ongoing priorities to ensure sales resources are used effectively.
2. Enhanced Specificity
Sales leads are often inundated with pitches for new technologies and services. Technographic data lets sales teams speak to specific problems faced by potential clients and quickly capture their interest.
3. Increased Prioritization
Not all leads have the same potential value to companies. But distinguishing lead priority is difficult, especially in an increasingly competitive technology market. Technographic data can help businesses quickly assess which leads are more likely to spend on new solutions and which need more time.
4. Reduced Lead Time
Speaking of time, news announcements about new technology solutions, mergers and acquisitions or product launches offer jumping-off points for successful sales discussions — but only if teams are equipped with relevant technographic data to help connect the dots between news releases and customer needs.
Tactical Technical Targeting
Technographic data makes it possible for marketing and sales teams to create tactical, targeted campaigns that speak to the real-life issues faced by organizations undergoing digital transformation.
By prioritizing in-situ issues and providing comprehensive solutions for emerging challenges using technographic data, B2B efforts can stand out from the crowd and help drive sustainable client conversion.
PERSONAL INJURY
PERSONAL INJURY my office, we examine every area of loss, financial and otherwise, and then develop a plan, within what the law provides, to answer these questions and compensate our clients for the losses they have incurred. If you have been involved in an accident involving an automobile, bus, motorcycle or truck and are seriously hurt, call me right away.
Worker’s Compensation.
Boating Accidents.
Jones Act Claims
Typically,:
httpss://
If you are a seaman and injured in the course of your employment, you should consult with an attorney to see if the law applies to your specific injury and circumstances and to further be informed of your legal rights.
Railway/Subway.
FELA & Railroad Workers.
Train Crossings.
Airplane Accidents.
You only have a short amount of time before you lose your legal rights. Let’s talk about your case, and the best course of.I’ve read a lot of reviews of How to be a Woman; some loved it, some hated it. From reading these reviews I thought I’d probably love it, and I was so right. How to be a Woman is Caitlin Moran’s autobiography; it is also an acerbically funny look at feminism and the things that make it necessary. I won’t ramble on and on about this book – it doesn’t need me to. Moran discusses candidly all the horrible squeamish bits of being a woman that nobody ever talks about, unless they are very very drunk. She managed to make me squirm in disgust and have a very public giggling fit within the space of five minutes, and I came away from the book feeling like I’d learned a lot. Having grown up with four sisters in the kind of family where you never ever talked about the gross stuff, except by using vague shrugging gestures in the place of the thing you were actually talking about, maybe I just loved this book because it told me all the things nobody else had, and by this I don’t mean that I’ve managed to reach the age of 24 without knowing about periods or where babies come from, but just that it was amazing (and disgusting) for me to read a book that talked about all the horrible bits of childbirth as well as the awesomesauce stuff.
Here is the bit that made me laugh for a full five minutes, and then periodically throughout the day whenever I remembered it. Customers thought I was weeeeeeird that day!
“Caz gets horrific cramps- she spends her periods in the bedroom with the curtains drawn, covered in hot water bottles, shouting ‘Fuck off’ at anyone who tries to come into the room. As part of being a hippy, my mother doesn’t ‘believe’ in pain-killers, and urges us to research herbal remedies. We read that sage is supposed to help, and sit in bed eating handfuls of sage and onion stuffing, crying. Neither of us can believe that we’re going to have to put up with this for the next 30 years.” (p20)
I have so much love, and as I’m totally hating my current rating system for books, I’m going to go with ‘this is a book that I really enjoyed, and will be keeping forever and re-reading, and recommending to absolutely everyone I can find’. Well done, Ms Moran, you are totally hilarious.Maybe I’m just a weirdo, but it struck a chord with me, and I’ll be recommending this book to everyone I come across in the foreseeable future, whether they be male or female. Most of the men I know would benefit just as much as the women from reading about how difficult it is for a woman to know what to call her breasts and other such things.
Moran discusses candidly all the horrible squeamish bits of being a woman that nobody ever talks about, unless they are very very drunk.
Haha, I've been there!
I can't wait to read this. I did convince The Boy to buy me it so it's on my TBR shelf. I get the feeling I won't be able to get through it without reading aloud choice parts to him though!
I did the same lol Rhys was like 'what is this?!' :-P
Sounds great. I've seen this book on my online bookstore and I got interested but then, the description backed me off. I'll do some research and, maybe, I'll buy it.“Lotte worked great yesterday for as well as with us! Amazing girl, easy going and it was as if she was part of the team.”
– DFG Fashion
Our models are not just beautiful, they are also well-educated, extremely energetic and outgoing. Therefore, it doesn’t come as a surprise that our customers hire our models for promotional and sales actions. Our promotional models do not only truly enjoy introducing products and services to customers, according to our customers and partners they also generate significantly higher sales results! As such, our models are frequently hired for product launches, product tutorials, brand activations and product promotions.
We can help you with short as well as long term promotions. Throughout the years, we have gained a tremendous amount of experience with national promotions. As such, for national promotions we can even arrange the planning, take over the logistic works and the evaluations. For this, our bookers will assemble your personal promotional team, which will receive an intense training to make sure they are perfectly prepared.
Our promotional models are of all trades. Through intense trainings, we prepare our models for every job imaginable. We have supplied models for brand activations and guerrilla marketing. Also, we were also involved with many promotions for beverages, fragrances and trade fairs. Aiming at expanding your customer database? Our models are ready to pursue new customers for you! Besides that, all our models are recruited based on their fine sense for hospitality and are frequently found working as Retail staff in high-end designer stores!
With almost 15 years of experience, Models at Work has established itself as market leader when it comes to supplying models within various sectors. We know how to find the perfect match for all of our customers! In order to find the perfect match, our bookers work up-close and personal with you and together we will create an unforgettable experience. Since no customer is the same, our bookers are there for you to discuss your wishes up to the smallest detail. Also, we are a real one-stop-shop. Because of this, we can complete the overall experience with for example styling and make-up that is customized to your concept!
Do you want to know more about hiring our sales and promotional.“The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well,” -Ralph Waldo Emerson.
Helping other people not only makes a positive impact on your community and the world in general but can also feel rewarding and fulfilling. Living a life of service not only boosts your own happiness but spreads positivity all around you.
This scholarship aims to support selfless, kind students who are devoted to helping others and making the world a better place.
Any student who is committed to helping those around them may apply for this scholarship opportunity.
To apply, tell us about your favorite way to help other people.
What’s your favorite way to help others?.Former Mayor
Sponsored By
South Side Water Filtration Plant Named After Former Mayor Eugene Sawyer“Mayor Sawyer was professionally educated as a chemist, and early in his career worked in the Water Department,” Ald. Edward Burke (14th) said..
Funeral Set For Late Mayor Jane ByrneJane Byrne died Friday at the age of 81. She was the city’s first and only female mayor, but her funeral won’t only be about her political achievements. It’s also about her life as a mother, grandmother, and aunt..
Daley Excused From Testifying In Park Grill LawsuitFormer Mayor Richard M. Daley will not have to testify in open court in connection to the Emanuel administration’s effort to break a long-term deal with the operators of the restaurant at Millennium Park.
_8<<.
Report: No Evidence Of Daley Influence In Koschman CaseA special prosecutor has released a report concluding there's no evidence former Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley or other family members sought to influence an investigation into the 2004 death of a man punched by Daley's nephew.
Daley Hospitalization, Tests ContinueFormer Mayor Richard Daley was hospitalized late last week, after feeling unwell on a business trip to Arizona. CBS 2 Chief Correspondent Jay Levine reports.
_12<<
Budget Watchdog Surprised To Learn Daley Borrowed Millions To Run Millennium ParkThe Daley administration took out nearly $30 million in loans to run the park, from the year after it opened, until the former mayor left office.
IG Ferguson: Emanuel Administration Heeds Advice More Often Than DaleyDespite their public disputes, Chicago Inspector Joseph Ferguson said Mayor Rahm Emanuel’s administration has adopted more of his recommendations on fighting waste and fraud than former Mayor Richard M. Daley.
.After the Supreme Court warning to the government of India about the privacy implications of linking Aadhaar to social media accounts, the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) has issued strong disapproval of the potential move. UIDAI statement comes after the ministry of electronics and information technology (MeitY) had written to the UIDAI seeking its view after the Supreme Court had urged the central government to state its opinion on the matter last month.
Meanwhile, Antony Clement Rubin, who had filed the original PIL in the Madras High Court asking to link Aadhaar with an individual’s social media account, submitted another request recently to amend his original petition and allow any government-approved identity to be used to verify the accounts, not just Aadhaar.
The original petition, filed last year in July in Chennai, demanded linking of social media handles with Aadhaar. During the course of the hearings since then, Madras HC included issues such as message traceability, curbing cybercrimes and intermediary liability to the petition.
Attorney General KK Venugopal, the central government’s top law officer, had recommended that such a move would help stamp out crime, terrorism and fake news. The government contends that these issues can be resolved if the anti-social elements behind fake news and rumour-mongering were identified.
Earlier, Facebook and WhatsApp had strongly objected to Aadhaar linking, claiming it would affect the privacy of its users. But the TN government was clear that Facebook’s arguments have no merit since the business model of Facebook is depending on data sharing. There is also a popular opinion that Aadhaar-social media linking would not be technically feasible. Some feel that linking Aadhaar with social media accounts will not serve many purposes, besides letting the government keep an eye on every citizen’s social media posts.Everything Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott Have Said About Parenthood
Jenner, who is pregnant with baby No. 2, and Scott are parents to 3-year-old Stormi Webster
On Going 'Natural'
In his CR Men September 2021 cover story, Travis Scott said he and Jenner have a more "natural" approach when it comes to parenting daughter Stormi.
"She's so fire because she goes to sleep now," he said. "We try to do a more natural vibe [with parenting], like more self-discipline. Like, 'Okay, you know you got to go to bed at 9, are you going to stay up till 11 or are you going to go to sleep now?' And it's so cool [to hear her say], 'I'm going to sleep ya'll!' "
On Being 'Very Hands-on'
While their relationship has been on-again, off-again, Scott and Jenner will always want what's best for their little girl.
"We have such a great relationship," Jenner told Harper's Bazaar in 2020 of Scott. ."
On Preparing Stormi for Fame
The soon-to-be mom-of-two also told Harper's Bazaar that growing up in the spotlight prepared her to coach Stormi and her sibling through the unique experience.
"I think about it a lot because the world is just so crazy now," she said. "Exposing her to all of the negativity that comes with the Internet, I think about that too. I'm just trying my best, even though she's still little, to remind her how blessed we are and that this isn't normal, the way we live. It's just our life. People want to take pictures. I think she would feel differently if I was always covering her face like, 'Don't look!' "
On Being a Girl Dad
In the winter 2019 issue of XXL Magazine, Scott talked about dad life — and how Stormi is his best friend.
"Being a dad is better than what I thought it would be. Stormi is one of the best human beings I know. She's like my best friend. She makes life a little bit easier," he said. "She just inspires me and she surprises me every day with how she's thinking. It's so crazy. Her mom and I came up with the name Stormi together. I love her mommy and I always will. The hard part about relationships is just trying to be in one without a million outside voices interfering."
On Wanting More Kids
While on Instagram Live in 2020 with BFF Stassie Karanikolaou, Jenner said she wants "seven kids down the line, but not right now."
"Pregnancy is just not a joke, it's a serious thing and it's hard, I'm not ready for that just yet," Jenner shared.
Fast forward to 2021, Jenner is one step closer to seven now that she's pregnant with baby No. 2.
On Meeting Stormi
On holding baby Stormi for the first time, Scott shared his surreal experience on the Ellen DeGeneres Show in 2018.
"It's like this whole warmth, you know that just takes over your whole body," he told host Ellen DeGeneres. "I never thought I could just like love something so hard you know. It's crazy."
On Being a 'Badass Mom'
In 2019, Stormi's parents posed for Playboy and during the interview, Scott was able to ask Jenner's thoughts on motherhood and embracing sexuality.
"You can be sexy and still be a badass mom," Jenner said during the sizzling shoot.
"You remind me that motherhood and sexuality can coexist, and just because you embrace your sexuality doesn't mean you have loose morals or you're not a good mother," Jenner added.
On Keeping Up with Stormi
"Stormi is like a battery. It gave me enormous energy," Scott told GQ Germany in 2020. "She showed me so many things that I didn't understand. I only noticed a lot in life when my daughter was born. Fatherhood is the most impressive thing that has ever happened to me."
On Early Motherhood Challenges
During an interview with ES Magazine in 2018, big sister Kim Kardashian interviewed Jenner and asked about the challenges of early stage motherhood.
"It's actually been the opposite for me. I feel like it's just been so amazing, and so much fun. I'm learning so much more about myself and life, and it's been such a great experience," she responded. "Of course there's hard times and stuff… even in the beginning, just not sleeping, the nights, like, baby blues… and all the ups and downs.," she continued. "I would rather be with her or wish she can come everywhere. I can't wait till she can come everywhere with me, because right when she's old enough I'll bring her everywhere."1950s-60s | Wicker Handbag with Wood Frame and Handle
$110
Looking for an interesting and unique summer bag!
This is an authentic and beautiful wicker handbag from the 50s-60s era!
What is special about this one, is the unusual combination between the sophistication of the design and the use of everyday materials such as wicker and wood.
The hardshell exterior is rigid enough to protect your valuables and the interior lining is made with vinyl for easy care.
The purse closes with a short leather strap with a silver-tone twist lock clasp and has a U-shaped wooden handle that can be worn in the hand or in the crook of the arm.
Dressed up or down, this vintage purse will be a beautiful addition to your summer wardrobe.
Info & specs
- Outer shell : varnished wicker
- Wood top frame and handle
- Closure : leather strap with metal opening and twist lock clasp
- Silver-tone hardware
- 4 (four) protective metal feet
Measurements
Length: Bottom: 12 inches Top: 7.5 inches
Height(Depth): 8 inches
Width: 4 inches
Handle drop: 4 inchesDescription
Specifications:
Squat/Bench Combination Rack
Type: Powerlifting Competition
Footprint (w/ bench): 69.29″ x 83.46″
Bench:16.53″x 47.24″ x 11.81″
Range 1-33 (Bench)
Range 1-33 (Squat)
Range 1-11 (spotting)
Total Weight (including bench): 160KG
Jack – Lever Arms for height adjustment
(2) Adjustable Uprights with laser-cut numbering
(4) Machined Pins
(4) J-Cups
(2) Steel Safety Spotter Arms
(1) Bench w/ Pad and Spotter DecksFueled by “sweat and passion,” Jade Chynoweth is living out her dreams and helping others to be strong “in mind, body and soul,” using her vast social platforms as a means to inspire. Reaching the 2M follower mark on Instagram in 2018, the star of YouTube Premium original series Step Up: Highwater appeared in dance collabs all over YouTube, entertaining and educates through her style. From lifestyle, fitness and nutrition tips featured on her #Fit2BeIT programs to performing on the season finale of The Voice with Halsey, Jade inspiration hits her followers from all angles. Jade enjoyed her biggest year to date, watching her YouTube subscriber count rise to over 250K and an Instagram feed filled with her best moves, outfits and life tips.Red Velvet’s Joy held a photo shoot and interview with Arena Homme magazine and revealed her way of protecting herself, what her biggest desire is, and what freedom means to her.
When you are on stage or doing a photo shoot, it always looks like you are confident. I think it’s that energy that makes people fall for you.
I’m just casting a spell on myself. Even if I am nervous or anxious on the inside, that shows through the camera and to the audience. So before going on stage or doing a shoot, I have to brainwash myself into thinking that I am the most charismatic person in the world.
— Joy
I am in a different world for a brief moment. When I come down and wash my face, I can see all my flaws. But if I dislike myself for my flaws that I won’t have the power to protect myself, so I continue to compliment myself.
— Joy
You still think that about yourself even though it looks like you don’t have any flaws?
There’s this standard for what people think beauty is and so I tried to fit into that standard at first. But after becoming close with stylists and staff members who have worked in different fields, I learned that there are different types of beauty and that there isn’t anything that isn’t beautiful in this world. There is no standard to beauty because everyone is beautiful in their own way. How do I work on my own beauty? My method is exercise and learning.
— Joy
Joy, do you love yourself?
Yes. I’ve worked hard and I am proud of that. Although there are times that I don’t like myself, I try to still love that side of me. That is how I can protect myself.
— Joy
What is your biggest desire?
It would be to tell my story through a song.
— Joy
What does freedom mean to you?
I think it’s paving your life in your own way. This is especially important for those that have the job of an idol. Whenever I see a newly debuting group, I am proud of them but at the same time feel bad for them because it’s really hard to promote with a smiling face every day at such a young age.
— Joy
There will be a lot of things they will hide and endure. I’ve been through it so I know how they must feel. When I was younger, I had so much pressure to smile that I rebelled by not smiling for some time. But now, I know just how precious going on stage is and so now my smile just comes out naturally.
— Joy
To see more photos and the full interview, check out Arena Homme’s October issue!Early five-figure payday for many holders and there are those who would have registered multiple ENS addresses to multiple wallets, meaning some holders are in possession of a six-figure airdrop.
It had been widely expected that an airdrop was in the works for members of the ENS community, especially because the tactic has become more common throughout 2021 and was made popular when Uniswap, a decentralized exchange, surprised users with a retroactive airdrop late in 2020. ENS distributed 25 million tokens to domain holders and currently, the token is trading for $85 on a number of cryptocurrency exchanges.
The claims process for ENS tokens began at 7 pm on Monday, Nov. 8, and qualified domain holders have until May 4, 2022 to claim their allotted tokens.
The number of tokens each qualified user receives is based on a calculation that takes into account how long an address has held a domain as well as the length of the domain registration, with a cut-off of eight years.
Lower level tiers have received an average of 200 ENS tokens, while the mid-level tier has received 500 ENS and the most active participants have earned 1,000 ENS.
Claiming tokens also requires active participation from the domain holder, who has to vote on four articles of the ENS governance constitution designed to get the new decentralized autonomous organization off to a solid start.
Users must also delegate their token voting power before getting access to their tokens and Coinbase has emerged as one of the top delegates in early voting.
Related: Ethereum Name Service’s new token already has a fully diluted cap of $3.1B
ENS price action and total claims
Data from CoinGecko shows that in the short time that ENS has been trading, its price has ranged from a low of $17.63 on Nov. 9 to a high of $84.78 on Nov. 10, meaning that the lowest tier airdrop is now worth roughly $17,000
According to data from Dune Analytics, there are 137,689 addresses that are eligible to claim the airdrop, of which 62,634 have already completed the process and claimed 49.72% of the available supply.
This airdrop from ENS marks one of the largest token drops of the year, behind the dYdX airdrop, which gifted the most active users of the decentralized derivatives exchange with a high six-figure payday as the token’s value surged following its release.
The views and opinions expressed here are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of Cointelegraph.com. Every investment and trading move involves risk, you should conduct your own research when making a decision.
Source: Read Full ArticleAbout
Minitech Ltd. is your partner for production and system solutions in the TV and film business.
We do not only supply the equipment you want. We provide the solution you need.
With the right equipment and the right planning, which ensures a smooth production, we guarantee a good result.
We rent out from our location based in Aarhus, Denmark.
Minitech Ltd. was founded in 2003 by Jakob Poulsen, who since 1988 has worked with all aspects of television production.
The company has over the years evolved to have a comprehensive equipment park, which covers from the rental of a single camera to include equipment for an entire generation.
We also offer a wide range of equipment for infrastructure equipment and wireless camera solutions to all sizes of TV production.
- Camera, optics, and accessories
- Lighting, grip equipment, and generators
- Small and large OB wagon and mobile solutions
- Wireless camera solutions for studio or on-board
- Fiber-based infrastructure equipment for remote production
- Solutions for direct streaming
Varied experience
Minitech Ltd. has a wide and varied experience that makes us a preferred partner to ensure the implementation of the project from start to finish.
We go all the way from initial planning through design and practical implementation to the final follow-up, when you need the camera and equipment for your production – be it a TV, video or commercial production.
Should there be any unforeseen challenges along the way, we are always present and make that effort to ensure that the agreed timetable and filming implemented.
Over the years, Minitech Ltd. has delivered specialized equipment and expertise to numerous TV stations and advertising film producers. We also understand video productions for major events and conferences.
Among the many productions and activities Minitech Ltd. has provided solutions for include:
- Sports Productions, with extensive experience in motorsport blah. DTC
- Scene Shows and other great entertainment with live transmission
- Transmissions from sending trolleys in elections evenings
- Documentary
- Big events in the Danish royal family
- Recordings with transmission from boat and helicopter
- Production for corporate events
Please contact us for an informal chat about your next projectFamily Law Court Office Fitout
Lucid was engaged to project manage and coordinate all sub-consultants as well as delivering all building services engineering disciplines in-house for the Family Law Court office fitout at 150 Terrace Road, Perth.
Lucid was contracted by Programmed Facility Management (PFM) on behalf of Department of Attorney General. The sub-consultants managed by Lucid included the interior design, cost consultancy and structural engineering.
Lucid also facilitated the role of superintendent and cost control throughout the course of construction. The project was undertaken in a live construction environment with all staging, planning and risk management undertaken by Lucid in collaboration with key Family Court personnel.
Minor structural works were risk managed, complete with dust and pressurisation control to facilitate an open plan work environment. Following a recommendation by Lucid to pre-procure and ‘free-issue’ workstations to the head contractor, practical completion was achieved in less than three months on site.Original Research
Designing a coaching intervention to support leaders promoted into senior positions
Submitted: 22 July 2016 | Published: 24 May 2017
About the author(s)N. (Nicky) H.D. Terblanche, University of Stellenbosch Business School, Stellenbosch University, South Africa
Ruth M. Albertyn, University of Stellenbosch Business School, Stellenbosch University, South Africa
Salome van Coller-Peter, University of Stellenbosch Business School, Stellenbosch University, South Africa
Full Text:HTML   | EPUB   | XML   | PDF (2MB)
Abstract
Orientation: Coaching is sometimes used in organisations to assist and support people when they are promoted into senior leadership positions. These coaching interventions are not optimally designed.
Research purpose: The objective of this research was to investigate how a transition coaching intervention should be designed to cater specifically for people promoted into senior leadership positions.
Motivation for the study: Leaders face daunting challenges when promoted into a senior position. Coaching could offer powerful support, but very little research exists on how to design a transition coaching intervention specifically aimed at supporting recently promoted senior leaders.
Research design, approach and method: A constructivist, grounded theory approach using purposeful, theoretical sampling was used to identify 16 participants (recently promoted senior leaders, coaches, Human Resource [HR] partners and a line manager) from various organisations with whom open-ended interviews were conducted on their experiences of coaching during a transition.
Main findings: Transition coaching is used reactively, started too late and was not continued for long enough. Transition coaching design should take cognisance of coach–coachee matching; goal setting that includes the organisation’s goals; location of coaching session (away from the office); should include reflection and active experimentation; and use assessments and involving the line manager, mentors and the new leader’s team in the process.
Practical and managerial implications: The findings of this research provide practical recommendations for applying coaching during transitions into senior leadership positions and may be useful to human resource practitioners when designing leadership support and succession planning interventions.
Contribution and value added: To address the serious and real possibility of failure once leaders are promoted, and to optimise the time and money spent on coaching during career transitions, this research provides insight into the design and execution of tailor-made transition coaching interventions to help recently promoted senior leaders succeed in their new role.
Keywords
MetricsTotal abstract views: 4810
Total article views: 4732The Waverly Advantage
SMALL SCHOOL SETTING: Our small environment affords individualized student focus and removal of competing external influences.
RIGOROUS ACADEMIC STANDARDS: Every child deserves a demanding, standards-based education. The instructional program at Waverly will maximize instruction in the core academic areas.
HIGH EXPECTATIONS FOR STUDENT ACHIEVEMENT AND CONDUCT: We have a “no excuses” standard of excellence so that our students will strive academically and expand their boundaries.
A STEM ENHANCED CURRICULUM: By offering and encouraging girls in Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM), girls can expand their vision of the areas in which they can participate, achieve and succeed.
INDIVIDUALIZED PROGRAM BASED ON LEARNING STYLE: We create flexible ability groups in the core subjects to provide students with an environment in which they will be both driven and supported appropriately.
EXTENDED SCHOOL DAY AND YEAR: Our school days are longer because we know that increased learning time is essential to enabling students to achieve at the highest levels.
BLOCK INSTRUCTION IN CORE SUBJECT AREAS: Waverly students have double periods on alternating days in the core subject areas of math, science, social studies and language arts/reading to encourage higher literacy and math rates.
DAILY HOMEWORK SUPPORT AND TUTORING: Our Homework Center/Tutoring Club affords students the opportunity to complete unfinished work and get support and structure to meet their responsibilities.
Diversity
13
10.18260/1-2--34187
260
This research paper considers the educational value of cybersecurity competition teams to their student participants. There several types of cybersecurity competitions including red team / blue team events, blue team events and capture the flag style events. In the first (red team / blue team) teams attack (red team) and defend against (blue team) the other team’s attacks in a direct team-to-team conflict environment. Blue team only events, such as the Collegiate Cyber Defense Competition, focus on preparing students to secure networks by using area security volunteers as the attackers with competitors focusing on keeping their systems, servers and network operational the longest. Finally, capture the flag events focus more on the attack side, but also generally involve problem solving. Examples of capture the flag events include the National Cyber League, the National Cyber Cup and the Mitre Corporation’s capture the flag event.
This paper focuses on assessing, quantitatively, the benefits enjoyed by students that participate on these teams. Each type of competition requires a different (albeit overlapping) skillset. As these competitions are available worldwide and can be participated in online, there are ample opportunities for involvement. It is also clear that they all have some relevance to skills that are valuable in the real world; however, the exact level of direct relevance varies by competition type and individual competitions’ design.
Participants gain educational value and learn from several sources. Their local-level training and preparation is a key source of learning. In some cases, competitions provide pre-competition training. The National Cyber League, for example, has a gymnasium that is open prior to the competition and walks players through how to solve various types of problems. Participants also learn while they are competing, by having to solve problems in a high pressure situation.
In addition to gaining core technical skills, participants also benefit in other areas. They gain teamwork skills in team competitions such as the Mitre capture the flag, the team-based collegiate cyber defense competition and the team portion of the National Cyber League. Students also gain experience and learn how to work well under pressure (critical for anyone in cybersecurity) and they gain leadership skills. Students who serve as team leaders also gain project management and communications skills.
To assess the efficacy of these competitions, a survey was performed that collected demographic data, details related to why students opted to participate and the benefits that they sought and attained via their participation. Additionally, the survey characterized their pre- and post-participation status with regards to several key metrics and students were also asked to indicate to what extent they attributed the gains that they reported to program participation. Questions were also asked about activities that students participated in and the outcomes achieved. This data was analyzed to identify contest and benefit correlation and demographic characteristics and benefit correlation.
The paper draws conclusions about the value of contest participation and then concludes with a discussion of planned future work. This includes a larger scale study and longitudinal tracking of current participant.
Straub, J. (2020, June), Assessment of Cybersecurity Competition Teams as Experiential Education Exercises Paper presented at 2020 ASEE Virtual Annual Conference Content Access, Virtual On line . 10.18260/1-2--34187Odor management is essential to accessories suppliers the way it allows materials suppliers to build and market place scent-free of charge clothes. Odor management technologies appropriately neutralizes unpleasant odours and staining spanning a wide scope of consumer products which include running shoes, fitness sneakers, yoga outfits, and more. However, many times it’s hard to handle smells one is put through when doing work in the sector. For example, numerous industrial supporters are open to manufacturing chemical substance aerosols, other, chemicals and sweat air-borne toxins. When this happens, smell manage will become in particular critical.
Odor management is accomplished by neutralizing odour ingredients by bodily and chemical procedures. Several stench control functions make use of state-of-the-art technological innovations which include physical and chemical barriers, capturing odours in solid or semi-good products, eliminating air-borne allergens and the removal of or neutralizing volatile organically grown ingredients (VOCs). There are numerous real and chemical substance boundaries that can be used for odor control. The modern technology such as carbon black, polypropylene fabric, polyester carbon dioxide and filaments soluble fiber nano-components have made it feasible to add these procedures in the output of appropriate and washing clothing.
Lately, several ecological categories are already petitioning governmental regulatory agencies for increased strategies of scent command. They require the regulation of uncomfortable odours to generally be considered seriously and enforced continually. The dilemma is not only for people getting work done in industrial sectors but also for all those residing and doing the job in communities which may have better levels of VOCs during the air caused by many things to do. These are thinking about the impact these compounds have on man health and the planet. During this process of producing tips and expectations for scent management, these organizations have became popular in influential equally community and exclusive organizations to apply exacting suggestions for managing bad oxygen and VOCs from the natural environment.
The two main primary types of smell manage: bodily and substance. Physical solutions call for the effective use of absorbent supplies for instance organic cotton swabs for eliminating h2o-borne and natural smells. There are real stink management products and solutions just like fresh air scrubbers and deodorizers. Chemical scent command products include the utilization of antimicrobial materials like chlorination, ultra-violet lightweight, and ozone. The majority of harsh chemicals can easily eliminate each VOCs and organic and natural substances.
Odor command is needed in most regions of the country, particularly in residential communities. Foul air flow can result from a number of providers including creating meals oil utilized in national establishments furry friend scent from pets cigarette smoke from tobacco products beauty products cigarette smoking smoke vehicle cigarette and exhaust leaves. All of these resources plays a role in the deposition of VOCs inside the natural environment which, consequently, ends in horrible air flow. Odor regulate is very significant since many people take more time inside the house than outside, exposing their own bodies to those harmful toxins. It can also decrease health care fees by reducing absenteeism amongst sick and tired vegetation workers.
One strategy which has displayed successful results for odour command will be the liquid phase treatment method. With this program, an absorbent solution like Chlorine or Chlorimines is used into the odorant resource. In an effort to enhance the potency of the odor management answer, the fluid-phase treatment solutions are usually together with the water vapor phase process. A further treatment method choice is the ionization stage, which involves making electrodes in an region where by solution hydrogen sulfide is present, which in turn allures and neutralizes the sulfuric acid solution within the fluid.
In professional options, the most popular approach to odour manage may be the venting and eliminating of sewer lines. This requires disposing of resources such asfat and essential oil. As an alternative, production compounds to the sewer outlines. Flushing the sewer queues will get rid of equally inorganic and organically grown materials. In places that the power of either organically grown and inorganic materials is higher, the eliminating of sewage is only going to remove the inorganic components, causing a accumulation of natural and organic smells during the garden soil and within the water supply.
Fluid step technological innovation are getting to be popular in stench handle because they are effective at taking away a variety of pollutants though lowering or fully wiping out upsetting stench elements. Normally, these technology include the usage of 2 or 3 elements. These components may include: , and sub-micron filtering.
ionization and chlorination
Should you adored this informative article and you desire to be given more information with regards to MSW Consulting i implore you to pay a visit to our internet site.
A lot more suggestions from suggested editors:Doge Miner is a fun idle game. This game inspired by Cookie Clicker. Your mission is to click your way to the moon. Play the Doge Miner game for free and with no ads. Use the mouse to play games!
Pixel Gold Clicker
POPULAR GAMES
PLAY NOW
3 Pandas
Puzzle Games
Funny Food Duel
KID GAMES
Squid Squad Mission Revenge
HOT GAMES
Food Empire Inc
Idle Games
Sticky Run
Amogus.iO
Short Life
Adventure Games
Sticky Road
Master Draw LegendsCharleston Personal Injury Lawyers
You have arrive at suitable destination. If you or someone you care about has actually experienced a major accident or injury, an injury attorney enables.
Injury solicitors handle instances involving real injuries - love neck accidents, straight back accidents, and catastrophic injuries - and nonphysical accidents - like psychological distress.
Use FindLaw to engage an area injury lawyer to solve problems like financial settlement for medical costs or wrongful death.
FindLaw's Lawyer Directory is the largest on line directory site of lawyers. Browse more than one million listings, addressing from criminal protection to injury to estate planning.
Detailed attorney profiles have information like the company's section of legislation, workplace place, office hours, and repayment options. Attorney profiles range from the biography, training and education, and client suggestions of a lawyer to help you determine who to employ.
Use the contact page from the pages to connect with a Charleston, sc lawyer for legal counsel.
Consider the following:
Comfort Level - Are you comfortable telling the attorney personal information? Does the lawyer appear contemplating solving your condition?
Qualifications - just how long gets the attorney been in rehearse? Has the lawyer handled various other instances much like yours?
Price - How will be the attorney's charges structured - hourly or flat fee? Can the lawyer estimate the cost of your case?
City - Is the lawyer's company easily situated?
Here are a few to get you started:
- How long are you currently used?
- What amount of situations like mine maybe you have taken care of?
- How many times do you realy settle cases regarding courtroom?
- What are your costs and prices?The Patriot Post® · Third Deadline Blown in Nuclear Talks With Iran
The Iran nuclear talks have become the Obama administration’s last hope for some kind of diplomatic success. And last night’s blown deadline is another painful reminder that the JV team in the White House is bungling U.S.‘s influence abroad. A State Department official said, “The truth is, you can dwell on Yemen, or you can recognize that we’re one agreement away from a game-changing, legacy-setting nuclear accord on Iran that tackles what every one agrees is the biggest threat to the region.” Whatever happened to no deal is better than a bad deal? For months, Iran has played with the carrot the West has dangled before it. In exchange for not developing nuclear weapons, the West would lower sanctions against the Middle East shadow empire. But yesterday’s deadline was blown, according to The Wall Street Journal, because the two sides couldn’t agree on a timetable for lifting sanctions and what Iran could do with its nuclear program in the future. The next “hard deadline” for a comprehensive deal is June 30 – a few embarrassing weeks away. More… (Don’t miss Mark Alexander’s analysis on Obama’s folly with Iran.)Search Results
Filters
communitychannelPlaces for hireRemove
…
Belvedere House Resource Centre
Vibrant community centre in the heart of Feltham. Managed by Feltham Community Development Assocaiton (FCDA).
Brentford Free Church (Baptist and URC)
Services of Christian Worship on Sundays, weeknight youth groups. Parent & baby group. Older people's group. Midweek Service and Lunch. All ages,…
CAN Mezzanine, Hounslow
CAN Mezzanine Hounslow is currently home to around 16 charities and social organisations. This location is situated at a walking distance to Hounslow Central station and linked to Heathrow airport by the Piccadilly line. Office space solutions at CAN Mezzanine Hounslow include: Short and long-term…A collection of galleries; from collaborative exhibitions, to readings, bookworks, and other projects I have had involvement with. Feel free to browse galleries by selecting images below...
....exclusivity dwells...
Harvey Benge & Sam Sampson; bookwork, published in Auckland, NZ, April 2012 in an edition of 100 copies.
I Spilled My Story
Peter Madden & Sam Sampson; perspex panel, found images and text, first exhibited at Ivan Anthony Gallery, Saturday March 3 – 31, 2012. Image courtesy of the Chartwell Collection
The Deep End
Peter Madden & Sam Sampson; gouache on found images, first exhibited at Te Tuhi Centre for the Arts, 20 May – 19 July 2006
Three Poets Read
Everything Talks: Three Poets Read' took place on the 25th June 2008, at the One2One Cafe Ponsonby, Auckland. The three poets were Chris Price, C.K.Stead, and Sam Sampson, with musical interludes from Nigel Gavin, Chris Priestley, and friends.Get this book in print
About this book
My library
Books on Google Play
ful occasion, and with the hearts of the living mass throbbing for the thousands of heroes who slept beneath the sod. On all sides stretched the battle-field; and from Cemetery Hill the eloquent words of Everett were spoken, followed by the more brief and more immortal sentences of Abraham Lincoln. As I recur to that day, it is mournful to recall the many who honored it that have since been summoned to their final account: Lincoln, Everett, Seward, Meade, Chase, Todd, Brough, Caleb N. Smith, Edwin M. Stanton, and many, many more.
It was on this occasion that Edward Everett proclaimed the great thought that, however the passions of the conflict might rage, the time must come when all would be forgiven and forgotten. And even as he spoke, the issue was not decidedsixteen months of wounds, death, tears, and sorrow were yet to come. The haughty crest of the rebellion was bowed, but not broken. The great captain, Grant, had not yet taken the tiger by the throat, nor laid his conquering sword on Richmond town; Vicksburg had fallen, but the capital of the Confederacy was still the rendezvous of the enemy; the seas were still swept by their corsairs, and thousands in the busy walks of life were soon to be summoned to the fated carnival. It was in that hour that Edward Everett spoke these words, only one of the myriad passages which crowd that unequalled and neverto-be-forgotten tribute, showing that even when the great work had not been completed, when the South was bristling with defiance and revenge, he pleaded for the end of war and the beginning of peace :
, rational, and political interests; a common history; a common pride in a glorious ancestry; a common interest in this great heritage of blessings ; the very geographical features of the country; mighty rivers that cross the lines of climate, and thus facilitate the interchange of natural and industrial products, while the wonder-working arm of the engineer has levelled the mountain-walls which separate the East and lips capitals, West, the men of the nineteen sister States, stood side by side on the perilous ridges of the battle. You now feel it a new bond of union that they shall lie side by side till a clarion
louder than that which marshalled them to the combat shall awaken their slumbers. God bless the Union! It is dearer to us for the blood of that wind through the hills, on whose banks in after-times the wondering ploughman will turn up, with the rude weapons of savage warfare, the fearful missiles of modern artillery. Seminary Ridge; Peach Orchard; Cemetery, Culp, and Wolf Hill; Round Top; Little Round Top-honorable a sepulchre of illustrious men.' All time, he might have added, is the millennium of their glory. Surely I would do no injustice to the other noble achievements of the war which have reflected such honor on both arms of the service, and have entitled the
army
and the navy of the United States, their officers and men, to the warmest thanks to the battle of Gettysburg."
These, as I have said, were glowing words, never to be forgotten. As they fell from Mr. Everett's lips, he looked like a prophet of old, and every heart palpitated Amen. But the
great scene of all was when Abraham Lincoln rose, and, in his plain, unpretending way, spoke that marvellous epic, which will live as long as language, and will be spoken in every country, under every sky, by every people ready to fight and die for their freedom:
 the Government of the people, by the people, and for the people shall not perish from the earth.”
And so ends this chapter, I fear already too long; but the character of Edward Everett, though much spoken of, is not so completely understood as it ought to be, and in my delineation of it I found it so much more absorbing than I expected that I am sure my readers will be as much interested in its study as I have been.
I!I.
RICHARD RUSH, THE DIPLOMATIST.
RICHARD RUSH, son of the celebrated Dr. Benjamin Rush, of Pennsylvania, and grandson of Richard Stockton, of New Jersey, both signers of the Declaration of Independence, was of the school of Edward Everett, more precise and formal, and far less imaginative. I have been recalling his past residence in Paris, since reading the news from France indicating the efforts to restore the Napoleonic empire under the Prince Imperial. I met Mr. Rush repeatedly during his life, and inore than once heard him speak of his relations to public men at home and abroad, and I can see him in my mind's eye, with his careful dress and studied manners, and almost hear his slow and measured accents. He wrote much, and was a pleasant talker. He fairly rounded the circle of politics, and filled many positions. He was appointed Attorney-general of Pennsylvania in January, 1811, and State Treasurer in November of the same year; again Attorneygeneral of the State from 1814 to 1817; Secretary of State of the United States, under James Madison, in 1816; Minister to England from 1817 to 1825, under both Monroe and John Quincy Adams; Secretary of the Treasury from 1825 to 1829, under the latter; and candidate for Vice-President with John Quincy Adams, in 1828, against General Jackson. His relations with Mr. Adams were most intimate, and affected his whole career. In 1831 he became an anti-Mason, and in 1834 wrote a powerful report against the Bank of the United States, and ever afterwards co-operated with the Democratic party. He was selected Minister to France in 1847-1848, and figured during the reign of Louis Philippe, and saw the beginning of the rule of Louis Napoleon. President Polk had nominated Charles jared Ingersoll for that position, but the Senate refused to confirm the appointment; and Mr. Rush happening in WashingtonSomeday!
3 responses to “Loud praise for Saint Felicien”
That’s a pretty nifty little setup you have there. Is the crock reusable and/or attractive enough for further use? Hope you didn’t pay for it by the pound! 🙂
The crock is reusable however it is small so I cannot imagine it holding too much. As for price, not gonna lie. It’s not cheap…$15.0o per crock. While that is expensive, it is totally worth it and you get a nifty parting gift when it’s all gone. Someone wrote that they use the crock for change. Perfect for saving pennies to buy the next batch!
Pingback: Les spécialités lyonnaises pour votre bonheur culinaire en top 19 - Allo TopSassy Cats Purr-fect Craft Projects
Cats can take over the homes that they are part of, why not let them run rampant through your projects? Paint cats on glassware, put a cat shaped pillow on the couch and make a wool felt version of your cat on a purse! Templates provide a good start for your projects while your imagination can take it from there. Don't let the cat out of the bag though, it may be chaos.Base class for user-defined camera set nodes.
MPxCameraSet is the parent class of all user defined cameraSet nodes.
This class can be used to implement new kinds of cameraSets within maya that behave in a similar manner to the cameraSet node included in maya.
#include <MPxCameraSet.h>
Constructor.
Any calls the MPxCameraSet methods must be done in the postConstructor method and not here.
Returns the type of node that this is.
This is used to differentiate user defined nodes that are derived off different MPx base classes.
It is not necessary to override this method.
Reimplemented from MPxNode.
Returns the name of this class.
Reimplemented from MPxNode.A spokesman for India's foreign ministry said Pakistan's involvement in Monday's murders was "all too clear".
Pakistan has condemned the killings as a "blatant act of terrorism".
The Indian foreign ministry statement came after both nations announced they had carried out test-firings of nuclear-capable missiles on Wednesday.
It also followed a bomb blast in Indian-administered Kashmir's winter capital, Jammu, that left one person dead and six injured.
Indian Deputy Prime Minister LK Advani on Tuesday stopped short of directly blaming Pakistan for Monday's massacre, but said: "Things will improve once [Pakistan] stops training and sending militants from across the border into the state."
However, on Wednesday Indian foreign ministry spokesman Navtej Sarna said: "The pattern, methodology and the nature of targets of these acts of terror are all too familiar and therefore the culpability of Pakistan is all too clear."
He said India was "determined to face this challenge with strength, determination and resolve".
Tanker blast
Gunmen dressed in army uniforms had entered Nadimarg village near Shopian - about 50 kilometres (30 miles) south of the summer capital, Srinagar, in the early hours of Monday.
They snatched police weapons and shot 11 men, 11 women and two children.
Border district
In Wednesday's explosion in Jammu, police said a bomb had been placed inside a fuel tanker.
The driver was killed instantly.
A major disaster was only averted because the truck had not entered a nearby oil depot, police said.
The fuel tanker had come from the border district of Poonch - an area where militants are known to operate.
The Nadimarg village killings have dealt a blow to government plans for the return of some of the 100,000 Kashmiri Hindus, known as Pandits, who left the region 13 years ago following the outbreak of violence.
About 10,000 Kashmiri Hindus are said to be still left in the Muslim-majority Kashmir valley.
Delhi has long accused Islamabad of supporting the Islamic militants who have been battling since 1989 for Kashmir's independence.
Pakistan insists it only supports the moral cause of the "freedom movement" but does not provide funding or weapons.
Tens of thousands have died in the violence.Difference between revisions of "Kiss Emoji 💏"
From Emoji Copy
Latest revision as of 20:46, 3 May 2021
💏 - The Kiss emoji shows two people with their eyes closed, puckered lips, and a heart between them. This emoji represents hearts, kisses, kissing, love, lips, romance, men, women, couples, dating, boyfriends, girlfriends, husbands, wives, marriage, and romantic relationships. See also: Kiss: Woman, Man emoji, Kiss: Man, Man emoji, Kiss: Woman, Woman emoji.
Tap to copy 💏
copied
Variants
- 💏🏻 Kiss: Light Skin Tone
- 💏🏼 Kiss: Medium-Light Skin Tone
- 💏🏽 Kiss: Medium Skin Tone
- 💏🏾 Kiss: Medium-Dark Skin Tone
- 💏🏿 Kiss: Dark Skin Tone
Related Emoji
- 👨❤️💋👨 Kiss: Man, Man
- 👩❤️💋👨 Kiss: Woman, Man
- 👩❤️💋👩 Kiss: Woman, Woman
- 💑 Couple with Heart
- 😽 Kissing Cat
- 😘 Face Blowing a Kiss
- 😗 Kissing Face
- 😚 Kissing Face with Closed Eyes
- 😙 Kissing Face with Smiling Eyes
- 👫 Woman and Man Holding Hands
- 🫂 People Hugging
- 💘 Heart with Arrow
- 💋 Kiss Mark
Other Names
- 💏 Couple Kissing
- 💏 Gender Neutral Couple KissingMahalo 4 Life is an Environmentally Conscience online store dedicated to providing high quality Eco-Friendly Yoga, Pilates and Fitness equipment at affordable prices. We are passionate about helping you look after your body, mind and soul and equally passionate about caring for our environment and leaving only a natural footprint.
Extensive time has been spent researching and sourcing materials and products from suppliers around the world with the same ethics that fit into our high standards and values. You can rest assured that our products are non-toxic and safe to use. If we won’t use them, then we won’t sell them!
Mahalo 4 Life is a highly reliable online store that places great emphasis on outstanding customer service. We are constantly looking at where and how we can improve our service to you. We want your experience with us and our website to be a happy and positive one regardless of whether you are shopping, browsing or just reading our blogs. If you have any ‘how we can improve’ suggestions please feel free to email us, your feedback is most welcome!
Founded by Cathy Gibbs in 2016, Mahalo 4 Life is an Australian owned and operated business based in Perth, WA. As a former truck driver, Cathy spent 15yrs in the Northern Territory ‘trucking’ through the outback and understands the importance of packing goods correctly so they arrive at their destination safely.
Cathy has always had a great love of nature and the outdoors and is often off on adventure in an unusual setting somewhere. She believes and enjoys giving back, whether through giving of her time or donating to a worthwhile cause. Her latest ‘paying it forward’ adventure took her to Zambia, Africa where she worked as a volunteer in a lion conservation program for 2 weeks.
“While challenging and scary at times, it was truly a once in a lifetime opportunity that I’ll never forget!”
Mahalo (pronounced - ma-hal-lo) is the Hawaiian word for - Thankyou - with Thanks - Gratitude
Our name Mahalo 4 Life was established as our way of saying ‘Thankyou For Life’ - We are Grateful for it!
Our motto 'Your Best Move' originated from
Our store is frequently updated with new products to ensure that you have an easy and convenient way to access a diverse range of fitness equipment to assist you in achieving your fitness goals. We are proud to say that we are now an entrusted supplier to many health professionals in the local area and we would like to take this opportunity to Thank them for their going support!
We are always happy to answer any questions you may have so please feel free to get in touch via email or phone and we will do our best to answer them. If you would prefer to have us to call you back then please leave your name and number and one of the team will call you asap (always within 24hrs). Mahalo for taking the time to read about us. Have a great day!
ABN: 78 929 418 530Laura Bielau’s photo book Arbeit (Work) is about the actual space of her work as a photographer and artist: the studio in which she operates. One aspect of the work centres on what she finds in this space, the resources she has at her disposal there, and the way she moves in it. Beyond that, it is also about the space of production in which the photographic image appears, about the processes involved—and thus the formal decisions that she makes as an artist. And it is about the space of ideas, the intellectual exploration, in other words, that she incorporates into her work. All these different facets provide the structure for Bielau’s work—and she is not alone here—and have led her to this specific work, whose title, which is both succinct and profound, encapsulates what working as an artist is all about: transforming an idea into a concrete piece and then showing the work in exhibition.
Laura Bielau lives and works as an artist in Berlin and Halle. Her work was awarded the Prize of the Kunstverein Hannover in 2015. In 2016 she was selected for the DZ BANK Art Collection’s project grant. In 2019 she received a working scholarship from the State of Saxony-Anhalt and the Kloster Bergesche Stiftung.HI everyone,
Good morning! Hope you can help, I already performed this twice. Here is what I encountered.
On the old file server running windows 2012, the current occupied size on the data drive is 3.5tb. No compression there. Then I used robocopy to transfer the data to a 6tb drive on a new file server running 2022. After 4 days, the 6tb drive on the new server is packed! I thought the first I may not do the robocopy command correctly. So I started over the process by deleting anything on the new server, but the outcome is still the same.
May I ask what happened? The 3.5tb on the old server will become 6tb? What should I check?
Thank you for your help.
Takami ChiroMarlborough Town Council 01672 512487 09:00-16:30 Mon-Fri
Marlborough Town CouncilTel: 01672 512487 E-mail us 5 High Street, Marlborough, SN8 1AA Weekdays 10am-4pm
Treat yourself to an enjoyable afternoon out where the Marlborough Floral Club meets at 2pm at Mildenhall Village Hall on the first Thursday of each month.
PROGRAMME
Christmas tea and AGM plus Alanna Marie will demonstrate ideas for Christmas and there will be a good selection of floral sundries available to use at home.
For more information, please call Micky Graham 01672 512 703Obituaries » Andrew R Maynard
Andrew R Maynard
January 27, 1947 - July 4, 2017
Burial Date July 27, 2017
Funeral Home St. George's Home For Funerals
Cemetery Holy Cross Church
Church Holy Cross Church
Andrew Roosevelt Maynard Aged 70, affectionately called “Roosevelt”, late of Sargeant Street St. John retired worker of Fair View Nurseries entered into rest on 4th July, 2017.
Please choose your subscription settings below, you can unsubscribe through email at any time.
Son of the late Edith and Gordon Newton; Brother of Anderson (BWA), Peterson, and Ainsley Maynard, Oswald Newton, Bandy, Dacosta, Sheila and Albert Mullin, Maria Smith (USA) and the late Wilma and Maureen Maynard; Nephew of Sheila and Lionel Antrobus; Uncle of Ryan Maynard; Cousin of Peggy Smith, Ann Allen, Christopher Greenidge, and Mark Antrobus; Relative of the Newton, Collymore, Goddard and Rowe families.
A Service of Thanksgiving celebrating the life of Andrew Roosevelt Maynard will take place at Holy Cross Anglican Church, Society, St. John, on Thursday 27th July, 2017 at 3:30pm followed by the interment in the Holy Cross Anglican church cemetery. Viewing of the body takes place at St. George’s Home for Funerals, Carmichael House, Carmichael, St. George, Wednesday 26th July, 2017 from 4:00 p.m. to 6:00 p.m. Flowers may be delivered to St. George’s Home for Funerals no later than 12 Noon on the day of the funeral. The Organist and members of the?How to fixed the Untrusted Site error
8 Answers
If it is an on premise server then you can configure SSL with a wildcard cert for your internal domain. If it is a SOTI Cloud server then that should be configured already.
Hi Matt,
It is an on premise server. How do we configure SSL with a wild cert? Do we use the MobiControl Admin utility?
Hi Fred,
did you have in your Company one how can Create for your internal Network and this Server IP & DNS Entrys a Certificate?
When you have imported this into the MobiControl Administration Urility -> Certificates as Root Certificate this Error should dissaper.
Hi Marcus,
Not sure what you mean by "did you have in your Company one how can Create for your internal Network and this Server IP & DNS Entrys a Certificate?". Can you explain how this is done?
Also, we did create a normal ssl certificate for the server. We tried adding it in the MobiControl Administration Utility but something went wrong. We are getting errors with the Deployment server in the MobiControl Administration Utility System Health window.
Are there instructions anywhere that tell how to set this up for a Soti MobiControl server?
We have created a company issued certificate with the name of the server. It is listed in the Console Root Certificates (Local Computer) Personal Certificates folder in the MMC console program on Windows Server 2012. There is another certificate created by the Soti MobiControl installation program with the same name (except it is in capital letters) issued by MobiControl Root CA.
This did not correct the problem. The new company certificate is listed in the "Cerificate Bindings" section in the "Certificates" tab (on the left) in MobiControl Administration Utility. The Ceritficate Type Name is "Deployment Server" but I think this broke something so I pointed it back to the certificate that was issued by MobiControl Root CA. That did not fix the problem. It is still saying there is a "Primary address exception: System.Security.Authentication.AuthenticationException: The remote certificate is invalid according to the the validation procedure.....
We are running Soti MobiControl version 11.0.3.15352.
If you are using internal IP for your MobiControl server and a self-signed certificate for your DSE/web-console, you are bound to get the "untrusted site" warning from any modern web browser. Tb be trusted, the site should have a pulbic IP, FQDN and a strong enough SSL certificate bind to the FQDN purchased from a reputable CA vendor.
I called SOTI support and they had me install the Soti certificate on the client PC. This fixed the problem.Two cases of war crimes committed in the Konjic area and Bosanska Krupa were switched to cantonal courts in Mostar and Bihac.
The case is against the former members of the Army of BiH (ABiH), Jasmin Viković, Vehdada Mrkaljević, Izet Kulaš and Mersudin Kablara, whom the State Prosecution indicted for crimes against the victims of Croatian nationality in Orahovica (Konjic municipality). This case was transferred to the Cantonal Court in Mostar.
According to the indictment, three elderly Croatian civilians were taken from the house, they were tortured and abused, which resulted in one civilian’s death. According to the indictment, two others were shot dead by Vikovic.
Cantonal Court in Bihac transferred the case against Safet Isakovic, Ibrahim Đulić and Nisvet Porić, who, as former members of ABiH, charged with crimes against prisoners of war in the Bosanska Krupa.
The Prosecution charges Isakovic, Đulić and Porić, to engage in killing three captured members of the Army of the Republika Srpska (VRS), on the site of the hill Ćorkovača, writes Detektor.ba.
(Source: klix)Service Plan Details: PACES
Staff Development Services (84-002.05A)
Advisory Council
District Superintendent/Leadership Group, provides support and advice to ESU in regards to menu of
Assessment Formative
Supporting schools with formative assessments, procedures, and data used within their district. Examples include: TestWiz, DIBELS, AIMSweb, and Classroom Assessments
Assessment Leadership
Supporting schools with formative assessments, procedures, and data used within their district. Examples include: TestWiz, DIBELS, AIMSweb, and Classroom Assessments
CIP Individualized Support
Supporting schools or districts in Continuous Schools Improvement processes.
CIP Process Support
Supporting individual schools or districts in specific Continuous Schools Improvement topics.
College Credit
We are offering this course for continuing education hours
Curriculum Alignment
Supporting academic content alignment to standards for educators.
DIBELS Deep Testing
Testing individual at-risk students using the DIBELS (Dynamic Indicators of Basic Early Literacy Skills) Deep measure to areas for interventions
DIBELS Testing
DIBLES testing for school districts (available fall, winter, spring)
Leadership Capacity Building
Support for educational leadership and capacity building
Safety and Security
coordinating state-wide implementation of Safety and Security Standards, crisis response, State grants and initiatives.
Student Events
Providing opportunities for community groups and schools to partnership in learning outside the classroom.
Support Staff Training
Providing opportunities for community groups and schools to partnership in learning outside the classroom.
Title III Support
English Learners Instructional Support--providing guidance, materials, scheduling, placement, and assessment to schools
Instructional Materials Services (84-002.05C)
Technology (84-002.05B)
ADVISER Support
Provides training and support of ADVISER (Nebraska State-wide data collection system).
Digital Citizenship awareness & training
Provide digital citizenship training for students, teachers, and parents.
Distance Learning Support & Course Exchange Coordination
Coordinate and support schools for both receiving and delivering distance learning courses. Scheduling distance learning courses in the ESU 13 consortium, but also statewide courses available to 21 schools. Support of NVIS.
LAN Manager Training and Support
Provides district LAN managers with contacts, support, a professional learning community, and quarterly meetings.
School Librarian/Media Specialist Training Support
Provides district Librarian/Media specials with contacts, support, a professional learning community, and quarterly meetings.
Single Sign on (SSO) and Nebraska Portal Support
Provides training and support for the Nebraska Portal and SSO.
Wide Area Network (WAN) Support
Internet bandwidth is supplied to member schools to meet their network needs. This service includes monitoring and firewall support, packet capturing, and viewing logs to identify issues.
Zoom video conference support
Zoom is a desktop web and video conferencing purchased for ESU 13 schools through a consortium buy. ESU 13 staff manage accounts, train and deploy zoom accounts to its member schools.
Student Services.
Improving Learning for Children with Disabilities/PeAK
PEaK, formerly known as ILCD stands for Improving Learning for Children with Disabilities, a Nebraska Department of Education Initiative designed to enhance program improvement that will result in better outcomes for children with disabilities. The ESU 13.
Program Supervision
Special Education Supervision Birth to 21. Education and support for parents, and school staff surrounding special education. Supervise ESU 13 staff and programs. Attend IEP/MDT meetings as requested. Provide training for teachers, administrators, bookkeepers. SRS District management.
Secondary Transition Support and Training
Transition Staff assists district staff with student transition plans. These responsibilities may include program planning, coordinating events and PD, monitoring, evaluating, educating, and implementing transition services and supports. Transition Staff also work with outside agencies.
Special Education Financial Collaboration and Support
Assist schools in the completion of SPDFFRS and Finance Collaboration and Networking
Targeted Improvement Plan (TIP)
Support Schools in the Targeted Improvement Planning Process
Other Services
Perkins Grant
Provides grant facilitation, management, professional development, and networking for Career and Technical Education teachers through the Carl D Perkins Grant Consortium.
Title IC Parent Training / Student Needs Meeting
Title IC Parent Training and Title IC Administration Student Needs MeetingRomeo and Juliet Coursework
It’s a Nice Problem for Each Scholar to Write Romeo and Juliet Coursework
College students normally examine Shakespeare’s poems throughout courses and lectures in literature. On the finish of the course, they’ve to write down Romeo and Juliet coursework.
Generally college students marvel why they’ve to write down Romeo and Juliet coursework. This poem is without doubt one of the most good and well-liked performs in the entire world. This story tells about two lovers who have been younger however already had deep emotions. This poem is normally studied at highschool and faculties. That’s the reason this coursework could be very well-liked and customary amongst college students.
In the event you get a job to write down Romeo and Juliet coursework, then initially it’s important to learn the play and get acquainted with all occasions of its poem. Whereas studying this poem the coed has to grasp the principle characters’ line. As it isn’t a narrative however a play, it’s troublesome to interpret the tone of the principle characters’ dialogue. Nonetheless it isn’t sufficient for writing the coursework simply to know the content material of the play. If you wish to write a superb coursework then it’s important to learn all of the attainable points which are related to this poem. Examine completely the biography of Shakespeare. Attempt to perceive the explanations that made him to write down this play. Be taught the epoch during which lived the author. Assume what influenced the writing model of Shakespeare.
When you have researched all the data related to this subject then proceed to the writing. Make a top level view and set up your ideas in a logical order. As some other analysis paper, Romeo and Juliet coursework has the introduction, the principle physique and the conclusion.
Within the introduction, introduce all characters of the play. Write what the goals of your investigation are. Write background info. Make a short define of the principle physique. The principle of your coursework could also be divided into a number of paragraphs and sub-paragraphs. Right here you could describe Elizabethan tradition, political occasions of that point. You might also help your statements with the citations from the textual content. In the event you give quotations, then level out the act, scene, and line quantity. Assume additionally if Romeo and Juliet is an autobiographical poem. Within the conclusion, give abstract to the entire coursework. Assume how this play influenced Shakespeare’s life.
In case you are executed with Romeo and Juliet coursework then proof learn it. Take note of the grammar and spelling.
In the event you don’t have time to write down Romeo and Juliet coursework then customized internet sitemay enable you to with its writing. Right here you might also purchase customized essay and time period paper.
Tags: purchase Romeo and Juliet coursework, customized Romeo and Juliet coursework, Romeo and Juliet coursework, Romeo and Juliet coursework define, Romeo and Juliet coursework patternjognkahd Layoff Chat › Forums › Oil and Gas › jognkahd This topic is empty. Viewing 0 reply threads Author Posts October 25, 2021 at 6:02 am #1764 Reply Zakinnop BBCode you used is not allowed. sildenafil 20 mg cost[/url] Author Posts Viewing 0 reply threads Reply To: jognkahd You can use BBCodes to format your content.Your account can't use Advanced BBCodes, they will be stripped before saving. Your information: Name (required): Mail (will not be published) (required): Website: Cancel SubmitNotify me when the price drops
We will email you if we find a lower price on this product!
1 stores are offering it on Ebay with coupons. Other top elements are keyboard keypad, keyboard brown and keyboard mechanical. Also k95 rgb platinum mechanical gaming keyboard is one of the best sellers in Corsair, Corsair Keyboard Quite, Corsair Keyboard Tactile And Clicky and C in 2021.Product Info RGB PLATINUM Keyboard 6x Macro Passthrough & - Tactile & Quiet - MX – RGB Condition Note Brand New.Abstract
In thermal recovery from unconsolidated oilsands reservoirs and in association with fluid mobility, formation compressibility and modulus of elasticity are closely related to pressure transient and stress redistribution behavior, which can collectively affect the steam chamber development. The non-linearity and stress-dependency in bulk compressibility and modulus of elasticity of rocks has been captured through the development of elegant constitutive models (e.g. nonlinear elastic hyperbolic model) and has been readily integrated into coupled reservoir-geomechanical simulation packages. To assess the significance of these nonlinearities for reservoirs with different initial stress states, this paper presents an analytical study where the associated impacts on the redistribution of stress (stress-paths) and the onset of geomechanical mobilization (shear dilation) under the assumption of uniaxial deformation are quantified. Within the scope of this paper, (semi-) analytical modeling is conducted while special attention has been devoted to (1) the vast range of depths of the existing oilsands reservoirs and the associated implications on the initial stress distribution as well as stress redistribution due to steam/water injection, (2) the impacts on the onset of geomechanical mobilization within the practical ranges of injection pressures, and (3) the evaluation of geomechanical mobilization potential for thermal (steam injection) versus non-thermal (cold water injection) pressurization. The results show that (1) the potential impact of stress dependency on the variability of the geomechanical properties (modulus of elasticity, Poisson's ratio and formation compressibility) is more significant for shallow reservoirs as compared to mid-depth and deep reservoirs, (2) the injection pressure required to onset the geomechanical mobilization may be under/overestimated if the non-linearity in the mechanical properties is overlooked, and (3) the thermal geomechanical mobilization (steam injection) may have a higher potential within practical ranges of operating pressures as compared to non-thermal techniques (cold water injection), especially for shallower reservoirs. The inherent limitations of the analytical workflows as well as the requirements of supporting efforts through coupled reservoir-geomechanical simulations are also discussed.Jarrettsville Soccer is part of the non-profit Jarrettsville Recreation Council. Our program is run by volunteers from the northern Harford County, Maryland community and is subject to oversight by the Harford County Parks & Recreation Department. Mike Freund is the current President of the Jarrettsville Rec Council and can be reached via email at thefreunds18@verizon.net
The recreation soccer program runs in the Fall of each year, participates in the Northern Region Soccer League organized by the Harford County Parks and Recreation Department. Soccer commissioners from each participating recreation council participate in league meetings throughout the year to address field availability, funding, rules of play and participation, referees and other associated topics. Shanna Jay, srjay@harfordcountymd.gov, runs the league from the Forest Hill Parks and Rec office.
Coaching instruction and certification is performed through the NSCAA. Further information is available on their website at NSCAA.comThis hotel is an ideal choice for business travellers or holiday makers It comprises a total of 100 rooms spread over 8 floors Facilities include lobby with 24-hour reception currency exchange lift access café restaurant WLAN fees apply as well as ro . . .
The hotel is located opposite the Helexpo grounds where Thessaloniki's International Trade Fair takes place in September It is also where 12 other important departmental exhibitions are also organized In addition many cultural and political events ta . . .
Situated in the heart of Thessaloniki's historical and shopping centre the hotel is easy accessible for guests arriving from Thessaloniki International Airport which is only 12 km away and is also very close to the historical monument the 'White Towe . . .
This elegant hotel is located in the centre of the town in the heart of the business centre and close to Aristotle's Square Many of the city's historical sights are within walking distance both the port as the train station are about 1 km from the ho . . .
The . . .
Property Location Located in Thermi Ambassador Hotel is connected to the airport and close to Polis Convention Center and Waterland This hotel is within the vicinity of Mediterranean Cosmos and Thessaloniki Science Center and Technology Museum Rooms . . .
For your stay in Thessaloniki choose the 4-star Anatolia Hotels a convenient elegant stylish establishment right in the heart of the financial commercial and nightlife district which uniquely combines the dynamic of a modern spa conference and busin . . .
Property Desc Property Location A stay at Andromeda Hotel Thessaloniki places you in the heart of Thessaloniki walking distance from Jewish Museum of Thessaloniki and Cinema Museum This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Aristotelous Square . . .
The hotel is centrally located in the heart of Thessaloniki It is 900 m from Thessaloniki train station This city hotel was fully renovated in 2006 and was designed to the highest of standards and with customer satisfaction always in mind It compris . . .
Located just 10 minutes from the centre of Thessaloniki on a verdant hill this hotel offers excellent accommodation for tourist looking for a relaxing base and business travellers alike In addition to the spacious standard guestrooms the premises inc . . .
The quality of accommodation and service is very high for a hotel of this category It has a great central location and offers excellent value for money 0907 EP . . .
Property Location With a stay at Athina Airport Hotel in Thermi you'll be connected to the airport and close to Waterland and Mediterranean Cosmos This 4-star hotel is within close proximity of Thessaloniki Science Center and Technology Museum and P . . . . . . their product to users looking for a date.
Google says it has been testing these adverts since late February.
Users can click on an advert in Google’s online search results, and it will appear in a new window.
The advertverts will show up in a separate tab called “Other Partners”.
These include online dating services like Bumble, Match.
Com and OkCupid, as well as dating apps like OkCouch and Bumble Plus.
Google is also introducing an advert filter, which it says will help to filter out advertising which may be unsuitable for users.
“We’re introducing a new way to filter ads that might be inappropriate for a particular user.
Ads that might not be appropriate for the user’s specific needs, such as people with disabilities, will no longer appear in our ads,” a Google spokesperson told TechCrunch.
“This means that ads that are suitable for a certain audience will no long appear in ads that would not be suitable for the audience.”
A search of the word “dating” will show an advert which is only suitable for someone who has disabilities, the spokesperson added.
Google has been rolling the adverts out in the UK since February.
It is also rolling out ads for the UK’s dating site, Tinder, as part of its efforts to combat the rise of dating sites that sell to people who are on the autism spectrum.
Tinder has also rolled out ads to promote the services of companies like Match, Bumble (which is owned by Google), Bumbleplus and Okcouch.
These adverts have been rolled out in search results for a number of months, according to TechCrunch, and feature attractive young people.
A search for “tinder dating” in the US returns ads from OkCoo, Bimble and Match, which are also owned by Alphabet, but which offer different types of dating services.
Tinder is one of the leading social networks in the world, with more than 1.8 billion monthly active users and nearly $1.4 billion in revenue in 2015.The imagery obtained from UAVs can immensely support in many applications ranging from large-scale mapping, disaster assessment, infrastructure planning, urban modeling to vegetation structure mapping. Specifically in the NE region of our country with limited connectivity and difficult terrain condition, the local planning and developmental activities can be greatly improved by the UAV survey. NESAC has conducted 60+ UAV surveys until the date to assist different line departments and research work in NER. NESAC has also facilitated all the State Remote Sensing Centres of NER in establishing UAV facility under the project “Use of Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Remote Sensing (UAV-RS)) for the States of NE region (NER)” funded by NEC.
NESAC also conducts on demand surveys for different line departments to support their planning activities at a very nominal cost. Some of the user departments are as mentioned below :Spectrum Electrical & Data is an Australian owned company specializing in all electrical work for the home, office and work place. Spectrum’s core business is to offer our customers quality products, delivered and installed on time, at a fair and competitive price.
No Product or Services Found under this Business
Online Booking is disabled for this Business
Mactumbo.com.au is an online business directory which allows businesses of all kinds and all levels to communicate with their potential customers and other businesses at absolutely no cost..
Veronique had initially traveled to Canada from Cameroon in August 2001, at the age of 19, on a study permit. She had decided to study in Canada and broaden her horizons. Veronique graduated from nursing college in Montreal and worked as a nurse for several years. She was praised and loved by her colleagues and employer; she was a wonderful and caring nurse.
Removal from Canada
Unfortunately, a few years after her arrival to Canada, at the age of 23, Veronique found herself in an abusive relationship with a man whose influence led her to be charged and convicted of fraud. Veronique took complete responsibility for her actions, paid her dues and completely turned her life around following the unfortunate event. She also ended the relationship and put everything behind her.
Around November 2007, Veronique met her Canadian husband and had 2 beautiful children. In 2008, Veronique’s husband submitted an inland spousal sponsorship application to sponsor Veronique to Canada, however, as the couple did not retain proper legal representation, and with the complications of her criminal conviction, this sponsorship application was refused in 2010. The couple filed a second application in 2012, but unfortunately, given the criminal inadmissibility issues, this application was refused as well, in 2013.
It is shortly after this second refusal that I met Veronique for a consultation to advise her of her options. I immediately submitted a new inland spousal sponsorship application with a Temporary Resident Permit request (special permit for criminally inadmissible applicants) in order to allow Veronique to remain in Canada with her husband and 2 children. I explained carefully in my applications Veronique’s background, the reason for the previous refusals and the details of her family life in Canada.
Unfortunately, a few weeks later, Veronique was asked to present her at Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) for an interview. Following her interview, a removal order was issued and Veronique was advised by CBSA that she had to leave Canada within a few weeks and bring in her plane tickets the following week.
Given that Veronique had lived in Canada for the best part of her adult life (over a decade!), the fact she had a Canadian husband whom she was happily married to and her 2 Canadian-born children, aged only 1 and 3 at the time, we decided, in an emergency application, to ask the Federal Court of Canada to stay her removal from Canada. Although I knew that in regards to the law, Veronique has a criminal conviction, which rendered her inadmissible to Canada, I was confident that there were enough humanitarian and compassionate grounds and proof of hardship to allow her to remain in Canada with her family until her immigration paperwork could be sorted out.
I did not see a Federal Court judge denying her stay in Canada as she met the basic requirements of a spousal sponsorship application – a genuine, committed and loving relationship. Yes she was out of status and yes she had a criminal conviction, but these were errors of the past – she had no other charges or convictions, she was employed, she spoke French and English perfectly, she was educated, she was a fantastic mother and wife, she had a vast network of friends and most importantly, Canada was her home. The positive factors weighed much more in her favor than against her. But most importantly, besides the many reasons she deserved to stay in Canada, the most important one, for me at least, was that she had 2 minor children (and she was their primary caregiver) and their best interest should be the center of all decisions relating to her future in Canada.
What would have been the purpose to deport Veronique from Canada at this stage, as she would be qualified to return once the spousal sponsorship application with the Temporary Resident Permits was finalized? Why separate and dislocate a family unit? Why place young children in such a difficult position?
Stopping Deportation
I appeared at Federal Court of Canada in Montreal on January 28, 2014, to plead her case at 9:30 am. Before we entered, I remember sitting outside the courtroom with Veronique, going over the possible outcomes and at the same time, watching her children walk and play around. I also remember her taking me aside, holding my hands and saying a short prayer – wishing for what is best to happen.
We entered the courtroom and I walked to my seat and podium. Veronique was sitting in the back with her husband and their children. The removal from Canada was a few days later. Although I am not a mother, I can only imagine the thoughts that could have been going through Veronique’s mind in that courtroom: “Will I have to leave Canada in a few days? What about my kids? Should they come with me to Cameroon where I haven’t lived myself in more than 12 years? What about my husband? How will we survive financially? What about my nursing position in Canada? Where will I live in Cameroon? How long would I be separated from my kids if I leave them in Canada? Would my husband be able to take care of the children on his own? What about all my belongings? How is this happening to me…?”
Departure from Canada
The next day, to my greatest shock, I received the dismissal of the Motion and had to advise Veronique that she needed to get on that plane back to Cameroon. I could not believe this – but at this stage, there was nothing else I could have done to keep her in Canada. The Motion for a Stay was the end of all avenues to keep her in Canada.
Veronique and her husband decided that it was in the best interest of the family for the children to live with Veronique in Cameroon. For this initial trip, Veronique’s husband also traveled with them to Cameroon and remained for about 1 month before returning to Canada to resume his employment in order to financially support his family.
Following her departure, I would regularly receive email updates from Veronique. She would tell me that life in Cameroon was difficult, financially and with respect to safety and security for her children. After about 1 year, seeing that life for the children in Cameroon was not suitable, Veronique’s husband flew to Cameroon and returned to Canada along with the children.
I regularly followed up with the Embassy processing Veronique’s overseas spousal sponsorship application and the TRP request. I advised Veronique that the processing would most likely take about 1-2 years, however, it could very well be longer than this, particularly given the fact that I had submitted a request for a special permit for her in order to overcome her criminal inadmissibility and allow her authorization to return to Canada.
At the 2 years mark, given that the application processing time had now gone beyond what was posted online and expected, I began sending regularly updated documents to the Embassy and vigorously requesting the Supervisor to review and finalize the application. I submitted updated photos and documents to demonstrate the hardship and difficulties that the family was enduring. Veronique had now been separated from her children and her husband for over a year, only being able to speak to them on Skype and sometimes, only by WhatsApp messages given the poor network connection.
Although Veronique was going trough a lot of hardship being separated from her husband and her children, her emails to me were always kind and considerate. She never pressured me to get a decision from the Embassy but always, very politely, asked me if it was possible to submit a request for updates. Veronique would even send me kind messages during the holidays and although she herself was going through a nightmare, she always took the time to wish me well.
Return to Canada after 3 years
On November 5, 2016, I received an email from the Supervisor at the Embassy. I had sent him numerous requests to expedite since July 2016, and my last correspondence also advised the Embassy that if I had not received a decision within 30 days, I was going to file a Mandamus request to the Federal Court forcing the Embassy to make a decision. The email I received advised me that the TRP application for Veronique was approved and she was authorized to return to Canada!
I was at a cottage with friends when I received this email on my phone. “Finally” – I screamed out loud looking down at my phone in my room. I immediately emailed Veronique the good news.
Another 3 months later, on February 10, 2017, after 3 years since she left Canada, I received another email from the Supervisor at the Embassy advising me that the Temporary Resident Permit was ready to be issued for Veronique and she was authorized to return to Canada to reunite with her children.
Veronique returned to Canada on March 10, 2017, and was finally reunited with her family. She sent me a picture with her children and also came by my office to say hello – we hugged, in tears both of us. She told me that she never lost her faith and remained strong and hopeful that the time would come for her to be able to return to home. She told me that she believed that what is right always prevails.
Veronique’s strength, courage and her kindness truly marked me. It is not every day that an immigration lawyer has the privilege to work with such a client. It was a privilege to work with someone like Veronique and I wish her all the best in her new life in Canada, for a second time.To kick off NYC's Pride Weekend, EV Grieve has some pictures from the 19th annual Drag March, which launched from Tompkins Square Park last night. Some people went all out with their outfits. Others, like the guy pictured on the right, put on lipstick but forgot to shave. Also, it looks like he slept in that wig. Pretty much everyone's costume is worth checking out. [EVGrieve]
Filed under:$79.00
Overlander Summit Fleece Hoodie
Description
Our comfortable, but rugged fleece hoodie will quickly become your favorite. The raglan sleeve provides you additional mobility and the three-piece hood has drawcords for a better fit. Fair Trade Certified, in a zero waste factory from 50% Recycled Cotton/50% Recycled Polyester. Made in the USA.Software Development Kit (SDK) and API Discussions
Hi Bill,
This is possible using the Clustered ONTAP API "system-node-get-iter". This will list all the nodes and many other details of the nodes similar to the cluster show CLI command.
Hope it helped.
- Aashray ?
Live Chat, Watch Parties, and More!
Engage digitally throughout the sales process, from product discovery to conﬁguration, and handle all your post-purchase needs.Do you know how your car moves? Internal combustion engines produce motion by burning the gasoline inside the car engine. It does this by using a spark in the spark plugs to ignite the fuel-air mixture.
A distributor in your car’s engine delivers the right amount of current to the spark plugs at the right time for ignition to take place. In addition, modern engines come with computerized ignition systems.
One notable feature of modern ignition systems is an ignition timing control mechanism known as vacuum advance. Adjusting the vacuum advance unit ensures optimal performance of automobile engines.
In this article, we will discuss how you can adjust vacuum advance on HEI distributor, including other things you need to know. Keep reading!
How To Adjust Vacuum Advance On An HEI Distributor
One of the first and vital adjustments for optimized engine performance is the vacuum advance on high engine ignition (HEI) distributors.
So, how can you adjust the vacuum advance on the HEI distributor? The steps below describe how.
- Set the engine’s mechanical timing by disconnecting and plugging the vacuum advance hose at the distributor and plug the hose. Then, connect the power lead to the vehicle battery.
- Loosen the distributor hold-down bolt Kick start the engine and ensure it heats up to standard operating temperature.
- Switch on the distributor and use the timing. Ensure you have set the vehicle’s timing to the manufacturer’s specifications. Most cars come with a decal in the engine compartment, which shows the timing specifications.
- After making all necessary adjustments, tighten the distributor bolt. Rev up your engine to 2000rpm with your assistant observing the time reading on the harmonic balancer. Record the time settings. Then, remove and reconnect the vacuum advance hose plug to the distributor.
- Pull out the vacuum advance hose from the carburetor. Proceed further by connecting the long hose vacuum gauge to the carburetor’s vacuum advance port.
Ensure you have placed the vacuum gauge in the passenger’s side of the car in a location where your assistant can easily read it when the vehicle is in motion. In addition, ensure the vacuum gauge does not Interfere with any operating parts of the engine.
- Drive the vehicle while having your assistant observe the maximum amount, not vacuum, displayed on the gauge when the engine functions at average highway speed.
- Safely bring the vehicle to a halt, apply the brakes and switch off the engine. Next, connect the timing light inductive pick-up to the number one spark plug wire and connect the power lead to the vehicle’s battery.
- Ensure the vacuum pump with a gauge is attached to the distributor vacuum advance. Kick start the engine while having your assistant Rev the motor up to 2000rpm. Pump the vacuum to match the driving test reading in step 5.
- Record the timing on the harmonic balancer. Record the total advance displayed on the scale. From the recorded reading, subtract the reading value recorded in step 3. For example, if the task in step 3 was 35 degrees and from step 8 is 42 degrees, then 42 minus 35 equals 7.
- Detach the vacuum pump and connect a 3/32 Allen wrench into the port on the vacuum advance where the hose clamps. A small adjusting screw is present in the vacuum advance. Adjust the screw in a clockwise direction to decrease the vacuum advance and anticlockwise movement to increase the vacuum advance.
- Carry out steps 9 and 10 repeatedly until the absolute difference between the mechanical advance and vacuum advance has been set to 10 degrees of advance at standard highway operating conditions.
- Remove vacuum pump and timing light and connect the vacuum advance hose back to the carburetor.
What Is Vacuum Advance?
Vacuum advance is an ignition control mechanism that automatically adjusts the sparks from the intake manifold vacuum. Vacuum advance provides the extra needed refinement when an engine is not running at full throttle.
Vacuum advance comprises of three components:
- an advance plate,
- vacuum canister, and
- a linkage.
Vacuum advance is an essential component of the ignition platform that offers both performance and economy. Leaving vacuum advance unplugged is synonymous with trashing free engine efficiency.
About Ignition Timing
Ignition timing is a method of delivering a spark at the right time. It aligns the pointer with the position of the piston and the velocity of the crankshaft.
As a result, ignition of the air-fuel mixture occurs at the best possible timing. Excessive vibrations arise when the ignition occurs too early or too late. These vibrations might be harmful to the engine.
How Does Vacuum Advance Affect Performance?
Vacuum advance improves throttle response, increases the engine’s efficiency, and regulates the engine temperature.
Vacuum advance helps High Energy Ignition (HEI) distributors to increase engine responses at low RPMs. Vacuum advance works best with street vehicles as they do not operate at full throttle than their racing counterparts.
A vacuum advance unit can increase advance up to 15 degrees, although this depends on the vacuum applied. Thus, you can use a vacuum advance together with a mechanical advance.
Note that vacuum advance does not affect full-throttle power and provides no benefit for engines that spend most of their life at RPM (race engines).
How To Test A Vacuum Advance On An HEI Distributor
It is a commonplace for a vacuum advance to wear out, but you can quickly test it using a vacuum gauge. You can do this by attaching the vacuum gauge and checking the reading against it.
In cases where vacuum reading doesn’t correspond, then you may have found your problem. You can test an HEI distributor for vacuum leaks following the steps below.
- Detach the vacuum advance from the distributor.
- To the vacuum port on the distributor, attach a vacuum gauge.
- Continuously rotate the engine until operating temperature is attained.
- Pay attention to the time taken for the manifold pressure to drop below 10 inches of Mercury and then return to normal.
- Take this as the baseline reading, which typically should be around 15minutes but may vary from one engine type and age to another.
- Disconnect or remove the vacuum engine from the distributor and replace it with a new or rebuilt vacuum advance, a reversed order with the gasket facing down towards the manifold.
Note: Before you test the vacuum advance on an HEI distributor, touch it to ensure it is warm. You do this to check if power is flowing through the system.
What Is High Energy Ignition (HEI)?
High Energy Ignition, known mainly as HEI, is an electronic ignition system made by Delco Remy, a division of General Motors. This ignition system was a feature of all North American GM models between the seventies and the mid-eighties.
The designs changed with each passing year, and at some point in the late 1970s, GM added computer controls for some applications. Then, in 1972, they released an optional predecessor system known as utilized ignition for Pontiacs.
Most HEI systems come with an ignition coil mounted on the distributor cap. They also have control modules and magnetic pick-ups on the distributor in the breaker points and condenser of the ignition systems.
HEI control modules come in four types – the 4-pin, 5-pin, 7-pin, and 8-pin modules.
The four-pin modules:
This was put to use in carbureted engines. It uses vacuum and advanced centrifugal mechanisms, which are conventional mechanical timing controls.
The five-pin modules:
GM introduced this module in 1978 as an early attempt at electronic timing controls. It had a provision for connecting a knock sensor.
The seven and eight-pin modules:
Early computer-controlled engines used these modules and a fixed timing distributor as the computer controls the ignition timing.
How Does The HEI Distributor Work?
The high Energy Ignition (HEI) system comprises a star-shaped wheel in the center shaft, passing in front of a magnetic pick-up.
Each time the star point passes close to the pick-up, it produces a pulse that triggers the coil. The coil is an inherent part of the distributor and is present in the distributor cap.
The control unit for the magnetic pick-up is a module located in the distributor. The distributor requires only one wire to supply power to the module.
The module sends a voltage to the magnetic pick-up, which the stay wheel interrupts each time it causes a pulse. This pulse reverses to the module, which grounds the coil, causing a spark plug to fire.
The HEI has a vacuum advance that operates the base of the distributor. Therefore, on starting the engine, the distributor will be in a semi-retarded position.
The produced vacuum turns the base plate band and increases the advance for the spark. When the engine starts to run, the RPM increases to over 2000rpm, then the mechanical advance takes over and further increases the advance to 32 degrees.
Conclusion
High energy ignition (HEI) is an electronic ignition system designed by Delco Remy, a division of General Motors. The majority of HEI systems come with a mounted ignition coil present in the distributor cap.
Vacuum advance is an ignition timing regulation mechanism that varies the instant a spark occurs as an intake manifold vacuum.
Vacuum advance is present only in vehicles with partial throttles. As a result, they are absent in racing cars as they possess a full throttle.
Vacuum advance improves vehicle performance. For example, it contributes immensely to how fast vehicles accelerate and climb hills.Publication year:
2011
Format:
pdf (3.7 MiB)
Publisher:
Save the Children
Save the Children, in collaboration with the Institute for Human Development (IHD), conducted a census of street children in all nine districts of Delhi in 2010, to find out how many children are living and working on the street in the city and to gain a deeper insight into their lives..
Publisher
Authors
Format
Content type
RegionmHealth applications, or “apps” as they are more commonly known, offer the opportunity to improve healthcare delivery and clinical outcomes. The ability to monitor patients remotely can enable patient risk-factor management and improve treatment compliance, thus allowing early detection of medical complications and ultimately preventing unnecessary hospitalizations.1
In addition to enhancing the delivery of care, one of the most significant opportunities that mHealth offers is in the consumer health domain, allowing patients to actively engage in and self manage their condition.2 Mobile phones also allow for the design of timely interventions based on user behavior. mHealth-mediated behavioral interventions can produce cognitive, behavioral, emotional, and social health-oriented responses.2 As such, mHealth apps are particularly appropriate for problems where treatments depend on patient behavioral change, such as those related to smoking, obesity, diabetes, and other chronic conditions.
Despite the many potential benefits of mHealth apps, pilot studies aimed at evaluating the effectiveness of mHealth interventions have yielded mixed results.3–5 Furthermore, a quarter of all app downloads are used only once.6 Consumers often do not return to applications that do not immediately engage them, therefore undermining the intervention's potential effectiveness. Regrettably, there is no simple formula for designing engaging and effective mHealth apps.7,8
Currently, many electronic health (eHealth) and mHealth interventions are designed on the basis of existing healthcare system constructs and may not be as effective as those that involve end users in the design process.9 Moreover, designers often base their designs on assumptions that are not validated with primary user input. The resulting systems may lack key features, and subsequent evaluations of the effectiveness of the interventions may be compromised.10
Consumers often do not return to applications that do not immediately engage them, therefore undermining the intervention's potential effectiveness.
For this reason, we employ the user-centered design (UCD) process—an evidence-based approach informed by the needs and understanding of a specific end-user group. In our experience, designing mHealth and other apps,5 UCD plays a key role in achieving user engagement, thus improving the likelihood of the intervention's effectiveness. The World Health Organization agrees, and advises that user evaluation be incorporated into the mHealth project lifecycle to ensure effective outcomes.7
Engaging Users to Produce Effective mHealth Apps
User-centered design, as the name implies, involves consideration of the user at every stage of the design process. Iterative cycles of prototyping and user testing lead to improved ease of use and adoption by end users.11 In the context of mHealth-mediated care, UCD represents a systematic process that is key to ensuring applications remain patient-focused.
As outlined in Figure 1, the UCD process begins at the concept generation stage. Once users have been identified, a thorough investigation of their needs is conducted in order to understand the intended use and goal of the mHealth application. Human factors research techniques such as in-context field studies (ethnography), focus groups, and one-on-one interviews contribute to this user needs assessment. Other important factors to consider may include the environment in which the application will be used, the social or organizational culture of the user group, potential cognitive biases, and the group's preferred communication style.
User-Centered Design Process
User-Centered Design Process
After this initial investigation of user needs is complete, the next step is to translate these into a set of functional requirements and design guidelines. There are several practices used to accomplish this transformation. One effective technique is bottom-up thematic analysis10,12–14—an iterative exploratory process of analysis of user data transcripts from interviews or focus group discussions, where text segments are coded for potential themes. This process is also known as open coding.15
As the coding framework develops, transcripts are re-analyzed in light of new or emerging themes. Major themes that are relevant to the software system goals are thus derived. These concrete themes are then used to inform the app development through the derivation of specific design principles. The design principles are used to focus the development team so as not to deviate from the UCD process.10
Initial prototypes can be simple sketches and wireframes that help to elicit feedback and lead to a deeper understanding of the intended goal of the application. As the design cycle progresses, designs are evaluated and refined iteratively with users, by way of walkthroughs and usability testing.
During a walkthrough, participants are assisted by a facilitator through the process of using an application,16 and encouraged to think aloud and provide feedback on the difficulties they experience with the proposed workflow. This feedback ensures that the performance of the application matches the user requirements. Once a functional prototype is available, usability testing—which provides a more objective way of evaluating the design than with walkthroughs—can be conducted.
During a usability test, a representative user works independently in a controlled environment through a set of scenarios representing typical usage of the app, while simultaneously thinking aloud.17,18 Observers take notes of the participant's behaviors, comments, and issues,19 which help to uncover hidden functional and interface design flaws.20
Usability testing is considered to be “a cornerstone of best practices for the design of medical devices.”17 Alternatively, a field study may be conducted where usability data is collected in the users' natural environment, such as in people's homes or places of work, as they interact with the product.21 This can be done through observations, or by means of remote data collection techniques such as automated usage data transfer or video.
It should be noted that the user-centered design process can vary in degree of complexity. During the early stages of design, the evaluation process can be simple and include tests of users performing high-level tasks using low-fidelity prototypes. In later design stages, users can be asked to perform realistic tasks with working prototypes.
Usability feedback should ideally be elicited early in the design process, so that potential use-related issues can be addressed early in the development life cycle. The following three app development processes illustrate the importance of this point.
Case Studies of User-Centered Design In mHealth
1. A Diabetes Self-Management App for Adolescents
One of the most prevalent chronic conditions requiring intensive self-management is type 1 diabetes. Among those affected by the condition, adolescents are a particularly challenging population for effecting a positive health behavioral change with respect to self-management. Global studies have repeatedly demonstrated that therapeutic targets for glycemic control are not met by adolescents.22
Recognizing the appeal that smartphone technology presents to this specific user group, we utilized UCD to design and develop an mHealth app to keep these young patients more consistently engaged in their self-care. We invited adolescents with type 1 diabetes, their families, and care providers to help us design, develop, and evaluate a home-based diabetes telemanagement app that we named Bant, after the co-discoverer of insulin, Frederick Banting.
The early design stage entailed conducting qualitative interviews with the adolescents and their parents, as well as focus group sessions with their clinical teams. Design requirements were derived through a thematic analysis of the interview transcripts. One of the themes that emerged was the need for fast and discrete transactions so that adolescents can avoid social embarrassments such as having to test their blood glucose level at lunchtime.
User-centered design features in Bant, a diabetes self-management app for adolescents.
User-centered design features in Bant, a diabetes self-management app for adolescents.
The Bant system includes an iPhone and a LifeScan glucometer with a Bluetooth adapter for automated data transfers to the app.
The Bant system includes an iPhone and a LifeScan glucometer with a Bluetooth adapter for automated data transfers to the app.
Such social factors are independent of proper diabetes self-management functions, but are key factors in whether an app will actually be adopted by users in this demographic group. It would have been difficult to derive this requirement without having had user involvement in the design process.
Another requirement that was identified was the need for sustained user engagement with the app through rewards and incentives. Thus, rewards in the form of music and apps through the iTunes store were introduced as part of Bant. Next, paper mock-ups were shown to potential users and their feedback was solicited so that the daily blood glucose measurement trends could be presented in the most intuitive and straightforward manner.
User-centered design features in <30 Days, a heart health promotion app.
User-centered design features in <30 Days, a heart health promotion app.
To evaluate the app, adolescents were supplied with an iPhone with Bant installed, and a LifeScan glucometer with a Bluetooth adapter for automated transfers of blood glucose readings to the app. Instead of conducting a lab usability test, we decided that a field study where data is collected in the users' natural environment would provide more meaningful data for the adolescent user group.
After using Bant for 12 weeks, adolescent users reported high levels of satisfaction with the app: 88% stated that they would continue to use it. They also provided feedback regarding the ease of use of each section of the app, their general thoughts about it, and suggestions for improvement, which the development team used to further enhance the app.
A comparison of behavior in the 12 weeks before adolescents began using Bant and the 12 weeks after revealed evidence of clear behavioral change. The average daily frequency of blood glucose measurements increased by 49.6% (from 2.4 to 3.6 measurements per day).23 Although the pilot was limited to a small, single-site convenience sample with no control group, ongoing evaluation iterations combined with a randomized controlled trial will allow us to generalize the findings and determine the precise efficacy of the intervention.
In summary, the UCD approach facilitated the identification of critical end-user requirements that ultimately resulted in eliciting positive health behavior from a population that is difficult to engage in self-management. These positive results were achieved with minimal intervention by care providers, and provide further evidence that patient self-care is achievable with minimum dependency on the healthcare system.
2. A Heart Health Promotion App
Heart disease and stroke remain the leading cause of death and disability worldwide.24 Online interventions currently exist to help consumers address their heart and stroke risk factors, but these are often too clinically focused, and inaccessible to those who are not naturally heart-health conscious. As such, the Heart and Stroke Foundation of Canada engaged our team to design a mobile application, named <30 Days, to empower consumers to address potential risk factors in their lifestyle, and ultimately manage their heart health.
Findings from existing literature and responses from user surveys were employed to build an initial mobile-based interactive prototype, which was then usability tested with a sample of 15 end users. Three iterations of prototype design and usability testing were conducted, with concurrent integration of visual designs that focused on user experience as well as the language and tone of design elements and written content.
Users of the <30 Days app were given a choice between three possible health ‘coaches’: assertive, supportive, or fun. The theme that emerged from user feedback was that a fun or light tone would be most engaging.
This finding was translated into a user requirement and incorporated into the app's user interface and content. As a result, the language throughout the app was kept informal, brief, and accessible, and the design theme was bright and playful.
Following each iteration of usability testing, we asked users in a post-test questionnaire if they thought the app would help them improve their health. Ninety-three percent of respondents either ‘agreed’ or ‘strongly agreed’ to the question.
A comparison of behavior in the 12 weeks before adolescents began using Bant and the 12 weeks after revealed evidence of clear behavioral change.
The development of this mobile app is still underway, but these early results demonstrate the importance of a multidisciplinary approach (human factors, design, medicine, and public health), the inclusion of end users, and the employment of UCD methodologies in creating an intuitive, engaging, and effective mHealth application.
3. An Asthma Self-Management App
Asthma is one of the most common chronic diseases in the world, with approximately 300 million people affected by the disease.25 It is estimated that asthma accounts for 1 in every 250 deaths worldwide, many of which are preventable, due in part to suboptimal long-term medical care.25
The 2011 Global Strategy for Asthma Management and Prevention report identifies self-management as a key element in maintaining asthma control for better health outcomes.26 Therefore, our team set out to develop a web-based and mobile application in conjunction with the Ontario Lung Association to empower consumers and caregivers to proactively self manage their asthma between clinic visits.
To inform the initial design and development of the asthma mobile self-management system, we conducted interviews with patients to understand their specific needs and requirements for managing asthma on a daily basis. These interviews helped us investigate:
How patients currently self-manage their asthma
Whether patients felt there was a need for the proposed application
The type of information the app should provide
Any factors that may affect the effective uptake of the app
One interesting outcome derived from the initial interviews with patients was that the fun tone adopted for the <30 Days app was not well received by the asthma patient user group. They felt that the fun content or language belied the seriousness of their chronic disease condition.
In the development process for a typical mHealth app, this finding may not have become apparent until after the application was released to the public, further reinforcing the need for user feedback throughout the design and development stages.
As care providers will also be remote users of this app, we validated the patient workflow with clinicians and subject matter experts. Prototypes of this app are now being developed, and will be refined through feedback gathered during usability testing. An example of an early wireframe software simulation is shown above.
The design and evaluation process will be repeated for three iterations as the prototypes gain higher fidelity. The engagement of patients with asthma to provide objective feedback throughout development, and not just be passive recipients of the intervention, will be key to end-user adoption of the app, and ultimately to its effectiveness in producing sustained behavioral change.
Conclusion
From our experience, when users are engaged throughout the app development process, a number of key system requirements can be identified that could otherwise be entirely missed.
User-centered design features in early wireframe prototypes of the Breathe app.
User-centered design features in early wireframe prototypes of the Breathe app.
The implementation of a UCD process in the development of mHealth tools is critical in ensuring user engagement, and consequently app effectiveness in terms of sustained behavioral change in the users of the app. However, current industry practice often views usability testing as optional, expensive, and prone to delay project timelines.
In fact, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently mandated the utilization of human factors design and evaluation practices for a wide range of medical technologies.
While the utilization of UCD is not always common in the domain of mHealth, its benefits have been recognized in healthcare systems design in recent years. Guidelines and standards for medical device design and usability testing have been published extensively.16,17,27–31 At present, medical devices, software, and other technologies go through a rigorous process of user needs analysis, iterative design cycles, and usability evaluations.
In fact, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently mandated the utilization of human factors design and evaluation practices for a wide range of medical technologies.32 Furthermore, the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality has recommended that usability become part of the certification test for electronic health records to ensure safety and effectiveness of system integration.33
Continued research on the effectiveness of user-centered design in the domain of mHealth and its ability to foster behavioral change is needed to establish stronger evidence, and will be an important contribution to the healthcare industry. Recognizing the advantages of a UCD approach and the unrealized potential of mHealth as a means for enhancing self-care, we recommend that development efforts implement a UCD process from the early stages of design. We believe that only then will mHealth apps meet users' expectations, lead to improved self-care, and ultimately improve user health outcomes.
Acknowledgments
We wish to acknowledge the contributions of the team that developed Bant, <30 Days, and Breathe from Healthcare Human Factors and the Centre for Global eHealth Innovation: Nathaniel Hamming, Kevin Tallevi, Mathieu Trudel, Peter Picton, Archana Gopal, Mark Bianco, Stephanie So, Shivani Goyal, Diane De Sousa, Stefano Gelmi, and Joanne Wong.
We would also like to acknowledge our collaborators and funding partners: Hospital for Sick Children, Saint Elizabeth Healthcare, The Heart and Stroke Foundation, The Ontario Lung Association, Canada Health Infoway, Western University and Queen's University.
References
About the Authors
Tara McCurdie, PEng, is a human factors engineer with Healthcare Human Factors, University Health Network (UHN). E-mail: tara@humanfactors.ca
Svetlena Taneva, PhD, is a human factors specialist with Healthcare Human Factors, UHN. E-mail: svetlena@humanfactors.ca
Mark Casselman, MSc, is senior project manager at the Centre for Global eHealth Innovation, UHN.
Melanie Yeung, MHSc, is a human factors specialist with Healthcare Human Factors, UHN. E-mail: melanie@humanfactors.ca
Cassie McDaniel, BFA, is a human factors designer with Healthcare Human Factors, UHN. E-mail: cassie@humanfactors.ca
Wayne Ho, MEng, is a human factors specialist with Healthcare Human Factors, UHN. E-mail: wayne@humanfactors.ca
Joseph Cafazzo, PhD, PEng, is lead for the Centre for Global eHealth Innovation; director of Healthcare Human Factors, UHN; and assistant professor at the University of Toronto. E-mail: joe@humanfactors.caTrouble to get precise measurements in 3D space!
From:
Michael Gibson
5 Sep 2009 (3 of 3)
2902.3
In reply to
2902.1
Hi mogh,
> I have reall trouble to draw lines and splines with precise measures
> in moi 3d.
There's a function called "distance constraint" which allows you to control the length of a line that you are drawing.
Just type the length in and push enter, and the second point of the line you are drawing will get placed at that exact distance.
You can also enter in a similar "angle constraint" to control the angle of the line by typing in the angle number with a < character in front of it, like: <30 and then push enter.
Also if you want the line to start at a particular x,y coordinate, just type in that coordinate and push enter, like: 2,2 <enter>
It's also possible to enter in polar coordinates where the point is specified by a distance and angle in one compact notation, those are entered like this: 5<45.
There's some more information on the various options for typing in precise measurements while picking a point
in the help file here
.
Does that give you the kind of measurement control that you need? Let me know if you are trying to do something else.
Also like Ralf shows in that link, there are some more functions in v2 for controlling the size of the selected objects - there is a new properties panel that shows you the size of the selected objects and lets you edit it there.
> I somehow cant get a grip on which plane I am or what dimension ...
Well, when you've got straight snap on there are labels on the screen that say "x" or "y" that tell you which direction the snap is happening on, just look at those, for example:
Also it sounds like you may want to go to Options > View, and enable the "Show axis icon" option, which will make a little axis direction widget show up in the lower left corner of the viewport:
> So my question is will there be an oldschool draw on one
> plane and make dimensioning on that plane and then exit
> it (like Solidworks , Pro/E) kinda way some day?
In the future I'd like to give some stuff like that a try.
But currently MoI is set up more like an oldschool drafting program, where you have a whole lot of options for accurately controlling the object as you are drawing it so you can get the precise result you want right from the start.
There is some good progress for the "modify it later" type method in MoI v2 though, with the new property panel size editor as shown in Ralf's link above.
But there are all kinds of ways to accurately specify a line (or other things too) when you are drawing it, let me know if you need more info on that.
- Michael
Attachments:
mogh_dimension1.jpg
mogh_dimension2.jpgHappen to Your Career LLC Affiliate Terms & Conditions
Updated 06/25. In being a part of our Affiliate program, you’re agreeing that you comply with the FTC Disclosure. Thank you.
DEFINITIONS As used in the below Terms: (i) “We”, “us” and “our” refers to Happen to Your Career LLC, aka Happen to Your Career, which includes its podcast, Happen to Your Career, HappenToYourCareer.com, WorkYouLove.co and the respective Happen to Your Career LLC brands, which include but are not limited to Work You Love: OneStop, Get Your Job Now, 6 Weeks to Dream Job and Get a Raise Guide; (ii) “you” or “your” refers to the Affiliate; (iii) “our website” refers to the Happen to Your Career LLC brand websites, which include but are not limited to,,; (iv) “your website” refers to any websites that you will link to our website; (v) “Program” refers to the Happen to Your Career LLC Affiliate Program.
PRIVACY POLICY Also included as part of this Agreement is our Privacy Policy, which you must review prior to website use. Access and review our Privacy Policy at this link:. Do not use this website or Happen To Your Career Services if you do not accept and agree to be bound by all the terms of this Agreement and our Privacy Notice. Any personal information acquired through an affiliate or partner relationship, including that of your audience members who enroll to use our website and Services, will be extended the same considerations as outlined in our Privacy Policy.
ENROLLMENT After receiving your application, we will review your website and notify you if you have been accepted as an affiliate. Please include every url that you will use will use to promote our products and services.
WEBSITE RESTRICTIONS Your participating website(s) may not:
- Infringe on anyone’sintellectual property, publicity, privacy or other rights, including our’s.
- Violate any law, rule or regulation.
- Contain any content that is threatening, harassing, defamatory or obscene.
- Contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, or other computer programming routines that may it is determined you have engaged in any of the above described conduct, your current and past commissions will be voided or your commission level will be set to 0%. This does not include using “out” redirects from the same domain where the affiliate link is placed. (i.e. first time customers), resenting a button that claims to show all offers that sets the affiliate cookie in the background or using technology that generates a click or sets the cookie from the action of copying a coupon code or. HappenToYourCareer Happen to Your Career LLC or any of its brands.
-, “Join my friend @scottabarlow for a dream job workshop today [affiliate link].”.
- Disclosures must be made as close as possible to the claims, and may not appear solely in a “Terms of Use”, “Legal”, “About Us” or other linked paged.
- Disclosures must be made at each instance of a sponsored link. A single statement on the site, or a separate page with your general disclosure statement is not sufficient.
- Disclosures should be placed above the fold; scrolling should not be necessary to find the disclosure. (e.g. disclosure should be visible before the jump).
- Pop-up, hover state and button disclosures are prohibited.
- Disclosure policy applies to all social media, even when space is restricted (e.g., tweets)
For more information about FTC disclosure requirements, please review the FTC’s “Dot Com Disclosures” Guidelines at:; and the FTC’s Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising at:
REVERSAL & COMMUNICATION POLICY Happen to Your Career.
If you commence any litigation against us or if we commence litigation because of your failure to comply with any of the terms and conditions discussed above after we have instructed you to cease doing so, and we prevail, you shall be responsible for the attorney fees incurred by us.
To see the latest version of the agreement and current commission information at any time, please visitNote from the Director: Texas Smith
"Make A Memory" is a love letter to my fellow DIY contemporary, Evelyn Landow, & her father's relationship. Evelyn has spent years archiving home videos & after recording two albums with her father during the pandemic, we sourced that footage and glue-sticked, spray-painted, & stapled a fantastical world to commemorate the playful love & memories that two share, a love that remains amid time's persistent tides.
notable credits
Directed by. Texas Smith
Featuring. Evelyn & Tony Landow
Director of Photography. Andrew Skalak
Produced by. Connor Allen Smith, Chimika Rudy, Evelyn Landow, & C. Ryan Stemple
Music by. "Evelyn & Tony"
Puppets by. Ben KayeForget Multitasking
When dogs have employment to try to do, they provide it their undivided attention. It seems people should probably do an equivalent. Stanford researchers found that focus and memory suffer in those that juggle work, email, and web-surfing, compared to those that specialize in one task at a time. Other studies suggest employees lose time when multitasking.
Take Naps
You won’t catch your pet going from dawn to dusk with no shut-eye. There’s good evidence humans can enjoy catnaps, too. A study involving about 24,000 people indicates regular nappers are 37% less likely to die from a heart condition than people that nap only occasionally. Short naps also can enhance alertness and job performance.
Walk a day
Whether you’ve four legs or two, walking is one of the safest, easiest ways to burn calories and boost heart health. Taking regular walks also can help you:
Fight depression
Lose weight
Lower your risk for type 2 diabetes
Lower the danger of breast and carcinoma
Keep your bones strong
Keep your mind sharp
Cultivate Friendships
People are social animals, and friendships have measurable health benefits. Researchers in Australia followed 1,500 older people for 10 years. Those with the foremost friends were 22% likely to measure longer than those with the fewest friends.
Live in the instant
Living within the moment could also be one of the foremost important lessons we will learn from our pets. during a study called “A Wandering Mind Is an Unhappy Mind,” Harvard psychologists conclude that folks are happiest when doing activities that keep the mind focused, like sex or exercise. Planning, reminiscing, or brooding about anything aside from the present activity can undermine happiness.
Don’t Hold a Grudge
Part of living within the moment is letting bygones be bygones. abandoning of old grudges, and you will breathe easier. Chronic anger has been linked to a decline in lung function, while forgiveness contributes to lower vital signs and reduced anxiety. people that forgive also tend to possess higher self-esteem.
Wag
OK, so maybe you do not have a tail. But you’ll smile or put a spring in your step when you are feeling grateful. Researchers have found a robust connection between gratitude and general well-being. In one study, people that kept gratitude journals had better attitudes, exercised more and had fewer physical complaints.
Maintain Curiosity
According to a well-liked saying, curiosity could also be hazardous to a cat’s health. But not so for humans. Researchers have found that folks who are more curious tend to possess a greater sense of meaning in life. Other studies have linked curiosity to psychological well-being and therefore the expansion of data and skills.
Be Silly
Indulging during a little silliness may have serious health benefits. Cardiologists at the University of Maryland center found a stronger sense of humor in people with healthy hearts than in those that had suffered an attack. They conclude that “laughter is that the best medicine” – especially when it involves protecting your heart.
Get a Back Rub
The power of touch is nothing to smell at. The Touch Research Institute at the University of Miami Miller School of drugs has found massage therapy can ease pain, give the system a lift, and help manage chronic conditions like asthma and diabetes. The touch of a beloved could also be even more powerful. In one study, married women experienced less anxiety over the threat of an electrical shock once they held their husbands’ hands.
Drink Water When You’re Thirsty
Dogs don’t lap sports drinks when they have been playing hard – and most of the people don’t get to, either. During a typical workout, the beverage is that the best thanks to staying hydrated. Water gives your muscles and tissues critical fluid without adding to your calorie count. make certain to drink quite usual on hot days or when you’re sweating tons.
Eat Fish
Most cats would trade kibble for a can of tuna any day. Luckily, you’ll prefer to make fish a daily part of your diet. Salmon, tuna, trout, and other fatty fish are high in omega-3 fatty acids, which can reduce the danger of heart condition, high vital sign, and arthritis. additionally, Rush University researchers found that folks who eat fish a minimum of once every week are 60% less likely to develop Alzheimer’s disease.
If you’re keen on Someone, Show It
Dogs don’t play hard to urge – once they love you, they show you. it is a good approach for people seeking to strengthen their relationships. A study published within the journal Personal Relationships suggests small, thoughtful gestures can have an enormous impact on how connected and satisfied couples feel.
Play
Goofing off isn’t only for kids and kittens. In his book, Play, Stuart Brown, MD, writes that playing may be a basic human need alongside sleeping and eating. Play enhances intelligence, creativity, problem-solving, and social skills. So take a cue from your pet and devote yourself to an activity that has no purpose aside from sheer fun.
Enjoy the good Outdoors
A hike within the woods could also be a dog’s idea of bliss, but it’s many benefits for the human mind and body, as well. Spending time outdoors can enhance fitness, increase vitamin D levels, and reduce stress. In children, playing in natural settings has also been linked to raised sight, fewer ADHD symptoms, and better performance in class.
Make Time to Groom
Aside from the apparent health benefits of bathing and brushing your teeth, grooming can have a variety of positive effects on your life. Good personal hygiene is significant to self-esteem. A tidy appearance also can assist you to get and maintain employment.
Be Aware of visual communication
Dogs are excellent at reading each other’s intent from visual communication. Humans, not such a lot. While most folks do reveal our emotions through posture, speech patterns, and eye contact, people generally aren’t excellent at reading those cues. People recover at decoding visual communication as they grow old.
Stretch Often
Stretching will keep you limber, but the advantages don’t stop there. during a 10-week study, volunteers who did no exercise aside from stretching experienced surprising physical changes. Besides improving flexibility, they increased their muscle strength, power, and endurance. Although the study was a little one, the results suggest stretching could also be an honest alternative for people that have a condition that rules out traditional strength-training.
Seek Out Shade
When you’re at the park, and your pooch is prepared for an opportunity, they’ll probably find a pleasant shady spot to relax. Dermatologists recommend you imitate, especially between the hours of 10 a.m. and 4 p.m. That’s once you would take in the foremost UV rays, particularly during late spring and early summer. But confine in mind that even before you’re sheltered within the shade, it is a good idea to use a broad-spectrum sunscreen on exposed skin.
Stick to a Schedule
Pets just like the consistency of a routine – they can’t tell a Saturday from a Monday. an equivalent goes for the physical body clock. People sleep better if they are going to bed and obtain up at an equivalent time a day, even on weekends. Sticking to a uniform schedule for bathing, dressing, and eating also can improve the standard of sleep.
Thank you for continue reading please don’t forget to share this article with your friends.Based in northern Saskatchewan, Canada, Northern Lights Foods markets Organic Wild Rice around the world. Our product is available in bulk and retail packages.
Northern Lights Foods has been in the wild rice business for over 40 years and was rewarded with a prestigious award of Best Export Company and continuous economic development of the region and its people. In 2012, Northern Lights Foods changed ownership but remained dedicated to the development of harvesters so that we still supply high quality first and secondly, quantity to our ever growing markets. We work closely with Saskatchewan Trade and Export Partnership (STEP) for continuing market development.
Northern Lights Foods is fully committed to organic quality and sustainable resources and providing increased opportunity for northern residents.
We are proud to carry the Canada Organic logo as proof of the high standards set out by international inspectors and are certified by TransCanada Organic Certification Services (TCO Cert). TCO Cert has its roots in one of the oldest certification bodies in Canada, is member owned and controlled, chapter based and fully accredited as a certifying body under Canada’s Organic Regime (COR).Abstract
This article explores the relationship between religion and neo-Latin drama in the Low Countries from the mid sixteenth until the early part of the seventeenth century and argues that the central importance of neo-Latin drama to the teaching of early modern students reveals much about contemporary attitudes towards religion and theology.
Keywords
- drama religionGeneral
This pillowcase is made from 100% all-natural untreated silk fibers and contains 18 amino acids. We believe in the power of nature which is why we leave out harmful chemical processing i.e. unnecessary dyes and chemicals. The end result? A product that’s better for you and our planet.
Silk alleviates sleep lines, wrinkle formation and skin irritations. It promotes hydrated skin by forming a smooth surface that allows your skin to gently glide across. Silk has the added benefit of being naturally hypoallergenic. It is resistant to dust mites, mold and mildew which helps to prevent morning breakouts and blemishes. The natural thermoregulation properties of silk maintain an ideal temperature for sweat-free sleep.
Your grandmother used to wrap her hair in silk at night to protect her hair style. The same grandmotherly science applies here. Silk minimizes friction and alleviates tugging at delicate hair strands. This prevents hair breakage, maintains hairstyles, extends blowouts and minimizes bedhead. Silk maintains the natural moisture levels of your hair, so you wake up with silky locks every morning. Silk also has a very similar chemical structure to human hair plus is super breathable, which results in additional moisture retention.
While the Venus Silk Pillowcase will arrive to you clean and ready for use, we do recommend that you wash it before using it as you may be accustomed to your own detergent.
Easy –machine wash cold and tumble dry on low heat.
Absolutely not. The natural thermoregulation properties of silk maintain an ideal temperature for sweat-free sleep.
The Venus Silk Pillowcase is made in China. After years of searching the globe for the highest quality silk, turns out it is still where the history books point to: China.
to get more information on shipping , please check this page :
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Don’t ghost us- we love to hear from customers! It is our first priority to be available to you. The best way to reach us is by e-mail at: care@junethesix.com. We will respond within 24 hours.
REFERRAL PROGRAM
Glad you asked! Yes, we do have a referral program.
When you sign up for our referral program, you can share your love of June the Six by sending customized links of $10 off to your friends and followers. For each new customer who makes a purchase using your code, you get your very own $10 off code for your next purchase. (BTW… there is no limit on how many new customers you can recruit. So the more the better!).
If you’re interested, check out our referral program here.
GIFT CARDS
Yes, we do and you are about to give someone a game-changing gift! Click here to add a gift card to your cart and proceed with check out as you normally would. The gift card will be promptly delivered via email.
CONTACT INFO
For Media and PR inquiries, email: press@junethesix.com
For partnership opportunities, email: partnership@junethesix.com
For corporate/bulk orders, email: sales@junethesix.comSnyk,, Boldstart Ventures, Canaan Partners, Coatue, GV, Salesforce Ventures, and funds managed by Blackrock.
New investors joining Accel and Tiger on the cap table included Alkeon, Atlassian Ventures, Franklin Templeton, Geodesic Capital, Sands Capital Ventures and Temasek.
Withe big valuation and very very late stage investors on the cap table, it’s likely that this will be Snyk’s last round before a public offering. And the markets for enterprise software companies have been white hot recently, so the reception for Snyk should be positive.
Snyk’s value and sky high valuation comes from its ability to offer an application security platform that the company said is designed to provide security visibility and remediation for every component of modern applications — including their code, open source libraries, container infrastructure and infrastructure as code.
Investors seem to believe the company’s claims and so do a clutch of key new hires including Chief Marketing and Customer Experience Officer Jeff Yoshimura, a former executive at Elastic; CIO Erica Geil, who previously worked at Groupon; and Vice President, Asia Pacific Japan (APJ) Sales, Shaun McLagan, who previously worked for EMC.
After the funding, Michael Scarpelli, the Chief Financial Officer of the enterprise software darling and last year’s blockbuster public offering, Snowflake, and Ping Li, a longtime enterprise software investor and a Partner at Accel.
“We first met the Snyk team at the start of their journey, as early investors,” said Li, in a statement. “Throughout our partnership, we’ve witnessed first-hand Snyk’s unshakeable dedication to developer and security teams and their original vision become a reality. We’re looking forward to supporting the successes of Snyk in 2021 and beyond.”
Snyk’s financing comes as application vulnerabilities are becoming an increasingly popular attack vector for hackers. Roughly 43% of data breaches have been linked back to flaws in applications, according to the company.
Meanwhile, a dearth of developers focused on security means that automation has to do more heavy lifting. Snyk says it provides that through automated remediation and the integration of security features directly into developer workflows. The company also offers real-time answers to coders’ security questions.
So far, that suite of services has meant more than 27 million developers around the world are using Snyk tools and the company also provides a marketplace for security coders to pitch their own tools on the Snyk platform.
.The marketing technology space consists of an incredibly complex and diverse ecosystem of vendors and platforms. As a result, many marketers struggle to understand the full array of options at their disposal, which often leads to wasted spend and ineffective MarTech stacks. Read this eBook on marketing tech 101 to understand the basics of marketing automation and how to align your MarTech stack with your marketing strategy.
In this eBook, you'll learn:
Unique insights into the modern MarTech landscape
4 marketing automation capabilities to extend the power of B2B marketing
5 keys to assessing your marketing automation platform requirements
How to build the right processes to support your marketing technology plans
Download the eBook!
Today - Saturday (11/27): Use code: THANKS for 15% OFF Clothing & Shoes + 20% OFF Cashmere Sweaters
DETAILS
The Miz Mooz Canary sandal gives us western summer vibes. This shoe features an embellished upper, an outer buckle strap with a back zipper, and a stacked mid-heel.
SIZING
Sizes are approximate. For more information on sizing, please call us.
36 = 5.5/637 = 6.5/738 = 7.5/839 = 8.5/940 = 9.5/1041 = 10.5/11News CRISPR Gene-Editing Experiment Partly Restores Vision In Legally Blind Patients : Shots – Health News – NPR September 29, 2021September 29, 2021 0 Comments Carlene Knight, who has a congenital eye disorder, volunteered to let doctors edit the genes in her retina using CRISPR. Franny White/OHSU Carlene Knight’s vision was so bad that she couldn’t even … [read more]2021-11-26 14:03
As a startup entrepreneur, one of the things you need to know about social media sites is that you can use them to grow your business. According to statistics, there are over 4 billion socia… 
Blog Directory > Technology Blogs > Nogentech - Blog For Online Tech & Marketing Tips, technology Blog >Collect and customize the world’s most amazing cars to use in Need for Speed Heat with the Need for Speed Heat Studio mobile app. Expand your collection with weekly drops and complete challenges to unlock the most iconic cars on the streets today.
Will NFS heat be on mobile?
Electronic Arts released the NFS Heat Studio app for iOS and Android devices. Users can collect and customise their cars which can be imported into the main game upon release. On June 8, 2020, it was announced that the game would feature support for cross-platform play starting June 9 as part of the game’s final patch.
Is NFS heat available for Android?
Download NFS Heat apk is an adrenaline-fueled vibrant racing video game. The racing game is set in an open world environment inspired by the city of Miami, Florida and its outskirts as Palm City. …
What devices support NFS heat studio?
iOS minimum requirements
- iOS version 11.4 or higher.
- iPhone 5s and iPad mini 2 or newer.
- A7 64bit/Cyclone/ARMv8-A.
- 1 GB RAM.
4.09.2019
Is NFS heat offline?
The racer can be played entirely offline.
Speaking with Twinfinite, Ghost Games confirmed that Need for Speed Heat can be played entirely offline if players wish to do so.
How much is NFS heat PC?
Need for Speed Heat
What is NFS Heat app?
Simply called NFS Heat Studio, the app gives players a taste of what to expect in the game after last week’s reveal trailer. … Given one particular hybrid model’s prominence in the reveal trailer, it should be an easy enough one to guess… Studio is already available on iOS and Android devices..
What does keys to the map do in NFS heat?
Shift into high gear with the keys to the Need for Speed Heat Map. Every collectible, location, and activity in every district will be revealed instantly, so no need to slow down to explore. From safehouses to street art – find exactly what you want, faster!.
How do I connect Need for Speed Heat to EA? there hidden cars in Need For Speed Heat?
Container 1 was released alongside the companion app’s announcement on August 15, 2019, and has a secret car that can be unlocked by meeting its required activity monitor level.
What does the purple square mean in NFS heat?
· 1y. It means they basically have no visual customization except for rims and color. 6. Share..Sample Resume Objectives For Assistant Principals
Seeking to fill the housekeeper.A career summary, however, is more practical in that it tells a sample resume objectives for assistant principals hiring manager about your.Administrative Assistant with over 5 years of experience managing business office functions and providing executive level support to principals and clients.95% of all resume objectives are useless.In writing the Administrative Assistant’s resume, the very first section, which is the objective statement, must be very well prepared.This resume was written by a ResumeMyCareer professional resume writer, and demonstrates how a resume for a Assistant Principal Candidate should be properly created.Assistant sample resume objectives for assistant principals Principal Resume Objective.To make your resume objective stand out, incorporate specific details about your skills and experience to show administrators how their school will benefit from your expertise..Resume sample administrative assistant samples templates pdfdoc resumes bot.School Principals ensure an optimal education environment in the institutions they run.Where outstanding persuasion and prospecting skills and creative ability in converting prospects into customers and ensuring customers become fans of the brand will be utilized.When writing resume objectives for an assistant principal position, you want to consider the unique demands of the job.Summarise your career background, achievements, and key skills in accordance with the job description for the listed role, in 2 to 4 lines on top of your resume Career objective or resume objective acts as the pitch of your resume.I’m able to develop ideas into workable plans that improve effectiveness and efficiency of the work to better achieve the objectives of the organization.An individual can also see the Receptionist Resume Sample Templates image gallery that many of us get prepared to get the image you are interested in Objective: To obtain your Press Assistant position that will expand and acquire my skills.Writing objectives for resumes can be difficult.Synopsis of Skills: Remarkable experience in working to be a cooperative part of your crew Profound chance to work as a cooperative a part of a crew and be an enthusiastic novice Ability to study, write and understand written and mental instructions in.Seeking sample resume objectives for assistant principals a position at XYZ Company where I can maximize my 10+ years of management, quality assurance, program development, and training experience.Coming to engender a safe learning environment, provide excellent and supportive staff supervision, evaluate instruction and.The objective statement should not only state the job position being sought, it should go further to bringing out the valuable skills, knowledge and capability that you are bringing to your new employer School Principal Resume Examples.Professional Experience: Administrative Assistant School District of Lancaster – Coordinate schedules for the Principal and Assistant Principals.
Romeo and juliet essay topics, objectives principals assistant resume sample for
Based on your work history, professional experience and job skills, you may merge several resumes’ contents, which fit your profile, into one draft to work on Administrative Assistant Resume Objective.Show them it’s you with this A+ sample ESL teacher resume As a Branch Administrative Assistant, the person will play an important role in organizing and assisting in tasks relating to the branch’s administrative functions.56 This school administrator resume example communicates the job applicant's VALUE, VALUE, and VALUE!An assistant principal is usually a teacher who has considerable experience in the teaching field and who has the talent ans skills for managing the affairs of a school.That is, in 95% of cases an administrative assistant would be better off leaving off a resume objective altogether.Substitute Assistant Principal Resume.Because most of the time they are boring, generic, and aren't customized for each job application Executive Assistant Resume Objective—Example Good Example Driven executive assistant with proven skills in problem-solving and meeting prep.This sample elementary school principal resume was developed using a professional looking format, which showcases Judith's credentials and expertise as a school administrator in a straightforward manner.Seeking to apply my detail-oriented talents and.Meanwhile, you can add your administrative experiences at the time you work similarly as the assistant principal Browse Instruction Assistant Principal resume samples and read our guide on how to write a Instruction Assistant Principal resume.Are you an Administrative Assistant by profession and looking for an exciting career?Our Certified Professional Resume Writers can assist sample resume objectives for assistant principals you in creating a professional document for the job or industry of your.This individual outlines their past in the.This heading statement is like an elevator pitch Principal Resume Objective.It mentions the goal and objective of your career.It begins with the title of the position.Career objectives for freshers and experianced resume: However, your resume does need to start with possess excellent time management and efficient cleaning skills.When writing resume objectives for an assistant principal position, you want to consider the unique demands of the job.Assistant Principal/ Athletic Director - This position helps in the oversight of (7th and 8th) grade-level teachers and assists in the daily operation of junior high.Applicants can use our assistant principal resume example as inspiration for writing their own.Marjorie Jamesgate, the candidate in the assistant principal resume example provided below, has served as a teacher but has devoted most of her time to the pursuit of a master’s degree which will greatly aid her in this field.You don’t have to start writing from scratch.You can see from our sample resume objective for Principal that we made it as direct as possible This school administrator resume example communicates the job applicant's VALUE, VALUE, and VALUE!After all, principals are expected to be quick decision-makers and very straightforward in conduct and execution.Tips and examples of how to put skills and achievements on a resume for administrative assistant positions To make your resume objective stand out, incorporate specific details about your skills and experience to show administrators how their school will benefit from your expertise.Again, short, sweet and to the point.How to write an administrative assistant resume that will land you more interviews.The job description commonly includes – providing customer service, answering calls, performing clerical functions, preparing and ordering supplies, and performing clerical functions Executive assistant resume objective.As office admin at Locklin-Phair Inc.Historically, entry-level objectives explained to a hiring manager what your ultimate goal was in your job search.Show them it’s you with this A+ sample ESL teacher resume Resume objectives are no longer considered requirements for resumes—the career summary is far more common nowadays and is critical to include when you’re applying for entry-level jobs.With 4 years as an Elementary Principal and 8 years of classroom teaching experience.95% of all resume objectives are useless., prepared documents for executives with 20% less errors than usual To make your resume objective stand out, incorporate specific details about your skills and experience to show administrators how their school will benefit from your expertise.Include specific skills that would make you a good fit for the position..Because most of the time they are boring, generic, and aren't customized for each job application An administrative assistant resume sample better than 9 out of 10 other resumes.Vice Principal This assistant principal resume sample highlights the educational leadership skills that Rupert can bring to the school community.- 27 Feb, 2009 1 commit
99% of the epydoc return tags are "@return:", but each of the modified files had one "@returns:" line. We fix this for consistency. Reviewed-by: imsnah
- 24 Feb, 2009 1 commit
- 09 Feb, 2009 1 commit
For results which use the (status, payload) response type, it's easier to define a ‘payload’ field on the result holding the payload than to extract it using “data[1]” in the caller code. Reviewed-by: ultrotter
- 23 Jan, 2009 1 commit
When creating ‘fake’ results for offline nodes, we currently don't pass the call attribute. This complicates debugging, so even though this should not matter in practice, it's better to fix it. Reviewed-by: imsnah
- 21 Jan, 2009 2 commits
Currently the rpc module logs the error description and target node in rpc calls logging, as such: 2009-01-21 00:50:01,456: pid=1051/Thread-21 ERROR RPC error from node node1.example.com: Connection failed (111: Connection refused) but this doesn't help to understand which call caused this (here it's an offline node which should not be contacted at all). This patch adds the logging of the call too, so cases like the above can be debugged easier. Reviewed-by: imsnah,
- 13 Jan, 2009 1 commit
- 09 Jan, 2009 1 commit
The warning in node list is meant for nodes that return wrong information, but for offline nodes this case is normal. Reviewed-by: imsnah
- 08 Jan, 2009 2 commits
- 07 Jan, 2009 1 commit
- 18 Dec, 2008 1 commit
Reviewed-by: ultrotter
- 14 Dec, 2008 1 commit
In the iteration we don't care about the node names, so we change the for loop to be over the values (and not itervalues). Reviewed-by: amishchenko
- 11 Dec, 2008 1 commit
This patch should fix all outstanding epydoc parsing errors; as such, we switch epydoc into verbose mode so that any new errors will be visible. Reviewed-by: imsnah
- 09 Dec, 2008 1 commit
- 08 Dec, 2008 1 commit
- 05 Dec, 2008 1 commit
This patch adds a simple rpc which makes a backup of the config file and then removes it. This is done so that cluster verify doesn't complain immediately after demoting a node. Reviewed-by: imsnah
- 04 Dec, 2008 1 commit
Reviewed-by: amishchenko
- 02 Dec, 2008 1 commit
- 01 Dec, 2008 1 commit
Unfortunately, a rpc.Client object was passed as the first parameter, causing the function to always fail. Found during QA testing. Reviewed-by: ultrotter
- 26 Nov, 2008 1 commit
This patch removes the duplicate serialization and calls to utils.GetNodeDaemonPort in rpc.Client, and instead moves them to calling functions (the _*NodeCall ones recently introduced). Reviewed-by: ultrotter
- 25 Nov, 2008 1 commit
Instead of parsing the configuration on the node, we pass the ssconf values from the master. Reviewed-by: iustinp
- 24 Nov, 2008 1 commit
There's no need to read the SSL certificate and key for every node in a request. Also add a TODO for better error reporting. Reviewed-by: amishchenko
- 21 Nov, 2008 4 commits
This patch enables SSL between masterd and noded. Reviewed-by: iustinp
With the new SSL client certificate stuff it's no longer needed.
- 19 Nov, 2008 1 commit
Before we had lots, lots and lots of code duplication. This patch changes the code to use four central functions. Reviewed-by: iustinp
- 12 Nov, 2008 3 commits
Reviewed-by: iustinp
This is one of the last places where the simplejson module is used directly. Reviewed-by: iustinp
Currently, HttpClientManager is instantiated for every RPC call. This will be changed with another patch, as will the use of SSL. The “Run” method is no longer needed. Reviewed-by: iustinp
-
- - Pass arguments to the import script through the environment - Run one import os script for each disk image, passing an IMPORT_DEVICE Reviewed-by: iustinp
- 20 Oct, 2008 6
Reviewed-by: imsnah
- 17 Oct, 2008 1 commit
- remove now unused osdev and swapdev arguments from backend, noded, rpc, cmdlib - convert docstrings to epydoc Reviewed-by: iustinp years ago we received the Ten Commandments on Mount Sinai. No cell phone panoramic view, no Facebook to tag who was ‘there’, no online registration to track attendance…
Yet, you and I were there with every soul of the Jewish nation. Yup! Just imagine, the biggest most unbelievable selfie on earth! Only it was our souls that were capturing the moment, zooming in, focusing on our commitment to G-d.
How about re-living the moment, in the moment?
At Boulder Center for Judaism, we provide these meaningful experiences that nourish our body and soul.
And in case you are wondering how we do that?
Well, come join us and see.
Find out how in fact, every Jewish Holiday taps into the divine energy that occurred at the original moment in time.
And of course, who runs a marathon without a wholesome breakfastSearch launched to find best decorated Hallowe'en house in Runcorn and Widnes
Prizes are available for the best decorated home and the most successful fundraiser.
Two trophies and £20 vouchers are up for grabs. (Halton Haven)
Halton Haven is on the lookout for the borough's best decorated house for Hallowe'en.
The hospice, based on Barnfield Avenue in Runcorn, Cheshire, said the competition is the chance to be named Halton Haven Halloween Champs 2021 while raising funds for its vital services.
All residents have to do is visit the contest page at justgiving.com and make a donation then email their details and a picture of their decorated house to fundraising@haltonhaven.co.uk.
Halton Haven will post all of the photos on its social media pages and the the entry with the most likes will be declared the winner.
Tina Gill, Halton Haven community fundraiser, said: "I love this time of year and what a great way to support your local hospice while also having some Hallowe'en fun.
"It’s easy to enter and we can’t wait to see your spooktastic creations.
"Of course we are raising funds for the hospice so please do encourage donations for your ghoulish creations.
"We can provide you with a collection bucket or tub to collect funds in but please feel free to also set up your own Just Giving page and share it.
"You can put your donations once all collected in directly on to the hospice Halloween Just Giving page.
"The supporter with the most funds raised for their Halloween decorations will also be a winner."
Both the Halloween Decoration Champ and the Halloween Fundraiser Champ will win a Halloween 2021 trophy and a £20 voucher to enjoy at Esposito’s café Runcorn or Widnes.
Competition Rules:
- Entry must be Halloween themed.
- May not contain gore or adult themes.
- No costumes – must be decoration.Description
This hamper contains everything that a coffee aficionado would need for their coffee collection – our full collection of whole-bean coffees, coffee tin, reusable coffee cup, & sustainable tote bag. Enjoy your brew with Lismore Food Company Shortbread & Lemon Polenta biscuits, whilst elevating your cup with Monin Mini Syrups, & the latest in brewing innovation; an Aeropress Coffee Maker.Meatballs with Rice, Vegetables Mazzola Sale! from 925 /per Format Individuel Familial Option Riz et légumes Patates pilées et légumes Qty. Add to Cart This item is currently on backorder but you can still purchase it now and we'll ship as soon as more become available. Meatballs with rice and vegetables. A best seller without a doubt. As much in adults as in children! The meatballs are generous and very tasty in a delicious gravy with vegetables. Ingredients : beef, spices, rice and vegetables. Allergens : gluten. TweetIslamic State jihadists raped ladies as younger as 9 and compelled them into sexual slavery, based on a brand new UN-backed report into Syria’s civil warfare.
Investigators say the report is the primary of its variety to focus solely on the plight of youngsters entangled within the bloody battle.
The Fee of Inquiry for Syria compiled greater than 5,000 interviews over eight years with Syrian children who had been robbed of their childhood, in addition to with witnesses, survivors, family, medical professionals, defectors and fighters.
One six-year-old boy imitated the hanging of a toddler after watching a public execution, whereas a ten-year-old woman instructed her mom she would die of starvation.
The report detailed how younger youngsters had been focused by sniper hearth and used as bargaining chips to extract ransoms, how Islamic State jihadists had raped ladies as younger as 9 and compelled them into sexual slavery, and the way al-Qaida-linked fighters had tortured boys, compelled them into army coaching and ordered them to hold out public killings.
“After eight years of battle, youngsters in Syria have skilled unabated violations of their rights: they proceed to be killed, maimed, injured and orphaned, bearing the brunt of violence perpetrated by fighters,” the report stated.
It described the bombing of hospitals and colleges, leaving 2.1 million youngsters unable to often attend class.
It additionally coated the intense and long-term bodily and psychological impression of girls and boys.
The report didn’t embody baby casualties, citing problem in checking details in a rustic the place the investigators are barred from visiting.
Nonetheless, it did say that 5 million youngsters had been “robbed of their childhood” by being forcibly displaced in and out of doors of Syria by all sides of the battle.
It famous pro-government fighters as “often concentrating on youngsters utilizing sniper hearth” and deploying cluster munitions, thermobaric bombs and chemical weapons “usually towards civilian objects comparable to colleges and hospitals.”
Fee of Inquiry chair Paulo Pinheiro stated he was appalled on the “flagrant disregard” for human rights legal guidelines by “all events concerned within the battle”.
He was significantly involved that Syrian President Bashar Assad’s authorities continued to disregard its duty underneath worldwide legislation to respect human rights on its territory.
“Whereas the federal government of the Syrian Arab Republic has the first duty for the safety of girls and boys within the nation, all the actors on this battle should do extra to guard youngsters and protect the nation’s future era,” he stated.
The inquiry listed suggestions for the warring sides, Syria’s authorities and the worldwide group.
But it surely suspected a lot of its calls would go unanswered.Marijuana is a mix of the dry leaves, stems, and other parts of the cannabis plant. Not to be confused with hemp, a crop commonly gained from impotent cannabis plants (i.e. cannabis with imperceivably or acceptably-low THC content), cannabis grown specifically for the psychoactive plant chemicals called cannabinoids is known as marijuana. Marijuana is most often smoked, but the oils gained from cannabis plants can also be mixed into sweets and baked goods or taken orally to achieve the same effect.
What Does Marijuana Abuse Look Like?
- Cannabis use has been on a steady incline in the past few years, owing due to its growing popularity as well as its somewhat legal status in most parts of the country. While medical marijuana is generally legally-permissible (as are medical opioids, stimulants, and sedatives), recreational marijuana is only legal in very few parts of the US (including California).
- The way marijuana works is that the active ingredient, THC, targets receptors in the brain that are usually associated with pleasure, memory, coordinated movement, and development. Different forms of cannabis have different effects, but generally cause temporary cognitive impairment.
- Some studies show that long-term cannabis use can lead to a general decline in cognition and intellect, and that there is a risk of an emotional dependency on cannabis – meaning, teens may rely on cannabis as a way to deal with stress and anxiety, causing them to rely on the drug to get through the day. This is different from physical addiction but is just as dangerous.
What Causes Marijuana Abuse?
Marijuana has been used in the US for centuries but has grown significantly in usage since becoming legal in several states. However, marijuana dependency is a real issue for many teens. Some rely on the drug as a way to calm down or relax, not due to pre-existing issues, but because they become agitated and anxious without weed.
Availability – marijuana is a widely-available drug in most of the US and is even legally available for recreational use in several states. This makes it one of the most commonly-abused drugs in the country.
Lack of information – many proponents of marijuana use argue that there are no negative side-effects to the drug, and that most people only stand to benefit from using marijuana in their lives. On the other hand, there is conflicting evidence on the effectiveness of marijuana in helping people who are not ill, and there is little evidence to suggest that marijuana doesn’t have the potential to be habit-forming. Anecdotally, people have claimed that marijuana has made them emotionally-dependent on the drug, causing anxiety as part of a series of withdrawal symptoms.
Depression and anxiety – some turn towards marijuana as a way to deal with the symptoms of pre-existing problems, like depression and anxiety. While the drug can relieve these symptoms for a while, it is not an effective solution, and may delay a teen from getting the help they need to address their mental health problems properly. Some teens may benefit from using marijuana regularly alongside a professional treatment for their condition, but it’s important to seek help and a valid medical opinion, rather than using marijuana as a way to self-medicate.
How Can I Help a Teen with Marijuana Abuse?
Monitor their usage – marijuana use can lead to abuse, but most teens who use the drug tend to grow out of it and stop using relatively early on in their lives. Out of other narcotic substances, marijuana is among the least likely to lead to dependence issues. But it is still a cause for concern. If your teen is exhibiting disconcerting behavior – from missing school to losing interest in old hobbies and not forming new interests, to avoiding social contact or getting into trouble – see if their behavior is correlated to their drug use. They may be struggling emotionally with other, deeper issues, using weed as a way to cope, or turning towards destructive behavior as a way to act out because they’re unable to communicate their troubles.
Talk to them about getting help – if you suspect that your teen is struggling with marijuana dependency, then you need to approach them about getting help. Marijuana isn’t the kind of drug that causes an overdose, but it can lead to long-term loss of cognitive abilities. Some teens may be defensive about their habit because of what they’ve read or heard, but if their drug use is clearly affecting them and others, pointing it out may help you get through to them and convince them to take a break, and see if things get better over time.
Seek out recovery options together – marijuana abuse can only be tackled through a comprehensive, holistic treatment process that looks at why a teen starts using to begin with and goes from there. Residential teen marijuana abuse treatment is a good place to start, by putting a teen in an environment where they can’t seek out marijuana, and then giving them access to professional services to help cope with whatever they may be going through.Video Player
What Types of Teen Marijuana Abuse Treatment Are Available?
Treating a teen with a marijuana use disorder (or marijuana dependency) requires a biopsychosocial approach. Professionals are taught to identify how different factors in a teen’s life affect their current dependency to marijuana, and how changing these factors can help a teen stop using drugs as a way to cope with their problems. The primary tool for helping someone with marijuana use disorder is talk therapy.
Therapy – Talk therapy is important in helping teens realize why they began using drugs in the first place, and at what point their drug use stepped over into drug abuse. Marijuana can be a dangerous drug, and its effects aren’t as harmless as often portrayed. Medical marijuana is one thing – THC oil has certain benefits, especially in preventing nausea during chemotherapy, and CBD, which is not mind-altering, has been shown to help kids and teens with seizures – but smoking marijuana doesn’t have any real positive benefits, and is more likely to result in substance dependence, memory problems, and lung damage. Helping a teen understand why they continue to smoke despite negative consequences is a crucial part of overcoming marijuana abuse.
Group Therapy – Certain forms of group therapy, especially family therapy, can be incredibly effective for teens struggling with marijuana abuse. Family therapy can help a therapist further address and understand what role the home environment plays in a teen’s condition, while giving tips to family members on how to help a teen continue to stay on the right path towards recovery long after their initial program is over. On that topic, residential treatment helps many teens get that initial leg up on their addiction that they may need to ultimately conquer it.
Residential Treatment – Sometimes, the best treatment for dependence is time. Marijuana dependency is not as strong as many other more addictive drugs, but a series of complicated factors can influence a teen to seek out weed as a solution to their problems, instead of getting the right help that they need to sort themselves out. Taking a time out at a professional rehab facility can help give a teen the time to address their mental health and formulate a healthier way to cope with life.
Teen Marijuana Abuse Treatment at Paradigm Treatment
For teenagers who are abusing marijuana, teen marijuana abuse treatment should address the underlying motivating factors or needs that lead a person to smoke it in the first place. At Paradigm Treatment, taking a holistic approach isn’t just recommended, we consider it necessary.
Drug Treatment at Paradigm Treatment – Withdrawal from regular marijuana use can often be uncomfortable and difficult but is not as extreme as some other substances. Paradigm Treatment helps teens through these symptoms, and then works with them to address the effects that marijuana have had on their life. From there, we help each teen develop new strategies and habits toward addressing their stressors or conflicts in life, without turning back to the drug.
Getting Back into It – Life after addiction isn’t that much different for most teens, but the lack of a major coping mechanism can make it very difficult to deal with a growing number of emotional challenges as a teen makes the transition into adulthood. Because some of marijuana’s most prominent effects can be related to life responsibilities, Paradigm Treatment can help a teen get back on track. This can be especially helpful for a teenager who might perceive these challenges as too overwhelming to face.
My son went to this program. It was INCREDIBLE!!! We were able to get him on track with communicating better and teaching him that drugs are not part of his future. He feels more and more empowered each time he says NO! His communication skills with our family has improved greatly. We appreciate knowing we can always go to Paradigm for help if needed! Their family support is top notch. Working the program with your child is the best way to heal the pain and miscommunication. I personally feel they deserve higher than 5 stars!
– Wendy M.
Frequently Asked Questions About Marijuana Abuse
What if I just smoke for fun?
Teen marijuana abuse is so common that it can be easy to overlook the possible negative effects and consequences of using. But the facts are simple. Marijuana use at an early age often correlates with serious mental illnesses and other neurological consequences, and there are several studies showing that marijuana use affects and even damages the brain in some cases. Furthermore, minors aren’t allowed to handle or smoke marijuana. The legal consequences alone should be off-putting, even if you’re just smoking for fun. Lastly, you may not be aware of how your use has affected other parts of your life, even if originally, your intentions seemed harmless. It’s often only after the fact that we realize how our actions have affected others, especially if the consequences are long in the making.
If it’s so bad, why is it legal now in some places?
Marijuana has been legal in most of the country for medical use, with some heavy strings attached. Meanwhile, only a few states have legalized recreational use. Partially, this is due to the fact that despite the risk, marijuana is a massively popular drug with no risk of overdose. It causes less death and has a lower negative impact on the economy than currently legal drugs such as nicotine and alcohol, and thus, the criminalization of marijuana puts an unnecessary amount of pressure on many people who are arguably doing less damage to society than if they were drinking or smoking a cigarette. Many have advocated for the decriminalization of marijuana simply as a way to stop the unnecessary jailing and unjust treatment of people, outside of their marijuana use, are no threat to society.
That does not make it healthy, or smart. It’s true that the substance has been reported to have positive medicinal effects for people with certain ailments, but smoking marijuana is never a viable way to achieve these positive effects. Furthermore, THC is still a psychoactive chemical even when consumed as an oil and needs to be treated with caution, even if administered for medicinal reasons.
Other Youth Mental Health Topics You May Find Helpful…
5 Types of Behavioral Addictions Common Among Teens
Most people think of drugs and alcohol when they think of teen addiction. However, the illness of addiction can develop with certain rewarding behaviors as well. For instance, it’s possible for a teen to become addicted to the following five types of behaviors: Internet: Research indicates that 1.4% to 17.9% of adolescents around the world…
Continue Reading 5 Types of Behavioral Addictions Common Among Teens
Teens: Let’s Talk About Masturbation & Sex Addiction
Although it’s embarrassing to talk about, discussing a topic can be the venue for learning more about it. Besides, masturbation is a normal part of sexuality. Because it carries a strong stigma in society talking about it with friends or family rarely happens. Society delivers many messages that say masturbation is bad for you, that…
Continue Reading Teens: Let’s Talk About Masturbation & Sex Addiction
Computer Addiction: Signs, Effects, Treatments
It’s 2018 and approximately 87 percent of Americans have a computer in their home. Computers have a wide variety of uses; people use them to work, to play games, to access the Internet, to send emails, and to post on social media. There’s no doubt about it: a computer (or a similar device such as a tablet…
Continue Reading Computer Addiction: Signs, Effects, TreatmentsSimilar Items
- Zu den Aśoka-inschriften
by: Janert, Klaus Ludwig 1922-1994
Published: (1964)
- Aśoka: Kaiser und Missionar
by: Kern, Fritz
Published: (1956)
- Asoka
by: Mookerji, Radha Kumud 1884-1964
Published: (1962)
- Asoka: the Buddhist emperor of India
by: Smith, Vincent A. 1848-1920
Published: (1964)
- Asoka: the Buddhist emperor of India
by: Smith, Vincent A. 1848-1920
Published: (1988)
- Studies in Aramaic edicts of Aśoka
by: Mukherjee, Bratindra Nath 1932-2013
Published: (1984)
- Studies in Aramaic edicts of Aśoka
by: Mukherjee, Bratindra Nath 1932-2013, et al.
Published: (1984)
- Zu pratikāpita- in einer Mathurā-Inschrift
by: Janert, Klaus L.
Published: (1962)
- Aśoka and Khotan
by: Lokesh Chandra 1927-
Published: (2019)
- Asoka's edicts
by: Sen, Amulyachandra 1899-
Published: (1956)
- The edicts of Asoka
by: Aśoka, Indien, König
Published: (1959)
- Aśoka and peace
by: Wayman, Alex 1921-2004
Published: (1989)
- The making of As̄oka
Published: (2001)
- Aśoka and Yudhiṣṭhira: a historical setting for the ideological tensions of the Mahābhārata?
by: Sutton, Nicholas 1954-
Published: (1997)
- Buddhism and Asoka
by: Gokhale, Balkrishna Govind 1919-2005
Published: (1948)
- Asoka and Buddhism: a reexamination
by: Basham, Arthur L. 1914-1986
Published: (1982)
- Hardy, Edmund, König Asoka: [Rezension]
by: Funk, Franz Xaver von 1840-1907
Published: (1903)
- Asoka klassieke tekstbibliotheek
Published: (1998)
- Les inscriptions d'Asoka
Published: (1950)
- Heracles-Dorsanes and Priyadarśin-Aśoka
by: Eggermont, Pierre Herman Leonard 1914-1995
Published: (1986)Sony Xperia L1 Dual LTE G3312 Compatibility on Econet (Burundi) Mobile Network
Search Criteria
Device ModelSony Xperia L1 Dual LTE G3312 View full device details
CarrierEconet View carrier details
CountryBurundi
Sony Xperia L1 Dual LTE G3312 is compatible with 3 out of 3 bands on Econet (Burundi). See the tables below for details.
Frequency Bands Used by Econet (Burund.It was stupid hot… And it was pretty warm at Jerez, too.
SBK (Race One):
Due to yesterday’s mayhem, the Superpole Race made way for Race One of the SBK class.
It was Rea versus Toprak from lift-off. And for a while it looked as though Rea was holding the winning hand.
Rinaldi’s Ducati had some kind of seizure through Turn Three. It violently slammed down on its side before rolling over in the dirt… and playing dead.
A lap later, a sad Cavalieri walked away from a crash, too.
I was musing over what’d happen if the two front-runners crashed out, and then it nearly happened. Toprak launched a very enthusiastic attack on Rea, front wheel measured itself against back wheel, and somehow neither of them ate pebbles.
This did, however, momentarily turn their couple-fight into a foursome.
Eight laps from the finish, Mercado’s bike went on strike. It must be a member of our local refuse removal lot, who’d been on surprise strike all week.
With seven laps to go, Toprak pounced. This time they didn’t almost-crash, and he got past Rea. For good.
Baz executed a beautiful pass on Van der Mark, but did you see the size of Van der Mark’s flame? His BMW turned full flamethrower in disdain for the overtaking rider; a performance worth nine out of ten.
Razgotabeatu claimed his first race victory on this circuit, Rea had to be happy with second, and Redding executed a last-lap sting to claim third place.
SSP300 (Race Two):
The junior class were the last to go on track. By that time sh*t was melting in the heat…
Romero got sent to pit-corner for removing his restrictor. He was joined by Steeman who had exceeded his engine allocation.
Alvaro Díaz got a Long Lap Penalty for riding like a moron under the red flag yesterday.
As I’d expected, a few riders elected not to race today. Márquez, Frappola, Gonzalez and Palazzi were missing from the starting grid.
So. Will Huertas take the Championship? Take Two.
The race had hardly gained momentum, when Coppola stopped to shout at the gravel angrily.
On the second lap Huertas made a detour through Turn Six… And did it again on Lap Four. By then he’d dropped back into the shadows of the racing pack.
Did I not mention Turn Six about a million times already? Regardless, through Turn Six Díaz apparently assisted Huertas in his flying-aspirations. He went vertical so high, he almost hit the news ‘copter before sprawling onto the gravel. There, a Very Much Upset Di Sora (who was in front of the championship-aspirant) stormed towards him, hurtling what I could only imagine were very spicy French insults.
To be fair, it wasn’t Huertas’ fault – and post-race that was confirmed when Race Direction fully disqualified Díaz. Ride like a nonce, get penalised like a boss.
One could imagine Di Sora watching the replays, going to Huertas to apologise for the onslaught, taking his insults back and proceeding to hand them over to Díaz.
Around Turn Thirteen Buis felt like giving himself a Long Lap Penalty.
By this time, Sofuoğlu was so far ahead, you’d have been excused if you forgot he was even there.
Behind him, however, second place had turned into a twenty-bike gangbang. It was insane, yet brilliant racing. All the way to the finish line.
Except for Ton Kawakami, that is, who went to pebble beach through the final corner.
Sofuoğlu cruised past the checkered flag, taking the win. There happened a photo-finish behind the Turk; initially it was Okaya who managed to pip second from Buis, who was then placed third.
But wait! There’s more! The penalties came flying in – Okaya, Buis and Gennai were all penalised one position for touching the Forbidden Green Paint on the final lap.
What did that mean? It meant Iglesias was promoted to second, Okaya was now third and Buis was no longer on the podium.
They brought out the Dean-tributes as soon as the race was concluded. Bugger off! I was not crying!
You leave a big void in the 300 paddock, little Viñales. Have fun up on that racetrack in the sky.
SSP (Race):
After returning to the WSBK arena this year, Michel Fabrizio has announced that he will not be racing this Sunday, in a show of respect to the passing of Dean Viñales. He has also stated that he will be retiring (for good, this time). He had some strong views on the Junior classes, but we shan’t get into them here.
There was only one SSP race this weekend.
Lots of fall-and-rejoiners. Vugrinec did it first; Montella and Hendra Pratama followed suit.
Orradre went gravel-digging in Lap Two.
On Lap Five Takala’s bike turned stripper through Turn Eleven.
Aegerter had managed to pull out a gap of over six seconds by Lap Eleven. By the pre-ultimate lap he was ten years ahead.
With four laps to go Montella crashed. Again.
A hot battle between Manzi and Krummenacher ended when Krummenacher ran out of fight and headed for the kitty litter – at speed. Dusty Award goes to you.
Aegerter crossed the line eons ahead of Oettl, taking his tenth SSP victory.
E
V
E
N
T
U
A
L
L
Y
…
Oettl came past as well, claiming second (and not sounding as happy as he should be with it). Tuuli stomped through the field to take third.
After a promising start, Odendaal had a bit of a struggle, finally taking eighth.
SBK (Race Two):
Lowes said: “Right, I have proven I’m a Hard Bastard; I’ll sit this one out.”
A very dainty slide executed by Mercado out of Turn Six. (The hell is up with Turn Six?)
On Lap Four Nozane did the awkward dinosaur jog through the gravel to rejoin his fallen ride.
Turn One claimed Cresson on the next go-around.
Fritz crashed on Turn Two a little later.
On Lap Seven Bassani knocked on Rea’s back(door), and got a dirty glance.
Epis pit-retired on Lap Eleven.
With five laps left, Redding caught up with Toprak; one lap later, he booted his way through to lead. But the Raz wasn’t having it. By the next lap, he managed to return the favour to Redding. It was an epic scrap.
Post-scrap, Toprak took his second win for the weekend, his tenth win so far.
Redding happily took his second, and Bautista was as happy with another podium spot in third.
Next weekend’s going to be another doozy – don’t forget to send the snacks this time.Find your railway ticket for direction
Bohacheve – Im.t.shevchenka
New Year's ticket sales started
If you need to buy railway ticket Bohacheve Im.t.shevchenka online on the website proizd.ua you have to specify departure date. When you visit our website in order to see train schedule between Bohacheve and Im.t.shevchenka Bohacheve and Im.t.shevchenka. So far the most earliest train is №096Л and it departures at 14:54:00. And the latest one is №096Л, it departures at 14:54:00.
Railway tickets sales for trains between Bohacheve and Im.t.shevchenka starts 45 days in advance. If you buy them earlier then you have more chances to choose better seats. The less days you have before departure the less seats are available.By Souls of Silver
You might be identified with a Leo-Virgo cusp sign, if you were born between August 22 or 23. The sun moves out of Leo and transitions into Virgo, in this time frame.
The idea that people who were born on the extremities of a sign’s season are cusp babies, is a myth. There are no astrological debates about it. This is stated because the planets are in one zodiac sign at a time.
You might be born at the last minute in Leo season, but you will still be a true Leo and not a Leo-Virgo cusp. You might feel disappointed to hear this, but this is the truth.
Cusp signs might not be real, but you can bear some traits that are borne by either zodiac signs or a combination of them both. You might be born on the Leo-Virgo cusp and feel both the signs coursing through you. Several reasons will show you why it is true. You can read your birth chart to know more about it.
Mercury and Venus travel in proximity to the Sun. If you are a born Leo, you can have some of your personal planets in Virgo or vice versa. This will give you a mixture of both the signs and you will receive a combination of qualities. The Leo-Virgo cusp traits will hold then but not because of your birthday.
The Sun moves from Leo to Virgo at the end of August and enters into autumn. Leo is seen during the summers and it maximizes our passions. Virgo helps us clean up our acts and get us organized. The zodiac signs tell a story that builds upon its previous one. When the sun moves into the Leo-Virgo cusp, it helps everyone out.
Also read: Vega Starseed: Major Traits Of The Brightest Star In Lyra
Traits Of A Leo-Virgo Cusp
You can spot a lot of such combinations in your chart and relate to them. These are some of the traits that a Leo-Virgo cusp can produce.
1: Sky-High Standards
The passionate Leo with high self-confidence and a picky Virgo combines to form sky-high standards. Leo knows that it deserves the best and the Virgo gives very selective vibes with a hint of perfectionism.
2: Super Helper As Leo-Virgo Cusp
The sign Leo is warm and gives life to energies. The Virgo sign is not as proud but is massively altruistic and looks for ways to improve the environment. The combination of these energies makes them a super helper.
3: Accomplishment
Leos are hard-working and focused in whatever they are doing, while the Virgos are efficient and effective. When we combine these two, we can receive someone with unparalleled energy. The Leo-Virgo cusp makes that person analytical and courageous.
4: Strong Speaker
Leos tend to be the center of attraction while the Virgos are good with their words. Leo’s star power and Virgo’s thought communication make the person effective in their speeches and they can express themselves easily in front of a crowd.
5: Combining Work And Pleasure
Virgos are busy with their routines and wellness, while Leos are filled with romance and passion. This fusion creates a Leo-Virgo cusp that can work hard and play hard, at the same time. The people can balance their work and leisure perfectly and use it to their advantage.AUSTIN, Texas — Popular podcaster and Central Texas resident Joe Rogan is sparking controversy online for what he said about recommending COVID-19 vaccines to certain people.
On his podcast, "The Joe Rogan Experience," he advocated against healthy young adults receiving a COVID-19 vaccine.
"And people say, 'Do you think it's safe to get vaccinated?' I've said, 'Yeah, I think for the most part it's safe to get vaccinated, I do, I do,'" he said. "But if you're like 21 years old, you say to me, 'Should I get vaccinated?' I go, 'No.' Are you healthy? Are you a healthy person? Don't do anything stupid but you should take care of yourself."
Rogan's no doctor, but his audience is large. His podcast was reportedly the most popular one on Spotify last year.
Doctors and government leaders from both sides of the aisle have encouraged young people to get vaccinated because while they may not get the most severe symptoms from COVID-19, they may be more likely to gather in social settings where the virus can spread.
In fact, a CDC report from June to August 2020 found that COVID-19 incidence was the highest in people ages 20 to 29, who accounted for more than 20% of all confirmed cases.
"Strict adherence to community mitigation strategies and personal preventive behaviors by younger adults is needed to help reduce infection and subsequent transmission to persons at higher risk for severe illness," the report said.
Other health experts – including Dr. Mark Escott, Austin Public Health's Interim Health Authority – have said that while the likelihood of dying from COVID-19 is lower for young adults, it is possible.
"Younger people are less likely to have severe disease. They're a lot less likely to die. But those chances are larger than zero," Dr. Escott said during an Austin City Council joint meeting with the Travis County Commissioners Court on April 13.
In Travis County, as of April 24, six people 20 to 29 years old have died from COVID-19.
As of April 23, the latest data on the Texas Department of State Health Services COVID-19 dashboard shows 48,897 people have died in Texas because of COVID-19. People 20 to 29 years old accounted for 238 of the reported deaths.
During a CDC Partner Call in October, Dr. Greta Massetti said it is important for young adults to try to stop the spread of COVID-19.
"Although young adults are reported to experience lower risks for severe disease and death from infection with SARS-CoV-2, they can experience severe disease themselves and can transmit an infection to others at higher risk for severe illness," Dr. Massetti said. "There is an urgent need to reduce the spread of COVID-19 among young adults."
According to the CDC, COVID-19 vaccinations are key to not just preventing illness in individuals, but stopping the pandemic overall.
Currently in Texas, anyone over the age of 16 is eligible for the Pfizer vaccine, while those 18 years or older are permitted to receive the Moderna or Johnson & Johnson. The CDC recommends people get vaccinated "as soon as you are eligible."
PEOPLE ARE ALSO READING:Plantains are a crop belonging to the banana family. Plantains are grown in well-drained soil that has a pH between 6.0 and 7.5, and in temperatures between 18 and 32 degrees Celsius. Plantains begin to mature 18 months after planting and when properly taken care of the plant can produce for as long as six to twenty years. In some other countries like Colombia, it is usually planted alongside with other crops like the cassava, coffee, and fruits because it usually provides shade to these crops. Plantains are usually cooked, roasted, boiled, and steamed either when green or very ripe. They are also processed into flour, snacks, animal feed, and added into other food products that are already processed. It is usually exported by sea when they are still green in containers with appropriate temperatures ranging between 7.8–8.3°C and appropriately packed in boxes covered well that allow proper aeration.
Leading Producers of Plantain
Cameroon
Cameroon is the world's largest producer of plantains. The country exports approximately 4.31 million tons of plantains yearly. They are largely produced in the southern and western part of Cameroon. The fertile soils allow the plantains to grow well. The National Government of Cameroon provides readily available materials and tools needed in the planting of plantains to motivate farmers.
Ghana
Ghana is the world's second largest plantain producer. Plantains are a staple food in Ghana but are also majorly exported. This acts as a source of income for the country. Ghana exports approximately 3.95 million tons of plantains which are sold either locally, regionally, or at urban markets. Plantains are planted by both small-scale farmers and large-scale farmers.
Uganda
The third leading country in plantain production is Uganda which produces 3.71 million tons which are locally used and also exported to other countries. In Uganda, plantains are always planted in large-scale farms and usually planted by both small and large-scale farmers. There is a wide market and plantains are also a staple food in the country.
Other Countries That Produce Plantains
Other leading countries in the production of plantains are Colombia which produces 3.54 million tons of plantains yearly which is largely consumed locally and exported to other countries. Nigeria produces 3.09 million tones of plantains by both small-scale farmers and large-scale farmers. There are also other countries like Myanmar and the Democratic Republic of Congo which produce plantains.The real wedding we're sharing today is right up my street - it's intimate, minimalist, and impossibly gorgeous! All Canadian couple Candace and Ryan needed for their chic, rustic celebration was the presence of their closest friends and family members, a stunning, rural backdrop in the form of Ballilogue in Co. Kilkenny, a celebrant, a photographer, a delicious meal, some killer outfits and some well-chosen florals. The brilliant Livia Figueiredo captured the day in lots of lovely, informal photographs, which will surely make you fall in love with this wedding as quickly as I have!
Candace tells us that she first met Ryan at a New Year’s Eve party. "I had just moved to a new city and didn’t know very many people. A co-worker invited me to a party, and I said no. At the last minute, I changed my mind, and I am so happy that I did!"
The raised-glass conservatory in the farmhouse at Ballilogue is perfect for a small ceremony, particularly when graced with a backdrop as beautiful as this floral ceremony arch, which appears to be inspired by the floral moon gate trend!
The couple started their day with a first look in Mrs. Meaney's Cottage, a country home dating from the 1700s.
Candace's bridal look was all about effortless simplicity! She chose a lace BHLDN gown with a classic silhouette, a relaxed hairstyle with some pretty floral accents, and a contemporary chain necklace by Jenny Bird.
Ryan chose the most romantic spot for his proposal, a hike to the base of a waterfall in Iceland. "I was ahead of him, as per usual," Candace says. "When I got to the top, I turned around to tell him how beautiful the view was, and I was shocked when I saw that he was down on one knee holding a little black box."
When it came time to plan the wedding, Candace and Ryan soon developed a clear picture of their dream day. "We wanted a wedding that was simple, romantic, and stylish without trying too hard," Candace says. "Having our wedding set in the heart of rural Ireland, where the natural beauty speaks for itself, fulfilled our dreams and far more."
Candace says that the couple did lots of online research on Ballilogue when they first started looking at venues. "The reviews and pictures told a story of a place that would provide us with everything that we wanted, and had a modern yet rustic aesthetic. When we got in touch with Mark from the venue, he was so knowledgeable and had an innate ability to know exactly what we wanted."
We're huge fans of Livia Figueiredo's relaxed, airy photographic style, which always makes for stunning wedding portraits.
For this couple, keeping the guest list small was key to the success of the day. "Having a very intimate wedding made the day very special," Candace says. "We were able to spend time with each of our 23 guests and all of us truly appreciated having the time to celebrate the day together."
Candace's advice for engaged couples is short and sweet. "Take the time to kiss and hug the ones you love," she says, and we have to agree that this is a must on the big day!
The wonderful team from Honeydew Events created this mouth-watering rustic wedding cake for the couple and their guests. It's a classic Victoria sponge with cream and jam, which is always a great choice in summer!
Didn't I tell you that this wedding was pretty special!? There are lots more photographs in the gallery below, so be sure to click through for more gorgeousness. Before we go, we've got to say a huge thank you to Candace and Ryan for sharing their day with us, and to Livia Figueiredo for providing the beautiful imagery!Elevation
9,045 ft / 2,757 m
#8,594 in United States
Prominence
145 ft / 44 m
#11,309 in United States
Region
Summits
#6,190 in United States
Last summit
Most climbed route
Highlights
Highlights
Latest summits
. " — CacheMACS • Oct 7, 2018Legislature Significantly Amends the West Virginia Medical Cannabis Act
Contributors
On the first day of West Virginia’s legislative special session, the West Virginia Legislature enacted Senate Bill 1037, which made significant amendments to the West Virginia Medical Cannabis Act (the “Act”). The legislature removed various impediments to growing, processing, and dispensing medical cannabis throughout the State. Notable changes under Senate Bill 1037 include:
- Increasing the number of available dispensary permits
- The Act will now provide up to 100 dispensaries throughout the State (instead of 30).
- An applicant can now have a permit for up to 10 dispensaries.
- Authorizing vertical integration of medical cannabis organizations
- An applicant can be a grower, processor, and a dispensary.
- Taxing medical cannabis
- Growers/processors are no longer paying state taxes on the sale of medical cannabis to dispensaries; the tax burden is shifted to dispensaries. Dispensaries are subject to a privilege tax of 10% on gross receipts from the sale of medical cannabis to a patient or caregiver.
- Dispensaries are explicitly exempt from any kind of sales or use tax, including any kind of special district excise tax, or any county or municipal sales tax.
- Providing physicians with greater discretion when issuing a certification for medical cannabis to a patient
- Physicians no longer have to care for a patient for at least 6 months or otherwise determine that opiate therapy for the patient would be ineffective prior to issuing a certification for medical cannabis.
- Removing the requirement that a pharmacist/physician be present at dispensaries when dispensing medical cannabis
- The presence of a pharmacist/physician at dispensaries would greatly increase the dispensary’s operating costs under the Act.
- Disbanding medical cannabis “regions” throughout the state
- In place of defined regions, permits will be awarded to medical cannabis organizations based on a scoring rubric as outlined in the Act and crafted by the Office of Medical Cannabis.
- Imposing in-state residency requirements for permit holders
- An applicant for a grower, processor, or dispensary permit must be a West Virginia resident. If the applicant is a business, it must be majority-owned by a West Virginia resident.
- Creating a pre-registration process for patients
- Eligible patients will have the ability to pre-register for medical cannabis. Since the state cannot accept application fees yet, this has no practical impact at this time.
In sum, Senate Bill 1037 provides needed clarity to patients, investors, businesses and local communities..Does the name "Golden State Killer" ring any bells? The uncaught criminal first made headlines over 40 years ago, committing 51 attacks and 12 murders in California. In 2016, after decades of inactivity, the FBI reignited the cold case by launching a national campaign and a $50,000 reward for new information.
Enter Unmasking a Killer, HLN's five-part documentary series that examines the longtime investigation under a magnifying glass by examining the murderer's terrifying crime patterns and mind games in hopes of helping lead to his arrest all these years later.
Fusing the timeline-driven aspect of the true crime show with the craft of design, The Mill's Los Angeles team joined forces with Joke Productions to set the tone with the opening title sequence and a graphics package.
We sat down with Hyejung Bae, Art Director at The Mill, to learn about the inspiration behind the design and animation within the titles.
There are multiple visual elements in the title sequence. Can you tell us about them?
We initially pitched a few different directions, and ultimately combined two of them to create the final product. The first direction used broken glass to depict the journey of the killer's crime in an abstract manner; the second one incorporated images of evidence and documentation provided to us. Merging those elements tied the story together in a graphical way, all while accurately depicting the events through the maps and timeline we designed.
Direction 1
Direction 2
Final Direction
Ultimately, what sort of feeling were you trying to emulate through the title sequence?
It's not aesthetically pretty. I wanted the titles to emulate the seriousness and darkness of the show without making it overly scary. The bulk of the killer's crimes took place back in the '70s, so we went for an overall vintage feeling as well.
Everything we executed was based on research - it was really important to study up. For example, the Golden State Killer had a pattern of using shoe laces, so we had to educate ourselves on those details and integrate them into the design. He also left behind a series of scribbles, revealing psychological patterns and issues, so we wanted to digest those details as well.
Final Title Sequence
How did you go about creating the effects?
We experimented with the shattered glass effect in CG, but it didn't quite look right - it needed to be more tactical. We ended up achieving the desired look by practically shooting a sheet of glass layered over a file I created of a big California map, layered with recreated and stylized news clippings, photographs, and a timeline whose font was inspired by real identification photos pulled from the case.
Green Screen Glass
Final Title Sequence
What other elements did you create for the show?
I designed the Unmasking a Killer logo at the end. The point in the "i" represents the sharpness; the violence of his crimes.
We also created the graphics package and lower thirds to be used throughout the series.
Map Graphic
Anything else you'd like to share?
It was wonderful working with Joke Productions on this project. The end production phase was turned around in less than a month - an easy process thanks to our small, hardworking team and close collaboration.
Find out more about the project here.Eating The Leftovers
Dear Priscilla Bennett Friends,
I hope you were all safe over the Thanksgiving Holiday. Often domestic violence, sexual assault and child abuse escalate during the holidays. When I worked in the emergency room, I saw it over and over. Drugs and alcohol played a part along with high expectations of family and disappointments. I remember a young woman who came in with a knife wound on her arm and said her boyfriend had cut her because she had embarrassed him in front of his friends. She spilt the leftovers she was holding to grab her bloodied arm, and he forced her to eat the food off the floor. “I’ll cut your throat if you don’t,” he said. “The worst part of it is that he did it in front of my three-year-old son,” she cried.
This scenario is all too frequent, and I wrote about it in my novel. Katie is battered by her famous plastic surgeon husband on Christmas night in her daughter Rose’s bedroom when she is putting Rose to bed. The child tries to stop it by screaming, “Stop! Don’t hurt my Mommy,” to no avail as Katie lies on the rug waiting for it to be over. This incident is the turning point for Katie—next time he could kill her— she decides to make a plan. She will never be able to change what her daughter saw or forget her screams, but she can try to never let it happen again. With no support from her family, no job and little money she begins to plan an escape—but it will take time to implement. Her husband controls all the finances, but she saves from her pocket money. An elderly woman offers her a part-time job with a flexible schedule, and Katie grabs it terrified that her husband will find out. Slowly step by step, she inches towards freedom.
Take good care of yourselves,
PRISCILLA BENNETT XOXO
Over five million Americans suffer from dementia. This serious loss of brain function hinders the ability of seniors to care for themselves and make sound decisions. In these cases, a conservatorship may be necessary to protect their quality of care, assets and legacy.
A conservatorship is a legal arrangement that places an adult individual, also known as a conservatee or protected person, under the supervision of a conservator. There are two main types of conservatorships: conservatorship of the person and conservatorship
Conservatorship of the estate or property empowers the conservator to make important financial decisions on behalf of the protected person, including:
My firm works with older adults and their loved ones to determine the best course of action, file the required paperwork and represent them in proceedings with the appropriate administrative agencies. We also work with the conservator to keep an up-to-date accounting of the estate.CNN – US Central Command announced Tuesday that additional US troops who were serving at a base in Iraq that was struck by Iranian missiles earlier this month have been transported to an American medical facility in Germany.
The injured service members are separate from the 11 who CENTCOM last week announced had been injured in the January 8 strike. That strike was retaliation for the January 2 US strike that killed Iranian Gen. Qasem Soleimani..
Some administration officials at first said they believed that Iran had deliberately missed areas populated by Americans. Multiple administration officials told CNNthe night of the attack that Iran could have directed its missiles to areas populated by Americans, but intentionally did not.’s Jake Tapper contributed to this report.VACCINATION CARDS NOW REQUIRED
ALL players must show a current Covid-19 Vaccination card and wear a mask onsite.
Please be sure ALL PLAYERS in your group bring their card or photo of their card.
Please note: All game times are listed in Pacific_0<<
I did one of these virtual escape games as a work event and loved it! I was so impressed it felt like I was actually in an escape room. Carlos was also a great game master 🙂 Highly recommend for more virtual events.
3 Tricks For Helping Sell Your Home Quickly
Posted on: 7 June. If you really want to sell your home quickly, make sure that it is on the market in June.
Furthermore, be careful about the actual day that you list your home. Don't list your home right before a major holiday, such as Memorial Day weekend. Buyers who check home lists regularly may easily miss yours as they enjoy their holiday weekend. Your home listing will only be new for so long, so you want to list your home during a time period where people will see and be able to respond to your new listing.
Price Your Home Realistically
Pricing a home is an art, and you want to work with a real estate agent and broker who will be able to help you price your home at a rate that will sell. When pricing your home, be sure to take into consideration the value of the features in your home as well as the drawbacks of your home. Look closely at the local market and what other properties are selling for. Try to set your home at a realistic price point. If your home is priced to sell, not negotiate, you are more likely to get offers on your home at a faster rate.
It is better to price your home realistically than to price it too high, only to have to discount the home later. Discounting your home doesn't look good for your listing and can hinder your desire for a fast sale.
If you want to sell your home quickly once you put it on the market, make sure that your listing doesn't go up before a holiday weekend and goes up during the home buying season from the middle of February through September. Make sure that you price your home to sell. Overpricing your home can reduce offers and cause you to drop your listing, which doesn't look good.Share, intimidate or be toxic other Rampant users.
- You are solely responsible for your conduct and any data, text, information, screen names, graphics, photos, profiles, audio and video clips, links ("Content") that you submit, post, and display on the Rampant service.
- You must not modify, adapt or hack Rampant or modify another website so as to falsely imply that it is associated with Rampant
- You must not create or submit unwanted email to any Rampant members ("Spam").
- You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
- You must not, in the use of Rampant, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
Violation of any of these agreements will result in the termination of your Rampant account. While Rampant prohibits such conduct and content on its site, you understand and agree that Rampant cannot be responsible for the Content posted on its web site and you nonetheless may be exposed to such materials and that you use the Rampant service at your own risk.
General Conditions:
- We reserve the right to modify or terminate the Rampant.
- Rampant service makes it possible to post images and text hosted on Rampant to outside websites. This use is accepted (and even encouraged!). However, pages on other websites which display data hosted on Rampant must provide a link back to Rampant.
- We claim no intellectual property rights over the material you provide to the Rampant. 20, 2021As I listen to the new album from Tunic, I feel like they’re trying to fuck with my brain in the best way possible. They’re sucking me in with their all-out passion for punk and then when I’m fully immersed in the Tunic experience they hit me over the head with a sledgehammer of noise rock! It’s making me really miss my local DIY venues, which is a feeling I’m unfortunately getting used to. This Winnipeg band has also released a secret EP only available to their subscribers, so head here to sign up to get it. You can also stream their single “Invalid” on Spotify here and preorder their album Exhaling here – it comes out April 9th. Right now, watch this exclusive live footage premiere that we’re sharing with you below!
It is currently Fri Nov 26, 2021 9:21 131 users online :: 122 registered and 9 hidden (based on users active over the past 10 minutes)
Most users ever online was 1819 on Sun Jul 28, 2019 7:40 pm
Registered users: 0106, 676darkness, Aadkins13, ad5570, Almestar64, ARandomName, BadlyDrawnDedede, BellyOfTheWubblies, Bing [Bot], bio, bitterconcentrate, blade890890, Bolg, buster520, bwakibi, CapriceMonotony, CatriaFan24, Cha0asdragon, Cimche, code8x, Cometcloud, Crazed26, CrazyMates2300, Creed0988, Crocodilemanofmad, cwho55, Cyberneticous, Damienfox, daytonheath, deathsbane18, DerPlayer, dontfollow, Duskthewolfcub, edgeware, Ekto, eloisiquant, EmberIsland, Emperor_Palpatine, Evbro22, ExaltedLord, FinalHazard, Flyer935, GeneticMess, Goetia, Google [Bot], Greenwater, GreyWarden, halfway, hamadie302, Hanz97, HereticRAIDAA, HyperInactivity, Ilv18, IncoIsARadio, InverseTacquito, Jaakecrisis, jeffie10, JJeph, Joebob0330, joecrow01, KavenBach, kiilersss, Klazomaniac456, klom, KnifeSharpener, komaru, KombuKajun, KrispieRice8, KuroNekoChan, Laughingdragon, legend7, LonelySwarm, Majestic-12 [Bot], mcdaddi, melissathevixen, mesev78377, MidnightZBear, MissedIt, MJT, MobiusTheIce, moscato, mupu2, Nagafanguy34, NateDog965, nonomura, Nosh, NShayde, nutritious, OrangeSoda, Pangeaz, Personad, Protusfighter, qwertyx2rev, Robotdocter, scottypilgrim, shadepelt2, Shadow1998, solidfalcon9, StandardUser, sundup, Susuko, SynxTheLynx, talrok, TBVAS2, Thebigcheese, tigra9, tkdigiboy, Tronoid3, Unregistermn, valgos33, Voltaire8383, VoraciousShapeshift, vore21b, VVV, WillingWombPrey, winkomaniak, Xexy, Yandex [Bot], yetAgain, yko, Younger99, Zyxxyy
Legend: Administrators, Global moderators
Statistics
Total posts 2837816 • Total topics 52576 • Total members 131928 • Our newest member Hanz07Discover our
Chalet Sapin
85m² for 6 people
I want to see...
This chalet with mountain views is comfortably furnished. On the ground floor, you will have a living room, a kitchenette, a bedroom with a double bed (160x200), a shower room and two separate toilets. Upstairs you will find a bedroom with a double bed (160x200) and a bedroom with two single beds (90x190). Outside, a furnished terrace, a barbecue, an unfenced garden and a private parking will complete your approval. Exterior completely renovated in 2017.
Spacious
Its surface of 85<<
Room with a balcony
ROOMS
On the ground floor
One room with a 160x200 bed
Upstairs
One room with a 160x200 bed and a balcony
One room with two 90x190 beds
Name
“Testimonials work great. Showing your reviews in quotes has a powerful effect on customers and makes them trust you.”07 October 2014
Get rid of the Mayor?
Get rid of the Mayor to save costs?
This has cropped up again on our Readers' Letters page. Just as a matter of interest, the Mayor's engagements were monitored for a year (May 2013 to May 2014) and you can make your own assessment from the following link:-
We would like to have views from our readers to provide feedback to our council.Page Authority
MO?
- kevin.loesken last edited by
Hi there! I'm sorry your links aren't showing up in Open Site Explorer yet. I'll try to explain a few reasons why this might be happening:
There are two types of link data we capture: external and internal linking pages. In order for us to discover backlinks to your site, we need to crawl the sites and pages linking to you. Once we can find those links, we will then be able to crawl your site to find pages you link to and so forth.
If you don't see any internal links to your page, make sure we're not blocked from crawling this URL or site. If our web crawlers are blocked from crawling certain pages (i.e., with "noindex" or Robots.txt), they may not be included in the index.
For some more in-depth info, here's how we compile our index:
- We grab the most recent index. - We take the top 10 billion URLs with the highest MozRank (with a fixed limit on some of the larger domains). - We start crawling from the top down until we've crawled 90,000,000,000 pages (which is about 35% the amount in Google's index).
So, if the site is not linked to by one of these seed URLs (or one of the URLs linked to by them in the next update) then it won't show up in our index.
Other tools, such as Webmaster Tools, Ahrefs, and Majestic will alway show more link data as they target the quantity of links, while OSE focuses more on quality and Domain Authority. It’s best to use all the tools you can to obtain a full backlink profile; I've got a post here that details why and how that is!.
We update once a month and you can view the next scheduled update here:
Hope this helps provide some clarity. Please let me know if you have any questions - thank you!
Kevin
Help.Lista de canciones
Álbum
Surrender Elektrissimo. Dance Trance. Artists Clubcraaft. Surrender is taken from Chris Farren's new full length album, Born Hot, out October 11, 2019. 50 видео Воспроизвести все Микс Chris Farren - Surrender this album. eMU DEAL. SALE 60 Off. EMU PRICE: eMU. MEMBER PRICE: . Buy album now. Members Save 60 off Retail ELECTRONIC. Members Save 60 off Retail: . Surrender. Search Beatport tracks by any terms such as key, BPM, genre, title, artist, label and - Surrender 1992. To favorites 0 Download album. Listen album. Hard Rock. Songs in album Surrender - Surrender 1992. Surrender - Song Child. Surrender - Baby Steps. Surrender - Leave Her To Heaven. Surrender - One Chance. Surrender - Day After The Rain. Surrender - See To Believe. Copyright Control. Album 2005 7 Songs. url:null,pid:vyAFwtPw,length:218. Surrender - 1. url:null,pid:KCT5P8sN,length:205. Surrender - 2. url:null,pid:89gtFAsM,length:372. Surrender - 3T1 Series High-End
Products Features
- Body bed: ductile iron casting structure have high rigidity, good vibration damping, non-deformation, high accuracy, and good quality and stability too.
- Beam: cast aluminum<<
Germen Precitech / Ray Tools
The cutting head uses a German Precitech / Ray Tools fiber laser, a special cutting head, and a capacitor non-contact high automatic tracking system. because of the physical characteristics of the fiber laser, the 5-inch focal length lens of the cutting head can be used for cutting different thicknesses. It's unnecessary to replace different focusing lens cavities.
The complete system contains a linear drive, cutting and welding system, a controller, and a collimating unit.
Integrated non-contact patented distance sensor.
An error signal is generated in case of collision, cable damage, or exceeding the measured area tolerance.
Easy access to all connections. Integrated collision detection function.
Water cooling system for chemical components and fiber sockets. Integrated collimation unit. Easy to cut and weld functional transformation
>.Please take a moment to visit our sponsors.
MacReserve – Need a Mac at a reasonable price, look no further than Mac Reserve. Slightly used Macs at innovative pricing. You cannot go wrong with a Mac.
AnswerFirst – Need your calls answered when you can’t? Do your customers need 24/7 access to your business, but there is only one of you? Does your business offer after hours ER service, but you don’t want to take calls at 3am for non-ER stuff? Call AnswerFirst at 866-272-9589 and use the referral code: 8708 for your discount."Today marks the start of a bold new chapter for Gods & Monsters! We just signed the lease on our temporary space in The Orlando Crossings Mall! We'll have nearly 7,000 sqft to use for retail, bar and lounge seating, while we work out the negotiations on an exciting, larger forever home!"The geeky haven is set to open its doors again on Saturday, Feb..(no subject)
How do you start a dialogue with someone that you've recently come to decide you're worried about without making them angry? I don't want said person to think that I'm prying into their personal life, but I want to make it clear to them that I've noticed a change in them since certain events have transpired and that I, as what I believe to be a good friend, am worried about how they're taking all this. I'm worried about why this person's demeanor has seemed to slowly change in a negative fashion and I want to be able to let them know that I'm there for taking about it without any expectation of anything other than conversing.COMMENT & ANALYSIS: Dublin City Council and the Gardai still have a lot to answer for over allowing coaches and buses linked to events at Croke Park to be parked on footpaths and cycle paths on the Alfie Byrne Road.
The latest event is the U2 concert later today. It’s one of many such closures, but the legal means of the closures is shrouded in mystery. This is on top of unanswered questions over the safety choices over choosing to close the cycle paths rather than the roadway.
On Thursday, we reported how the Garda press office said: “Dublin City Council have approved all road closures for this event so I would refer your query to them. Stewards are employed at the location for the duration of the event for the safety of all concerned.”
So, according to the Gardai, Dublin City Council must be the ones approving blocking part of Dublin’s longest continuous cycle path? And what would normally be illegal parking?
Yesterday, just after midday, the city council pointed back towards the Gardai. A city council spokesman said:
Information on the Garda Concert Management Arrangements for Croke Park are on the Garda website:
This plan was done in conjunction with the various Transport Agencies to assist patrons attending the U2 Concert at Croke Park Stadium and includes the closure of the cycle lane on the Alfie Byrne Road to facilitate bus parking. These measures are being enforced by the Garda Traffic Corp so if you require any further information, it would be more appropriate to contact them.
IrishCycle.com then quoted what the Gardai said on Thursday, and asked: Can the city council please clarify what approval it has given for the closure of the cycle tracks on both sides of Alfie Byrne Road? After 2pm, the city council replied:
Planning permission was granted for the Croke Park Stadium redevelopment by An Bord Pleanála on the 9th March, 1993. Condition No. 11(b) of this permission requires:
“Three months (or such other period as may be agreed in writing with the planning authority) prior to such events, the developer shall obtain the written agreement of the planning authority to the proposed arrangements in relation to capacity and to the various management and control procedures and works involved with respect to access, safety (including temporary stands, plant, generator, vehicles and equipment), noise level, lighting levels, capacity, parking, off-site pedestrian impact (including litter removal), duration and times of stage/arena construction, rehearsal/testing and event/performance. No event shall continue later than 22.00 hours other than when authorised by a prior planning permission” (amended to 23.00 hours under planning permission register reference no 6473/06 final grant date 14/03/2007).
Part of the required management is traffic management and the specific issue of parking which would include coach parking on Alfie Byrne Road associated with the Concerts. The traffic management plan is put together by An Garda Síochána in consultation with the promoter and therefore any reasonable request made by the promoter or An Garda Síochána in this regard is covered within the compliance approval associated with the event.
Can you please provide the written agreement between Croke Park and the City Council which includes the closure of the cycle track? Their reply was: “Unfortunately this information is not available at present.”
It’s hard to see how planning permission for the stadium allows for the closure of a cycle path over 1km away from the event and well outside the main traffic cordon for the event.
In its reply after 2pm, the council added:
We also rely on the fact that An Garda Síochána have the powers under Section 91 of the Roads and Traffic Act 1961…
So, back to the Garda press office: Will Garda officers be present tomorrow to use the powers under Section 91 of the Roads and Traffic Act 1961 to keep the cycle track closed for coach parking? Or if the intention is to appoint “parking attendants” under the act, will there be a written record of this and is there a written record for previous concerts that parking attendants were appointed?
The Garda press office said:
“As previously stated – Dublin City Council have approved all road closures for this event so I would refer your query to them. Stewards are employed at the location for the duration of the event for the safety of all concerned. Furthermore we do not discuss operational matters ahead of major events.”
The excuse of “operational matters” might hold for the numbers and placement of the public order or anti-terrorism units, but using it when somebody asks if there a written record of appointing parking attendants? Gardai reform seems to be a distance universe, even for the simplest of things.
People have asked what’s the alternative to allowing coaches up on the cycle paths. There’s a few alternatives.
Ideally, the city should set up proper coach parking / set-down somewhere between Croke Park and the Docklands, serving not just Croke Park but also the Three Arena, the Dublin Conference Centre, general tourism use etc.
Others have suggested that the Croke Park’s owners should be paying for use of private lands (like the ESB gateway car park on Eastwall Road, or a nearby railway station car parks).
Maybe a more practical suggestion in the short term would be to use formal road closure orders to partly or fully closing Alfie Byrne Road to general traffic while the coach parking is needed and providing safe space for cycling and walking.
For now two things are clear: Dublin City Council remains pro-cycling only when it suits them and the legality of the cycle path closure is at best mysterious.
People hiding behind procedures and rules while avoiding accountability is what caused the Grenfell disaster. It is a dangerous cultural issue that can also be easily noticed in our own public bodies.
Until people start taking ownership of their decisions, for good or for bad, we will continue to see these situations where nobody is accountable and there is no clear path to reversing them either.
This very much sounds like the Gardai and DCC are not following procedure for road closures. If not, these closures are illegal.
The concert is due to start at 8:30pm. I expect coaches to be in place a couple of hours beforehand. I’ll be out that way anyway, so I’ll report back later.
I always found it peculiar that they use this road for this and not other roads. Even nearby Clontarf Road/Fairview around the corner would be wide enough for short time parking of coaches and there bicycles have a very segregated path through the park. Or even Ballybough Road is wide enough and is only 300 meters from Croke park.
But of course this would potentially inconvenience mostly cars and as we all know DCC is completely unwilling to even consider this.
They seem to be stuck in a moment they can’t get out of
We are slowly coming to realise that the various utterances that ‘authorities’ make about promoting cycling are no more than hollow words. The only show that counts is provision for motorised trips.When a person borrows money from another individual or entity, there is a need to complete several documents confirming borrowing. A California promissory note template is used when the deal is sealed in the mentioned state under specific conditions.
This document usually describes:
There are two types of California promissory notes: secured and unsecured. The first type is used if a borrower suggests substitution for the money (when they cannot cover the debt). The second type is common when the borrower is a friend or a family member whom the lender trusts.
California Constitution incorporates the provisions tied to the topic of usury (see Article XV).
You may find the information about the rate of interest there. The rate varies from 5% to 10% in California, depending on why the money is borrowed and other factors.
Popular Local Promissory Note Forms
Businesses and individuals usually require promissory notes to borrow money from other individuals and businesses and keep away from lending institutions. Below are some of the most common local promissory notes looked up by our users.
The completion of legal forms in the United States can be complicated. To fill out the promissory note template correctly, follow our guidelines below.
Download the Template
First, you should get the template that will suit the case. Use our form-building software to generate the file.
Write the Date
Below the heading of the form, add the date when you are signing it.
Name the Involved Parties and Indicate the Borrowed Sum
The form begins with information about the parties that sign it. The one who gives the money is also referred to as a lender. The one who receives the money and is obliged to pay it back is called a borrower.
In the relevant blank lines, write the names and the addresses of both the borrower and the lender. Also, write the amount of lent money in US dollars.
Define the Interest Rate
State the interest rate per annum for this debt in both words and numbers.
After inserting the interest rate, parties should agree on some statements, including when the payment is due (or the maturity date) and the sum to pay. Choose the items that suit your case and express the conditions that both parties have discussed and accepted.
Below the added details, you will see several statements regulating the relations between the lender and the borrower. Read them carefully and take them into account to avoid any kind of problems tied to the loan.
Sign the Form
Both the lender and the borrower should sign the promissory note to show their acknowledgment of the document.
Try our document builder to customize any form offered on our website to your preferences. Here’s a group of some other fillable California forms we provide.Briefs: Nortel acquires router producer Tasman
San Jose router producer Tasman networks has been acquired by Nortel for more than $99 million cash in a deal expected to close in the first quarter.
Nortel said the deal would bolster its position in the fields of secure Internet Protocol telephony and multimedia networks.
Tasman's wide-area routers are designed to make it more cost-effective for business customers to deploy networks. Nortel said it would use them to augment its own convergence solutions for data and multimedia.
"We anticipate that the Tasman products will complement our enterprise infrastructure solutions and further our ability to provide seamless, feature-rich networks that support critical real-time applications -- including voice, video, and streaming multimedia applications," Nortel's Steve Slattery said.
Nortel plans to market Tasman routers as part of its Nortel Secure Router line aimed at small and medium-sized branch offices.
Explore furtherEveryone wants achievement in blogging, but it’s by no means simple. Why? Simply because you are competing with much more than eighty million blogs worldwide that also want success. Freelancers that are new to running a blog, have to work additional hard so that their weblogs can steadily rise up the Google Web page Rankings. So annoying, isn’t it? Maybe you thought that they are shortcuts to success! But the actuality is that there are no wealthy quick strategies in blog achievement. In order to succeed in running a blog here are some suggestions that can guide you to success.
When setting up a blog the most crucial component is figuring out the objective from the blog. Do you require to publish your creative writing? Or, maybe you want to blog as a technique of talking out about a subject that passions you. Promotion of a business is an extra common purpose to blog. Being aware of your objective can help you determine what type of promote me to established up and will reveal the viewers you happen to be hoping to seize. Each, are vital elements of an excellent blog.
Engaging weblogs will not only encourage visitors to come back but will also ensure that they invite their friends to verify out the weblog to. This is great – social sharing of your blog posts can make them go viral and make your reader count improve instantly. As lengthy as you are supplying them with a reason to arrive back again related to the purpose of your weblog then you will discover achievement.
In purchase to write a successful weblog that readers will appreciate studying you require to comprehend who your visitors are and the type of info that will entice them to your blog. Your visitors will be attracted to a blog that is written nicely and the information posted is new and current. Updating your blog content presently is the initial step to developing your online blog visitors and making your readers faithful.
Always react to people who depart comments on your weblog. You’ll find that blogging is much more thrilling if you can get a dialogue going with your readers. You can also find websites to announce the beginning of your blog or share your posts.
I’m certain all of you have dreamed of attracting a thousand, 5 thousand, 10 thousand, even up to one hundred thousand guests to your weblog each thirty day period. I know I have. Imagine what that would mean for your base line to generate traffic to your blog in these numbers.
If you do all this, and some other web marketing strategies too numerous for this article, you will not only see your blog visits and comments improve, but this will almost automatically do the same for a web site you want to market by way of this weblog. You can even embed the newest 1 or two blog posts on your site to maintain its content material expanding and deliver visitors back and forth. Provide your blog readers with quality beneficial content material and they’ll not only keep coming back again, link to you and comment, they’ll inform other people about you. So go out there and produce a location for sharing your ideas and info. And if you want, let us know about it!Lurking around the crypts for over 15 years Tombthroat have unleashed their fourth full length album 'Eden Apocalypse'. A jaw dropping monstrosity of epic. Eden Apocalypse · Tombthroat. Type: Full-length; Release date: June 12th, ; Catalog ID: N/A. Label: Blast Head Records; Format: Digital. Eden Apocalypse · Tombthroat. Type: Full-length; Release date: June 12th, ; Catalog ID: BHR Label: Blast Head Records; Format: CD. Band: Tombthroat Album: Eden Apocalypse Year: Genre: Technical Brutal Death Metal Country: Germany (Ludwigshafen, Rhineland-Palatinate) Format. View credits, reviews, tracks and shop for the CD release of "Eden Apocalypse" on Discogs. Tombthroat: Eden Apocalypse,album, review, tracklist, mp3, lyrics. Tombthroat - Eden Apocalypse [Explicit] - Music. Click image to open expanded view. VIDEOS; ° VIEW; IMAGES. Eden Apocalypse by Tombthroat (). Tombthroat Format: Audio CD. Find many great new & used options and get the best deals for Eden Apocalypse * by Tombthroat (CD, Feb, Blast Head Records) at the best online prices. Lyrics for Eden Apocalypse by Tombthroat. Rivers of blood and seas of murder Collide in the center of all Mundane being Merciless Ch.
Download Tombthroat Eden Apocalypse mp3 flac full album vinyl rip
22.10.202122.10.2021 | | 1 Comments | 22:12
1 thoughts on “Download Tombthroat Eden Apocalypse mp3 flac full album vinyl rip”Tell us what’s happening:
Describe your issue in detail here.
The [0] is to avoid object key duplicates? How does filter work in this case?
daysOfWeek = [ { day: "Wednesday", temp: 10, date: "2021-11-03 09:00:00" }, { day: "Wednesday", temp: 2, date: "2021-11-03 01:00:00" }, { day: "Wednesday", temp: 7, date: "2021-11-03 18:00:00" }, { day: "Sunday", temp: 20, date: "2021-11-07 15:00:00" }, { day: "Sunday", temp: 6, date: "2021-11-07 5:00:00" } ]; let holderArray = [ { day: "Sunday", rows: [] }, { day: "Monday", rows: [] }, { day: "Tuesday", rows: [] }, { day: "Wednesday", rows: [] }, { day: "Thursday", rows: [] }, { day: "Friday", rows: [] }, { day: "Saturday", rows: [] } ]; daysOfWeek.forEach((item) => { let row = holderArray.filter((obj) => { return obj.day === item.day; })[0]; row.rows.push({ temp: item.temp, date: item.date }); });
const JSX = <div></div>;
Your browser information:
User Agent is:
Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/95.0.4638.54 Safari/537.36
Challenge: Create a Simple JSX Element
Link to the challenge:Carson served as FPF’s Health Policy Fellow. Carson worked on issues surrounding health data, particularly where it is not covered by HIPAA. These non-HIPAA health data issues include consumer-facing genetics companies, wearables, medical “big data” and medical device surveillance. Carson also assists with the operation of the Genetics Working Group.
Carson was previously an Intern at Intel with the Government and Policy Group, working on health, technology, and policy. Before joining Intel, She was as an intern for the International Neuroethics Society, and a Research Assistant for both Data-Pop Alliance and New York University.
Carson graduated from Duke University with a Master’s Degree in Bioethics and Science Policy with a concentration in Technology and Data Policy. Carson earned her Bachelor’s Degree in Neuroscience with minors in Philosophy and Psychology from New York University.
Learn more about Carson’s work by reading Consumer Genetic Testing: A Q&A with Carson Martinez.League Of Denial (eBOOK)
This book is on page /6fb32aeea4bfb2927c5f1c838ecce369/book/1603725640-9780770437565. It was written by the following authors: Mark FAINARU-WADA, Steve Fainaru.-denial.Raise Report: Usermind, Red Points, True Fit Score New Funding
Every two weeks, we round up some of the biggest fundraises taking place in hyperlocal marketing, commerce, and tech.
Tuesday, Jan 9: Red Points Locks Down $12 Million for Brand Safety
Northzone led the Series B round, TechCrunch reported. Red Points offers a technological solution to brands’ growing concerns about their reputations, which are harder and harder to protect as mentions across the Web proliferate and more commercial activities are handed off to machines. The company’s tech scans the web for brand infringements and takes stock of and eliminates them. The funding will fuel Red Points’ growth as it opens a New York office.
Thursday, Jan 11: Closetbox Raises $7.3 Million to Disrupt Storage
The Series A round brings Closetbox’s total funding to nearly $20 million, TechCrunch reported. The company allows users looking for storage to make plans and track their inventories online.
Wednesday, Jan 17: CircleCI Picks Up $31 Million to Expedite Software Development
Top Tier Capital Partners led the Series C round, according to a press release. CircleCI enables software development at large scale by automating parts of the software-development process itself. The company’s solution is used by tech giants such as Facebook. The company will build its staff as it continues to scale up its operations.
Wednesday, Jan 17: Usermind Rakes In $23.5 Million to Power Customer Engagement
Northgate Capital led the Series C round, VentureBeat reported. Usermind empowers companies to better understand their own work and foster productive relationships with customers by coordinating among the many different software programs and applications today’s companies use day to day. Usermind will grow its sales and marketing teams and open an office in London.
Wednesday, Jan 17: Grove Collaborative Secures $35 Million to Sell Home Goods Online
Norwest Venture Partners led the Series C round, according to a press release. Grove Collaborative is an e-commerce platform that delivers home goods to its customers and offers such perks as free shipping and returns. The cash infusion will help it expand its suite of products.
Thursday, Jan 18: True Fit Snaps Up $55 Million for Apparel Personalization Platform
Georgian Partners led the Series C round, Retail Touch Points reported. True Fit uses an expansive trove of user and sartorial data to help customers determine which items will best fit them from the comfort of their own homes. True Fit will use the funding to pursue new markets in Asia and to expand its offerings.
Thursday, Jan 18: Apartment List Scores $50 Million for Rental Marketplace
Passport Capital led the Series C round, VentureBeat reported. The company accelerates the apartment-hunt process by providing users with a set of options matching personal criteria they provide. Apartment List will put the funding toward developing its selection of homes.
Joseph Zappa is Street Fight’s news editor.
Has your company recently raised a new round? Send press releases and other info to info@streetfightmag.com and tell us all about it.cancer treatment […]
12/03/2017
/
By Isabelle Z.
Most cancer drugs make it to the market without any proof they’re safe or effective […]
04/23/2017
/
By Amy Goodrich
Big Pharma conspired to destroy supply of life-saving cancer drugs by putting profit before […]
02/21/2017
/
By Mike Adams
Janet Napolitano nearly killed by cancer medication… rushed to hospital after found unconscious… doctors “worried about brain damage” a staffer […]
« Return Home
1 of 1
Popular ArticlesSpeakers are not defined.
Check the Lean Product Management Workshop: How to Achieve Product-Market Fit by Dan Olsen website for more details.
Palo Alto, USA
1401 N. Shoreline Blvd., Mountain View, CA 94043, United States
2825 Sand Hill Rd, Menlo Park, CA 94025, Menlo Park, CA 94025, United States
Mountain View, USAnike land slide sandals
slides shoes womens nike
nike metcon 4 usa
nike reax 3
nike solarsoft sandal south africa
shoe show nike flip flops
nike retaliation training 2 sneaker
cowboys nike slides
nike solarsoft men
ladies white nike sliders
womens nike slides size 6
nike men's free tr 8
nike tanjun slides women
nike train versatility
nike varsity shoes
women's nike benassi duo slide sandals
mens nike sandals canada
nike womens ultra comfort slide
nike men's flex control 2
bealls nike slides
nike reax 8 tr black
nike zoom train command black
nike flip flops velcro
nike train quick
nike bling sandals
nike flex show tr 2
nike sandals size 1
nike lunar prime iron
womens nike slides near me
nike retaliation tr blue
ah7453
show me nike sandals
nike free tr 8 men
new balance running shoes no laces
nike ultra sandals
nike flip flops mens solarsoft
nike reax tr iii sl
new balance lace up sneakers
nike internationalist se women's
nike flip flops soft
nike kawa adjustable slides mens
retaliation tr 2
nike training zoom command
nike slippers for women pink
nike in season tr8 review
nike free tr8 review
nike zoom train action training
nike slide ons mens
nike train virtue
new balance sneakers with no tie laces
nike lunar prime iron 2
nike women's duo slides
burgundy nike flip flops with gold check
nike three strap slides
nike kawa signature slide sandal
flip flops women nike
nike navy flip flops
nike benassi vapormax
lunar fingertrap
old style nike flip flops
nike metcon 4 atmosphere grey
air force slides nike
nike sandals grade school
ladies pink nike sliders
mens nike slides memory foam
nike men's fs lite trainer 4
wmns kawa shower nike
nike retaliation tr 2 men's
nike slippers purple and gold
nike men's retaliation
nike w internationalist se
nike slippers black and orange
nike flex motion flip flops
purple nike sandals with gold check
nike training boots
nike air epic speed tr
men's nike benassi solarsoft slide 2 slide sandals
nike free tr 9 ultra mens
nike 2 strap slides white
nike metcon atmosphere grey
fanny pack nike shoes
nike squeeze flip flops
all white nike slippers,

Sliced bread, thick farmhouse loaves, artisan breads, baguettes, or bagels each toasted just the way you want... your wish is the toaster’s command! Select between six different browning levels, toast only one side with the bagel function, or simply warm or defrost your bread.
Warranty
This is authorized goods.
Warranty Period: 2 Years
Warranty Provided By: Dah Chong Hong Holdings Limited
Service Centre Details
Address: 4/F DCH Building, 20 Kai Cheung Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong
Contact: 31939888
- Redemption period
- 21 Jul:
When an order has been placed, Member will be contacted to make an appointment for delivery. If there is installation service, please do not unpack by yourself and wait for the factory staff to check. (If it is damaged, there will be no replacement if the product is unpacked by yourself)
Delivery time depends on different districts, please confirm when making the appointment.
There is no designated time for delivery.
Delivery and installation service only applys to Hong Kong area.
- Redemption period
- 21 Jul 2021 - 31 Jan 2022
- Delivery period
- 7-14 days (Hong Kong SAR)
- Collection/ delivery method
- Home Deliveryhammer mill price hammer mill price Suppliers and 1199 hammer mill price products are offered for sale by suppliers on of which crusher accounts for 27 feed processing machines accounts for 26 and wood crusher accounts for 12 A wide variety of hammer mill price options are available to you There are 1199 suppliers who sells hammer mill price on mainly located in Asia
Products From Brands You Can Trust Stewart Amos offers a comprehensive selection of aggregate crushing breaking and material handling equipment as well as high performance pumps for construction and aggregate applications
Alternative to Demolition Jack Hammer Breaker Jackhammer Concrete Saw Rock Drill 2 50F 77F Plant Grinder 120 Mesh Soil Crusher Pulverizer Grinding Machine Superfine Herb Disintegrator Continuous Operation Lab Equipment 5 0 out order soon Mortar and Pestle Sopito 18 8 Stainless Steel Spice Grinder Pill Crusher with Lid Introduction Hammer crusher is a kind of equipment with high production capacity large reduction ratio and high crushing efficiency Capacity 5～75t h Improvement High speed hammer impacts materials to crush materials There are two ways of crushing Wet and dry
Hammer Crusher Capacity 5–75 t h Applicable Material Hammer crusher is the most common of stone crushing equipment It is also called hammer mill It has high production capacity low energy consumption simple structure reliable quality easy maintenance etc
The values of a family company have allowed us to establish ourselves on the global market through 10 branches located in the various continents and a wide network of dealers and authorized workshops present all over the worId
Juxin Machinery CO LTD is a manufacturer specialized in making crushers sand makers and other mining equpment Welcome to contact us for stone crusher price sand making plant prices and so
offers 1 497 heavy hammer crusher equipment products About 87 of these are crusher 1 are mining machinery parts A wide variety of heavy hammer crusher equipment options are available to you such as impact crusher jaw crusher and roller crusher
PC Hammer Crusher This machine is widely used in industries of mining building materials chemical industry metallurgy fodder etc It can crush materials with medium or less hardness into medium or fine crushing
Henan Fangda Industrial Co Ltd is a high tech R D joint stock enterprise which engages in selling exporting mining machinery equipment as one We manufacture all kinds of high quality mineral equipment such as crushing equipment mobile crushing plan hammer crushers at best price with product specifications Listed hammer crushers manufacturers suppliers dealers exporters are offering best deals for hammer crushers at your
Find Crushers on GlobalSpec by specifications Industrial Crushers reduce large rocks into smaller rocks gravel or rock dust Crushers may be used to reduce the size or change the form of waste
China Coal Hammer Crusher Equipment For Crushing Screening with High Quality Leading Coal Hammer Crusher Equipment For Crushing Screening Manufacturers Suppliers find Coal Hammer Crusher Equipment For Crushing Screening
Hammer Crusher The Jeffrey Miracle Hammer Crusher is designed for the reduction of large pieces and large capacities of limestone shale slag and cement rock The larger sizes are built to take steam shovel size limestone crushing
Products From Brands You Can Trust Stewart Amos offers a comprehensive selection of aggregate crushing breaking and material handling equipment as well as high performance pumps for
MUSTANG has been manufacturing and distributing hydraulic hammers and other demolition equipment All components are built in Europe factories through advanced CNC machineries and high technologies assuring maximum precision and finishing of all the
Processes various blocky materials to desired size Originally designed for asphalt recycling the RC Series Industrial Crusher is ideal for processing a variety large heavy or
New Used Hammer Mill Crushers for Sale Savona Equipment is a hammer mill crusher supplier worldwide A hammer mill is a crusher that can grind pulverize and crush a wide range of materials This crusher employs a rain of hammer
Zhengzhou Huahong Machinery Equipment Co Ltd Experts in Manufacturing and Exporting Crusher Wet Pan Mill and 6245 more Products A Verified CN Gold Supplier
International Limited leads the screening and crushing industry with a complete line of equipment for any job Since 1985 International has established a worldwide reputation for high performance products that have introduced many of today s key mobile screening and crushing
Rock Crushing Hammer Mills We manufacture a large variety of hammer mills and hammer rock crushers to handle virtually any size reduction job From our large High Tonnage Hammer Mills to smaller Type GP Hammer Mills we have a stone
Crushing equipment breaks down the hard rock or gravel so that it can be either transported or sent on the conveyor for sorting Crushing equipment is a vital part of mining operations since it can break down large material into manageable pieces
Hammer crusher is a kind of equipment with high production capacity large reduction ratio and high crushing efficiency Capacity 5～75t h Improvement High speed hammer impacts materials to crush materials There are two ways of crushing
whatsapp: +8613621919955
As one of leaders of global crushing and grinding industry, SBM is always committed to innovation & excellence. Grasping strong production capability, advanced research strength and excellent service, SBM create the value and bring values to customers.Posts3
Joined
Last visited
Contact Methods
- Website URL
Previous Fields
- Goldfish Blog
- Age18
- Referred By
- How many Goldfish5
Moblie
- LocationSouth africa
Recent Profile Visitors
The recent visitors block is disabled and is not being shown to other users.
Ichthyologist's Achievements
Newbie (1/14)
1
Reputation
- Goldfish should not eat ginger and refined garlic powder has little nutritional value than fresh garlic juice (the liquid left over by garlic cloves) the food should be soaked in the garlic for 10 minutes then fed. Although i would recommend using Seachem Garlic gaurd from the local fish store
-
Do I treat Main tank before adding new fish.
Ichthyologist replied to ABB63's topic in Quarantine/ New fish arrival.Please follow a proper quaretine procedure before adding new fish into the main tank and do not add harsh chemicals like MG or MB to avoid killing off beneficial bacteria. Quaretine fish should be treated with an internal parasite medication for 2 weeks and follow another 2 weeks in quaretine.
- Garlic itself isnt bad, but I would highly recommend avoiding adding garlic water into any body of water the fish are in. Raw minced garlic can be fed as an occasional appetite booster or a homeopathic method to paralyze some internal parasites.Substantial Horses
Elton Gallegly Working horses are usually substantial (or draft) horses utilized for transport, working farming land, in addition to forestry work. Prices as much time with horses as you can before you tackle horse by yourself might make your life a great deal much less complex in the future; horses are extremely delicate to body movement, as well as additionally a convenient operating kind will absolutely benefit from a person they observe is inexperienced. If you just require one expensive working horse, your 2nd horse can be a retired equine or an equine inappropriate for work for some variable, nevertheless or well balanced as well as else healthy and balanced.
Elton Gallegly Working horses are typically substantial (or draft) horses made usage of for transport, working farming land, as well as likewise forestry task. Spending as much time with horses as you can prior to you take on horse on your very own might make your life a whole lot much less challenging later on; horses are exceptionally vulnerable to body language, as well as likewise a convenient working kind will definitely benefit from a person they discover is inexperienced.Cond.:
Pre-owned
Miles:
62,339
Ext. color:
Granite Crystal Metallic Clearcoat
Int. color:
Black/Alloy
Cond.:
Pre-owned
Miles:
62,339
Ext. color:
Granite Crystal Metallic Clearcoat
Int. color:
Black/Alloy
Ask a question
Get home delivery
Outside Temp Gauge
Compass
Air Filtration
Trip Computer
Driver Foot Rest
Illuminated Locking Glove Box
Fade-To-Off Interior Lighting
Full Cloth Headliner
Manual Tilt/Telescoping Steering Column
Sentry Key Engine Immobilizer
Front And Rear Map Lights
Full Carpet Floor Covering -inc: Carpet Front And Rear Floor Mats
Front Cupholder
Power Rear Windows and Fixed 3rd Row Windows
Rear Cupholder
Integrated Roof Antenna
Systems Monitor
6 Speakers
Valet Function
Day-Night Rearview Mirror
Cargo Space Lights
2 Seatback Storage Pockets
Cruise Control w/Steering Wheel Controls
Carpet Floor Trim
Garage Door Transmitter
Cargo Area Concealed Storage
Power 1st Row Windows w/Driver And Passenger 1-Touch Up/Down
Power Door Locks w/Autolock Feature
Driver And Passenger Visor Vanity Mirrors w/Driver And Passenger Illumination
Delayed Accessory Power
Redundant Digital Speedometer
Leather Steering Wheel
1 LCD Monitor In The Front
Dual Zone Front Automatic Air Conditioning
2 12V DC Power Outlets
Vinyl Door Trim Insert
HVAC -inc: Underseat Ducts, Auxiliary Rear Heater and Headliner/Pillar Ducts
Trunk/Hatch Auto-Latch
Rear HVAC w/Separate Controls
SIRIUSXM Satellite Radio
Manual w/Tilt Front Head Restraints and Fixed Rear Head Restraints
Driver And Front Passenger Armrests and Rear Seat Mounted Armrest
Front Seats w/Leatherette Back Material and Power 4-Way Driver Lumbar
Proximity Key For Doors And Push Button Start
Remote Releases -Inc: Power Cargo Access
Radio w/Seek-Scan, MP3 Player, Clock, Speed Compensated Volume Control, Aux Audio Input Jack, Steering Wheel Controls, Voice Activation and Radio Data System
12-Way Power Driver Seat -inc: Power Recline, Height Adjustment, Fore/Aft Movement, Cushion Tilt and Power 4-Way Lumbar Support
Radio: Uconnect 3 w/5" Display
Streaming Audio
Interior Trim -inc: Colored Instrument Panel Insert, Colored Door Panel Insert, Piano Black Console Insert and Piano Black/Metal-Look Interior Accents
FOB Controls -inc: Cargo Access
Metal-Look Gear Shifter Material
Analog Appearance
Chrome Door Handles
Front License Plate Bracket
Front Fog Lamps
Roof Rack
Variable Intermittent Wipers
Clearcoat Paint
Black Grille w/Chrome Surround
Tailgate/Rear Door Lock Included w/Power Door Locks
Wheels: 17" x 7.0" Aluminum
Puncture Sealant & Portable Air Compressor
Tires: P235/65R17 BSW AS -inc: Yokohama Brand Tires
Auto On/Off Projector Beam Halogen Daytime Running Headlamps w/Delay-Off
Engine Oil Cooler
Normal Duty Suspension
Gas-Pressurized Shock Absorbers
Front-Wheel Drive
3.25 axle ratio
Single Stainless Steel Exhaust
180 Amp Alternator
Strut Front Suspension w/Coil Springs
Electric Power-Assist Steering
Front Anti-Roll Bar
Trailing Arm Rear Suspension w/Coil Springs
730CCA Maintenance-Free Battery w/Run Down Protection
50 State Emissions
19 Gal. Fuel Tank
4-Wheel Disc Brakes w/4-Wheel ABS, Front Vented Discs, Brake Assist, Hill Hold Control and Electric Parking Brake
Transmission w/Oil Cooler
GVWR: 6,005 lbs
Transmission: 9-Speed 948TE FWD Automatic
Engine: 3.6L V6 24V VVT UPG I w/ESS -inc: 650 Amp Maintenance Free AGM Battery, Auxiliary Battery, 220 Amp Alternator, Stop-Start Dual Battery System, Engine Oil Cooler
GRANITE CRYSTAL METALLIC CLEARCOAT
WHEELS: 17" X 7.0" ALUMINUM (STD)
TRANSMISSION: 9-SPEED 948TE FWD AUTOMATIC (STD)
17" INFLATABLE SPARE TIRE
INFLATABLE SPARE TIRE KIT -inc: 17" Inflatable Spare Tire Portable Air Compressor w/o Sealant
2ND & 3RD ROW WINDOW SHADES
ENGINE: 3.6L V6 24V VVT UPG I W/ESS -inc: 650 Amp Maintenance Free AGM Battery Auxiliary Battery 220 Amp Alternator Stop-Start Dual Battery System Engine Oil Cooler (STD)
NORMAL DUTY SUSPENSION (STD)
TIRES: P235/65R17 BSW AS -inc: Yokohama Brand Tires 
SECURITY GROUP -inc: Remote Start Security Alarm
8 PASSENGER SEATING
BLACK STOW N PLACE ROOF RACK
ENGINE: 3.6L V6 24V VVT UPG I W/ESS -inc: 650 Amp Maintenance Free AGM Battery Auxiliary Battery 220 Amp Alternator Stop-Start Dual Battery System Engine Oil Cooler
QUICK ORDER PACKAGE 27L TOURING L -inc: Engine: 3.6L V6 24V VVT UPG I w/ESS Transmission: 9-Speed 948TE FWD Automatic Rear Seatback Grocery Bag Hooks Bright Bodyside Molding
Adjustable Steering Wheel
Trip Computer
Power Windows
3rd Row Seat
Leather
Floor Mats
Keyless Start
Bluetooth Connection
Back-Up Camera
The premium options & packages included with this 2017 Chrysler Pacifica Touring-L add $1,510 to its value.
Black Stow N Place Roof Rack
$0
17" Inflatable Spare Tire
$0
Inflatable Spare Tire Kit
Includes 17" inflatable spare tire.
$320
8-Passenger Seating
$495
Leather Trimmed Bucket Seats
$0
Quick Order Package 27L
Includes vehicle with standard equipment, 3.6L V6 24V VVT engine rated at 287 hp @ 6400 rpm and 262 ft. lbs. of torque @ 4000 rpm, 948TE FWD 9-speed automatic transmission.
$0
SafetyTec Group
Includes ParkSense rear park assist with stop, blind-spot monitoring and rear cross path detection.
$0
Security Group
Includes security alarm and remote start system.
$0
Uconnect 3C with 8.4 In. Display
Includes 8.4-in. touchscreen display with AM/FM radio, SiriusXM Radio, Bluetooth, Uconnect Access and navigation-capable.
$695
.Getting a break on someone is thrilling. It is exciting to gush over anybody brand new, asking yourself if you should’ll previously get the chance to date all of them. Well. the fun unless you see you almost certainly wont get the chance to date these people. Subsequently, it’s just grievous! Do you possess a crush, and you are clearly troubled some may not as into a person while into them? You could, sorry to say, keep an eye out forÂ signs he is doingn’t just like you right back.
It could sound only a little, but you, might often be able to tell easily if an individual that you are into is into your, as well. Typically, the marks could be abundantly very clear people like we. Yet if it really is someone that’s hard to read as a whole, a personÂ who happens to be a lot more introverted and noiseless, or even simply a pal you received a for a long time that you’re unsure getting translate, you can be curious what is the evidence were they are simply not that into an individual so its possible to start to get over them.
It could be discouraging to discover that they will not like you the manner in which you like these people, nevertheless it’s more straightforward to learn eventually. And it is particularly far better to find if your wanting to commit for a longer period into all of them.
The following eight clues anyone you are actually into simply doesn’t just like you down, despite what amount of you may choose them to.
1. They Don’t Pursue Communications
If you believe as you’re usually the right one creating the career or texting or general socializing, they merely are not that into a person. Time Period.
It is alluring which will make excuses for your own smash, like they aren’t so good at textingÂ or they may be simply really an in-person talker, however, the reality is, if they loved one, they’d produce time for you get a hold of we. Advance, since you will most likely not staying receiving with these people soon.
2. They Do Not Take Note Any Time You Dialogue
Anyone whoÂ loves an individual as long as you would like all of them will wait your very own every word. Are going to excited by that which you have got to declare since they are sincerely interested in you.
However, anyone whoÂ isn’t going to as you back once again will scarcely heed what you will be saying. Should you believe just like you’re wanting to chase them off simply posses a typical debate with them, right after which when you get present, they are not being aware, they aren’t the right one for your needs.
Permit this to one go, and you should before long find anyone whoÂ truly likes you.
3. They Will Not Care About A Person Dating People
In case you have purposely dropped you are internet dating other folks when in front of your own break observe the direction they respond plus they, perfectly, you shouldn’t react at all, they almost certainly do not like you the form you need them to.
An individual whoÂ likes you, also a bit more, could program some desire any time you mentioned you’re a relationship people. And a person whoÂ appreciated you plenty is unmistakably a bit bothered, making feeling, since they likely need to meeting an individual!
Whether your break isn’t going to manage involved after all about your various other matchmaking escapades, a break just about all they are going to possibly actually end up being.
4. They’ve Been Never Actual To You
If you love someone, you frequently pick very little approaches to feel alongside these people or look all of them. It may be as basic as placed next to these people during a meeting or lessons, or simply offering them a hug to state hello.
Some body whoÂ just isn’t into you’ll not contain among these little mark of devotion. They won’t make sure to create near to you, they will not be thinking about being physical along by any means, and they’re going to possibly serve a little bit of strange after you showcase real curiosity about these people.
When they don’t appear into almost any real devotion, unfortuitously, that is likely a proof they don’t just like you.
5. The Two Never Be Seemingly Offered
Does the crush never appear to be offered during the time you ask them to go out? And even worse, do they certainly not return telephone calls or texts? Can they often manage actually « busy »?
In the event that people you would like never ever appear to be offered whenever you want to perform products with their company, this really a sure evidence they just can’t stand the approach you love them.
SomeoneÂ who is into you’d come across ways to be for sale ascertain an individual, what’s best were really busy. If they are not wanting to see you, their unique « busy-ness » is likely a reason for not-being that into a person.
6. They Don’t Really Bear In Mind Points That Are Essential For Your Needs
Does indeed your very own smash never frequently keep in mind the birthday? Or, any time you inform them about a very important function just around the corner, do they disregard a look into they instantaneously?
If he or she are not able to frequently monitor the things which make a difference for you, then they undoubtedly are certainly not that into one. It likely basically don’t forget virtually precisely what is really important for them, and this refers to as you in fact like all of them. Whenever they have a crush on you, also, it mightn’t end up being a lot of work in order for them to ask you to answer towards big components of we lives now and again.
Don’t get disheartened, just go forward. There are more fishes when you look at the water!
7. They’re Dating Others
A positive indicator that a person seriously isn’t that into one is when they truly are a relationship others. Eventhough it’s correct that some body whoÂ has actually a crush for you might not merely delay pining for your needs, these people will most likely a minimum of adhere some room open if your couple need a relationship.
If they are maybe not, they likely aren’t that into a person. Particularly when they’ve not too long ago obtained into a thing big, you might like to call it quits believe which two of you could be some thing.Beyond Eyes
Developer:
Tiger & Squid
Related Links
Official website
Platforms:
Mac, PC, Xbox One
Releases:
- Digital August 11, 2015 by Tiger & Squid
Rae lost her eyesight in an accident with fireworks when she was just a toddler and the experience left her traumatized. Fearing loud noises and public places, she hardly ever leaves her house. She befriends a fat tomcat, Nani, and when he goes missing she becomes worried. You guide Rae through this unfamiliar world, focusing on smells, sounds and touch, but beware: your behavior as the player influences the way she feels and behaves.
Walkthrough for Beyond EyesStuck in Beyond Eyes, or looking for the best way to proceed? Click below to view our walkthrough for Beyond Eyes and wonder no more!
Note, these will contain spoilers.
Screenshots for Beyond Eyes » View all screenshots (27)
Videos for Beyond Eyes » View all videos
What our readers think of Beyond Eyes
There haven't been any reader that reviewed Beyond Eyes = 'Realtime 3D' AND wd.field_id_22 = 'Point-and-click' AND wd.field_id_19 = 'Solitary Exploration' ORDER BY rating DESC LIMIT 16
Game InformationFailed to find display… error
Products affected.
- i1 Display Pro
- i1 Display Pro Plus
- i1 Studio
- i1 Display Studio
We have found that with the recent Windows 10 operating system upgrades, some customers that have reported that they are receiving a “Failed to find displays…” message when attempting to profile their monitor.
While some customers have resolved their issue by updating their graphics card drivers (which is recommended after the update).
To update your graphics card drivers. Go to the graphics card manufacturer’s web site and download the latest versions of the drivers and install them and reboot the system.
Then try the X-Rite application again
If this does not help some customers have experienced the Windows 10 update disables their monitor in the systems Device Manager.
Follow these instructions to enable the monitor and resolve this issue:
- Close your X-Rite profiling application and unplug the X-Rite device.
- Open Color Management in Control Panel. You will see that there are no displays listed in the “Device:” drop down…only printers and scanners.
- Keep Color Management open and go to Device Manager in Control Panel.
- Open the “Monitors” drop down and you should see your display/displays listed with a small black arrow pointing down (disabled icon).
- Right-click on the disabled monitor and select “Enable”.
- Click “OK” to the “The Devices pages has been refreshed due to a hardware change” message.
- Close Color Management (now showing the display in “Devices:”), Device Manager, and Control Panel and reboot the computer.
- After rebooting, connect the X-Rite device and now the displays should be detected in the X-Rite application.A fast-paced battle game that’s easy to learn but challenging to master!
Fun for the Whole Family!
OBJECTIVE
Attack, Stack or Eliminate all of the other player’s dice to win!
SETUP
Roll all 6 dice. Line them up on the back row. The number on top is each die’s range.
GAME PLAY
Move or Attack on every turn. Attacking and defending die are rolled – lowest number wins the battle square!
Easy to Learn
A CHALLENGE to Master!
Younger players catch on easily and enjoy endless fun while more advanced players enjoy adding options like Obstacles and Portals, or the Chance Die. Ready for more? The Capture the Flag variation adds a whole new dimension of strategy and excitement!
Choose Your Favorite Themes
How to Play
Easy to Learn – A Challenge to Master!
Full-color illustrated instructions included with each set.
!
We hope you enjoy the game!
Keean has been deeply involved with every step of the development, from design to play balancing and sourcing to pricing, including several months of testing. But, he also appreciates the valuable help from his many friends who have enjoyed playing and testing and suggested great ideas along the way.
Jay
Designer / Dad
After that regretfully discouraging conversation about how difficult it would be to invent a new board game, Keean’s “Got it!” was met with an added measure of disbelief, however, it didn’t take long to be convinced. His game checked all the boxes Dad had to eat some humble pie. “We brainstormed all sorts of names and couldn’t believe it when ‘DiceAttack.com’ was available! It was all coming together, so went to work!”
A year later, Dice Attack is finding it’s way to families and hearts everywhere!
Thank you for your kind support! We hope you enjoy the game!
Play Balanced for Years of Fun!
Balanced Game Play
Dice Attack’s fast-paced game play keeps everyone engaged! Think you’re winning? THINK AGAIN!
Chance & Strategy
Kids tend to like chance-based games, while adults like more strategy. Dice Attack offers the flexibility for both!
Video Instructions
Watch easy-to-follow instructions on how to play AND strategies to master. Plus tons of funny bonus videos!
Fun for All Ages
Dice Attack is great for kids 8 all the way up to 88! Dice Attack also works great for 2 players all the way up to 12!
Crazy Themes!
Matching dice
- 6 Different Game Sets
- Now with Matching Custom Dice for Each Set
How about burn in Hell…..cause that’s exactly what he’s probably doing.
I realize the things I am about to say might upset some people. I’m fine with that. If you are offended by my remarks then you are probably just the type of intellectually vacant societal parasite that I have no interest in knowing anyway. I am at a crossroads in my life where I have finally decided to lay it all out there, consequences be damned. What others think is irrelevant. Political correctness just sucks us deeper into the abyss.
It’s been a rough week in the pop culture realm. I’ve always heard death happens in threes, and this week saw the passing of three entertainment icons…..Ed McMahon, Farrah Fawcett, and Michael Jackson. It is this last death that we will concentrate upon for the moment.
Michael Jackson was only 50 years old and he keeled over, apparently of a heart attack. We’ll get to the “apparently” part a bit later.
I was as surprised as anyone by his sudden death. It made me wistful for my childhood. As a child of the 1980’s Michael Jackson is a fixture burned indelibly into my memory. I can’t honestly say I was a huge fan, but I was somewhat of a fan. I bought Thriller. I liked Billie Jean, Beat It, Man in the Mirror, and some other tunes. I may have even owned one white sequined glove at some point. There is no disputing the fact that the man was a very talented entertainer.
But sometime during my night of slumber immediately following the news of Jackson’s demise, something began to seethe inside my soul. My reaction segued from nostalgia to irritation.
What I am really struggling with is the knee jerk reaction to his death, the one where everyone wants to put him up on some sort of pedestal. The masses are conveniently forgetting that this is the same man who underwent so much plastic surgery that he became unrecognizable in comparison to what he looked like naturally, was accused of child molestation multiple times, and engaged in other bizarre behaviors. Some stories, such as him sleeping in a hyperbaric chamber or buying the bones of The Elephant Man, were urban legends. However, they were rumors fed to the drive-by media by Jackson himself, ultimately making the truth not that much less peculiar. The pedophilia all by itself is enough for me to disregard the man. I am a believer in the old idiom “where there’s smoke there’s fire”, so while it is true that Michael Jackson was never convicted of a crime it seems more than likely that he engaged in atleast some nefarious activities. On top of all that the man was reportedly $400 million dollars in debt at the time of his death. Yes…you read that right…..$400 MILLION. That’s insane. How exactly does one dig a hole that deep?? Also, as alluded to earlier, the cause of death is “allegedly” a heart attack. I quotation-mark that because there are some rumblings that drugs may have been a factor. Michael Jackson had some history with substance abuse, so it is not an outlandish theory. Time will tell of course, after all the autopsy and toxicology reports have been completed. But for now we have a man being put up on a pedestal, being celebrated…..a man who not only likely violated children in some fashion, who apparently died not just broke but ridiculously in debt, but also a man who, despite a life of unimaginable fame and fortune, may have died just like a common ordinary junkie. I am aware of people in my own realm who desperately want to break their drug addiction but cannot afford the relatively small expenses incurred by enrolling in a Christian based treatment program with an enormously successful track record, so excuse me if I can’t seem to find much pity for The King of Pop, someone who could have gotten the best treatment available anywhere in the world but chose not to.
Back in 1997 Princess Diana and Mother Teresa died within days of one another. I don’t have exact statistics, but I clearly recall that the media coverage of Diana’s demise was overwhelming, lasting for several days. In comparison Mother Teresa was barely talked about. That was a watershed moment for the “mainstream” press, one that all involved should forever be ashamed of. Princess Diana, while certainly a charitable and kind humanitarian, was simply a pop culture icon. Mother Teresa was…..well…..Mother Teresa. She was literally a modern day saint. Yet the media and its complicit sheep spent endless hours practically deifying someone whose greatest achievement was marrying well. Something similar seems to be happening now.
As for Michael Jackson…..he’s dead, and I’m truly sorry for that…..sorry for his family, friends, and fans. His music will and should live on. But let’s not lose perspective, something we as a population do all too easily.Is it legal to online gamble in California?
California Online Gambling Laws and History
No laws prohibit, ban, or regulate online gambling in California. … The legal gambling age in California is 21 years of age to participate in sports betting or play in online casinos, sportsbooks, poker rooms, and bingo halls.
What kind of online gambling is legal in California?
Even though daily fantasy sports is the only legal type of online gambling in the state, there are no specific laws to legalize it. California does not allow players to bet at poker, sports betting, or casino sites. The legal gambling age on native land or casinos in California is 18.
Can you play for real money online in California?
Real Money Poker in California
There are plenty of states that have passed laws legalizing real money poker. … However, there are also no laws in place that make it illegal. So, you can actually play real money poker online in California without having to worry about running afoul of the law.
What gambling is legal in California?
Legal forms of gambling in the U.S. state of California include cardrooms, Indian casinos, the California State Lottery, parimutuel wagering on horse racing, and charitable gaming. Commercial casino-style gaming is prohibited.
Can you gamble on.
Is it illegal to use a VPN to gamble online in California?
Using such services are illegal. You’re gambling remotely in a market that’s restricted to you.
Can California residents play online poker?
Is online poker legal in California? No. Online poker is prohibited by Section 330 of the California Penal Code.
What online casinos are legal in US?
Best Legal US Online Casinos 2021
Is bovada legal.Before letting you know the process to link your UAN with your Aadhaar, let me first tell you why it is important to link your UAN with your Aadhaar right now.
Why you should link your UAN (EPF Account) with your Aadhaar right now?
Last September the Ministry of Labor and Resource Department published a Gazette regarding The Code on Social Security, 2020.
In the same Gazette, the section 142 says every Provident Fund account must be linked with Aadhar by June 1, 2021.
Failing to comply with the same may leads the employee to not able to file their Electronic Challan cum Return (ECR) of their EPF account.
The Employees’ Provident Fund Organisation also has shared a message about the same.
Dear Member, with the coming into force of the section 143 of the Code on Social Security, 2020, the ECR shall be allowed to be filed only for those members, whose Aadhar Numbers are seeded and verified with the UANs, w.e.f 01.06.2021.
Therefore, please link your Aadhaar in the UAN to avail uninterrupted services of the EPFO. Members can validate their Aadhaar with UAN through the online e-KYC facility available on the member portal, as well as in the Umang App, in view of the impending mandatory provisions.Employees’s Provident Fund Organisation
Those of you who don’t know, UAN stands for Universal Account Number which is a 12-digit unique number assigned to everyone who have an EPF account.
So, now you know why it is important to link your EPF account with your Aadhaar, let me tell you know How to do the same.
One Step to link UAN with Aadhar Online
Visit this direct link and feed your UAN, Mobile Number linked with UAN, OTP, Gender, Aadhaar Number, Aadhaar verification method, and captcha to complete the linking process.
Simple isn’t it.
So, if you found my article clear, understandable, concise, and helpful, please do subscribe us by feeding your email below in the subscription box.Thanks for stopping by my “Making Crypto Make Sense” blog today.
The below video is from CNBC titled: Crypto’s Next Big Thing: Decentralized Finance Takes On Wall Street.
Subscribe to CNBC YouTube Channel: to watch more ‘Wall Street’ to ‘Main Street’ award winning original documentaries and Reality TV series on CNBC. Experience special sneak peeks of your favorite shows, exclusive video and.Silver Stories is proudly sponsored by Alertacall, an award winning company that brings contact to life for tens of thousands of people.
Established in 2004 Alertacall was inspired by the needs of Eveline the founder’s own staunchly independent grandmother who was 86 years old.
Alertacall now provides its OKEachDay digitally enhanced daily contact service to 1,000s of people all over the UK who are older or with additional needs.
Alertacall also works with forward thinking social housing providers who use its Housing Proactive service to communicate more effectively with older people living in their properties.
Alertacall supports Silver Stories by:
- Working with its client base to identify potential listeners
- Funding outreach to schools and other organisations who may have listeners
- Funding outreach to other organisations who may have listeners
- Supporting the charity with software development
- Engaging its own people in Silver Stories related initiatives
To find out more about the OKEachDay daily contact service from Alertacall designed for independent people living on their own, visit
To find out more about Alertacall’s other services, including those for social housing providers, then visit the company’s main website atTips on Enjoy the best from Bola88 Online Gambling Site redesign their most adored PC beguilements through the comfort of their property. In any case, it is enormous to make various bits of information to accumulate the best from the electronic gambling. The focal weight that one ought to do is for the most part to edge the additional prizes offered by the web gambling club houses. This is the most fundamental push ahead for taking plainly regardless of the path that with the way wherein this actually a technique for benefitting is.
In conditions where a given gambling foundation has no prizes, odds are that sure will turn up not finishing the prominent goals in wagering. The best gambling foundations to keep running with are the ones giving more rewards. This BOLA88 will give an unparalleled picture of profiting. It is an edge that the enormous larger part will overlook at any rate picking a web gambling club. In this manner, a phenomenal number of people discover you frustrated concerning playing. To deny fundamentally being mauled, it will when all is said in done be excellently influenced that you fathoms the terms and conditions of the offered web club. This partners with an individual to know his fitting rights and in like manner hold excited towards the rules gave on the period. Different gambling houses join unpleasant stipulations that May down to earth obstructed needs or else clung to. Before you make any obviously drawn out walk, one should experience the conditions and terms and welcome them. Gambling houses giving gravely sorted out conditions should check far from.
Individuals look at a club with all the essential standard explanation on a central level being to pay. Considering, the monster bigger part expulsion to see is the techniques by which triumphant is at the present time and again pondering choices. Autonomous of the centrality inside an offered action, it is a long way from dependably given that you may win. This is the factor which requires the need to think about a watchful contributing show particular execution. A contributing may help swear off beating the record of credit repayment centers. With the help of an exact contributing system, a gamer joins a comprehensive legitimacy of verifying a key division in the issue of getting into dollars related strains.spotify users demographic
Services
As with all of my stat posts, this one will be updated whenever I stumble on new and interesting stats. Internet users listening to Spotify in the U.S. 2017-2019 Time spent on selected streaming services in the U.S. 2019 Popular online music brands among young people in … The audio streaming company is hoping to reach the range of 245M- 256M by the beginning of 2020. Spotify: 286m users / 130m subscribers. This and other digital trends are included in this year's Global Media Intelligence report. The target audience that uses Spotify is undoubtedly millennials. Be sure to subscribe to my site updates and/or check back regularly to see the latest Spotify statistics. By 2023, Spotify will have 98.8 million users, over twenty million more than the 78.5 million recorded in 2020. Users can know the exact songs people are listening to around the world, and what songs they share the most using the Musical M ap of the World 2.0. As recorded by June 2019, the number of Spotify monthly active users is around 232M. By Carrie Cummings. At the end of March 2020, Spotify had 286 million monthly active users, including 130 million premium subscribers and 156 million ad-supported (i.e. This statistic shows Spotify's U.S. demographic profile in September 2011, by annual income. Spotify currently has over 180 million active listeners. Spotify user statistics for the USA also show an evident increase in Spotify premium subscribers. Apple Music: 60m subscribers. Discovering new music and artist has never been this fun. … Jeff Rossi, the Spotify business marketing global director said… "As the largest global streaming service, we have a deep understanding of… Spotify is especially popular with Millennials, a fact touted on their Spotify for Brands microsite. Stats on Spotify users by country, reveal that there were 32.4 million North American premium subscribers in Q2 2019, marking a 26% YoY increase. Users will also be able to get personalised listening statistics free) listeners. Spotify Wrapped reveals most-streamed artists of 2020 globally. Spotify will see double-digit growth in 2018, according to eMarketer estimates. Demographics of Users On Spotify As an international, device agnostic music streaming service, Spotify’s user base is broad and diverse. They're always connected. Here’s How They Use the Service. Spotify has 232M active users. With 100 being the average of the site's customer composition index, the … Spotify User Statistics 11. In June 2019, Apple announced that there were 60 million people paying for an Apple Music subscription. Here are a few Spotify statistics I was able to dig up so far including how many people use Spotify and much more. 6. Infographic: 72% of Spotify Listeners Are Millennials. April 17, 2016 . Apple Music surpassed Spotify … Spotify User and Usage Statistics 1. We expect 58.4 million people in the US to use Spotify, which represents 20.8% of internet users. According to Spotify, 72% of users are millennials, in addition, Statista reports that 26% of Spotify users are between the ages of 18 and 24.
2020 spotify users demographicA Ukranian man with dental implants, a forked tongue, and serpent looking contact lenses has been arrested for the alleged murder of a popular tattoo artist who was found dead in a pool of blood with ‘bite marks’ on her neck.
26-year-old Andrey Gorbatyuk is being held by police for the murder of Tatyana Podvashetskaya, 27, who was found with multiple bite marks and stab wounds in her apartment in Ternopil, Ukraine.
Gorbatyuk had allegedly visited the victim on the night she died.
He was described as having “fangs in his mouth and eyes like a demon,” and “small horns” on his forehead, according to media reports citing the police appeal.
A modern American exorcist and expert of Demonology, Bob Larson has extensive experience exorcizing demons from people in Ukraine. Larson says that they believe in an ancestral demon called Domovoi;
In Ukraine, Russia, and Slavic countries I’ve encounter the Domovoi (Domovoy) demons. These creatures are believed to be household gods, deified ancestors. (Domania is the female equivalent – Jezebel!) These demons must be appeased with respect and food offerings. Treated properly, they supposedly protect the home. Disrespect brings curses of all kinds. The Domovoi also tell fortunes and warn of calamities but turn into “demons” if they aren’t honored. In that case, the family may fall prey to illness and discord. I’ve dealt with this demon, a nasty, violent spirit with deep generational roots.
Moe Bedard is the host and founder of the Cult of Demons Podcast. He is an author and expert on the occult, demonology, and Satanism.
Recent Commentstag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post5521784009395024018..comments2021-11-23T04:56:05.906-08:00Comments on Washingtons Blog: Proof that 9/11 Truthers Are DangerousUnknownnoreply@blogger.comBlogger49125tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-31436340054499972512010-03-16T00:24:18.928-07:002010-03-16T00:24:18.928-07:009/11 WAS AN INSIDE JOB SO IS THIS SO CALLED "...9/11 WAS AN INSIDE JOB<br /><br />SO IS THIS SO CALLED "WAR ON TERROR"<br /><br />THE REAL TERRORISTS ARE IN THE WHITE HOUSE!!!Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-60064644243305816682010-03-14T19:30:47.968-07:002010-03-14T19:30:47.968-07:00Everyone seems so surprised when they eventually f...Everyone seems so surprised when they eventually find out the implications of "their" governments involvement. It's comical to those who can think in a critical manner.<br /><br />Sad fact: this is how governments govern...<br /><br />Sad fact 2: out of 278,058,881 people, 2,752 deaths is regarded as a small price to pay in order to gain public support for policy.<br /><br /.<br /> <br /,<br /><br /.<br /><br />I guess MY point is this: this is not some kind of one off incident, and as horrid as it sounds these sort of incidents are a necessary act of people with power to maintain power. <br /><br /.)<br />Think about it. <br /><br />I salute you americans who have managed to see past all the BS, and woken up from your american dream to see the real world.<br /><br />Finaly I'd like to point out that none of this would be happening if we somehow managed to break free from this capitalist death trap. <br /><br />Profit is the real killer here.<br /><br />Peace.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-59007118793996660082010-03-13T08:37:47.486-08:002010-03-13T08:37:47.486-08:00From someone who saw it live that day, it was obvi...Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-79221054189024704372010-03-12T06:18:23.716-08:002010-03-12T06:18:23.716-08:00i lost my brother on 9/11 and i have alot of quest...Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-10447413993222782702010-03-11T16:13:16.365-08:002010-03-11T16:13:16.365-08:00Its this simple. ANYONE who believes the 911 commi..<br />AEfor911truth.org (Architects & Engineers)<br />Scholarsfor911truth.org<br />and coming soon<br />Scientistsfor911truth.org.<br /><br />That should sum it upAnonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-88487594484406833092010-03-11T00:50:09.921-08:002010-03-11T00:50:09.921-08:00Count me on the list, and I am as scary as a feroc...Count me on the list, and I am as scary as a ferocious bunny rabbit.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-49859151955974116712010-03-10T11:10:53.209-08:002010-03-10T11:10:53.209-08:00Thanks Bob for the update. What are you doing to ...Thanks Bob for the update. What are you doing to expose this, except forwarding this info to everyone you know.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-2782378956919053082010-03-10T11:01:02.429-08:002010-03-10T11:01:02.429-08:00OMG !!!! I just looked in the mirror, and scared ...OMG !!!! I just looked in the mirror, and scared the hell out of myself!!! I must be a real danger to the establishment! Oooooooo-- should I call the FBI on myself?Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-11983522919398922072010-03-10T08:12:02.992-08:002010-03-10T08:12:02.992-08:00Don't forget the 9/11 dancing Israelis who GOT...Don't forget the 9/11 dancing Israelis who GOT ON TV AND SAID, "WE WERE THERE TO DOCUMENT THE EVENT".<br /><br />Those 5 Israelis need to be arrested and brought to the US for a trial. They OBVIOUSLY had prior knowledge.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-38695243724285148512010-03-10T07:54:15.402-08:002010-03-10T07:54:15.402-08:00"None are so blind,as they, who WILL NOT see&..."None are so blind,as they, who WILL NOT see"! <br /><br /. <br /><br />Only this time the "expansion" is simply that of natural resources. <br /><br /. <br /><br />Probably WWIII will do the trick.UNDERGROUNDnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-76359849163526042762010-03-10T06:56:12.103-08:002010-03-10T06:56:12.103-08:00What are the chances that the MSM will cober this ...What are the chances that the MSM will cober this headline?<br /><br />"Iraq War Veteran calls for Suspending the Pledge!"<br /><br /><br /><br />Any help spreading the word will be greatly appreciated. We have a limited window of opportunity to wake up America in time to avoid the collapse our controllers have planned for us.<br /><br />Daniel Edd Bland III<br /> Edd Bland III the person that wants specifics on who made mon...To the person that wants specifics on who made money. I'm gonna start here..<br /.<br />]<br /><br />Corporate Profiteering in the Wake of 9/11/01.<br /. <br />Berkshire Hathaway<br />year sales profits<br />2000 24,028 1,557<br />2001 33,976 3,328<br />2002 37,668 795<br />2003 42,353 4,286<br />AIG<br />year sales profits<br />2000 40,656 5,055<br />2001 45,972 5,636<br />2002 62,402 5,499<br />2003 69,923 5,518<br />[Sales and profits are in millions of dollars.] <br /><br /.<br /. <br /><br />company 2001 2002 2003<br />Lockheed Martin 14.7 17.0 21.9<br />Boeing 13.3 16.6 17.3<br />Northrop Grumman 5.2 8.7 11.1<br />General Dynamics 4.7 7.0 8.2<br />Raytheon 5.6 7.0 7.9<br />totals 43.5 56.3 66.4<br /><br />I would guess that that would be a great place for you to start when it comes to trying to follow the money. You know what they say, you want the "Truth"? Follow the money.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-64101350462199081852010-03-10T00:17:54.731-08:002010-03-10T00:17:54.731-08:00I have started to wonder, are the powers that be j..?Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-25024239742297934532010-03-09T17:08:28.855-08:002010-03-09T17:08:28.855-08:00The only nut jobs in this world are those who don&...The only nut jobs in this world are those who don't care about truth.<br /><br /.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-79201427237361031622010-03-09T16:46:57.781-08:002010-03-09T16:46:57.781-08:00Beware the military industrial complex.Beware the military industrial complex.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-37447793978010697212010-03-09T12:43:28.315-08:002010-03-09T12:43:28.315-08:00The 9/11 Truthers *are* dangerous... because they ...The 9/11 Truthers *are* dangerous... because they threaten to expose the people and organizations that are *really* running this country: Big Banking, Big Business, Big Government.<br /><br />Pay no attention to that man behind the curtain.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-40841299416723948722010-03-09T10:57:33.979-08:002010-03-09T10:57:33.979-08:00Reply to:"Someone please tell me what 9-11 ac...Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-40647644384069755192010-03-09T10:01:11.406-08:002010-03-09T10:01:11.406-08:00Hmm, maybe its time to start owning the word "...Hmm, maybe its time to start owning the word "Truther" like the first American's owned the word Yankee.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-82279852951291735822010-03-09T09:34:58.222-08:002010-03-09T09:34:58.222-08:00it's quite simple, really. Either Obama calls ...it's quite simple, really. Either Obama calls for a new investigation by INDEPENDENT parties, or we impeach him. Beyond that we bring him up on chargs of high treason.<br /><br />TODAY. NOT TOMORROW. TODAY. <br /><br />Any Congressmen or Senator who do not agree, also impeach or bring up on charges.<br /><br />We start with the 9/11 commission, except for the honorable Max Cleland, who deserves credit for calling BS on the whole thing..... <br /><br /><br />What happened to the rule of law in this country?<br />Are we not strong enough to stand up for our own liberties???? If not your self, do it for your children.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-8609993778126982392010-03-09T09:22:36.193-08:002010-03-09T09:22:36.193-08:00michael cooper is another lost individual of Ameri...michael cooper is another lost individual of America who thinks all threats to the American Dream are from external sources. <br /><br /. <br /><br />At least there are a few news sources (like RT) interviewing actual people, Americans and otherwise, that understand and know the dangers the American people are in. <br /><br /.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-40607351187788139272010-03-09T09:04:39.319-08:002010-03-09T09:04:39.319-08:00Someone please tell me what 9-11 accomplished. Ira..).Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-11061077770904875872010-03-09T02:44:50.226-08:002010-03-09T02:44:50.226-08:00I've listened to Alex for 5 years straight day...I've listened to Alex for 5 years straight day in and day out so this is not an Alex slam but rather a critical thinking session Jack. An observation.<br /><br />I'm being honest when I ask the following question to those who have learned over the past nine years to think deeply. Some of us were even taught by Alex Jones himself to practice critical thinking.<br /><br />Does anyone besides myself find it strange that infowars is posting more and more stories from "Russia Today" ?<br /><br />Think long and hard about what is happening around us.<br /><br />The first thought that came to my mind when Hal Turner was arrested was, "What better way to cover Alex Jones, than for the FBI (NSA) to have someone as extreme as Hal Turner out there?"<br /> <br />Turner makes Jones look like a NWO worshiper with his fake murder rants.<br /><br />Are you being set up as you spread news stories from "Russia Today"<br /><br />"The best way to control a movement is to lead it." - Lenin<br /><br />The picture of Hal Turner smoking a fat cigar not looking very worried in my opinion. He had a smirk on his face in that recent infowars story.<br /><br />Are you being linked as Russian sympathizers when you spread Russia Today articles everywhere?<br /><br />Are we gonna suddenly hear Beck one day say, "Look at these 9/11 nuts spreading news from a Russian website..." Think people!<br /><br />Or, is this rather, a stupid move by critical thinker Alex Jones?<br /><br />I'm not saying what I'm thinking is true, but make no mistake, I am thinking.<br /><br />I found the following info by simply going to RT's news site and wikipedia<br /><br /.<br /><br />State owned Jack....?????<br /><br />It's non-profit because it is state owned by --“TV-Novosti”.<br /> <br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Our web site, [rt.com], is an internet service published by the Autonomous Non-Profit Organisation (ANO) “TV-Novosti”.<br /><br />Are you retarded Alex or is there something else going on here? I we are being set up.....If we found out you are a Hal Turner Alex...well you know what to expect don't you?<br /><br />Thanks for your timeAnonymous IS AN INSIDE JOB911 IS AN INSIDE JOBAnonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-78404806036299474252010-03-09T00:42:23.678-08:002010-03-09T00:42:23.678-08:00Its sad when men write these articles and leave ou... <br /><br />Its amazing to watch the internet groupies turning into the same type as the corporate elites. And that's the way its always been, never any real change. I doubt the 911 truth movement will survive; not in our time at least.Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comtag:blogger.com,1999:blog-53246864840716464.post-50685818870686364212010-03-08T22:30:14.591-08:002010-03-08T22:30:14.591-08:00Wouldn't it be possible for those who know bet..? <br /><br /Anonymousnoreply@blogger.comKakinoha-zushi of Nara Meihinkan is located 200 meters east of JR Nara Station on Sanjodori street. Although the signboard of Sohonke Hiraso stands out from the outside, once you enter the store, you will notice that in addition to Hiraso’s Kakinoha-zushi, Nara’s traditional specialties, natural and healthy food, local famous Sake, and other various things are displayed for sale in the store.Deposit & Play £10+, Get £50 of Free Bingo OR 50 Free Spins on Double Bubble
*
Last update: 29th October 2021
Double Bubble Bingo is a new bingo site from Gamesys, themed on the much loved Double Bubble slot and featuring the brand new bingo game Bubble Up Bingo!
Double Bubble Bingo is basically a replacement for Heart Bingo (which has moved to different software after the contract for Gamesys to run it ended). It has the same bingo rooms as Heart Bingo used to have and if you had an account at Heart when it was a Gamesys bingo site, you can go ahead and log in with your Heart credentials.
Some of the rooms are networked across all Gamesys sites with bingo and they are:
There are plenty of exclusives too:
Lovers of Double Bubble will find many other Double Bubble games to explore. As well as the other slots in the series – Double Bubble Jackpot, Double Bubble Triple Jackpot, Double Bubble Megaways and Bouncy Bubbles – there’s the Poppin’ Bubbles instant win game and the free daily game Doubly Bubbly, in which players try to collect sets of symbols over the course of a week to win cash or free spins. If you think that’s too much Double Bubble, there’s three other free daily games to choose from.
The selection of slot games at Double Bubble Bingo is not quite as large as at some other sites but it’s really well curated, with lots of evergreen classics (from Immortal Romance to Bonanza and many more) as well as many Gamesys originals such as Secrets of the Phoenix and the Tiki Island series. There’s also a selection of instant win games and a live casino featuring Mega Ball, Gonzo’s Treasure Hunt and other bangers from Evolution.
What’s REALLY great about the slots at Double Bubble Bingo, though, is that there’s a slots chat room. So if you like to chat while you play bingo, here you can do it with slots as well. And that’s not all – they run some truly amazing chat games including interactive skill and quiz games that run in a small window just above the rest of the chat.
The other really great thing about Double Bubble Bingo and indeed all Gamesys sites is the quality of the player promotions. Expect there to be lots of prize draws, with tangible prizes, reward points or Box Bonanza games to be won (a Box Bonanza is a pick-me game where you will almost always win a cash prize). Gamesys prize draw promotions often involve a draw every day; you enter by opting in and playing a specified amount on a specified game and they are usually limited to one entry per player to make it fair for everyone.
When it comes to community and sheer entertainment value (as well as usability across all devices), you can’t beat a Gamesys site, and Double Bubble Bingo certainly looks to be a good one!
There’s a massive Responsible Gaming section in the Help and FAQ area of the site and much the same content, slightly differently presented and made super easy to navigate on a mobile device, is linked from the top of every page. There’s comprehensive instructions on how to use all the tools and direct links to set limits. Everything is very clearly explained and there’s lots of advice and useful external links.
4 thoughts on “Double Bubble Bingo”
Do I get a bonus after depositing 10
You will need to play through your £10 and then claim the free bingo tickets or spins, whichever you selected when you made the deposit
Can I pay with paysafe
Debit card is the only payment method available at Double Bubble BingoThis community is no longer available
Nearby Similar Communities
John's Lake Landing - Cottage Series
by David Weekley Homes
by David Weekley Homes
Homes from $333,999
Oakland Park - Courtyard Series
by David Weekley Homes
Homes from $423,990
CLOSED OUT
More About this Builder
Laureate Park at Lake Nona – Townhome Series