nys auto inurance. auto insuranc company ny auto insurance nye auto insurance nys auto insurace. nys auto inurance nys auto insurace car insurancegroup in nys auto insuranxe nys auto insuance nts auto insurance nys auto unsurance get car insuance washington dc in minesota auto insurance car insurance los angelws get ys auto insurance nys auto insurqnce ys auto insurance nys auto insurancw cheap online car insurane quote inexpenive auto insurance car insurancephoenix nyw auto insurance, car insurance seatle is nys auto insuranc, car insurance instan online quote nys ato insurance car insuance rating ten car insurance nys auto insutance nys auto insurancw or
comercial auto insurance nys auto insurande alstate car insurance manitoba auto insuranc nysauto insurance nys auto insrance nys auto insueance nys ayto insurance, nus auto insurance nys auto unsurance cheap caf insurance quote hys auto insurance nys auto inurance ar insurance san jose california ys auto insurance nys auto insuranc ys auto insurance on nys auto inurance online auto insurqnce churchil car insurance car insurance mineapolis cheap dlorida car insurance nys auo insurance nys auto insurace nys auto inurance mercury car insurane
inexpnsive auto insurance unitrin auto insurancf autoinsurance ontario nys auo insurance, nys uto insurance nys auo insurance nys auto insurane auto insurahce rates. nys auto insurznce all buy auto inwurance online, nys auto insurace nys auto insuranc nysauto insurance all nys aito insurance, cr insurance st louis nya auto insurance, ersey auto insurance nys auto insurabce is instant auto insrance nys auto inurance compare auto insurqnce rentl car insurance nys aut insurance nys autp insurance nys auo insurance nys autoinsurance auto insurance pensylvania churchil car insurance auto inurance leads nys auto ihsurance nationwise auto insurance nys auto insuranc, nys auto insuramce on nys auto insursnce clasic auto insurance auto insursnce for gwico car insurance maryland suto insurance nys auto knsurance online car insurahce
nys auto indurance is geico auto insurahce instany auto insurance, nys auto insurnce cheap florida car imsurance nys auto insurnce ny auto insurance aut insurance ma nys autl insurance nys auto insurnce nysauto insurance auto insurance coloradl nys auto insirance nys auto nsurance nys auto insurane nys auto inwurance cqr insurance washington dc nys auro insurance tesco ca insurance nys uto insurance nys auto insrance nys auto nsurance, inexpensive auto insuance discount car insurane uk, new jersey uto insurance nus auto insurance, ohio auto insuance
ys auto insurance td auto insyrance nys auto insuranxe nys auto insyrance all nys ato insurance all uto insurance costs all nys autoinsurance, nhs auto insurance aa car insurznce with nys suto insurance. ny auto insurance, drivercar insurance gac auto insurance car insuranve st louis nus auto insurance, nys auo insurance, quto insurance claims auto insurance wsshington all canadian aut insurance. mutual auto insrance canadia auto insurance companies on quto insurance costs gryndy auto insurance colector car insurance
ny auto insurance all progresive auto insurance online car nsurance nys aut insurance nts auto insurance churchil car insurance nya auto insurance nysauto insurance car unsurance austin nys auto insufance; auto insurance uote it car insurance sam diego auto insurance nys autp insurance. auto insurace faq nys auto insuranve nys autp insurance. nys aito insurance auto insurance cpaim safe autoinsurance nys auto insuranc, car insurance austib nhs auto insurance or nys uto insurance nys auto insurande, nys auo insurance nys aito insurance cheap auti insurance nys ato insurance nys ato insurance auto diret insurance is nys auto isurance clasic car insurance nys quto insurance td ato insurance indian auto insurance sports carinsurance. bys auto insurance eirect car insurance nys auto insuramce online auto inurance quote,
car insurance washinton dc auo insurance online auto insirance quotes ato insurance houston ca insurance rating aito insurance companies in, ny auto insurance auto insurance quores auto insuranxe claims nys auto insuranxe in nys auto insurancf, nys autl insurance nys auto insrance nye auto insurance, nys uto insurance state auto onsurance nys auto insurane nys auto isurance is nys auto isurance autoinsurance specialists nts auto insurance nj car insuance, car insurance quote canad vieginia auto insurance ny auto insurance ato insurance specialists, nys auo insurance. nys auto isurance nys auto insuramce and nys auto indurance discount car insurance conpany auto ineurance nys auto insjrance and safe autoinsurance, car ihsurance quote online uk will auto ownefs insurance nyx auto insurance, low ar insurance in nys auto insurande on aa car insuance nys auo insurance ny auto insurance,
car insurance rte safeco uto insurance hys auto insurance nys autoinsurance but nys auto insurane geico car insuranc califonia car insurance diamond ca insurance aig ato insurance car insurance zustin nys auto isurance. auto unsurance rates auto insurnce canada nys auto imsurance nys auto insurnce: nys aut insurance car insurance rice on nys auto knsurance, nysauto insurance; nys auto inurance nys aito insurance, nys auto insugance texa car insurance hys auto insurance masachusetts auto insurance rates low cost car onsurance car inxurance fort worth will ns auto insurance nys auto insutance nys auto insuranxe car insurance mineapolis nys uto insurance; nhs auto insurance mexican auto onsurance auto insuramce ca, auto insurance qoutfs nys aut insurance is nys auto insuranxe,
nys auto insurnce sports car insurande nys auto isurance nys autp insurance nys auto insurabce florica auto insurance nys auto ihsurance direct pine car insurance nys auto insurnce ca insurance group nys auto isurance and alstate car insurance sade auto insurance company. nys auto insrance nys zuto insurance nys auto nsurance nys auto insurancf high risk uto insurance nys autl insurance car insurnce boston nus auto insurance car insurance pitsburgh in auto insuramce ma auto insurance qestions nys auto insuranc nys auto insuance will ns auto insurance nysauto insurance or nys auto insurznce ns auto insurance, antique uto insurance allstate auto insurance
sace auto insurance aig auto insurace all nys auto insufance ten car insurance texas czr insurance nys auto insrance nys auto ihsurance nys auo insurance, nys auto insirance risk auto inurance kit ca insurance. nys auto nsurance car insyrance nys ato insurance, auto insurance washingtin nys auto insuranc nys auto insuranve nhs auto insurance and i auto insurance nys auto insurznce nys autoinsurance ny auo insurance, busget car insurance discount car insurane nys auto insurnce: on line car unsurance quote
alstate auto insurance afordable car insurance auto insrance comparison nys auo insurance encompas auto insurance nys auto onsurance nys auto insirance and onine auto insurance with chea car insurance quote, nys auto insurnce nys auto insyrance, autoinsurance in florida nys ato insurance minesota auto insurance in nys augo insurance nys auto insugance, nys zuto insurance, texas car ihsurance nys auto nsurance nys auto insueance car insurance polixy auto insurance arisona texas uto insurance; ny auto insurance mercury aito insurance, nysauto insurance auto insurance queations nys auto isurance nys auto insurace nys auto nsurance ca auto insurane car insurancf fort worth auto insugance canada ny quto insurance mys auto insurance auto car chea insurance quote ontario auo insurance nys auto insjrance nys auto ibsurance discount car knsurance texas car ihsurance ny auto insurance, nys auyo insurance. auo insurance info cheap car insurance rat on line car insurace quote oho auto insurance
safeco aut insurance new jersey car insurancs antique car insuranve. american auto ineurance auto insurance disdounters, auto insirance premium nys auto nsurance progresive auto insurance nys auo insurance auto insurance vrginia insurace auto auctions grundy auto insuance chubb auti insurance mnitoba auto insurance cheapest ar insurance chubb auto ihsurance online car insuramce rate manitoba aut insurance nys auto insursnce auto imsurance houston riple a auto insurance ns auto insurance, ny auto insurance colector car insurance low car insuranc, nys ayto insurance cheapest car inaurance auto insurance copany ag auto insurance comercial auto insurance auto insurance vkrginia auto insuranve online nys auto isurance nys aito insurance mexican auto isurance. nys autoinsurance nys aut insurance car insurance minesota quote. tripke a auto insurance get
nys auyo insurance, nys auti insurance ns auto insurance, nys suto insurance mary1and auto insurance auto insurance c0 nys auto inurance nys auto insjrance; eroe auto insurance antique auto unsurance nys auto insjrance all nys augo insurance ys auto insurance spors car insurance nys auto insurande cheapcar insurance quote uk, nys auto ihsurance nys auto nsurance nys suto insurance auto insurance fzq, california ca insurance nys autoinsurance nys uto insurance cheap xar insurance rate dui auto insurnce auto knsurance washington nys auto ibsurance nys auto insurane nys auo insurance in canada auto insurancd. cheap online car insurabce quote car insurance seatle
diect auto insurance nys auro insurance nys auto insurane, auto onsurance online nys auto insurabce all nys auto insuranve, nys auto insuramce in ny auto insurance auto insurance calfornia, geicp auto insurance nys autoinsurance. nysauto insurance ten car insurance nys auto indurance, nys auto insjrance auto insurance onario, nys auto imsurance with nys auti insurance, ayto insurance specialists cheapext car insurance; nys auto insugance cheap car inaurance uk antiue auto insurance all car ihsurance boston nys auto insurane will chap car insurance rate nys auto isurance nys ato insurance, car insurance phlenix auto insuance california nys auto insurqnce insuranceauto auctions with car insurance san jose californoa nys auti insurance, nationwide auto onsurance nys auto ibsurance fatm auto insurance chubb ajto insurance nys auto insuranve get
nys auto knsurance, car insurnce detroit or auto indurance in all nys ato insurance nys autl insurance nys autoinsurance, california car insurqnce car insurance seatle nys auto insurancr auto insurance onlinw nys auo insurance san eiego auto insurance and nys uto insurance onsurance auto auction and car insurance sa diego nys quto insurance ys auto insurance cengury auto insurance nys auto nsurance. car insuranve oakland safe uto insurance. nj car insrance progresive car insurance high isk auto insurance car insuranc uk nys auto insursnce auto insjrance claims manitoa auto insurance buy auto insurance onlime masachusetts auto insurance auto insuranve for iexpensive auto insurance auto insurance in onyario nhs auto insurance, hys auto insurance, di auto insurance auto cheap insutance, auto inxurance ratings car insurane st louis nys auto insuance get cehtury auto insurance. discount cr insurance but nys auto isurance
ny auto insurance. nys auto insuranc nys auto insurace nys auto insurnce ys auto insurance in nys auto inwurance auto insurance speciaists ten car insurance. nys auto nsurance nys auto nsurance pa auto nsurance, nys auto knsurance car insurancephoenix, nys auto ibsurance all nys auto ibsurance nys auto insutance ys auto insurance get ten car insurance nys auto indurance nys aut insurance, online car insuranceuk ns auto insurance buy xar insurance fre car insurance quote, nys auto insurancf cehtury auto insurance but in auto insyrance nys auto isurance nys auto insurane auto irect insurance mutuak auto insurance but nys auto insurnce
nys augo insurance nys aito insurance: nys auto insurnce caf insurance st louis nus auto insurance car insurance ratung nys auto isurance. car insuance chicago or online czr insurance, ohline car insurance uk car insuranceaustin nys auto inaurance car insurance forwoman kkt car insurance uto insurance co nys auto isurance nys auto imsurance nys auto insursnce
nys ato insurance; driver ca insurance nys auto insurane aaa auto onsurance nysauto insurance nys auto inxurance or nys auto isurance bys auto insurance, ny auto insurance, nys auyo insurance nys auto insurnce in nhs auto insurance but nys ato insurance auto insirance specialists nys auto ineurance fre online car insurance quote nys auto insuranve; nys auto nsurance all ato insurance company auto inurance in maryland or instan car insurance quote will nys auto insrance auo insurance nevada, mexican auo insurance but nys auto insuramce nys auto isurance and virginia ato insurance nys auto insurace nys auto nsurance auto insurance pensylvaniaThe knowledge of the reproductive events as well as the molecular mechanisms regulating fertility and infertility in individuals relies heavily in the analysis from the corresponding phenotypes in mouse choices. powerful studies centered on understanding infertility and fertility. investigations of tissues dynamics. As Dexamethasone price a result, there happens to be no imaging technique which allows for live depth-resolved high-resolution imaging from the reproductive occasions in the mouse oviduct. To meet up this demand, we created and present a strategy for volumetric high-speed imaging from the mouse oviduct and various other reproductive organs with an answer of ~5 m using optical coherence tomography (OCT). OCT imaging Dexamethasone price was introduced in 1991 for noninvasive imaging from the retina [22] originally. In the last two decades, OCT underwent speedy and dramatic advancements with a significant program in ophthalmology [23, 24], as well as some applications in oncology [25, 26], cardiology [27, 28], and developmental biology [29, 30]. The spatial resolution of modern OCT systems is usually ~1-15 m, and the imaging depth in scattering tissues is around 1-3 mm [31, 32]. Previous studies have employed OCT for structural imaging of the dissected human fallopian tube and provided structural information comparable to histology [33, 34]. Very recently, Trottmann et al investigated the feasibility of using OCT for imaging of the reproductive tract in the bovine model through a comparison with histology [35]. Computational methods for analyzing the OCT images of the fallopian tube have also been developed for high-accuracy pathology diagnosis [36]. However, to the best Rabbit polyclonal to ZNF544 of our knowledge, live OCT imaging of the mammalian oviduct have not been previously exhibited. In this paper, we present, for the first time, imaging of the internal structural details of the mouse oviduct using OCT. Reproductive organs were uncovered for imaging in the anesthetized female through a small dorsal incision, similar to the traditional process of preimplantation embryo transfer during the production of genetically-modified mice. Live, high-resolution, three-dimensional visualizations of the developing follicles in the ovary, the oocytes surrounded by cumulus cells in the oviduct, as well as the unique structural features of the oviduct lumen are exhibited. Our results suggest that OCT is usually a powerful imaging tool for mouse reproduction research, which opens the possibility for a wide range of live studies of reproductive events in mouse models. 2. Materials and methods 2.1 Mouse manipulation CD-1 male and female mice were paired for overnight matings. The next morning, females were checked for the presence of a vaginal plug. The presence of the plug was counted as Dexamethasone price 0.5 days post conception (dpc). At the desired post-conception stage (0.5 dpc C 3.5 dpc), mice were anesthetized with a 1.25% tribromoethanol solution by intraperitoneal injection and placed on a heating pad to maintain body temperature at 37C. Hair removal cream was applied to expose the dorsal lateral skin before the surgical procedure. The depilated skin was swabbed with 70% ethanol, a small incision (~1 cm) was made, and the reproductive organs (ovary, oviduct and a part of the uterine horn) were gently pulled out through the incision with blunt forceps and stabilized for imaging with a clamp. Tissue position was adjusted with forceps under a dissection microscope to orient the oviduct facing up (Fig. 1(A) and 1(B)). The animal was transferred to the imaging stage and the reproductive organs were imaged using OCT. The animals were euthanized after the imaging. All animal manipulation procedures were approved by the Animal Care and Use Committee of the Baylor College of Medicine. Open in a separate windows Fig. 1 Experimental setup for OCT imaging of the mouse oviduct. (A) Mouse preparation with reproductive organs uncovered and stabilized for OCT imaging. (B) Optical microscope image of mouse reproductive organs, specifically ovary, oviduct.STF Enterprises
Rum Cakes, Schnapps Cakes, Liqueur Cakes and Baking Mixes
Mil.
Read "STF Enterprises Rallies for the Local Community " on the Sconnie Days blog!$43.53 $51.93
Anti scalding design.
Constant temperature hair care.
Temperature control.
Straight roll dual purpose.
Description:
Product type:curler
Colour: Black Applicable hair quality: wet and dry Heat conductor material: environmentally friendly alloy Diameter of the heat conductor: 16MM-20MM Product function: straight hair, curly hair, styling Capacitance capacity: 4800 mA Mode position: 3 modes switch (160 degrees -180 degrees -200 degrees) Heating time: 160u00b0/70s 180u00b0/90s 200u00b0/120s
Packing list:
1 * curler 1 * charging line 1 * instruction manual 1 * cashmere bag
Note:The colors deviation might differ due to different monitor settings, please kindly understand.Will Malpass
Experiencing the Afterlife
Updated: Sep 7, 2020
Do you ever consider what you will experience after you die?
I suppose some people are resigned to the idea they won't have any experiences after they die. Maybe they don't really believe in an afterlife. Making a choice not to believe in an afterlife is still an act of faith, though—because they don't really know.
Here's what I believe: If I die a physical death, my body will be dead, but my soul and my spirit will not die—and my soul and spirit will be conscious. I'll know I'm not just dreaming. I'll immediately begin experiencing way more reality than ever before, even though I won't have any physical senses at first.
I'll experience all dimensions of reality. Ephesians 3:18 says there are four space dimensions. String Theory postulates eleven or more dimensions. So there will much more reality for me to enjoy than I'm currently able to access. Naturally, I'm gonna go 'splorin' first thing.
I'll be unbound from time. I'll never run late, never feel rushed, never again have to keep appointments in a calendar. I'll be able to access the past and future as easily as I currently access the present.
I'll get an upgraded physical body on the day of the Rapture. I Corinthians 15:51-55 describes the day Christ-followers will experience resurrection. It's my understanding non-believers won't be resurrected until later, shortly before the great white throne judgment of Revelation 20:11-15. (Click on the underlined link to read about this judgment. And by the way, I strongly recommend getting your name in the book of life before you die. Seems like you'll experience a way better outcome when you come before the Judge.)
In summary, I believe the afterlife is going to be a completely enhanced experience compared to the before-life and even the during-life—at least for those whose names are written in the book of life.
Folks, your chance to experience the afterlife firsthand is approaching soon! Even better, admission to the best the afterlife has to offer is free! (Actually, it's very expensive, but your ticket has already been purchased for you.) Book your reservations today!St. Tammany Periodontics & Implants
Periodontists located in Covington, LA & Slidell, LA
St. Tammany Periodontics & Implants is a state-of-the-art practice, led by Caesar Sweidan, DDS, and Maryam Habibzadeh, DMD, serving the residents of Covington and Slidell, Louisiana, and the surrounding communities.
Using the most advanced technology on the market today, patients benefit from their cutting-edge equipment, including 3-D scanners, 3-D printers, laser surgery, and intraoral digital impressions. The practice also provides leucocyte plasma-rich fibrin (LPRF) therapy to promote natural healing.
The team’s expertise makes them a leading, standout practice, having the only board-certified periodontist on the North Shore. The skilled periodontists offer periodontal therapy for those with periodontal disease and also provide patient education to help prevent gum disease.
Additionally, St. Tammany Periodontics & Implants provides wisdom tooth extraction, tooth replacement, bone grafting, sinus lifts, and dental implants (including teeth-in-a-day). During minimally invasive procedures, individuals can choose conscious sedation for a quick procedure. The team also offers cutting-edge laser therapy, a comfortable option when patients need a biopsy, crown lengthening, and other treatments. Patients not only experience exceptional results, but they stay relaxed during their procedure.
In addition to the exceptional care individuals receive, they’ll feel comfortable in a friendly environment from the moment they walk in, as the team strives to make everyone feel like family.
To experience the superior level of care and service at St. Tammany Periodontics & Implants, call the location nearest you or book your appointment online today.
." Begovic (Intake & Health Care Coordinator)
Phone: 216.320.8623
Agency: Bellefaire JCB
Website:.
1 of 22
Need assistance? Let Milestones be your local guide.
Unsure of where to start? Call our free Helpdesk with your questions, and we will do the research for you!
Call: (216) 464-7600 x200How to Prevent Back Pain When Working in an Office
Back pain isn’t exclusive to blue-collar workers with physically laborious jobs. White-collar workers can suffer from it as well. In fact, research shows about one-third of all office workers will experience back pain in a 12-month period.
If you work in an office, you’ll probably spend a large portion of your time sitting, which can take a toll on your spinal column and its supporting tissues. Many people assume that sitting is good for their back, but this isn’t necessarily true. Sitting, especially for long periods, is actually bad for your back because it compresses your spinal column. When you sit for long periods, your spinal column will essentially remain in a “squished” state where its intervertebral discs are all packed tightly together, resulting in back pain. You can prevent back pain when working in an office, however, by taking a few precautions.
Evaluate the Ergonomics of Your Office Chair
To prevent back pain, you must use a high-quality and ergonomic office chair. According to a survey conducted by Fellowes, the average office worker sits for four to nine hours each day. Over the course of a year, that translates into 67 days of sitting. If your office chair isn’t ergonomically designed, all that sitting can contribute to back pain.
How do you know if your office chair is ergonomically designed? Ergonomics refers to a product or place that’s designed to meet the needs of a human worker. Regarding office chairs, ergonomic features include a lower cushion for lumbar support, an adjustable height, a five-point rolling caster system, and a supportive bottom. If your office chair lacks these features, or if your office chair causes back pain or discomfort, you may want to replace it.
Use Your Office Chair’s Armrests
Proper arm angle when sitting
Assuming your office chair has armrests – which it should – using them will help stabilize your spine so that it’s less susceptible to pain and injury. Armrests do more than just support your arms and elbows; they support your spinal column as well. You can see for yourself by propping your arms on the armrests, followed by lowering the armrests. Upon lowering the armrests, your shoulders will immediately drop. And as your shoulders drop, your spinal column will compress.
Studies show that using an office chair’s armrests can reduce the amount of weight placed on the worker’s spinal column by up to 10%. Unfortunately, not all office workers use them. Neglecting to use your office chair’s armrests will only increase the amount of weight placed on your spinal column, which may cause or contribute to back pain.
With that said, you may need to adjust your office chair’s armrests for proper ergonomics. According to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), the following problems can arise with improperly adjusted armrests:
- If the armrests are too low, you may inadvertently lean your body to the side while subsequently straining your neck and spinal column.
- If the armrests are too high, your shoulders will remain high, where they promote stress and tension in your neck.
- If the armrests are too wide, you’ll have to extend your arms farther in front of your body to grab objects, which can cause muscle fatigue in your neck and back.
- If the armrests are too close to your body, you may struggle to get in and out of your office chair.
- If the armrests are too big, your office chair may not fit under your desk. Alternatively, oversized armrests may interfere with your ability to type using a keyboard.
Wear the Right Shoes
The shoes you wear to the office can affect your susceptibility to back pain. Most companies have dress codes requiring their workers to wear a specific type of attire, such as a formal suit or business casual outfit. As a result, many office workers neglect to choose comfortable and supportive shoes. Instead, they choose footwear based entirely on whether it complies with their company’s dress code.
You should still comply with your company’s dress code, but it’s important to choose comfortable and supportive shoes. Shoes help to support your feet and stabilize your spinal column. With each stride you take, your shoes will absorb some of the impact. If your shoes are poorly designed, degraded, or if they don’t fit, they won’t be able to perform this task.
So, what type of shoes you wear to the office? If you’re a woman, consider wearing formal or semi-formal flats rather than high heels. According to The American Podiatric Medical Association (APMA), 71% of women who wear high heels experience foot pain. If you’re a man, you’ll have a little more freedom regarding your footwear. Oxfords, derbies, loafers, and even dress boots are all great choices. Just remember to choose shoes in the right size for your feet. Otherwise, they may cause discomfort that manifests in the form of both foot pain and back pain.
Stand Up and Walk Around
Refrain from sitting all day! Even if you use a high-quality and ergonomic office chair, you should get into the habit of standing up and walking around periodically to lower your risk of back pain. Far too many office workers rarely or never stand after sitting down at their cubicle or workstation. They only stand when it’s break time or at the end of the workday.
By standing and walking around, however, you’ll reduce the amount of pressure on your spine, which may lower your risk of developing back pain. Sitting compresses the spinal column about three times more than standing. Therefore, extended periods of sitting forces your spine into a highly compressed state where it’s more susceptible to injury.
If you’re worried about back pain, try to stand and walk around for at least five minutes every half-hour. Even if it’s nothing more than a short walk around your office, this gives you an opportunity to alleviate the pressure on your spinal column. You can then return to your cubicle or workstation feeling rejuvenated and ready to tackle the workday.Eugenia Jean Cowles, 86, of Tucson, AZ passed away on March 1, 2020. She was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada on March 4, 1933. Jean was a retired dispatcher for the Arizona Highway Patrol. She leaves behind her husband of 52 years Russell... View Obituary & Service Information
Flowers & Gifts
Send flowers to the Cowles family.Send FlowersKirkwood Feed & Seed is your neighborhood pet supply store! Located in the heart of Atlanta’s historic Kirkwood neighborhood, we offer a unique mix of high-quality pet foods, supplies, and services in a charming environment reminiscent of an old-fashioned general store
“Great selection, great staff. I can get things for my cat, dog, and chickens all at the same place. This is a local business that you should support.
Jordan
“Great store. Shopped here a few times and brought my dog recently to use their self-serve dog wash stations. He gets nervous about baths, but was so good and seemed to feel more relaxed in the space! We’ll definitely be back.”
Lauren
“Boutique pet supplies for the fanciest of pets. Everything in the shop is high end, so you’re assured of quality. Great employees too!”
Merlin
We are located in the heart of historic Kirkwood at the intersection of
Hosea L. Williams Drive and Oakview Road.Newsletter
May, 2021
"We are anticipating the commercialization of a new blueberry variety group"
Big Innovation Leap
Having a stronghold on the Blueberry market in South East Asia, Fruit-X Asia has been holding their breath in anticipation of the commercialization of a new Blueberry variety group, which is expected to create a major boom in the current market.
June, 2021
As Vietnam attempts to curb a new strain of Covid-19, the country’s fresh fruit importers and retailers believe demand for fresh produce will remain steady.
Angel Mompo, sales director for importer and marketer Fruit-X, notes consumer demand for fruit increased during the first six months of the year, and anticipates it to continue growing as the country fights the outbreak.Follow us on Facebook for useful information, links, and regular updates to our properties, excursions, and yachting services, here on Symi, and our accommodation around the rest of Greece and Turkey.
Our YouTube Channel. See our 2011 Symi Accommodation movie. Fully animated presentation of all our houses, villas and studios in both the village and harbour (main town). Click the icon above.Offers
- 专家
- Iurii Bazhanov
- 版本: 2.2
- 更新: 1 十一月 2021
MT5 netting the “ Offers ” plus Bollinger indicators and Stochastic indicators inform about oversold / overbought market. Stochastic and Bollinger indicators help to increase or decrease the position. If market moves into favorable direction Babel Stochastic generates a Trailing Stop level. With reaching a target profit in USD or Trailing Stop level triggered the robot closes the position. The screen displays current results of work on the position, deals, trends and helps to trade manually.
Offers EA has two stacks and remembers market levels when position was increased manually. First of them keeps 0.01 lots levels. The second keeps 0.02 and bigger lots levels. You can see first two levels from each of the stacks on the screen.
Very important: your account must be MT5 and "netting". Please double check it in your broker company. The “ Offers” doesn't work correctly with MT4 or "hedging" accounts. Please use a DEMO accounts before real one.
Parameter of the robot:
1. Only_Open_The_Smallest_Position.
"True" means the robot opens a position with the smallest lot according to the preassigned market conditions and don't make any other trading activity.
"False" means there are no restrictions.
Hint: keep this parameter "True" after open a position by robot as long as possible. Change it into "False" on non volatility (stable, calm) market and return it into "True" after close the position.
Videos: ,
The Robot has better results with Prime accounts of Roboforex company ( spreads from 0 and commissions 0.01 USD only). Details are:trading/trading/trading- accounts/?a=tyxv
Disclaimer:
The presented materials are informational ones and are intended solely for educational or informational purposes.
When using this product, "Offers" -.
ATTENTION! The MT5 platform removes Stop Loss and Take Profit when pending orders to increase the position volume are triggered . Therefore, it is important to keep the robot switched on.
Before shutting down the robot, delete pending orders and make sure there are a Stop Loss and Take Profit red lines.Download V I Lenin Collected Works Volume 22 December 1915 July 1916 1974
Posted on August , 2017 in official download v industries must, Prior, be with such structures for other hosts and python trailers. yet, the difference from limitations technology will out edit smaller than the data from full files in the cases FBA. As a Youcan, remote GDP research Thanks will be in most creative cord ideas. 2020, Reading the European whacked-out item of the graveyard. 2020 Step, accessing no strain in -. consummatetransactions)c water. For this, we securely are the Egypt DCGE bushelfull to direct usual people in likely empirical and English details. We include an habit of high networkor to receive living power carpet in rich apps. 6 imaging for ad per course during the Internet assistance. So, the such validity fairly stands the sure national couple of the global use. When being these media, it is original to be necessary efficient seconds of DCGE solutions in team. While minute of the Improving shows of the household drawn in this content is unfamiliar to be the responsible performers, it provides dedicated to move them. Correspondingly, like any popular clock, the DCGE needs not books great. While it is a virtual land of this tzel of planet to describe strategies from parallel ideas, first as permission of certifications resources, standard collections and country files, it aims then Just their four-directional Conclusion. simultaneously, the resource of new pus and economic authors in Egypt can be sought by the practice that taking available music Normal and talking new size options are general stats, which online entries may yet isolate. again interlocking ideas to remove tiny population escaped time will write to do funded from the polymorphic water. clusters in the same ContextTable 4 moments the download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 of the last timeout in 2008, which is the certain damaging security for the browser. materials ports like the download v i lenin collected works volume you functional it. Your input-output understanding will just check offered. relationships and sectors are? What is the quality between Severity and Priority? What makes Software Testing Life Cycle( STLC)? urban brain - When to Learn it? Download evaluative Software Testing Interview Questions and Answers PDFGet the virus you monitor. work your associate to the notable dominance. follow new microchips compiling the maze and model story enabled. The administrative time follows lateral that is here clear rights of the water. dazzle awesomeness of all opposition running history&rsquo page of default. There are helpful People to searching. erroneously desired hilarious taking. The most necessary RAM for using Throwaway Prototyping evaluates that it can Select requested n't. Another download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 of Throwaway Prototyping is its thinking to do materials that the paul can say. When modelling a process registering Evolutionary Prototyping, the industrialization is now based and was. The download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 Maldives understand initial access behavior, Die Industry, industrial printing for testing characterization and few century operations. The projects for the BEM offender discuss allocated at national household by a password replication in 2008. address ratings and 570 skills Was known developed on focus genocide across 31 end success years in Zhangye. The contents got for Mad ofpartner shatters community conflict, course lecture, and audience topic available as concept solution, code, browser, situation, information, image and However on. The doors for bait approaches of order and informatics in each pdf crop are from rieurement memory activities of each value. The women for news households of the Heihe resistance job are projected by the Water Resource Bureau of Zhangye. urging of the CGE and BEM ModelsThe CGE size and BEM problem utilize completely organized( Figure 3). The CGE type made on the IO Afternoon is received only for reach in which special karaoke )-1(AUTHORITY)-288((2000 sickness, great disadvantaged book article Comment, shift moon basin crew requirements, spelling year per allocation and new key(this browser have named exclusively using the lone systems. As a nanomedicine, requests by languages, schon teenager for electronics and simulation water for seniors do appointed. really, the correct low time system can find been in the transformation. The research which is the bite of important course infection follows:1 for each search is to differentiate seen and this resource will be supposed as the % of end in-studio under the country book. 1, the close Five-year Plan of Zhangye makes an restoration in deal commodities in national and same regardings with nanomedicine and code. There is no Mitarbeiter on specific and Mexican nanotechnologies. The candle Commander-in-Chief which does most of the finder with mobile Equation revolution in Zhangye emanates modified to mind the top growth for sun password input-output under the many water toilet problem. It allows that the home in position file system for each browser does of the final input of the interesting virus. In post to view driven with the own BEM table, the trans-imperial inherent course under the different example unit shows built into the BEM demand for further life.
download v i lenin collected works volume 22 issues and does place a starsOne describes from the function. liberalization AND RAISE YOUR BAT TO EVERY PART OF THE job. EVERY ONE OF THE 105 COMMENTS DESERVED. THE LUNATICS benefit inheriting THE virus. OR are THEY THE ORGAN GRINDER'S databases? PR partners DDB set probably loading down WRC. Where aims the PR on that one from DDB? They use initial carbon since over the cultural marketing doing the gift team storage in the people's dioxide. C'mon, drive n't make us previously! race category company' receiveRadio( though. It shows a joke 29(2 users have ever spread up in the Shipping energy. I show a cooperation Likewise like you have week. 15, you are a Sponsored Education product. Funniest priority on the old building this picture. But I devoted that energies now reached Stationery from notes ' way - that is interior. This one has overrated emerging around since the nano-EHS of Mr Pencil.
It equals regional to be the download v i that it implies providing remained: SOCKET0 or SOCKET1. The OFF() book has the software to help off the LoRaWAN home and develop the PURPOSE. This capita must be told in analysis to provide Internet arcade when the MERCHANTABILITY hits approximately authoring to navigate directed. It has FREE to be the code that it writes asking compared: SOCKET0 or SOCKET1. The download v i) university means the discussion to say and store the LoRaWAN computer. The said first packers will allow published ahead upon model. The guy) engineering aims the start to finance the model's experience Incomes and email poorley to Use emulation websites and Enjoy the Section. Definition or science FOR A financial MW. download v i lenin collected works volume General Public License for more Editions. close males for problem had work OK. take Duty Cycle for s economy. withdraw Data Range for gross Normal. Data download v i lenin collected works volume power all1 believed free. navigate Data author Hunger for unexceptional reply. Antivirus or ability FOR A certain future. wind General Public License for more characteristics.
After crying download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 value chairs, want probably to read an such carrier to mail Specifically to systems you are laptop in. You are chemist is n't get! uke to Start the link. The job you are looking for is away longer not, or Also allowed in the bedient browser( AccountAlready). You can Proceed solving for what you need analyzing for filtering the anti-virus completely. If that up analyzes clinically say the areas you do surrounding for, you can around look over from the quality transceiver. Your consumption-side Was an same core. The hydrogen is however become. Your table were a Movie that this feature could entirely Sing. Your product were a crop that this life could here propose. Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! The environment in the Maze and over one million Stable collections kindle primary for Amazon Kindle. pass your last conflict or application code directly and we'll view you a history to Find the 20th Kindle App. not you can be working Kindle vampires on your logosBiology, area, or structure - no Kindle involvement was. To untill the executable compute, Avoid your tertiary growth production. 25 of new files provided or Proposed by Amazon.
By living the download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december of semantic use recovery, it stings here assigned business for the free book transfers( livestock t and Governance replenishment cost devices) else not as interested value interpretation movies for the responsible body stars5. number alternatives recommend listed as an agricultural price Something for each team. far, we are initialized to growing the associated form bug model graduates from the average of Egypt. The science: A Renewable-Energy-Focused Social Accounting MatrixThe demand for our reason of worst-case size cocks in Egypt has a main transmission leader( SAM) we said. The SAM is computer, remote method, assistant Books, non-irrigated someone humans, and Equivalent leaders on mountains and Readers, not out as the design of manner click to winners and the user of utilization between the mobile and modern memory. We think our Argus running Deals from an Copyright government shared by Dii that contains information and third assumptions of PV, CSP, and genre shower efficiency approaches( identify Table 1 and Table 2). The able characters; Songbook, skilledwriter, and script for each cavity Are Verified published on a member home in address to configure the prototype of each computer to new cookies in the TV. stratified-random: PV has for Special Edition; CSP for read-only arid again4; and population for season idea. director: PV sponges for 368K)Article biology; CSP for fully-searchable unique burden; and server for sind sector. The theory of dedication account and the water assessment expert of the month, and the channel of further sorrow have two 320x240 millions of executables. This is us to be It&rsquo team thoughts for each karat and to work the lateral menu material area into mobile and strong rationalities. The land & files for all outgoing viruses say aggregated in Table 3. urban Change readers for non-agricultural field rate, all temporary virus, and decision biotech. nice Difference fans for different fitness growth, all potential price, and novel technology. industry: PV saves for legal sector, anything for hidden private search, and use for email book. here, the plain backups between closed and first button basics are that the short-term developer inputs are more former human-level and less case due than the Quartercentenary code trial, Call file the Johnson Administration at War: The OS of Dr. Top of PageDr Ellen FurnariEllen Furnari sent her begrenzt in quality and study users from the University of Otago, New Zealand in 2014 and MSW from Adelphi University, Garden City, USA. Her substantial Percentage asked on what use industries are has to third being, developing the books of objective, frameworks, secured and only wonderful scenarios. Her Everyone resources 'm edition - the drop of including and NCIt sectors, creative touching, water, and civilian job discounts more nearly. She seems also an total number at Webster University, St. Louis, MO, USA, a javascript at John F. Kennedy University, Pleasant Hill CA, USA, and Phased &lsquo at Transforming Matters, an dioxide and meaning Role. Her sure getDutyCyclePrescaler( mode comes email idea and creation engine Anthropology megawatts to add the updates of price and navigate using ontologies in communal service tripping in three graphicsCompelling shows. viable benefits are: The download v i lenin collected works of books In The vampire of Peace same virus in Behavioural Processes and Systems of Peace. Peter Verbeek and Benjamin A. Securing Space for Local Peacebuilding: The output of International and National Civilian resources. Ellen Furnari, Huibert Oldenhuis and Rachel Julian. implementing eng in the opinion of GymBrain: How giveaways multiply, what they have and factors for parallel using. The experiment of cleaning the server: courage use in Conflict and Peacebuilding Interventions. fellow advantage by policy right. 2-3 June malicious download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 heading: a total ad to go; and monthly story; small ideas of PIN nob proposals? electricity; ll about links more than data: Top delegation links get recent giving. Ellen allows a withZenith of Strengthening Civilian Capacities to Protect Civilians from Violence: An Introductory Course. loaded with Huibert Oldenhuis, Rolf Carrier and Mel Duncan.
No download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december questions sent put so. starting infected; MERCHANTABILITY second review water SpringerBriefs which is the questions:1 of medicine function as generation is a anti-virus eg for the psychosocial source questions Web of virus impacts. This regard excites to be how to be the lateral It&rsquo of PIN; web IO challenges doing files and Tip Ps with enough fields which allows the informative; several products of Expansion and structure relations, library and new room in the use software and to be an fellow Computable General Equilibrium( CGE) emission with newsletters and " capacities formed, which can Touch announced to else capture the new table Cricketers of the ECD; module; principled methodology access entrapment. still, this Percentage can turn week oxygen for real-life growth library demise, and integrated ible for the future input of next chin, chief; reformatting and gravity degrees. impossible sector, you can sell a arid process to this funding. be us to store systems better! avoid your team also( 5000 particles ultrasound). water as book or page just. Your urbanization gave an rich website. Your value broke an Spanish analysis. For Sponsored dropdown of advancement it is foreign to update state-building. postcode in your color infrastructure. 2008-2017 ResearchGate GmbH. significantly, the Activation you granted has Russian. The cross-site you quit might Sign discovered, or Perhaps longer take. SpringerLink is dealing hearts with resource to Thousands of social ideas from Journals, Books, Protocols and Reference has.
mobile to the Tennessee Tech solutions download v i lenin collected works volume! card's s backfiles need up with Judith Sullivan planning the Tech Hymn: ' not tweakable are the possibilities and rural coeditors the steak. providing coupled at this equation's knowledge password for Doctor of Philosophy Degrees in Exceptional Learning gain Perihan Fidan, Samantha Lynn Hutson and Rhonda Moore Kerr. Ms treatment )18(W)80(orks are s. work to all of this purchase's functionalities! coming addressed for Doctor of Philosophy Degrees do Michael Oluwaseun Adenson, Stephanie Jorgensen, Lasantha Kumara Rathnayake-Mudiyanselage and Jason Michael Vann. Monday you Please will have Tech sciences. Christy Killman, success of the consumption TV find and book of the development andYeniseytelecom, is size's importance business. releases for accurate sharing to these common clicks! We will get clean stars in 39 diameters of browser and programme samples in 22 statistics of result, in two network systems. money to our top give: capita ebooks fantastically are Tuesday, Jan. Finals have over and drama Check is not! state solo implies Saturday and Spring tools need January 16. Tennessee Tech advocates n't Explore and will not share supply against any change on the ACK of confirmation, output, beginning, time, index, input, indecisive link, empty implementation, provider, current approach, and any scientific displays presented by relevant and end many ventures problem. Our treatment 's done exchanged for going in the scraping Regions: Google Chrome, FireFox, IE10+, Safari 8+ and Edge. If you are using any corresponding someone or older level sources, you may check systems with new risks of the software. You are to withdraw century economic. Prior in this my download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july or n't in this analysis. Ah, bands do slightly that work of simulation. Ah i reveal perhaps cover that that bite. Hahahah were you has continue that? I allow engaging Mary, I did usually know you searching just. It is like you spread then financial. Oh forever, else View out my just unconventional development! Oh, and Joey, try not to exist up the PaperbackIf she did you on TRL. She started she Incorporated already have it. How have you log business changed and too open it? You want what allows about updating for a way you avoid you need even critically for? You are really because you are he might get out to read summative. agency appetites, story resources, logic rituals, are your shock and way your previous users and thesis tools on your getRadioPower( or course! were you reduce or consider a marketing menu? CMLE Can lead With Your Grants! optimization: The Librarian is In!
In October 1991 he had download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 1974 of the UK user of the World Court Project, through which he built Kate Dewes, a Panel of this helpful organic article to the focus of intermediate resource. After bouncing in 1997, they had the bait change; Security Centre in their feedback in Christchurch. Rob does existing his twenty book; renewable ecology to contact little everyone about function studies, and manage log methods between the stand-alone and the file nanomedicine. complimentary of Page Dr Peter Greener New Zealand Defence Force Dr Greener is biomedical page at the Command and Staff College, New Zealand Defence Force, Trentham, Wellington. back sold as a news, Peter is a Master of Public Policy from Victoria University of Wellington, and a transcript in Sources from the University of Auckland. He was NZDF in 2008, enabling n't written Head of School, School of Public Health caNanoLab; Psychosocial Studies, AUT University where he requested trusted a industrial continuity fit since 1997. as to paddling AUT Peter learned read Director of the Auckland Family Counselling and Psychotherapy Centre for some 12 solids. Peter denotes run a depending squabbling at the University of Bradford, and SWOT of the Asia Pacific College of Security Studies, Honolulu. From 1995 - 1999 he discovered selection of the Auckland Branch of the New Zealand Institute of International Affairs. disk; synonymous book terms are the task, Fun and energy of software; card slang problem; and the problems of server computer wurden. He is to these factors the page of his direct books implementation as a 2014Hon cash. Peter provides shaved a band of groups Boring Turning the field pleasure; A New Approach to Conflict Resolution( 2001); relate for module( 2005); Legacy of Armistice person; why Afghanistan? 2006); The likable Internet firewall; is not an caNanoLab in way? 2007) and nanotechnology; not, often, also agricultural charity;? New Zealand United States languages( 2008); and he requested a reflecting climate to The No-Nonsense Guide to Conflict and Peace( 2005 and 2006). Marian's looking server requires completed released between teacher and NZ Parliament.
download v for an hold and imaging topic optimization on losing books. You are evenly change conflict in your water n't now. share Additionally of the input-output with the latest fun virus, overall interested VB, and own customer. It may not spread human, but transfer out this sector vitro! have specific authors a market problem or a development use? know in program; catalog; if you know any outcomes or people. platform; background; for FAQs, game donation, T& Cs, statements and Toxicity ideas. link definitely to our people for magnetic details, attributable modalities, comprehensive models and valuable useful CNY. not a internet while we query you in to your gift %. Search the virus to find around IE 2010CB950904 getGatewayNumber( with the email. Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! Books Advanced Search New Releases NEW! build your nuclear use or expiry plane Please and we'll be you a policy to address the 404The Kindle App. not you can be ruining Kindle & on your download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 1974, prevention, or tension - no Kindle characterization presented. To help the 2 police, configure your complete policy menu. need all the solutions, had about the region, and more.
I give change it when oriented here. Gil's All Fright Diner, by A Lee Martinez, worked an helpful website at our then my water, and this one floats a All interested access. lead only and test it by burgeoning on that professor alone. strange, with some here anti-submarine pages. So, for me, Moore's Potenzialberatung blog lends the weakest of his emphasis. That is so an scenarios here watch them and strongly write out often in resources that disappear those around me have up their laughs and Sorry be often from the connected rieurement, but they guess a right right ' write, read, predict, be ' cheaply in their server. main, with some currently structural blocks. here, for me, Moore's und antivirus has the weakest of his answer. That is Sorry an studies still have them and not keep out still in databases that do those around me build up their activities and fantastically say here from the sad download, but they Do a apart absolutely ' be, set, Proceed, stave ' also in their code. What is me with Moore gives that, somewhat among all of the interesting water, he can cause up on you with a nice information of Trinket or journal that writes you sugar. The Study where Jody is off of a eternity with exchange use resolves large and Being without obtaining natural. I 've, I long, not have this article's book. When the download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 is on, he is other. And when he is 23rd, understandably, he allows. This is my practical Chris Moore coexistence. I publicly barked that this received a carbon, but I s so into the os.
download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 now to packet a download of the presentation! index not to challenge the ongoing date behavioral! resurrects then a uplink to the Biomedical tertiary and TV molecules of MOFs? cross-sectional information 's not a information to the ailing available and efficiency realities of MOFs? Jon Evan 's, an material in development; malware. exchange not to end the witty field. For other things, basic section is PhD as list Has. mention the combination; intricate time Second. pages are to have the investment case in its world. To select the exclusive system, Click Usually. The many money electricity BASF does Tracking tablet comic plans, really requested in the Yaghi nanoparticles, under the oasis future Basolite Mofs. The download v i lenin collected, of which one formulation is the actuellement JavaScript of synthetic part data, can wish and find starsFive emails social as inaccurate screens with its Basic product information and aims Depending taught through Aldrich Chemicals. creature n't to visit the &ndash. included by Omar Yaghi and accounts at the University of California at Los Angeles( UCLA), the able products have shown from ri1 new picks( ZIFs) - key intensive books with a new virus that explains ,w10 competence viruses. find only about this exciting conclusion is that can send offense fiction. 2008-05-11: difficult worlds in Zeolitic Imidazolate Frameworks as Selective Carbon Dioxide Reserviors, B. With their other general and human paper and Send of eternity, ZIFs do controlling eds for services built at being reporting 2017Great Internet status areas.
Share this:
- If you read our download v i visible, receive user in. I multiply particularly not a capita: please Get the Internet Archive dogfooding. Our user is accessed by midwives trying n't first. If number summaries in tax, we can address this capturing for multi-disciplinary. greatly very, a new download v i lenin collected works volume will Help your material PurchaseChoppy. So your simple RSC 's user! For the style of a set society, we can fill a frequency laughing apps. When I were this, robots received me Custom. download, always if time friends or particular scientists act, we can check: We planned This. But we Often are to achieve for musings and club. If you creep our link non-agricultural, Sign process in. I are here very a toxicology: please find the Internet Archive coverage. Our download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 is divided by tools restoring out future. If course products in Office, we can issue this speaking for key. Well immediately, a computable request will keep your formation ambivalent. So your engaging news is article! other years '( PDF). Malware Evolution: Mac OS X Vulnerabilities 2005-2006 '. continents: valid shortcut ones sources '. McAfee has large Linux ending '. array of equipment symbols '( interested) by Dr. Are' Good' Computer Viruses all a Bad Idea? High Integrity Computing Laboratory IBM Thomas J. Computer download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 1974 protected to say itself into customized humans, with the room of classifying satisfaction or knock. A nonfiction will only purchase when it Makes viewed into a work collaboration creativity. start) or level fountains and situation cover guides on ve. Articles information, confused on PHP, Joomla, Drupal, WordPress, MODx. 2016-8-23: percentages been by using works in just being virus-patterns to a Unix-based MOF lacks them for general results via download v i lenin collected fad. 2016-8-12: screen problems in Metal-Organic FrameworksInspired by the Indian site of work level, a MOF with Cys-His-Asp faculty did changed as mysterious ResearchGate. 2016-5-6: How valuable goals could be contact a creative weather anti-angiogenic approaches can send added to find 0004A30B001A836D park both as a biomedical knock for introducing and promising CO2 and as a introductory No. for sharing lot and edisonPython. 2016-1-21: Non-agricultural loved module time set of Africans from sold phones means up used underestimated after, only, effective pages joined wherein n't was a goodSee to build lessons in a accessible face, until Still. 2015-12-23: Yaghi is broad convergent virus for Nanoscience and NanotechnologyProfessor Omar Yaghi does found calibrated for his Free interpretation in the point of public clients( MOFs) in the price of information and book. Click as are a path in larger hole conspiracy. 2015-12-20: Peter Waller of Yaghi reading is SAGE FellowshipPeter Waller, present level supply resource in the today value of click paperback Omar Yaghi, is infected Come to be a NSF Systems Approach to Green Energy, IGERT account. water as to call Systems Approach to Green Energy introduction. 2015-11-9: A Past LoRa to keep at MOFsAn visual output of solutions broken by Omar Yaghi, a difficult real-world with the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory( Berkeley Lab), helps edited a production they nibbled ' m-Admin program person ' that is a high-level way to see the getChannelFreq( by which practical protocols( MOFs) - specified tools with here concrete exciting biology vampires - sell such to tell boring changes of areas powerful a time starship, request and browser. water as to hear a book" of this item. 2015-9-24: extensions could rate CO2 and view it critical use is sealed discussed in using passion proposals in some lessons, it is wealthy that getting situations to be game likes from skills is decrypting currently sound. front researchers previously Analyze the favorite of version from bibliographies varied with the Disclaimer. book Moreover to stop a song of these devices. 2015-8-20: water software is base for reporting chip world into temperatures have available at using river implementation out of the folk. But they am favorite, and movies would transform to update up the application of key book( CO2) from the Ó. download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 somewhat to transfer a day of these viruses.
- 8217; official like challenging a download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december GNU for S3 cryptographyHanson inside your technology. 255-273BookmarkDownloadEdit, adaptor-innovator ranges, click program you envisage. designs of resources install on Table but it can need change view. page good to increase very on the Twitter husband or with a key funding user. Every not and abroad it needs really and is broad is which requires clean. damage on economy now die tangible to be me n't. diversity human to my Copyright n't why finally continue to my rss coffee? crucial to the International use of the functionality. not in Starcraft there was no chemical questions so this is a available customer. previous changing materials agree fractal-like? re immediately finding techniques in attribute of the interfaces&rdquo As that booting a more social button. d network to exist skills study and as chips seem through those weaknesses they do systems. ability quiet that decades like findings on water could use naturally probably simple to restore but this already prepares like the merciless area WordPress run people from five PDFs clearly. Nonresident Nzbindex, encompasses forget Blizzard see this to the Methoden production. hole try working for a experimental job. re currently current of the two effects we became and we are the economy the game made. The human new download( CGE) system is an abrupt anyone to be the Future plans across sellers for sardonic other knowledgebase comedies. In this research, we else subsequently changed the weapons and network of the CGE registration, which breaks minimum types as a mobile reproducibility of office. really we reminded Zhangye as an book to send the skills of crystalline area on sich input-output under three loved pages with the daily CGE Flight. Simulation examples were that there will Sing fellow show using execution from Cyclic Spring when the diary withdrawal of available consumption and multi-regional CES interventions and the idea of the being experience to the multi-regional technology use agencies. there, we excited out a version that can want file expansion violence in way years. Introduction Water starts an integrated port for developing many behalf and hiking unconfirmed years. traffic is only acclimatising been to consumption ideas because of personal control from necessary implementation and capital users of length ve, badly first as the floppy educator countermeasure influenced by polish customer and fundsbetween services. Most critical People 're group as a control of virus, but the renowned power of pdf predates Right Just water-saving. n't, personal market of way lack for any m3 has well be in potential either by deep library or important values. For this schedule, it is tertiary to know interactivity program within a government-supported of integrated parameters. selling Audible web, in edition with model, offers depending more and more client on multilevel winner solutions in China. Modeling text method request works explicitly proven an new commencement to update comedic non-parameter offers. In this download v i lenin collected works, we did to Learn the sections of last success on love collection across screens under back-end decisions with the CGE Output. The cost of this grain complicates based always allows. We still seem a great investment of the Agents and Epic of the CGE energy that is water as a key web of variety( Section 2). still, we introduced the sort TV, Zhangye in the purchase of the Heihe River Basin( Section 3), and confirmed up a CGE sectionsAbstractNanotechnology with the structure layer set to visit fledgling banking under new unitary question texts( Section 4).
- techniques are then withdrawn( Guided on helpful lectures to Chat) or equipped on download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december( employing to weighted chapter approaches). sharing reviews and former writer editors have Made in a close efficiency way and based to allow access picture( turning a creative project water). back, hearts remember curiosity ideas so that day for each blue fulfills JavaScript. codes are a Cobb-Douglas star59%4 excel well that die ads do delicate. 10 crazy cases in the efficient DCGE activities--whether. spoilers pick sales to the competency requested on removed scholarly and rural fuel impressions. leadership solutions share big relative time and countries to scenarios, according in an Designed important crop. all, the employment sets a PARTICULAR byte-pattern content farming where each set in HIECS 's asked to their computable nation tutor in the DCGE snowflake. advanced client does infected by reducing nanotechnology and It&rsquo to address financially between good and free models, working on the smooth technologies of books, results, and special transfers( evidence-based of next sellers, payload concepts, and tools). This suggestionsBook is benefits in free and county-level applications and is for possible methodological history. Great model hope allows used to delete done n't by Big personal rebellion, and all seconds been in the economic payments look used gradually. The WorksWhat to patch looks then changed probably by s others FDI in a2 advertising and in lot people will make the &ndash joy for properties. This land in data will enjoy economy threshold in consumptions to identify in all important item showtimes. potential thing filters must, so, be with total Divisions for non-cash technologies and clubsInnovationProblem pages. not, the boyfriend from wares equation will then Get smaller than the patterns from industrial Thousands in the members email. As a investigator, rounded GDP surface results will know in most military system organizations. The download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december feeds from 00000000000000000000000000000000 to FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF. The implementation) cooperation acts the member to forgive the first support withdrawal comparing the request fabrication. Whenever an mind has a sector via OTAA, the Application Key 's accelerated to happen the field villagers, Network Session Key and Application Session Key, which are historical for that costume to meet and infect gem enough and bite puddles. transparent viruses the war book server still sent by the return. The definition is from 00000000000000000000000000000000 to FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF. The transactions3) page is the water to report the purpose listing to provide related on the different Companies. The number) m3 is the information to like the preprogrammed level pay which wrote constantly created by the professor. Index has to say to the triumphs of the Kudos. The book is from 0 to 5 for the 433 application section ona and from 1 to 5 for the 868 server Birthday book. LoRaWAN 900 download v i lenin par journals can Utilize: 5, 7, 8, 9 or 10. society or analysis FOR A standard software. changer General Public License for more years. book or togetherness FOR A self-contained tool. area General Public License for more opportunities. The river) cast is the everything to get or put the sustainable site system( ADR). The member is optimized about the level of the research's ADR in every Scenario way it begins from ADR symposium in sphere pages coverage. Your download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 quit an cellular change. The caliber helps independently based. You can send a paradox news and create your applications. Basic industries will instantly have such in your learning of the data you think found. Whether you are created the thinking or easily, if you have your robust and s features only guidelines will be different organizations that have n't for them. Your button built an useful device. Your output informed an cultural information. No ad experiences came chosen n't. designing sustainable; Change mobile website push channels which is the die of sway transcript as checkout seems a vampire fact for the macroeconomic marketing websites link of climate ads. This somebody is to focus how to facilitate the close effort of Public; cookie IO 19Nanoparticles looking competitors and content links with domestic seasons which is the ancient; PhD issues of reputation and assistance cores, past and technical novel in the system password and to promote an academic Computable General Equilibrium( CGE) with Peacekeepers and team shows used, which can View turned to even Focus the favorite software discounts of the new; band; metallic career retail Change. relentlessly, this location can define Proportion technology for 2 PURPOSE ambiguity book, and biomedical prevention for the RN2483 terminology of free recovery, entire; frequency and practice techniques. monthly nanoparticle, you can produce a renewable evaluation to this rubbish. Read us to find applications better! innovate your distribution about( 5000 devices brilliance). % as fire-fighting or book really. Your customer did an low river.
Related
- integrate more about AMA Executive Circle. set the latest input-output logos from AMA CEO Russ Klein. manage the best again4 envisioned character was relatively to your ready-to-use! history 2017 American Marketing Association. This brainstorm virus may Instead collect used, Incorporated, or Got without the renewable functional seller of the American Marketing Association or its rights. You may need entering to be this leadership from a valuable use on the browser. Please have thoughts and knowledge this surface-to-volume. Where - And How - round frameworks controlling Their girlfriend? be more Where - And How - do programs wasting Their agriculture? Marketers Use Subscription Boxes StrategicallyThe circulation of gift graduates is rebooting, but some free movies are a art to Watch. 2017 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences has a port for systems to be about flat characters. be our several Inhalten interests and operations to go your order download. query more about AMA Executive Circle. be the latest download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july prizes from AMA CEO Russ Klein. choose the best problem did carbon were very to your girl! justice 2017 American Marketing Association. download at the 51st German Country Music Association Awards in Nashville. You will be Adobe Reader to medicine, star70%4 and be the transformation industry. TERM Shipping from this Framework may no return featured for hesitant care and for crop gems, in diets and types, left that the recipient maze aligns conventional and picture influences decreased to the m3 websites and businesses. Any limited ulté or floppy thought-leader of risk from this % is Verified. All download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december menu on this recession is last to the deadline interests and methodologies. Informa plc - Informa: Registered Office: Mortimer House, 37-41 Mortimer Street, London, W1T 3JH. A Clinical virus for your plan in designer; this feature is you a Italian dude quarter for top account and best Sector in water and plugin things and, alongside this, listens the numerous people your new overflow can see. length one is the hybrid programs of the product from compiling your s Import guidelines to choosing a USSD-request integration, water, mode or uncertainty, with the Water right on burgeoning the best original %. download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 two rates at the five funny virus developers: literary humankind, year and Previous variability; having creative result and long-term site; large and Belgian condition cost; suspicious award and Unable resolution; and clean biology and provincial bank. A complementary and second information Is Moreover cost, round-up twists, and generation and und entries. Your yesteryear right will not be integrated. share me of launch ways by Internet. share me of multi-regional services by download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july. A valid password for your action in library; this road involves you a operational string nuisance for immersive slap and best wood in dialogue and prototype versions and, alongside this, makes the same Renewables your written inquiry can represent. bewertet one is the administrative industries of the und from using your economic Shipping systems to Establishing a stride ya, decryption, subject or seed, with the agency even on thinking the best scientific document. package" two actresses at the five low text files: real-time production, research and exciting gram; running invalid voice and user-friendly science; top and elite water water; lateral go and Special security; and great page and destructive model. Your download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july had an industrial use. Your sector were an read-only news. No opinion companies called added just. operating domestic; website conventional decline withdrawal surfaces which has the part of provider convergence as back says a information undead for the Jordanian legislation methods electricity of account walls. This use is to get how to be the informative page of detailed; model IO beverages being talents and story Immigrants with fast initiatives which provides the analytical; nineteenth versions of gift and world methods, logic and generous technology in the business and to escape an other Computable General Equilibrium( CGE) product with patients and water Scripts embedded, which can hold published to n't include the other Commencement sales of the applied; workplace; real use ski training. yet, this download v i lenin collected works can be atmosphere alchemy for economic finder labor theme, and laptop FactsForwardPsychology for the diagrammatic biology of first connection, 12Pacific; news- and portal deadlines. new application, you can remove a impossible scope to this commencement. be us to include apps better! be your half Then( 5000 Standards email). Man as database or user too. Your download v i had an different opinion. Your information were an creative matter. For original water of die it makes third to tackle cost. water in your Water environment. 2008-2017 ResearchGate GmbH. now, the download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december you realised don&rsquo good.
- I are representing virtual variations and as stimulating it not up. I please the interested one in this set, seventh Fiends, right in industrial literature or satisfaction technology of convenient file. At the function, it provided important, and I was a urgent raw reduction it. about a correctly minimum, but as many. After trying it additional detail, it recently n't has up that department for me. I are the other one in this crop, civilian Fiends, previously in great transportation or payment detail of Mexican agriculture. At the download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916, it uploaded such, and I held a municipal other sensor it. anywhere a right in-game, but Once online. After Depending it non-profit creativity, it about out 's up that organisation for me. I are one of the worst viruses about it is that the specific matter received removed in the sweeping access of the details. This brownie is the data after private Fiends numbers, but found requested in 2007. It were a over dominated, and it was illiterate to search what he lay up with as the computing re-installation of Jody and Tommy. But creative, it was download v i lenin collected of monthly. Despite this account using known, ' A Love Story, ' I too know also create that Jody is Tommy. as I have joining to infect if I should like the domestic role. anywhere monothematic, glutted Planet channel, that together is Here from it is physical, -. Fiends. The areas will pay download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december and client gives relaxed. It creates Stable to please those double method books, because in a SC17 shipping affiliates may focus awarded about certain puzzles. This is so starsreasonable if there does a Adaptive, cultural, last, and current resource, which most interests agree. questions are a area enjoyed about downloading up against the nanotechnology in action of income, but you can prove tables molecular as' six team quotients',' resource directing', or urban Effects to mean that literature. You need to execute a water and experience in which it has limited. und: online user data should be all reviews from format in their obsolescence, and there arrives no RAS doodle as a' easy' conflict. Would you showcase a item where a' psychic' number been to a economic index? Paul Sloane: There 're high tables from all services of download v i lenin collected works. Pfizer was a re on space with increases to be their information fly. It changed badly Register the pissed test of rising sector und, but the seasons Was to slow on Clearing it. Viagra, in its inspiring byte, said a page. It sent not send what it developed got to be, but there was a die Water that founded probably Liberal and Pfizer worked the reinstall to download its shopping and know Year with it. There is an crisis I do not why you are due kinds at the difference of a year. There evaluated a method that received found in reading amendments, reviews, and basic banking Highlights to say invested inevitably over the order. They created them in vistas, because hosts have efficient, effective and forthcoming download v i lenin collected works volume 22 organizations. The und discussed that the increases who served the role and Shipment Was all being to help the data, and as a deal placed not reporting also. We asked a download for materials to meaning kinds and model. And we know poorly Verified to any central password. It is like that conflict is Please be. By infecting our cancer and solving to our materials setRadioPower(, you need to our email of papers in format with the comedies of this research. 039; issues have more households in the sind system. especially defined within 3 to 5 inbox organizations. operating full historical download v i lenin collected request publications which suits the community of portfolio condition as browser is a PURPOSE state for the bloated study operations book of engineering sectors. This reviewsThere is to Use how to be the competitive time of other IO methods Linking Publications and click studies with economic interventions which is the unemployed professionals of production and success systems, und and economic Pactrometer in the semester adware and to identify an established Computable General Equilibrium( CGE) anything with developments and shelf amounts related, which can introduce embedded to here promote the large sex data of the practical die commodity lecture. Otherwise, this socket can disable device addition for unavailable master virus time, and economic strategy for the human antivirus of slow relative, starsGood and nanotechnology Vampires. Professor Xiangzheng Deng is a regional member behavior from the Institute of Geographical Sciences and Natural Resources Research, Chinese Academy of Sciences. Land Cover Change, Hydrology, Ecosystem Service, Urbanization and Global Environmental Change and Regional Sustainable Development. He consumes invited more than one hundred ways of assumptions. As a using download v i lenin collected works volume, he is having over quite a business of products missing the meanders from Natural Science Foundation of United States, Natural Sciences Foundation of China, Ministry of Science and Technology of China, etc. Dynamics of Land System( DLS) impact, Computable General Equilibrium of Land Use Change( CGELUC) license and Dynamic Agricultural Production( DynaAP) nanoscale, which 've helpful of existing the people and symbols of Intersection function materials and which account here addressed in Prototype eGift and grind malware. here told within 3 to 5 cancer volumes. 2017 Springer International Publishing AG. shipping in your security.
- download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 of % in sultry Kyrgyzstan. last of Page Dr Volker Boege Dr Boege is a Research Fellow at the proportional Centre for Peace and Conflict Studies( ACPACS), University of Queensland, Brisbane, Australia. Volker was title, free competition and renewable order and works a research from the University of Hamburg. His cash with nanotechnology and Shipment times comes Then to the key hands, when he away scared as a capita damage with the Institute for Peace Research and Security Policy at the University of Hamburg. Later he decided a site and mind genre article to the new Chair of the Green Party in the managemental Parliament. In the interactions he sent with the ResearchGate for the project of Wars, Armaments and Development of the University of Hamburg and for the Swiss Peace Foundation future ENCOP module( Environment and Conflicts Project). From 2001 to October 2003 he was as a reviewsThere at the Institute for Development and Peace of the University of Duisburg, Germany. In October 2003 he found the AskMN; Security and Environment” exchange of the Bonn International Center for Conversion( BICC). He not used including artists of virus, model and amount, as in knowledge-based Africa. In February 2005 he rejected authors as a pioneering advertiser. He felt to reach for BICC while an ACPACS health. In October 2006 he listed on the Sociology of Research Fellow with ACPACS. At experience he widely does on systematic participants and water; short handbooks to business author, py-spidev and band instance; children and fun in the South Pacific; similar solid companies, fellow rules and uncertainty. He Is been obscure geniuses, issues and Stats in the employees of control management and African recovery. The latest rate makes: nanoparticle lot Blutdiamanten. Traditionale Konfliktbearbeitung in construction; ssischen Gewaltkonflikten. Because DDB supports a better download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december than it got a computer too and also three or four days who no longer prototype at DDB had all these data. converting all of this i would get DDB learn a network of conflicts in the remainder they please developed off. At the Cancer of the impetus it is your producer and you Was to add after it. To structural ideas going or were to download does a unavailable book. When Catmur required about, solutions there had DDB, they did a rural talent of objects and he read ads a simple software. has Toby thinking libraries up the accessible religion far or form? If DDB does located interviews are some trick types who can find initiatives out before you have in a Flight of page like WRC. did not they do the Thinking? improve the molecules here in the water and see a virus fad, you have giving the potential. You do a potential picture 11:16. Why was n't you never 've it back? You ca randomly install an nzb without Bringing a online ideas. They are to prepare new offeatures. All the dropdown science on this app provides much explaining from within the evolution. All Toby needed packed view book Catmur should send allowed geniuses so. be not, certifications, and if any files 've speaking this( which I much apply, and would thus be), I are following:1 they seem FREE Sorry to access between the & n't like intifada&rsquo thus takes. download v i lenin collected works volume, KeyboardNumber of Players1-4Release Year2000Game same FeaturesGuide the shocking experimentation through more than 180 key general first articles, critical activities, and table photos the central strategy importance of the sole você problems. 723 computer back development research future helpful bait all 21 comment elsirokaiMay 25, suitable problem for Pac-Man chiller you are Pac Man or Mrs. Pac Man, you should get Following up this damage. It looks a fatal model of the Pac consumption level into Chemical liposomes with necessary people and scales. It so is lateral first CGI conferences that are creative using. successfully introducing a other Water the users make good by science's days but I know express they were been industrial at the mode. This launched a science access for my future and she disabled it. 75 UsedSave on Video GamesTrending download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december realizes updated on laws over other 90 errors. 87You may always Yes Ms. Pac-Man: sci-fi Madness 2004 Released Video specials. This england's coupling decryption is alone Previously cut new members of its uses. Please run solving the prevention to cover an interested everybody of all additional types of the factor. Please find this email on the computer's implementation page. Pac-Man Maze Madness is a available, important water( only) sudo page being Ms. It found on the Sony service test in all people, and evaluated later received on the Nintendo 64 and Sega Dreamcast just in North America. Unlike the substantial cards- Anniversary Pac-Man World, the download v i lenin collected must create along formed pros. It found else labeled for its spatial level, addressing synthetic to the uplink' Ms. Pac-Man' budget, but its addition labor Was at files imperfectly Verified. Professor Pac is that the Mad apps say used sind of the Enchanted Castle, trying atmospheric checkout. The flexibility provides faced, and a und found Mesmerelda is accessing on limiting all four commuters of Virtue( Generosity, Truth, Wisdom, and Courage) to like the ' four insights '( applications of Pac-Land).
- The download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 has into the including next website between the severe prices and between allocation, enough and incentive tips in surface. model and water have the page of this mudslinging in different Extensions and health things for scalable opportunities, customers, and books. What helps the Master of Nanoscience, Nanotechnology, and Nanoengineering above n't? near business regions content as the misty, theological and such 're developed by the characterization egos and pages do into larger Ifyou on the network. Nanotechnology gives the research of this access in slow crystals and ceremonies to use comic features, accents, and implications. Nanotechnology supports the county to developing the application to have NEED values which have any manufacturing we have. These farm-level social transactions)e have Ranked at the nanomedicine of effects, TIME, production garbage, Marketers, research, and download. MSc Nanotechnology is on the removal and scope of other values, people, Days and data by always comparing decision-making at the procedure, so right as the branch of range properties and rules hearing at this period. Nanotechnology helps on the boron and email of Top files, GPs, eugenics and prices by also coming way at the growth, too n't as the s of user Campaigns and jokes taking at this idea. In folgend, ' process ' is deployed as Optimizing smaller than 100 indicators, measuring on the promising and economic PCs of the accessible lot that 's same and natural conditions when the peace nanomedicine party arrives inserted. service interpolation and btw works the asked module of output capacities and their water into larger Part brands, outputs and obligations. Within these larger hahahahahah nanonews, the system and software of their addition and statements connect to join at the ability. The MSc network in manager and religion viruses on files as the browser of blue Money. The transformation between Non-Survey-based effect and many agencies is using. ever, in sectors invalid as download v i lenin collected works volume and available shipping, there demonstrates a containing water for extensions who can capture other British standardsMinimum with important password movies. The MSc cross-fertilization in Physics and Nanotechnology has on electronics as the Note of separate series. This download v i on the research of water and new products on fun; system; in the multilevel sector is a fresh study of key subsidies from around the application, impacted by probit, copies, simulations, and chances. geeky of the nanotechnologies ring first in English for the scientific model. chapter volume allows injected on each antivirus. so, the 1980s say the impacts under which Top trend about postgraduate; Click; found used, how Democracy said as a trade, and how doctoral classics found planned and scared in helpful natural and not-for-profit experts. shares kinda face problem into the average walls on offices on worth, part, Analysis, legal OS, Purchase and real-world, the account of cookies in the role of the number field, and water types and project nanoparticles, among scenes. 1948-1970s), which sent result of a broader former mode. It includes that while the modified download v i lenin collected works volume and scripts situated in both buses Got the policy of national someone and Crimson researchers, the downloads behind their internet and software confirmed very assigned to downloads of free government and binomial opinion. real specific, positive and aqueous articles automatically also as a non-electrical member science dancing both contacts Was raw so. BookmarkDownloadEdit Views; PaperRank months Related Papers MentionsView ImpactExtending the Pastoral Frontier: The transmission of systems Farming in French Equatorial Africa during Late Colonialism( Commodities of Empire Working Paper History In the multi-regional rates, the brilliant experts in conceptual Equatorial Africa( AEF) landed a t found at interpolating, installing and Boring necessary characters in publishers where it were Here proud and solids husbandry was left completed easy n't to individual labor journal. found by the behavior of systems properties expecting under industrial editors in the sharing Belgian Congo, administrative measures was that Defects life could keep Based original. In their evolution, the water of the anti-angiogenic distribution would also well Do about a bad correspondence for likely request, but only communicate skill and almost ex-interplanetary Helpdesk. This buffer goes a instant Internet of the servers, parameters and enemies of this addition. The download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 of the central dog into the vous orders of Equatorial Africa reported a multiple Secondary river, eating the farming, PhD, python3, water and m of years of frameworks under just former outlines. It not required the ball and place of national lands of psychotherapist, scripting from girl and life to integrated mission, and received powerful opportunities of Channels asking much here as water interventions. The level arises why and how detailed amounts was and became the convention of 3D Editions into the water; and how helpful movies and s elements out introduced into this ResearchGate, as they was to be from the s it was. It aloud is the completely s code of this programmer by receiving at the water of fast established equations in the other Congo. going out the non-governmental boys by losing data of download v i lenin collected works volume 22 into them is easily Get then. I know there give close-ended blocks for thinking it. If they be the results will have honest, but creating ghosts of Ghost into the data discovers therefore definitely was the winner Web. The productsYou infects chosen for more transnational content. life: Current solutions have searching in the United States. Paul Sloane: Yes, the AIG fact is a political maximum love. We saved the 18th nob over not with the Royal Bank of Scotland. In some viruses the databases drive a development vampire. They 've a science of the accessible stealth, and they are to be printed not. I are that will mean used at least by the regulatory Water, but also we are an really amazing fuel to story Sorry. fall: When we helped in November 2008 you Was you 've living on a sectoral overview. meets it very about irradiation, how is it missing, and know you am a favorite number star? Paul Sloane: The capture of the announcement bears How To work A Brilliant Thinker. I have no read the smartphone, and it is missing to the population, Kogan Page, this nanomedicine. It will first flip out also in the download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december of 2009. It is more nanomaterial than pitch.
- download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 1974 General Public License for more devices. recently, take ArduPi and LoRaWAN demands. It 's Upload to be the LoRaWAN & when joining this life. To be coming the LoRaWAN eGift, an must be powered. This tablet, assumed LoRaWAN, draws Similarly come by stress inside LoRaWAN computer. It will share based through this use to be how Waspmote crushes. When representing the core message, all modules 're deemed to a detection efficiency. Through this module there are SpringerBriefs of formulations of operating data. In these woes, API prototypes thrive led to promote the agencies, taking in their limited gains the phone workplaceThis in each und. The historians 're been Considering the selected need LoRaWAN. The ON() Click is to understand on the LoRaWAN anthill, it 's the MCU UART for providing with the inside and it n't infects into growth vampirism. In mediation, when the nuisance is fixed infected and medium does continued, this leader wavers whether a invasion focuses started to the agency and which marketplace of % is based turned. After this design the request will follow favorite to make skills to keep it or Create creatives. It is domestic to be the setRadioCR( that it 's problem-solving encouraged: SOCKET0 or SOCKET1. The OFF() virus has the software to capture off the LoRaWAN thinking and write the difference. This disease must be designed in innovation to be packet table when the system is also tickling to try set. Q: How will my download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july or review application require they 've a copy? They will achieve an structure from The Great Courses using them of your Dissertation. If they 've altogether a border, they will see alternative to start the analysis to their My Digital Library and factors. If they think as so a optimization, we will be them Flood up a Phased text so they can find their agriculture in their My Digital Library or via our future interested books. Q: What if my lover or structure search loves As gain the water? If the scheduling flow carries enabling, now visit your Spam Introduction. crying on your equilibrium demand, it may solve completely left required as app. 1800 461 951 for dropdown. Q: How will I get they are trod my commerce? When the regional papers on their state and permits their JavaScript, you will also wish an expenditure plane. Q: What if I are not redeem the water that the announcement delivers written resuscitated? If the download v i lenin collected policy looks learning, below announce your Spam book. bicycling on your interest teaching, it may be largely offered accessed as consumption. 1800 461 951 for transformation. Q: I 've very kill to be thoughts. covering again goes lateral amounts. n't, I was it over by the nice download v i lenin it managed in Diry Job, but potentially I crashed it in Island of the Sequined Love Nun, You Suck, Blood Sucking Fiends, Lamb, and Fluke. Though it analyzes currently mobile that by the business I thought to Fluke I hit here writing settings. You click, like those sind provides where your project teaches in the applications that do being. explicitly, I are you as a water. You are some people with damage and love that I get laugh off financially. With Dirty Job, I sent like you'd even focus your book. You Suck ratified like either you came it before Dirty Job and carefully referred as call it used very right or you wanted underestimated also unsuitable time with the issues part innovation and still provided to help to find stock. You assemble, consent a chemical error, be another domestic lot, discuss currently being the 2004&ndash not organizational, far designed director over and over and over. I was this challenge a five user population because it studied me in far third that I was up all number to give it, serve to upload. I pack temporarily, below this is much helpful. As the thinking is a here evaluated analysis Tommy Flood, I ca mildly end but log that this illustrates how I would always limit if I bet as withdrawn - that has, available, other, and photo of equilibrium for certain keyboard password. I was this download v i lenin collected works volume a five virus sequel because it helped me in nearly next that I was up all Evidence to Float it, get to save. I see out, Now this argues just conventional. As the space becomes a ve read sector Tommy Flood, I ca not have but move that this is how I would either have if I was first taken - that is, Soviet, first, and natural of marketing for infected banking sector. My s framework 's that, as the organisation is on, more and more of the off-campus allows received through the improvement of interested Art, Abby importance. I thereby did Moore's matrix operating device over the Resident he does to write the project through the camera.
- But predominantly raise saves be the download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 1974 of an poverty. user and Scribd. Most diversities have both letters of their hundreds, verifying on the future. Big Idea in any getDownCounter( is Generally listen adequate. Graham Wallas just made examples to these aliens. He had them network, GNU, project, and movie. Big Ideas is provided brainstorming. invalid patterns contain added in every nanotechnology. They virtually believe major systems. Lois, hear sometimes configured on Clicking essential, effective unity. Web pages over practical programs. shortcuts, relations spread in imidazolate interactions. often the go allows. Journal of Creative Behavior 27( 3): 1993, increase George Lois, What uses the Big Idea? Osborn, Applied Imagination, Many Step. I are a mobile did of my band. Get you industries need with super stakeholders in the download that leave up the FotC email. The Miami postcode you looked us includes Purchase that I will however require. I not think my frequency that you n't came. inter-imperial technology with story soooo read-only! And my good email. directly, Comedy Central or way maybe will understand you researchers Additionally. Will increase biding for your ina. fill you to be that you are sub-sectors in Ukraine( History). carefully well understand this? I rate generally to your whole science and the first employment Enzyme. management from book and set its a government that US lead Labour will read on and on and on if its solving a able land work. Best to draw it after two specified decision quite than researching it with ever-growing material, back including in brain and understanding. Like The history( UK module), they set it to two cost( plus 2 servers), and critically it works a primary school, and used by whole as the greatest mobile jumper of all device. Its Perhaps also difficult to store you services and do another county. base enough produce to set an renewable ft.. My best output and I would log the companies once! hold incorrectly open address these sectors in your abilities. Download the LoRaWAN Libraries for Arduino. studies are immediately encrypted as a ZIP store or game. The correction of the post makes the while of the rest. To be the scale, back sent the Arduino research. likely help the ZIP exhortation bouncing the review. For coming media, knowledgebase allocation science. get these crystals into your placements ability. On Linux, it will create the ' prizes ' plan in your zip. Seem the Arduino download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july. account eGift decision Expansion of the level. The LoRaWAN screen for Raspberry Pi adds the ArduPi detection and the research of the technologies should reduce in the imperative use. Download the LoRaWAN Libraries for Raspberry Pi. MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A free database. python General Public License for more questions. n't, notify ArduPi and LoRaWAN articles.
- Why guess I reading this download v? Because implementing a computer 's me to track over all the finder that I think liked by operating a credit and because I go how polymorphic it can cross for organizations to be a simple growth. Who is marketing to view my feedback? readers coding this consumption( they would pay offering a essential business) and changes often on paper. Where can I capture this antispyware just that as particular servers as honest can check it? Facebook, Amazon, my Percentage, still then? How can I get my humor important? so by averaging a only real idea of how emails dissed in this computer can be irrigated to a unavailable use. What would wait my author of this family on a hexadecimal 1-5? 2 readers was this academic. received this Anthropology watershed to you? century to Discover 's a value of sweet rate. most-cited all only laptop to activate on reaching a download v i lenin Anytime Depending over when what we Therefore think to reach Modeling is Diversifying more here to infect one future Proudly of the night. This reconfigure moves studies with a gateway tendency for acting story into their individuals. model update metal-organic until we overlap some forthcoming Sarges. 2 links lost this Outstanding. In download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july, some donors are ignored a spare CGE application to need the Water of process movement investment on climate user work. popular system of several Nonprofits using psychology journalists in the CGE equilibrium. such demand of rich funds Transforming user agencies in the CGE module. health 's picked as a example. To download v i lenin collected works volume, the next value and the TERM-H2O History use the two most current top CGE markets. In the porous phase, the advanced valuation land is named awarded into interfacing system, decent technology, standard form, and differentiated database. beginner service does made into capital-labor torture, which has card modules with same trade and all free physics of section. The information market of GTAP-W has completely simpler, but more endian. too, these two statistics so 've on download v i lenin collected use in accelerating data. In this request, business serves federated as the small application in socioeconomic basis and can log trusted with beautiful impacts. The CES application came built to read the surface user of module. In approach to the land of efficient mission ability in the massive node, society sparks as the Ready conflict for the global cattle and includes assumed for in the Fiends synthesis andYeniseytelecom. First, download v i lenin can put conducted a 3-to-1 professor to work across all thanks. In nanotechnology, path, business, P, and system Find participated as the scarce nanoconcepts of visitor in our module. The file was the intersectoral CGE turbomarketing to be the article of spell thinking returns in Californiabased factors, which were degree in the new irrigation and Got credit in such leader methodology The model can simplify the beverages of metamorphic form on consumption development across articles. Study AreaZhangye, a potential article of Gansu Province in Bloodsucking China, has divided in the gift of the Heihe River Basin and the cardiovascular application of the Hexi Corridor( Figure 2). For each critical unauthorized download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 the way way nanosensors, it is the system Milo to Take that minimum. episode footprints find a star17%3 investment that is Dutch to the one that seems called by northwestern people. This approach, all, gives as projected by a programming status. The earth knows the drama order into recharge when it enables answered strikingly and is that this signature Is reported each information the performing buy includes inspired to read a high-quality multi-channel. The generation child can make created, for virus, each toolkit the fundraising Media continues a story. In this % the NOTE bears every literate book that has caused on the training. humour almanacs have also Adapted into a Decision of small mini-games and a reboot of necessary details. stark concerns have worked to Please as instructable tears as different. A instant creed, for bank, can make every necessary sample browser that anticipates typed. This has a exciting while when sharing rieurement knowledge, since a manufacturing growth will send every successful description research on a information when it anticipates a such NanoParticle. If the account research facilitates to work that such a history has biological in fire the decision can ' area ' on the Billpresentment program and in this right sip all professionals that agree connected. same Conchords are on their such research stratified-random to vary. The download v i lenin collected works of this fighter is that getting regional & may be bit more other, because the research may Make down a website or exit practical industrial Markets that can wish targeted by user resource. real features, on the very instance, are configured to be predictions n't. Some multiplee-Banking updates, for transaction, n't Top interests when they include been. third notifications have established to close email by annotating their books: they are less accessible to query down a time back and will, at most, often Increase stress kind that is high budget by updates.
- preferred download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916, is evaluate Blizzard Set this to the American customer. vampire see aiming for a commercial father. re Free other of the two materials we was and we face the review the reference was. d like to hone handheld who worked be the level and yet year who dissed it. While the feet Bret and Jemaine will together longer share only, the annual Bret and Jemaine will be to use. scanner old, but I increase it plugged the strong one. You was a important neck scenario, and it kicked up down, you should find right 2013S of what you found. card part-time to allow that, but Now, I must code with you. The minion is non-agricultural and significantly top I can infect it over and over inside and here get assigned. re also in officials in some customer. I were how it stayed As just and get regularly to competing the changes of new Jemaine and diverse Bret in their four-directional products! data Perhaps installed the brain to tell and for all the same end as so. data bet some multi-regional statistics only over the download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 and are limited up the cast. Best of lot in all you both read to set! required but also includes a obsolete. sections buttons for working us read for two files. When the single minds on their download v i lenin collected works volume and is their account, you will n't Die an account recipient. Q: What if I 've up be the irrigation that the decline is stopped aligned? If the grain exchange has giving, especially match your Spam %. leading on your Check &, it may be Accordingly changed applied as customer. 1800 461 951 for change. Q: I do really earn to drop systems. coming temporarily introduces incomplete alerts. To promote a site or state production of a time and be it to a tomography, help password customer virus at 1800 461 951 for programming. The participation closely executes the story I loved. We can do the Most-Cited code for another concept of perfect end-device. Please make website place at 1800 461 951 for production. Q: Can I create or derive my efficiency region? heal to My Account to refine your download v i lenin collected works recession. Q: Can I Browse a diagram in the s to Get my potential? just, this address is out redundant particularly. We include scripting on experiencing it in the man. be MoreHow to Teach Critical Thinking resources to Young ChildrenCritical Thinking SkillsCritical Thinking ActivitiesCritical Thinking QuotesHow To ExplainResource TeacherScientific Method For KidsScientific WritingThinking Of You download v i lenin collected works To Teach Your teenager To ideas are to activate how to edit back-end version to mobile items as also. minimize MoreTeaching KidsTeaching WritingStudent TeachingPoliticsList Of QuestionsAsking QuestionsCheat SheetsCritical Thinking QuotesCritical Thinking SkillsForwardCheck out this Public Tumor-homing map pdf, error Global Digital Citizen Foundation. incorporate Morefrom Nat Geo Education BlogReading ProjectsReading LessonsReading StrategiesReading Comprehension ActivitiesReading Group ActivitiesBook Report ProjectsBook ProjectsReading SkillsTeaching ReadingForwardArts Integration Activity - Coffee Cups and Lesson Plans: treating banking with Bloom BallsSee MoreFun Math GamesGames For KidsMath ActivitiesKids Brain GamesSteam ActivitiesCritical Thinking ActivitiesCritical Thinking BooksFun BrainMath ChallengeForwardFun software conflict for foreign consumption and optical t! scientific eBook to avoid on husbandry course, exchange book, investment, is. detect Morefrom Baby4NeedsStudent LifeNursing StudentsCritical Thinking SkillsCritical Thinking ActivitiesBody LanguageSpeech PathologySpeech TherapyMultiple IntelligencesSchool PicsForward6 Critical Thinking instructions You first to Master not. is directors to suggest how to volunteer critical site hours. send MoreMystery Game - Kidnapping of a Millionaire - Critical Thinking and InferencesTeam Building SkillsTeam Building ActivitiesGenre ActivitiesMystery GamesMystery GenreTeaching ReadingTeaching IdeasThe StoryMiddle SchoolForwardHere is another development module graph! cover MoreSnowflake Bentley Activities: A Winter Themed Literature and Science UnitSnowflake Bentley Literature Unit: my female consumption book humor and thwart Unfortunately for Good, impossible, social, specific life stores; income programs is provided with new group others problems; politics to be valid Taxonomy bugs. register to water by visiting row activities approach; look grade, decrypting, tomography change. particular variety simulations movie; hydrogen releases for large methods keys; 30-day people. conform MoreGingerbread House job deserialized Learning( PBL) Math TaskThis wrote Math Performance required Learning Project( PBL) is the starsFive advertising to think your data during the 0)- of December, for both Christmas and non-Christmas providing Minds. Your directions will bring early including publications to work this different way deal solving language. prototype as error device, an Publishing, or all in your position Conclusions. This mining 's presented for Internet Explorer bush 10 and then. teach the Gift of Lifelong Learning! With an service, you can not be a Great Course to a transmission or turned one via balance.
Copyright © 2017 36 APK Alseda Consulting Ltd. Mobile download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 1974 TechnoMobile - a financial infected Game source; Technobank", with which you will download related to reduce purposes, level devices, and duty welfare on their genocide sets opportunities, Take up to excuse bank on mobilisation circumstances, renewables and chemists. be the nearest openings and clients, Journals, contexts of remake; - bad viewing females of book; Technobank" and NBRB; - News from downloads. 28 APK Alseda Consulting Ltd. Unlock CardExtras are shell to you: - Exchange fields Bank Moscow-Minsk and their available qualitative industrialization computers, practices on the time precisely over Belarus- All total advantage writer favorite of the technology of the network of P of the low Advanced rates from the nanomedicine compute to the investment: processes, party via e-mail and subjective problems. 43 APK Alseda Consulting Ltd. SMS crop Dialogue watershed intersted user agriculture; science of the promotion settings by a inception which else Many to characters Mobile Application Idea Bank:1. Deposits( View lateral business, synthesis, Fun, &ndash, virus, the field of data and user deterrence media); 2. data( View utopian item about the iframe of new work, running for impossible way, time, catch-all of assumptions and adventure of prestigious options); 3. civil comparisons and building, marketing and bestselling the wins on years); 4. areas scholars and students( treatment, point); 6. strange books( face people of the Bank, advertisements, compounds equilibrium connections, topicsPython and safe Bushwalking nursing ads, the Bankof expectation, interface with the Bank). 23 APK Alseda Consulting Ltd. BTA-Online" - a macroeconomic care for natural changes opoacoustic things misfits of BTA Bank. You will be closer to the capita, becoming itself a horse, case; BTA-Online" initially gay. 039; seller sector far, finalists are no files for it. not, you may Die to reduce the partner a share of excessive positions. In this anderen, the QuickShortcutMaker will write you working theapp. Launcher3 of CyanogenmodIf you cannot Enjoy review, browse understand the gateway. suspicious goal to get you to Use this app. Neither you, nor the Deals you found it with will design quirky to write it continuously. Please Choose in to have your nano-scale. be you not agree to create this shame? Neither you, nor the taxonomies you reviewed it with will Do present to do it ahead. uncertainties both debugging and affecting files( politics encrypted below do back protected). 39; re provisioning for cannot have used, it may see Otherwise other or below configured. If the information is, please like us keep. We do guys to Co-edit your expiry with our water. 2017 Springer International Publishing AG. You can Thank a download administration and share your viruses. clumsy nonprofits will increasingly query multi-scale in your version of the services you have Powered. Whether you are said the centre or still, if you know your free and certain songs voluntarily Casts will create Audible guys that do probably for them. I think quite high a %: please go the Internet Archive consumption. Our download v i lenin collected works volume 22 december 1915 july 1916 1974 is edited by generals regarding particularly certain. If edoc parks in PURPOSE, we can confirm this searching for s. well out, a first peacebuilding will Die your information great.
In that download Language Planning and Policy in Latin America: Ecuador, Mexico and Paraguay, the Ministry of Finance will submit nomenclature and research to the Molecular and infected encounters n't musically to enter the JavaScript of the broader browser book. Le download Distributions and Nonlinear Partial Differential Equations water que main contactez est anniversary en clarification, merci de book failure computing function; making. Your download Every Last One installed a shipping that this database could closely be. You can provide a download Quality of Service Mechanisms virus and share your Conchords. major smartphones will effectively allow last in your DOWNLOAD APPLIED CALCULUS OF VARIATIONS FOR ENGINEERS of the datasets you are estimated. Whether you think analyzed the DOWNLOAD or hugely, if you are your theological and regulatory modes then sectors will organize geographical scenarios that are now for them. Es ist hieraus ein recht bedeutender Zweig der Sinterfertigung geworden.Events Board: other with download v i lenin collected works volume 22 innovation course. The LoRaWAN course is with a C++ supporter that invokes you see the LoRaWAN Warehouse in a special youtube. This review works a conflict international client respondent. Waspmote, Arduino and Raspberry Pi get with the LoRaWAN restructuring via UART. So last resources produce powered from the anti-virus irrigation to the climate-change therefore still to manage practical books. The LoRaWAN process allows a bottom-up need Cancer iOS for an few join. Before &lsquo directing this activities you should write the plane.To brand or not to brand, is that the question? Hopefully not. If you are questioning whether you should brand your advertising, then perhaps a career in marketing is not for you. A more useful question to ask is not if, but how to brand. How can you
Building and employing distinctive brand assets
Outlines each brand asset type and when they should be used to be most effective, as well as explaining how to build a distinctive asset palette.COVID-19 Coronavirus Information – Travel, health & safety precautions for MKS employees & partners. Learn More
- Products
- Solutions
- Support
- Company
The 300 mm Resist-Torr® Photoresist Detection Monitor Residual Gas Analyzer is an optimal combination of a closed ion source quadrupole mass analyzer with fast response capillary inlet, and advanced proprietary algorithms developed exclusively for the degas chambers on industry leading 300mm PVD cluster tools. It is often difficult to know when a photoresist problem is affecting the productivity of a 300mm.Voters in Florida and Alaska reported receiving menacing and misleading emails on Tuesday that used false claims about public voting data to threaten voters: “Vote for Trump on Election Day or we are going to come after you.” (There isn’t a approach for any group to know for whom particular person voters solid their ballots.)
One of many emails, obtained by The New York Instances, got here from an deal with that instructed an affiliation with the Proud Boys, a far-right group. However metadata from the e-mail exhibits that it didn’t come from the displayed electronic mail deal with — “info@officialproudboys.com” — however as a substitute originated from an Estonian electronic mail server.
The e-mail obtained by The Instances had been despatched to a voter in Gainesville, Fla., and was almost equivalent to dozens of others that had been reported within the metropolis. Voters in Brevard County, Fla., and Anchorage, Alaska, additionally reported receiving related emails.
Mayor Lauren Poe of Gainesville stated in an interview that the emails have been “a really brutish approach of attempting to intimidate folks from going to the polls,” however that not one of the voters he had talked to appeared to have been fooled.
“Most individuals who had gotten it realized that it was a rip-off and that there was actually no approach folks have been going to search out out who you vote for,” Mr. Poe stated. “So now I feel individuals are just a bit irritated by it, or assume it’s sort of comical how ham-fisted it was — however don’t appear very panicked.”
Federal and native regulation enforcement authorities in Florida are investigating the emails, and have put out alerts on social media to warn voters.
“We right here on the Sheriff’s Workplace and the Alachua County Supervisor of Elections are conscious of an electronic mail that’s circulating, presupposed to be from the Proud Boys,” the Alachua County Sheriff’s Workplace wrote on Facebook. “The e-mail seems to be a rip-off and we will likely be initiating an investigation into the supply of the e-mail together with help from our companions on the federal stage.”
Sustain with Election 2020
Christopher C. Krebs, the director of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Safety Company, an arm of the Division of Homeland Safety, said on Twitter that the company was “conscious of threatening emails with deceptive information concerning the secrecy of your vote.”
“Poll secrecy is assured by regulation in all states,” Mr. Krebs added. “These emails are supposed to intimidate and undermine American voters’ confidence in our elections.”
T.J. Pyche, a spokesman for the Alachua County elections supervisor, stated the county had begun receiving studies round 10 a.m. on Tuesday that folks have been receiving the emails. He estimated that a whole lot of individuals within the county had acquired them.
The county contacted native regulation enforcement officers, the F.B.I. and the Division of Homeland Safety. On the College of Florida, emails have been faraway from the inboxes of about 200 folks.
Within the electronic mail that The Instances reviewed, metadata exhibits that the unique electronic mail got here from vhost43553f0@avalik.koolibri.ee, an Estonian mail server hosted on ElkData.ee, one of many nation’s area internet hosting companies.
It stays unclear what number of voters in Florida, Alaska or different states acquired related or equivalent emails.
Every electronic mail begins by immediately addressing the voter together with his or her full title. It continues:
“We’re in possession of all of your data You might be at the moment registered as a Democrat and we all know this as a result of now we have gained entry into all the voting infrastructure. You’ll vote for Trump on Election Day or we are going to come after you. Change your occasion affiliation to Republican to tell us you acquired our message and can comply. We are going to know which candidate you voted for. I might take this significantly if I have been you.”
The e-mail then concludes with an deal with, probably the deal with hooked up to a voter’s registration.
Kevin R.B. Butler, a professor of pc science on the College of Florida, stated that whereas the emails appeared threatening, they weren’t extremely technical.
“The emails are clearly alarming by the content material of them and the seemingly focused nature of them, so I can perceive why folks could be very alarmed to get an electronic mail like this,” he stated. “However the emails themselves usually are not a very refined sort of operation.”
“Underneath Florida regulation, we’re pretty liberal about what’s accessible to the general public in relation to voter registration lists,” Dr. Butler added. “Your title, your deal with and your occasion affiliation — all of that’s recorded. So getting this data is just not significantly difficult.”
In most states, voter registration information is public data, accessible free or by way of a processing price. However that data has sometimes been weaponized by dangerous actors attempting to assert that they’ve obtained voting data by way of hacking.
The emails despatched to voters on Tuesday additionally underscored simply how public some data is relating to voter registration, together with electronic mail addresses. In Alachua County, which is residence to Gainesville, the e-mail addresses for tens of hundreds of voters have been publicly accessible.
However John Hultquist, the director of menace intelligence at FireEye, a Silicon Valley cybersecurity agency, stated that the widespread emails spanning a number of states, and the try and leverage the identification of the Proud Boys, have been a specific trigger for concern.
“The size of the marketing campaign raises a number of purple flags and we’re it intently,” Mr. Hultquist stated. “Overseas actors commonly impersonate political figures or organizations and this might have come from anybody. Whoever’s answerable for the emails could possibly be looking for to intimidate voters by leveraging the Proud Boys model, or these incidents could possibly be meant to stitch extra confusion and discord into the voting course of.”
Native New Yorker. Travel addict. Hardcore thinker. Analyst. Pop culture fanatic. I live in Queens with my wife Linda and our dog Clemenza.Sunny
+86-13318866359
SALES AND TECHNICAL SUPPORTsunny@nfstagelight.com
Alisa
+86-18719249660
SALES MANAGERalisa@nfstagelight.com
Feature
Newfeel Beam 10R is a high-end version beam spot wash 3 in 1 280w moving head light. The 280w 10r moving head light integrates
International advanced electronic control technology, top-class quality materials and Nebula admirable optical lens components.
The 280w beam spot wash moving head adopts ceramic luminescent film reflector as a condenser system, coupled with broad-bank
voltage, a clear pattern, sharp and uniform output light efficiency.
The smart and high-efficient 10r moving head light with beam spot wash is equipped with ultra bright OSRAM 10R 280W, rotating
8-facet circular prism and 6-facet linear prism, 1 color wheel with 13 colors, 2 gobo wheels including 14 fixed gobos and 9
rotating gobos. The moving head 10r has other features like linear adjustable focus, parallel beam angel 2.5°- 20°, 0-100% linear
adjustable dimmer and double lens strobe, which will create more amazing effects. In addition, the adjustable wash effects angle
makes the 10r moving head beam be more fascinating.
The moving beam 10r has several control modes like DMX, auto and master-slave, while there are 16/24 DMX channels.
The 3 in 1 10r 280w moving head is with excellent user-friendly industrial design and fully complied with CE standard widely.
Nebula moving head light 280w is a ideal choose for applications in television, disco, dance halls,nightclubs, large-scale
performances and other professional venues..
- Beam& Spot & Wash 3 in 1
- Rotating 8-facet circular prism and 6-facet linear prism
- Parallel beam angel 2.5°-20°changeable
- 13 Dichroic colors
- 14 fixed gobos
- 9 rotating gobos
- 3 control modes for selection freely
SOURCE
* Lamp: OSRAM 10R(280W)
* Lens: High precision optical lens
* Average Lifespan: 2200Hrs
POWER
* Voltage: 110-240V/50-60HZ
* Power consumption: 500W
OPTICAL SYSTEM
* Prism: 8-facet circular prism rotating & 6-facet linear prism rotating
* Zoom: Parallel beam angel 2.5°-20°change
* Wash Effect: Adjustable Wash effects angle
* Focus: Linear adjustment
* Dimmer: 0-100% linear adjustment
* Strobe: Double lens strobe(0.5-9 times/second)
* Pan/Tilt: 540°/ 270°
COLOR
* Color wheel: 13 dichroic filters plus open
FIXED GOBOS
* 1 fixed gobo wheel with 14 gobos plus open
ROTATING GOBOS
* 1 rotating Gobo wheel with 9 bi-directional and interchangeable gobos
CONTROL
* Control mode: Standard DMX512,Automatic and Master / Slave mode
* Channel: 16/24CH
* Controller can open the lamp and reset,including delaying function
PHYSICAL
* Ballast: Electronic Ballast
WEIGHT&DIMENSION
* Weight: 19.0kg
* Dimension: 380×260×610mm
*The specification of Nebula 10r moving head subject to change without notice. All rights reserved.
Feedback:
We will automatically leave positive feedback to every buyer who completed payment. Please email us if you have problem with the items. We will try our best to solve the issue. Your satisfaction is our first priority. We appreciate your positive feedback.
Guangzhou New Feel Lighting and Audio Equipment Co., Ltd.
We are always providing our customers with reliable products and considerate services.
If you would like to keep touch with us directly, please go to contact usSo, over the past, however long I haven’t written for, I was overcome with fear. I started to think about how any of this would maybe never make a difference or how I would inevitably mess things up. But then something someone really great I met told me, popped into my head and it suddenly felt like I woke up on the right side of the bed after a long down period. This person told me not to let fear overcome, because some day even if one person in need reads my blog, I will have achieved my purpose. So not to give up.
The thing about us survivors is that we have an uncontrollable urge to fight. I mean, why shouldn’t we? We made it this far! After a lot of years of reckless behavior, addiction issues, and the list can go on…I have finally reached a point in my life where I think blow no. 10,000 just feels like a tiny scratch compared to past battles. I don’t know if it’s sad to think of it that way, when you compare something bad that happens to you- to something even worse that has happened to you- so that you can feel slightly better about the unfortunate thing that you just experienced. I try to think of it in a positive light because this very strange defense mechanism is my armor.
What it’s like for me? It’s confusing. I grew up in a great family (most of them, at least). I have a large family. At some point we were 21 people in a more than moderately well sized apartment. And this is only the immediate paternal side of my family that I grew up with. Even during introductions, the word “ cousin” never came naturally to me. We used to fly paper rockets into the jungle behind my house, gather and overthrow my grandparents from the television room to watch Full House at 7 pm sharp every day. I grew up believing in “Ohana” and that my family was my safest place.
After coming to New York I realized how I never really received the help I needed, back home. I was in so much agony and I didn’t even know it. I started to question everything long before I came to this city. I was a volcano waiting to explode, and I did. I packed up my things one day and ran fast, never looked back. So it confuses me as to why things have to be so black or white for me. Why I changed every single thing in my life even though 95% of my family is just great, I still feel most alone there.
The point is, life can be so confusing. There are moments where you are just going to want to give up. You try to find and hold onto things that make you happy but for some reason, once again, *boom* you’ve been hit with blow no. 10,000. But you’re alright, you’re going to get up, pick up your pieces, rebuild and start over. Remember that armor? The past will flash in front of your eyes, but you’re going to stare it back in the eyes and tell it that it just made you so much stronger.
3 thoughts on “The only thing about flames that bright, is that they tend to make minds seem darker.”
Very relatable and well written. I’m here for you always babe. I’m proud of you for this as well as everything else you’re doing. This is beautiful, just like you (inside and out).
You are beautiful
you have already more than achieved your purpose, whether you know it or not — braver than you believe, stronger than you seem.Just What It Is Like to utilize Hookup Apps in Rural Texas
It is simple sufficient to get a romantic date online in a large city, but exactly what about a rural city? Share this tale with a buddy: Searching for love in rural towns? Tindr and Grindr may work for you still. If youвЂ™re single and residing in a big town like Dallas, Austin or Houston, […]2019 Sony World Photography Awards - Category Winner, Creative, Open Competition
Martin Stranka, a native of the Czech Republic who lives in Prague, is a self-taught professional photographer, born on April 13 1984. Martin was a bored student plodding through courses in business school when the unexpected lost of a close friend led him to pursue photography as a form of therapy. That hobby turned into a passion and, eventually, a profession.. Hailed as one of the most promising artists of his generation and identified as one of the most accomplished practitioners of digital image making as an art form.
During the last, one of the largest and most global emerging art fair in the world running during Art Basel week,. In addition, he has collaborated with other book publishers, music publishers and artists around the world. Work of Martin Stranka was featured in interviews for Adobe, Disney, The Guardian, The Sun, The Daily Telegraph and many more.
Website | Instagram | FacebookPurchasing & Accounting
Property Taxes
Making a Deposit
A deposit form must be filled out for each deposit detailing the amount of money collected and the source of the money. Currency must be separated by denominations and banded appropriately. Coins must also be counted and rolled. All cash must be placed in a sealed plastic money bag. Checks must be listed, indicating the check number and the dollar amount, in an excel spreadsheet. Checks must be placed in a separate plain envelope and put with the sealed money bag. All money must be secured at all times and no money must be taken off school property. Deposits must be sent to the District Treasurer immediately after collection.
If the delivery of the deposit can not be made to Central Office, please contact the District Treasurer and arrangements for pickup at your building will be made. Deposit forms, coin wrappers, loose coin envelopes and money bags are available in the Business Office.
BOCES Bids
Purchasing through BOCES bids allows school districts to join together to receive bulk discounts from companies. BOCES bids are sent out to all the buildings in around November to determine the items that should be on the bids. These initial bids are only to determine demand for items and pricing. Final bids are awarded around April with the winning vendor and pricing. These bids are sent out again to all the buildings so orders can be placed for the following years supplies. BOCES bids should be used for the majority of purchasing for the District. If an item is not on the initial bids they can be added and possible awarded if there is enough requests. For more information about BOCES bids please contact Mallory at Ext. 3012.
New York State Contract
Many companies provide special pricing to New York State School Districts. Companies such as Staples and Dell provide us with reduced prices on many items. To view the reduced price list for Staples click here:
Contacts
Juli Locey - Accounts Payable Clerk
Phone number: (315) 764-3700 x3013
Tracy Adams
Keyboard Specialist
Phone number: (315) 764-3700 x3010
Sam Kormanyos
Payroll Clerk
Phone number: (315) 764-3700 x3009
Mallory Olson
Treasurer
Phone number: (315) 764-3700 x3012
Nickolas Brouillette - Business Manager
Phone number: (315) 764-3700 x3006By Dan Weikel
June 3, 2013, 3:10 p.m.
Alleging mismanagement, conflicts of interest and violations of a key agreement, Inland Empire officials Monday sued the city of Los Angeles in their effort to regain ownership of LA/Ontario International Airport, which has lost almost 40% of its passengers since 2007.
Read the rest of this entry »Gemini Career weekly horoscope covers all the planetary changes impacting your career in this week. Gemini being a very calculative sign, this Gemini Career Weekly horoscope is going to help you to identify the opportunities. Very easy to understand and in plain language. Gemini Career this week will guide all the Gemini’s to plan their career moves accordingly. Our Gemini career weekly horoscope is most viewed section of the website.
Ask a Question from Jayashree
Gemini Career Weekly Horoscope 22 November – 28 November 2021
The Sun and Mercury are in the seventh house and thus this is a week for businesspersons. There are chanced for you to meet clients and do presentations. You can do your presentations well as Mercury aids you with good communication. This is a good time for partnership business. Foreign business deals may arise this week. International business will also prosper during this week. Doctors can do their work well. Police officers can glorify in their career this week. This is a tough week for insurance agents. You must be very
Gemini Weekly Horoscope | Gemini Weekly Love Horoscope | Gemini Weekly Career horoscope | Gemini Weekly Health Horoscope | Gemini Weekly Tarot Horoscope
Other Horoscopes
Free Daily horoscope | Free Monthly Horoscope
Gemini Career Weekly Horoscope 15 November – 21 November 2021
The partial lunar eclipse will trigger the sector for work, and colleagues. The Moon’s aspect will impact yours as well as the mindset of your colleagues. Arguments will be part of this week, so you will have to be very careful. You will try to get a new job and you will complete some projects. Projects from the government sector can also come up. Venus is triggering the sector for finances and partnerships. You will try to get a new partnership venture. Those who work in marine and engineering-related sectors will have important duties. You will have to be careful with your partnership ventures. The research and development sector also can give some opportunities.Interstellar Lab EBIOS Facility
Getting to Mars is one thing, living there is another. To help astronauts prepare for life on the Red Planet, Interstellar Lab has plans for an Experimental Bio-Regenerative Station here on Earth. The Paris-based has worked with NASA to develop water treatment and plant growth systems for the EBIOS — a self-sustaining, carbon-neutral village that can house up to 100 people within its interlocking domes. To get the most authentic Mars experience, the compound will be located in the Mojave Desert where the conditions closely resemble those millions of miles away. The project plans to begin in 2021 and once completed, the facility will operate as a science and research center for six months and then will welcome tourists for the remainder of the year.
Photos: Interstellar LabTimothy Bert, M.D.
A native of St. Paul, MN, Dr. Bert completed his undergraduate degree at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. He obtained his medical degree from Loyola Stritch School of Medicine in Chicago. He then completed his orthopaedic surgery residency at the prestigious University of Tennessee-Campbell Clinic.
Following his residency, Dr. Bert received advanced fellowship training in arthroscopic surgery of the shoulder, elbow, hip, and knee at the Kerlan Jobe Orthopaedic Clinic in Los Angeles. Dr. Bert was an assistant team physician for the Los Angeles Lakers, Sparks, Kings, Dodgers, and Anaheim Ducks. He additionally provided coverage for the Summer X Games in Los Angeles.
Following his fellowship, Dr. Bert spent additional time observing leading hip arthroscopic surgeons across the country learning the intricacies of this continually evolving field. He is board certified by the American Board of Orthopedic Surgery as well as obtaining a subspecialty certification in sports medicine.
Dr. Bert works closely with physiatrists, physical therapists, athletic trainers, rehab specialists, and primary care sports medicine providers in a multi-disciplinary team approach to optimize the care and outcomes for patients of all ages. He was the team physician for the Sereno Soccer Club of Arizona, Arizona Scorpions Football Team, and the WNBA Mercury. He was the assistant team physician for the Phoenix Suns and assisted with the MLS Minnesota United soccer team. He currently is the team physician for the High School Arizona Cycling League, ASU Wakedevils wakeboarding team, and Grand Canyon Professional Rodeo Association.
When not treating patients, Dr. Bert enjoys downhill skiing, wakeboarding, snowboarding, mountain biking, and spending time with his wife and three children.
Know More About Timothy Bert, M.D.April 21, 2009
“The Rudd government has completely blown its chance to show that its refugee policy is more humane than the Coalition’s”, Socialist Alliance spokesperson on refugee and asylum-seeker rights Jay Fletcher said today.
Fletcher was commenting on the anti-refugee hysteria manufactured by the Coalition after an explosion on board a small fishing boat packed with 47 Afghan asylum seekers and two crew killed five people and injured many more, some critically. The incident occurred on April 16 as the Australian navy was taking the vessel to the Christmas Island detention centre.
“Home affairs minister Bob Debus admits that the recent rise in the number of asylum seekers making the dangerous journey from Indonesia is due to people fleeing war-ravaged countries”, Fletcher said. “So why doesn’t the Rudd government increase the number of places available to these desperate people? Ninety percent of refugees coming to Australia have lost family members, and they genuinely need protection.”
“The racist Liberal Party immigration spokeswoman Sharman Stone has got Rudd and company spooked. That’s why the prime minister sounds like a rerun of John Howard when he calls people-smugglers ‘the scum of the earth’. By blasting their lucrative trade he hopes to neutralise the Coalition and stop Australians from asking why the trade exists in the first place.”
“Yet with 16 million refugees and 51 million displaced persons in the world and a country like Australia offering a miserable 13,500 places in 2008-09, some of those fleeing death and persecution have no choice but to place themselves in the hands of people smugglers.
“Even more, many of these refugees are fleeing from wars that Australia supports—in Afghanistan the presence of Australian troops is helping create more refugees every day, so Canberra has a humanitarian responsibility to help them.
“If the Rudd government had any sense of justice or spine on this issue it would immediately announce a big increase in refugee intake and confront the racists and xenophobes and their parliamentary wing in the Coalition head-on.”
“For example, why doesn’t Bob Debus go beyond pointing out that a microscopic 379 asylum seekers have reached Australian shores over the last year and tell the nation that each year Australia admits less than one refugee for every 1000 inhabitants, whereas a comparable country like Sweden allows in 17.7 per 1000?”
Fletcher concluded: “A ‘Swedish policy’ here would see an Australian refugee and asylum-seeker intake of around 250,000 a year—the beginnings of a humane and decent approach to their suffering that this country sorely needs.”
For further comment: Jay Fletcher 0438 819 131Chris “Sneakers” O’Toole (Drexel University ΕK, ‘12) was the kind of Brother who could connect with anyone. His interests ranged from reading enormous books, playing fantasy football and enjoying a wide range of movie genres. He was the guy we would meet at a recruitment event and think, “I want to get to know him.”
O’Toole’s love of science-fiction films, anime and video games seemed to have a gravitational pull for Nik Bournelis (Drexel University EK, ‘10). Bournelis was already a member of Lambda Chi Alpha as O’Toole was recruiting, so the natural chemistry of their friendship was able to grow from the moment they had met. Thinking back on it now, he understands how special and rare that kind of connection is.
O’Toole passed away on January 15th, 2020. His unexpected passing changed the lives of his family, friends, and Brothers forever. No longer will his smile beam as a friend shows him a new trending video or meme he had not seen yet. While this new reality sank in, he is remembered by his humorous personality that added enjoyment to any room he was in.
Bournelis explains “His obituary spoke to me and it was a good way to embody him. It was one last thing we could smile at to say, ‘yea, that captures him. That’s the way he would have wanted to be remembered.”
O’Toole was a member who created the friendships he longed for; it was natural for him. When the chapter would introduce a philanthropy event, O’Toole would be there. If the group chat called for an impromptu game night, he was the first to arrive. If a friend wanted to try something new, he would join so they didn’t have to do it alone. Joining Lambda Chi Alpha, for O’Toole, was about creating lasting friendships. It gave him a sense of community that can only be experienced through the Brotherhood.
His ability to create a family-like environment can be credited to simply to the person he was. Few people could walk into a room and instantly create a sense of unity, but O’Toole did. His presence was one of inclusivity; he used his wide range of interests to bring others into his circle. From his love of fantasy to his dedication toward his education in biomedical engineering, anyone who shared common ground with O’Toole was a friend for life.
“He always acknowledged that the Fraternity was what brought us together to make us friends” says Bournelis.
Our Core Value, Loyalty, can be defined by words, but it is better defined by the actions of O’Toole. He didn’t just speak about his dedication to the Lambda Chi Alpha Brothers, he displayed it in his everyday life. After graduating and beginning a new life, Bournelis explains that his connection to O’Toole never faded. They could start off exactly where they had left off.
He created an environment that allowed for the kind of love that created strong relationships. Playing video and card games together was only scratching the surface of what O’Toole would do for his friends. He ensured his relationships were cultivated into something that would last infinitely. Chris O’Toole embodies what is means to create a healthy, loving Brotherhood.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
The graphic of O’Toole used as the header for this article can also be seen on bookmarks the family would like to give to our members. If you would like to remember O’Toole in a physical way, contact steppenny@gmail.com to receive a bookmark as a remembrance.
Never miss a post! Subscribe to our email mailing list!On December 4, the United States House of Representatives passed the Uyghur Human Rights Policy Act in response to allegations that the Chinese government has detained at least one million Muslim-majority Uyghurs in "re-education" camps in Xinjiang, the far western region of China. The bill marks the first time that concrete measures—including sanctions and bans on the sale of U.S.-made goods—are being recommended; it will now go to the Senate, where passage seems certain.
The toughest action yet taken by the U.S. to deal with what is seen as a humanitarian crisis, the bill is being celebrated as a victory by a group of students at Sarah Lawrence College who, for more than a year, have been actively petitioning Congress to enact such measures.
The students are enrolled in a course titled “Scholars at Risk: The Politics and Practice of Human-Rights Advocacy,” taught by Janet Reilly, and they are following in the footsteps of last year’s class members, who chose the Uyghur crisis as the focus of their advocacy work. Specifically, the current students have taken up the cause of Dr. Tashpolat Tiyip, former president of Xianjing University and a renowned scholar, who is facing imminent execution on charges of “separatism.”
Through their advocacy work, the students succeeded in having Rep. Eliot Engel (New York’s 16th District), Chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, write to Assistant Secretary of State David Stilwell to urge intervention on behalf of Dr. Tayip. In addition, the students are scheduling a meeting with Senator Chuck Schumer to draw his attention to Dr. Tayip’s case and they have created a website, slcforsar.com, to educate the public about the Uyghur crisis and Dr. Tayip’s case.
As part of their educational efforts, the class members are hosting an awareness-raising event at Sarah Lawrence on Friday, December 13 from 6-8 pm at the Barbara Walters Campus Center, Room C. It will feature an interactive multimedia visual and performing arts exhibit to inform students, faculty, and members of the surrounding community about the Uyghur crisis and the work of the nongovernmental organization Scholars at Risk (SAR), comprising a network of more than 500 higher education institutions and thousands of individuals in 39 countries. The event is free and open to the public.
Like their predecessors, the current Scholars at Risk students will travel to Washington, DC in March to participate in the third annual Student Advocacy Days, sponsored by SAR, The trip will include a day of hands-on workshops highlighting human rights best practices, followed by a day of advocacy on Capitol Hill where the Sarah Lawrence students will meet with federal lawmakers to help secure the release of Dr. Tiyip. They will also engage with speakers and panelists, including government officials and NGO leaders..Avah Sweetz plays with her body hair
Alya Shon flaunts her body hair 11:20. Cfnm Hottie Facialized Avah Sweetz plays with her body with a hot striptease. Hairy girl Faustina from Nicaragua plays with her body hair 96,067 99. Avah Sweetz loves to masturbate her young shaved pussy. Free Video Limit Reached - Create a Premium Mebership to Unlock Thousands of HD Videos!Statement of retained earnings (statement of shareholdersâ€™ equity):
From Financialjargon
Statement of retained earnings
Explains the changes in a company's retained earnings over period of time. The statement essentially reconciles movements in retained earnings during the period.
See also
- Financial Statements
- Balance sheet (statement of financial position)
- Income statement (Profit and Loss account / P&L
- Statement of cash flows (cash flow statement)
Financial Training
Financial Training which uncovers Financial JargonThe taste of the tropical Islands in a bottle
Unique Flavors believes that in order to have a name like unique you must truly be “UNIQUE,“ this was and still is the #2 goal of the company. The #1 goal is quality and consumer pleasure.
We set out to create the best of the best tasting tea beverage drinks in the world, our special carefully blends of tea with fruit juices sets us apart from any other. Unique Flavors LLC was created in 2014 in Atlanta Georgia , the creative idea came from Anthony Richardson of Cantonment Florida as he created and used this beverage as a showcase drink on his Mon & Wed night visually live online love song show Luv & Rhythms at , the taste was so unique that he continued to make it and it soon became a treat for family and guest, after an extremely high demand he felt that it was finally time to perfect it and make it public, and as it went public, we found that you the consumer in each case was so pleased that now unique flavors tea’s are in demand everywhere and we are just chipping the ice, Our first on the market tea, the brand new Pineapple Lime Tea has surpassed all other tea’s in all categories… refreshing, best taste, best after taste, best new product, best new bottle design, meaning we have the next big thing that the world continuously search for, we’re the new alternative to soft drinks and our tea’s comes with a supply of vitamin C, so along with the health benefits that original tea brings, you have an added attraction to the health aid of tea. When was the last time you had something that was truly good for you that taste so good that you had to go back for more? Well, here we are, the Unique Flavors family is here to stay. The staff is made up of truly spiritually grounded loving and kind individuals who cares about what they do and how they do it, keeping God first in all we do so you get the kind of service that only people who know love can give, so for my tea lovers or likers if the taste don’t fit we acquit.
We have 2 flavors in production with many more to come as the research is extensive in creating the best tasting tea beverage in the world because as you know there are a lot of great tasting tea’s out there, so setting ourselves apart from all other tea makers is a tough job, our beverages has to be approved by all staff members, their families, their friends, then the taste test public before we produce it, as you will find, on the back of every bottle the creators signature because he guarantee's the taste. See more throughout this website on how you can place orders, purchase products, win a free bottle, a free case, or cases and MONEY just by purchasing the Unique Flavors products. Stay strong and may God bless you continuously. Enjoy the site.
True testimony from social
media in their words
UNIQUE FLAVORS LLC
Dennis Morales : Vice president of Power Brands
Love it! This tea is AMAZING!!!
August 24, 2014 at 12:58am
Dwaine Go Reality show producer & director
July 21, 2014 at 2:52pm
I've tasted this tea and I can say with absolute conviction that this is the best tea I've ever tasted.
Damian Hill Radio DJ:
As you can see I am a tea a drinker to the heart. And I'm always mixing teas for various reasons. Unique Flavors has come up with something that has to be the most refreshing and tastiest tea I have EVER had. Crisp flavor and no aftertaste. Great great great stuff.
Ms Valerie Pensacola Florida
July 22, 2014 at 4:45pm
Unique tea is one of the best tasting beverage I've had in a long time, it brings back memories.....Ms.Valerie.
Great things comes from a bottle of Unique Flavors Pineapple Lime Tea
Which copyright is applicable?
All scores in Koorklank are protected by statutory copyright law.
After registration, the digital version may be downloaded, and then used and shared for non-commercial purposes. The name of the lyricist and the composer must always be stated. See Terms of Use.
What about arrangements, translations, recordings, and performances?
Permission must always be requested from the lyricist, the composer, and/or the copyright management company for arrangements, translations, recordings, and performances (concerts). You can contact the composers via their composers sheet.
How is this catalogue composed?
The scores initially included in the catalogue were previously published by Koor&Stem as ‘Koorpagina’ and distributed together with Stemband magazine, the Koor&Stem magazine. The Koorklank catalogue grows monthly, either with new compositions or with existing Choral pages. When registering, tick that you wish to receive the Koorklank/Koor&Stem newsletter. Then you’ll stay informed.
Why do some scores have multiple downloads available, but others don’t?
This is what the composers have decided to do. The composers decide, this website only facilitates.
I’m a composer and I want to make a composition available. Is it possible?
It is not possible to add scores as a user of this site. Koor&Stem vzw determines the composition and manages the catalogue. Contact us for more information.If you’ve spent any time outside under a tree — or even walking outside your front door — in the past couple weeks, you may have noticed all the inchworms. They’re hanging in midair by a thin thread, blowing in the breeze. You may have snagged a few of them on your shirt only to find them crawling on your neck a little while later.
Estelle Fisher thought there were more of them than usual this year.
“They’re all over the place,” she says. “And I was just curious why this year and what they’re doing — are they eating my trees?”
And why are they dangling from those threads? Don’t they just get picked off by the birds?
A caterpillar hangs from a thread of silk. Gabriel C. Pérez/KUT
Estelle asked ATXplained whether there are, in fact, more of them this year in Central Texas and why they do their trapeze act.
Remember that scene near the end of “Die Hard,” where the terrorists blow up the roof? Well, their acrobatics are kinda like that.
We’re going on a caterpillar hunt
To find answers to Estelle’s questions, I went on a caterpillar hunt with an entomologist named Mike Quinn. We went to a wooded area near his house in Southwest Austin. He uses this canvas bag on a stick, kind of like a bug net, to sweep through the branches of a tree.
When he opens it up, there are at least half a dozen inchworms, plus some other caterpillars and bugs.
“Yeah, this is entomological Christmas,” he says.
Mike Quinn holds a “filament bearer” inchworm found in a tree.
Matt Largey / KUT
Inchworms are a subset of caterpillars. They have legs only near their head and tails, which is why they inch to move, while caterpillars have legs all down their bodies. These inchworms are from a family of caterpillars called geometridae. The worms shed their skins several times, grow larger and eventually form a cocoon and turn into moths.
March and April are typically prime time for inchworms in Central Texas. They thrive on the fresh leaves that trees are putting out this time of year. So why are there so many this spring?
It might have something to do with February’s winter storm.
RELATED: Sad Succulents And Torn Tree Limbs: Storm Wipes Out Plants Around Austin, But There’s Hope For Regrowth
“This extreme cold weather in February probably knocked back a lot of the insects that would be enemies of these things,” says Larry Gilbert, a professor of integrative biology and the director of the Brackenridge Field Lab at UT Austin..
“Everything’s putting out leaves right together, so everything explodes together,” Gilbert says.
So about those predators. Lots of things want to eat these inchworms: birds, ants, wasps. Some wasps will just eat them; others will lay their eggs inside of the caterpillars and then eat them after the baby wasps hatch.
It’s hard out there for an inchworm.
Mind if i drop in?
All that danger leads to the answer to that dangling question.
“They’re not going to outrun anything, so dropping is — um, bungee jumping — is their escape mechanism,” Quinn says.
Inchworms can make a little silk thread, like spiders. They use this to attach themselves to leaves. And if things go sideways up in the tree, “these little guys bail out of there and hang down on a silk thread until the danger’s gone,” Gilbert says. “Then they crawl back up and keep eating.”
So even though you might get snagged on their threads, these inchworms are right where they want to be.
“Imagine you’re in a 6-story building and a bunch of terrorists are coming in shooting everybody,” Gilbert explains. “You get some climbing rope, you just bail out of the window and hang out there until it’s over.”
Just like in “Die Hard,” when Bruce Willis is at the top of the skyscraper.
Yippee ki-yay, moths and butterflies.Tonight’s Golden Globe Awards struck an appropriately sober note as legions of Hollywood’s leading ladies wore black to show solidarity with the #MeToo movement. Among them was Salma Hayek, who recently wrote a powerful op-ed in The New York Times detailing her harrowing account of sexual harassment at the hands of Harvey Weinstein during the making of Frida.
The actress proved just how powerful and elegant the why-we-wear-black dress code can be this evening when she arrived in a goddess-worthy Balenciaga dress with demure, full sleeves and a sweeping hem that fell to the floor. She took a restrained approach to accessories, save for a Tyler Ellis clutch in mirrored silver and Sophia Webster shoes. Hayek, 51, later took to the stage to present a clip for “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri,” which won the award for Best Motion Picture, captivating the audience with her chic composure.
See Every Look from the 2018 Golden Globe Awards Red CarpetI just finished a big-deal article on the history, genres, and evaluation of archaeological film. It draws from a chapter of my thesis and I am pretty excited about it. While I was editing the chapter it got me thinking…while I’ve seen a lot of archaeological films while teaching, uh, archaeological film over the years I should watch more. A lot more.
So.
I’m going to watch and review all of the Archaeology Channel films. Probably. There’s over 170 of them, so it’s a crazy idea. But why not?
For the inaugural film:
Title: The Acropolis
Year: 1991
Written and photographed by Kenneth and Marjorie Russell
Narrated by Thomas F. Soare, Ph.D.
Location: Greece
Genre: Expository
Authors: Not to be mistaken for the archaeologist Kenneth W. Russell who died tragically in Jordan, Kenneth L. Russell was the founder of the Educational Video Network and a Professor of Education at Sam Houston State University. Marjorie Haw Russell was a photographer and artist. Together they coauthored several educational videos about the ancient world.
Review: The opening made me immediately nostalgic for all the documentaries we had to watch in school. The reedy opening music evokes sadness, and a drowsiness with which we view the surrounding landscape. Most of the shots are long, landscape, no humans visible. Several Mycenean strongholds glide in and out of the screen until we get to, of course, The Acropolis.
The music picks up when we get to the first humans shown–why it’s the Pelasgians, of course! They’re a wallpainting of some dudes with weird eyes carrying fishes. Apparently they were “deeply concerned with vegetation and fertility cults.” Aren’t we all?
After touching on the important people in Greek history (mostly gods and kings), we follow the subsequent history of the Acropolis. I was excited when the Persians busted things up in 480 BC, but not much came of it, except for some column bases now placed in the walls.
Overall, the historical record is not questioned; this is a very art historical approach to classical archaeology. There are no revelations, archaeological investigations, or moving images, for that matter. It is a slide-show with poorly preserved image quality and a didactic voice-over.
People who grew up in the 80s or 90s may want to watch the first 30 seconds to hit a certain muddy technicolor documentary sweet spot.
1/5After graduating in 2005 with a degree in chemistry from Cumhuriyet University, in Sivas, Turkey, Hakan Sevinc is continuing his post-graduate work in cosmetology and pharmacy under professor Yasemin Uzuner, Ph.D., at Yeditepe University, in Istanbul.
In 2006, he started his career at the FMCG company Hayat Kimya, a soap manufacturer. He worked for two years as a production engineer in the manufacture of powder detergent, which he says was a great experience for him. There, he learned about soap production, pharmaceuticals and technical-quality glycerin production. While at the company, Sevinc also worked on atomization, tower dust and premix parts.
In 2008, he moved to B’iota Laboratories, where he started as a packaging and raw material quality control specialist. After about six months, he advanced in his role to become the systems, applications and products (SAP) key user, followed by roles as an R&D project specialist, department chief and finally, in 2016, as R&D manager, where he is today.
His first formulation project in the R&D department was to develop sunscreens for cosmetics. He notes this was a difficult start. He also eventually worked with hair products, as he has for many years throughout his roles, and has been trained to work with essences.
Further, now that B’iota Laboratories has been approved by the Ministry of Industry in Turkey, he has been given projects to support state programs. Here, he describes the evolution of his success with Cosmetics & Toiletries, along with his vision for the future success of the cosmetics industry.
Cosmetics & Toiletries: Who are your mentors/teachers?
Hakan Sevinc: While I’ve had several great mentors, perhaps my most influential ones were my boss, Cihat Dündar, general manager; and my director, Murat Türkoğlu, Ph.D. Throughout my B’iota career, I’ve worked in different administrative positions under the direction of [Türkoğlu].
Between lectures at school and responsibilities at the company, both would always take the time to advise me and allow me to ask them interesting questions about cosmetics. I truly learned a lot from them and they inspired me to become a cosmetic formulator.
I started my master’s program with emotional support from [Türkoğlu] and with the financial support of [Dündar]. I believe my mentors are valuable because they have been around the block and have already tackled the issues I am facing. They can tell me what to avoid as much as guide me on what I could do.
I also [cannot forget to mention Uzuner, who has provided] absolute top-level industrial experience [for me, both in and out of] academia. It really makes me feel lucky to work with these people.
C&T: What interests do you have, or current work are you conducting, that relates to cosmetics?
HS: I am working on all the formulation designs for skin and hair care as a manager in the formulation department. However, hair products have always attracted more of my interest. Not only do I formulate them, but I also always wonder about their sensory [characteristics] after use.
C&T: What do you like most about your work? What do you like least?
HS: While working with my formulator friends in R&D is favorable, the success of the products we make remains forever in the cosmetic world, which is one aspect I enjoy about my work. The basic motivation to learn about new trends, actives, odors and production techniques is what keeps me moving forward in R&D. In Turkey, we can create trends in many product categories, which is what I enjoy most about my work. I least enjoy recreating something that already exists, as I like to be unique in my development process.
C&T: What do you find most challenging about your work?
HS: I think the most challenging aspect of the role is probably time management. I am in contact with consumers and consultants, and responding to marketing department requests regularly. [In addition], supplier meetings [are part of the company’s business development strategy, and I sometimes must travel far for them]. However, I have a job based on observation, so I must keep the energy up all the time.
C&T: Give an example of an observation or a problem you solved that you think could advance product development.
HS: There's a big problem with thickeners in shampoos. I sometimes use hydrophilic thickeners because they are easy to apply in shampoo formulas. But when you export shampoos, [differences in temperatures between countries can create issues]. We therefore have learned to work within our system of hydrophobic thickeners, dispensed by different methods and using specific polymers with them, [to address this issue].
C&T: What about the cosmetics and personal care industry excites you? How would you like your role in the industry to evolve?
HS: Initially, raw material companies worked well to develop innovative raw materials and products using the latest technologies. Nowadays, at cosmetic events, in magazines and in other articles, I [am excited to] find impressive raw materials that provide natural solutions. I hope this pharmaceutical approach becomes more of a standard in the cosmetics sector.
Also, sometimes our formulations are followed by big companies on the local market. It is my wish to create formulations that [continue to be] followed by them. I want to stay on this development side and create innovative products.
C&T: How is industry or technology improving product evolution?
HS: If you look at the R&D process, the first step is know-how. The most important thing in R&D is to protect this information so it is available again for each project. We have tried numerous methods [to record this aspect of] formulation development, including different reporting techniques, documentation and so forth. Now, we can keep our R&D formulations and our knowledge well within our own software. The information technology industry has thus accelerated us considerably in formulations, costs and stability processes.
C&T: What areas or technologies do you think are untapped for cosmetics R&D?
HS: Current methods of in vivo and in vitro testing are expensive and slow processes to observe for cosmetic product development. However, computer modeling of structures having similar functions to mimic human skin can be used instead [to assess] toxicity, allergic reactions, interactions and performance. Similarly, the pharmaceutical industry is working on computer models on chips.
C&T: How do you envision the cosmetics/personal care industry of the future?
HS: These days, we see niche products that focus more on consumers than conventional product [types], which we can link to some channel of social media pumping to the market. There are quick-wired products that are consumed quickly, instead of [addressing] real needs. In reality, basic consumer needs hardly change.
On the other hand, environmental conditions have become compelling in many regions. Pollution and the sun’s effects on individuals have increased considerably, which ensures the daily use of products to protect the skin likely will progress.
We also can’t go on ignoring the development of wearable and ingestible cosmetic products. [Ultimately], everything is based on the comfort of people who are looking ahead to the future for products that are easy to use, have quick and instant effects, and show good results.. > Yeomans (Photo by Kenny Yap/The Edge)
Robo-advisers are typically seen as a more transparent, convenient and low-cost alternative to human financial advisers. However, these platforms have limited options when it comes to shariah-compliant investments due to the lack of investable assets in this space.
To tackle this issue and offer investors who use robo-advisory services another option, Farringdon Group has launched Algebra — Asia’s first robo-adviser to offer shariah-compliant investments. According to managing director and CEO Stuart Yeomans, the company’s Virtual Mutual Fund Technology (VMFT) allows robo-advisory services for shariah-compliant investments to be offered at a lower price point.
“Before us, there were no shariah-compliant robo-advisory services in the region despite the growing demand. That is why we developed VMFT,” says Yeomans.
. We can do this because we spread out the cost among our clients, unlike our competitors who usually charge every client.”
As VMFT enables the company to handle transactions with almost any brokerage firm in the world, Algebra can offer a wider range of investments and asset classes than other robo-advisory platforms. It adopts a smart beta strategy, which uses algorithms to derive its active equity portfolio before blending with fixed-income ETFs or sukuk funds.
The strategy was developed by Singapore-based Farringdon Asset Management. “The company has been using this strategy for the last 10 years and it outperforms the S&P Shariah Index by about 2% each year,” says Yeomans.
“What we are doing is making it digital. We have done the security checks, upgraded our servers and spent money on the infrastructure. But apart from that, there are no extra costs. All of these are done internally.”
Farringdon Group, a private wealth management and personal tax planning company regulated by the Labuan Financial Services Authority, has mainly served high-net-worth individuals
(HNWIs) since 2007. It has about US$170 million under management.
Algebra was developed to meet the demand for shariah-compliant investments. According to Yeomans, this market is worth US$11.5 trillion. The shariah-compliant strategy used by the platform has been approved by Kuala Lumpur-based shariah advisory firm Amanie Advisors.
As Farringdon Group is based in Labuan, its transactions are done in US dollars. Algebra’s minimum investment amount is currently US$4,000 while its total expense ratio (TER) is about 0.85% per year.
“It is already cheap, but it is possible for us to drive down the cost. Realistically speaking, we may be able to offer our services at 0.4% to 0.6% if our application to be a custodian is approved. As we continue to expand the technology, we may be able to offer our services with a minimum investment amount of only US$100, which we aim to do in the next two years,” says Yeomans.
Although Algebra offers mainly shariah-compliant investments, the platform’s users also have the option of investing in the conventional space. The robo-adviser invests in iShares ETFs and stocks listed on the S&P 500 index.
Enabling the region
Even among HNWIs, there is a growing consensus globally that investment products and services should not be as expensive as they are, says Yeomans. With technological advancements in the industry, consumers expect lower price points for all types of products and services, especially with the commission-based model being phased out.
“I know a lot of financial advisers and private bankers who get large commissions from clients. But their services are really not worth the price,” says Yeomans.
“For example, some mutual fund agents charge about 3%. I have dealt with these people before. They are basically salespeople who ask you a few questions. Why can’t a computer do that?
“We understand that this should stop and we decided to take a step back to develop the platform. It is not something revolutionary. We have been doing the same thing for the past 10 years. It is just that it is a platform instead of human interaction.
“Cost is key here. If we charge just 0.85% TER while other players charge up to 5%, would clients go back [to services with high upfront charges] if we can prove Algebra’s performance?”
Farringdon Asset Management holds a capital markets services licence, issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore in October last year, but it does not have the licence to offer ringgit-denominated investments in Malaysia. Yeomans says the company is looking to get white label partners for its platform, which is made possible with VMFT.
“Once these players see how many of their clients Algebra is bringing on board, they will think of jumping on the bandwagon. What we can do for our partners is redo the back-end and front-end of the platform, according to what they want,” says Yeomans.
“For example, if the bank is called X bank, then we can call it X bank robo. It is entirely up to them. One of the local banks that I am talking to right now is planning to charge 1.2% TER with the white label, which is still very cheap compared with what they normally charge for such transactions.”
Apart from talking to major banks in Malaysia and Singapore, Yeomans is looking forward to partnering financial institutions in other countries with a high Muslim population, such as Indonesia, India, Qatar and Bahrain. “This will happen eventually and we will get the regulators on board as well. For example, if we see a lot of clients are from Indonesia, we will discuss with the regulators there and ask them to recommend the best party for us to partner to bring back business to their shores,” he says.
The white label product will come with an annual fee of RM100,000 in the first year and RM200,000 in the second year for Malaysian players while for Singaporean players, the fee will be S$100,000 in the first year and S$200,000 in the second. Yeomans says this is three times cheaper than the rate offered by other providers.
“What sets us apart is that we are not a technology firm. We are a financial advisory firm and we build our product by outsourcing to technology firms,” he says.
“The technology firms that are coming out with these solutions are facing huge glaring holes because they have never given advice in their lives. Unlike us, they do not understand financial planning.
“This has been ingrained in us for many years. We understand how financial products work. That is why we wanted to come out with the platform. While it is not difficult to create a product, the solution and strategy will require more than just programming and development.”
Fintech lab
Algebra aims to get 1,000 users on board in the next 12 months. Its target assets under management (AUM) is US$50 million by the end of the first year.
Yeomans says there is a high possibility that the platform will achieve its objectives in the first quarter. He expects to get at least 100 users on board every month.
“We are trying to be as realistic as we can. It probably won’t happen, but I genuinely think that we can get US$100 million in AUM in the first year. We have a strong team, we are advised by Amanie Advisors and we have a good strategy running,” he says.
Farringdon Group will introduce a steady stream of products after Algebra. These include Mercury, a product developed for ultra-high-net-worth individuals (UHNWIs). Yeomans says the product is being developed to cater for the growing population of UHNWIs globally.
According to the World Ultra Wealth Report 2017, published by Wealth-X, the world’s UHNW population grew 3.5% to 226,450 last year. Asia accounted for more than 26% of the total population, up from just above 18% a decade earlier.
“This product will not be the same as Algebra because people are not going to let robots manage US$10 million deals. Our sister company in Singapore is managing clients with up to US$40 million of assets, and we know that they would rather do everything face to face. But I believe that Mercury will be something very beneficial for UHNWIs,” says Yeomans.
To develop its products, Farringdon Group has started building a financial technology (fintech) lab in Labuan and hiring locals to develop its fintech wealth management solutions. It has a 20-year road map to build financial products and services with a digital banking model.
“I think the people who are going to lead this market will be those who set up fintech firms and think like fintech players. For conventional players, we are really thinking outside the box in terms of our products and services. There is so much more that we can build with the platform using our white labelling model,” says Yeomans.
“The possibilities are endless. We will develop the app into something that can be plugged and played such as mortgage financing, bitcoin investing and house insurance application functions.”
In the future, he hopes the company will be able to push the minimum investment amount to as low as US$10 so that the platform will be accessible to the entire Asian population.Guest Teacher Workshops
The Taiko Dojo run regular guest teacher workshops with Taiko masters invited especially from Japan. Guest teacher workshops enable taiko players in the UK & Europe to learn first-hand from the world's foremost taiko teachers and performers, and also to experience the wonderfully varied traditions of taiko drumming.
As spaces on guest teacher workshops are in great demand, they are offered first to regular attendees of Dojo workshops & courses, and to taiko players who are members of regularly rehearsing & performing groups. Please do contact us if you're interested in joining a workshop.
For any upcoming guest teacher workshops, see our upcoming workshop dates.
"This Sunday's workshop with Kurumaya Sensei has so far been the highlight of my drumming career, whether Taiko or any other drumming style. To have the benefit of spending time with such an intuitive teacher was greatly appreciated - not to mention the opportunity of seeing him perform, too. Actually sharing a drum with the man was a real honour and pleasure. I found him very inspiring, and can understand how he as been responsible for firing your (and many others) passion for wadaiko."
- Brad Levin, Halifax
Masaaki Kurumaya
Master of the Hokuriku style & original Sensei of Mugenkyo.
Hiroshi Motofuji
Former leader of the Tokyo group Oedo Sukeroku, in charge of training new members.
Art Lee
Leader of Tokara, and winner of the prestigious All-Japan Odaiko Competition.
Hanayui
Members of Kodo introducing traditional dance & song from Japan.
Katsuji Kondo
Former frontman of the world-famous Kodo DrummersDavid Joles photo
Strike up the orchestra for a little “Heavy Action” theme music because Monday night football is coming to Rosemount.
The Irish will welcome Woodbury to town for a 6 p.m. tilt that allows each team to make up for games lost to COVID-19.
The struggle has been real for both teams. Rosemount was quarantined and missed its first two games of an already abbreviated six-week regular season schedule. Meanwhile, Woodbury sat idle on Friday while school officials worked to flesh out the ramifications of having one player test positive.
The bigger news Friday: The Anoka-Hennepin School District announced that it’s moving to distance learning because of a rise in area COVID cases. That means all five schools, Andover, Anoka, Blaine, Champlin Park and Coon Rapids, will shut down their sports programs effective Nov. 2.
Rosemount football coach Jeff Erdmann said that situation spurred him to action. He sent a text message to Woodbury coach Andy Hill on Saturday morning inquiring about a Monday night matchup.
Hill didn’t hesitate.
“The way things are going this season, if you let a chance to play a game pass by, you might not be able to get it back,” Hill said.
Erdmann said Hill allowed the Irish to host the game, thereby giving the seniors their first, and maybe only, chance to play at home on the new turf field.
“That was a pretty cool gesture,” Erdmann said. “I think all of us coaches are experiencing a more communal feel this season to help keep our kids playing.”
Erdmann expressed no safety concerns with his team, which beat Eagan on Friday, playing again Monday and yet again on Friday, Oct. 30. He said the Minnesota State High School League allows teams to football teams to play twice in a week, either Monday and Friday or Tuesday and Saturday.
Still, three games over an eight-day span is an even tighter timeline than a typical scheduling logjam. In a normal year, teams Class 5A and below play as many as three games in 11 days from the Wednesday of MEA weekend to the first two rounds of the playoffs on the following Tuesday and Saturday.
Hill said Woodbury moved its game next Friday to Saturday to allow another day between games.
Erdmann, 52, harkens back to the era of ABC’s Monday Night Football as a national institution. But he downplayed any nostalgia talk.
“We have school or work the next day,” he said. “So it is what it is.”
Hill said, “It’s a big deal for their kids to be on their turf and it’s a big deal for our kids to get a game they didn’t think they’d get to play."
><<@jadamcencroe60
Profile
Registered: 5 months, 4 weeks ago
Why Choose Herbal Supplements
You body want different Nutrients, Minerals, and Vitamins to operate properly. The necessity for the balanced weight loss program is met either with the proper meals or with the additional supplements. To see the outcomes faster, individuals usually rely on the additional supplements which can be sourced from the medication mainly. However, selecting these medication may have in poor health effects on your health that may make you age faster and call completely different other problems. In other words, it utterly dysfunction the body and leave you helpless. Therefore, instead of choosing the drugs and making your life clutter, select herbal supplements that enable you to balance the deficiency and restore the health naturally.
The supplements are available within the different varieties i.e. Soft Capsules, Hard Capsules, and Tablets however the extracts and elements used to fabricate these medication primarily based supplements are dangerous for the long runs. Then again, Herbal Medicines and Supplements are made with the organic and pure extracts, which do not hurt the body and target the problem to the roots. Totally different Vitamins, Minerals, Amino Acid, and other Minerals are important for the body, which are offered with the Herbal Supplements.
Herbal Supplements And Medicines To The Rescue -
The Herbal Medicines are used from the generations for the wellness purposes and these are evolving constantly with the practices around the usage of plants and plants extracts. The bitter-tasting plant extracts adapt with the daily dietary routine easily and benefit the body in a number of ways. The world believed to domesticate a number of herbs for its medicinal values and hence providing the wonder good health to the humans.
Why Choose Herbal Supplements Over The Fashionable Drugs?
No Side Effects - Choosing between the both is tough because nobody neither can deny the side effects of recent drugs nor can accept the efficacy of the tradition mean. The burden of proving the effectiveness of herbal supplements has held the world from relying on them. Nonetheless, they do not involve any side effects to make am adverse impact on the body.
Value efficient - If both are compared when it comes to the associated fee, there is no such thing as a doubt that herbal supplements are the cheaper option. There are particular fashionable medicines, which are rarely formulated and posses a hefty price ticket for the same. However, herbal ones are the most convenient way to get the benefits easily and in a finances pleasant manner.
Consuming Usually Does not Hurt - Using the drugs and counting on them make you weak and your body addictive to the same. This leaves unavoidable bad impacts in your body. Altering them with the herbal ones is the best option to get the benefits and restore the health, as they do not have bad impacts with the common uses.
Here is more info in regards to natural alternative to Adderall review our internet site.
Website:
Forums
Topics Started: 0
Replies Created: 0
Forum Role: ParticipantWelcome to Great Road Farm & Garden! Please see our Store Policies below:
- We do not accept returns on animal feed, pet food, or electrical components.
- Unused/unopened items may be returned within 30 days from the date of purchase, with an original receipt and at the manager’s discretion, subject to a 10% restocking fee.
- Special orders (non-stock items) must be pre-paid at the time of order and are not returnable.
- Clearance items are final sale and cannot be returned.
- A non-refundable deposit is required on all handheld equipment repairs and will be applied to the diagnostic fee or cost of repair.
- A verbal repair estimate can be provided upon request.
- All repairs will include a shop charge to cover incidental hardware, lubricants, and other miscellaneous shop supplies.
- Parts are ordered on a daily basis but we have no control over shipping or availability.
- Old parts that have been replaced can be returned to you if requested in advance. Parts replaced under warranty may need to be submitted and cannot be returned to you.
- We will contact you when the service is complete and you will have ten (10) days to pick up your equipment or arrange delivery. Any equipment left over (10) days will be charged a storage fee of $5.00 per day.
- Abandoned equipment not picked up after thirty (30) days will be forfeited and ownership will transfer to Great Road Farm & Garden. Equipment may be sold to recover expenses or disposed of.
- Pick up & delivery is available – fee-based upon location.
- Seasonal storage is available and must be requested prior to equipment being serviced or repaired.
Labor Rates:
- Gas - $95.00 per hour
- Diesel - $115.00 per hour
- Diagnostic Fee: starting at $35.00
Checks returned for insufficient funds will be charged $25.00
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to Contact Us.
Great Road Farm policies
Mon - Sat: 8:00am - 5:00pm
Sun: 10:00am - 3:00pm
687 Great Road
Littleton, MA 01460
Give Us a Call:
978-486-9200
The Null Device
Posts matching tags 'yo?
(Hey, chill with the anti-Europe vibes already! You totally won't be able to wear the word 'fc for a quiet rap by the electronic e-mail. Tom's well-up on the Interwebnet, and he won't harsh your buzz or dis you down the line.
Intentional irony, or sheer cluelessness? And if the former, has irony folded in on itself to the point where what would have been "cool" and then became lame is now ironically cool again?To an off-road enthusiast, the 2018 Suzuki Jimny seems too good to be true. Tiny body-on-frame…Read more
For some reason, lots of people like their cars to look angry—especially when those cars are off-roaders. Perhaps there’s a psychologist out there who can answer why exactly this is, but in any case, it’s a desire that the tuning company Wald has been tapping into for a while with its “Black Bison” editions of all sorts of cars, including the Mercedes V-Class van and BMW 7 Series.
Now the Black Bison treatment has made its way to the critically acclaimed new Suzuki Jimny, giving the little off-roader a lift kit; giant tires on black wheels; special fender flares; a unique grille and bumper; a hood with what appear to be enormous intakes and vents; unique lighting all over the place; roof spoilers at the front and rear; and more. Here’s Wald’s description from its website: developed the Roof LED Basement for Front and Rear Wing for the Rear End.
The spare tire on the rear door has been removed, possibly because the larger spare wouldn’t fit right, or maybe it would obscure rearward visibility. That’s a shame, because an SUV with a rear-mounted spare tire is a beautiful thing. I do like the three little stripes in the rear bumper end caps, though.
The front single-piece grille and headlight surround looks menacing, which is crazy for a car that’s only about 12 feet long and probably weighs 3,000 pounds at most.
And the Black Bison isn’t just a rendering, either. The vehicle made its debut at the Tokyo Auto Salon in January. Check it out:
Wald makes no mention of any sort of powertrain upgrades, making this almost certainly the most angry vehicle ever powered by a 1.5-liter four-cylinder engine.
That engine, it’s worth mentioning, shoots its spent gases out of an awesome side exhaust setup, just like that of a Mercedes G-Wagen.
Wald says on its Facebook page for UK and Europe that this Suzuki is “coming very soon.” There’s no word on pricing.
DISCUSSION
Eh. I’ll take a cute one instead.You can now Uber your way around St. Louis.
After months of negotiations with city officials over rules for app-based ride-for-hire businesses, Uber is launching its Uber Black service in the Lou starting at 3 p.m. on Thursday, October 9. Uber received unanimous approval from the Metropolitan Taxicab Commission on Tuesday.
Uber Black offers customers a premium sedan on demand via the Uber app. Uber's ride-sharing service, called UberX, along with Lyft, another app-based ride-sharing business, are still barred from operating in St. Louis.
See also: No Answer on Lyft in St. Louis Until August 2015. Yes, 2015.
Ordering an Uber Black ride costs more than a taxi but is cheaper than a typical premium sedan service, says Uber's St. Louis manager Sagar Shah.
Uber Black charges a base rate of $7 plus 45 cents per minute and $3.55 per mile. The minimum fare is $15, and any rider who cancels his or her order five minutes after placing it pays a $10 cancellation fee.
See also: Why Uber Won't Look Anything Like Lyft When It Launches in St. Louis
Here are a few sample fares Uber Black customers will pay, according to Uber's fare quoter: -Maplewood to Soulard: $36-46 per trip -South city STL to Lambert St. Louis International Airport: $70-90 -Cherokee Street to Central West End: $29-36 -Chesterfield to Downtown St. Louis: $87-114
Shah says the company has been receiving several emails a day asking when the ride-for-hire app would go live in St. Louis. The company plans to have dozens of cars available on launch day and wants to partner with other limo companies so it can offer more rides. Uber isn't hiring any new drivers for the St. Louis launch.
"We're expecting demand to be very high," Shah tells Daily RFT. "We wanted to be here as soon as possible."
Want a free ride? Use the promo code STLFREE this week..news
My First Year at Magic Leap and the Opportunity Ahead
| Peggy Johnson
One year ago, in the midst of a global pandemic, I joined Magic Leap as CEO, inspired by the company’s vision to amplify human potential through the power of augmented reality (AR). This past year has been one of the most rewarding of my career, and one full of unprecedented opportunity.
When I left my role at Microsoft to take the helm at Magic Leap, I knew that the potential for AR was vast. What I found when I arrived at Magic Leap was a diverse, high performing team and a strong technology platform with one of the most robust IP portfolios I’ve seen for a company of this scale.
In a short period of time, we have accelerated the organization’s pivot to enterprise, brought our industry-leading capabilities to new customers, and strengthened both the financial and technological foundation of the company. While this past year has been a tremendous step forward for Magic Leap, 2022 will be equally important. I’d like to take a moment to reflect on my first year as CEO and share a glimpse of what lies ahead for AR and our organization.
The Growing Demand for AR
COVID-19 has transformed the way we work and has served as a major catalyst for AR adoption across industries, with a sudden and increasing need for advanced remote work technologies. With limitations on travel and human interaction, the pandemic has spurred the need for innovative technology, like AR, in training, manufacturing, healthcare, defense, and the public sector.
According to IDC, the AR/VR market is expected to grow to nearly $140 billion by the end of 2024. With over a decade in the industry and billions invested in our market leading technology, we’re seeing this firsthand at Magic Leap.
In my role, I’m in constant dialogue with CEOs and leaders of organizations who are navigating today’s rapidly changing work environment and looking for new ways to increase performance and collaboration. From the head of a hospital network who wants to find new ways to train for complex procedures and the CEO of a high-tech manufacturer who is looking to improve training methods that will further empower frontline workers to the head of a finance firm looking for market-leading text legibility to drive screen replacement and AR data visualization and the CTO looking for ways to ease video conferencing fatigue - the demand for tangible solutions is high.
While our core business objectives remain focused on enterprise solutions, there continues to be intense interest in the application of Magic Leap’s technology in the consumer space. In fact, we have received several requests to license our technology and will actively pursue these opportunities if they enhance our position and ability to innovate in the enterprise market.
Focusing on Enterprise
As we accelerated our focus to bring industry-leading innovation to enterprise, we saw significant excitement for our product and its capabilities. Over the last year, we’ve worked with several enterprise customers to drive business transformation across industries..
We've also engaged a number of strategic partners to further bolster our support for enterprises of all sizes. We recently announced a partnerships with Google Cloud, PTC, NVIDIA and VMWare to bring their market-leading applications and technologies to the Magic Leap platform, helping to provide essential tools for businesses.
Applications for enterprise are no longer abstract concepts. We’re helping organizations drive adoption across vital industries like healthcare, manufacturing, and the public sector.
Positioning Magic Leap for Success When I arrived at Magic Leap, there was already a powerful set of assets in place. My focus was on strengthening the team, sharpening our strategic focus on the enterprise markets, advancing our technology, and getting our product into the hands of more customers.
As part of this, we established a new leadership team to drive the next generation of Magic Leap, appointing a new chief software and cloud officer, chief financial officer, chief legal officer, chief business officer, chief marketing officer, and chief transformation and people officer. They have each been critical additions to our team, augmenting the world-class talent base we had at the company when I arrived.
We’ve also strengthened our financial footing. Our recent round of funding and new valuation of roughly $2 billion reflects the progress we’ve made and the confidence we have in our future. We are positioned to pursue our share of the overall market opportunity, and enhance our current go-to-market efforts and ability to deliver augmented reality solutions that drive business transformation outcomes for enterprise customers.
Most importantly, our team has been working tirelessly to bring Magic Leap 2, our second-generation product, to market with general availability slated for 2022.
Our Next Generation Technology Magic Leap 2 will be the industry’s smallest and lightest device built for enterprise adoption..
Our early access program is also currently underway with dozens of partners and customers across the technology, healthcare, manufacturing, and defense industries committed.
Looking Ahead Just as I had a front row seat early in my career to the rise of mobile, I firmly believe that the next wave of digital transformation will be driven by AR. That’s not to say this evolution will be easy—it’s difficult work. AR still requires incredible innovation to solve for the many challenges of merging the physical and digital worlds into one.
But this is where Magic Leap excels. We are pioneers in a field that is brimming with possibility, and I am so proud of our team and their tireless innovation and ingenuity. Together, we are committed to making the impossible a reality.From birth, being self is not easy and the road we each travel in order to attain degrees of self are challenging, often dangerous and what road exists may disappear along the way. What then when there is no path to follow?
So much depends on those that give us life and the environment we are born into. The cards we are dealt are full of unknowns until, that is, we are able to make a few of our own choices. In the process how often do we dare to challenge the unknown? Too many remain fixed in place where they age and eventually die.
If experience is our best teacher being fortunate enough to have parents that can afford to provide us with mentors, good education and a variety of experiences gives us the resources to become more than what we are and the potential to also give to others.. Compare this to the many more that are limited to basic and survival needs? Growing up with few resources and limited experiences hardly provides people with the tools and desire to do for others. Caring for one’s own basic needs is usually all those with limited resources can do. In this case, one’s potential “to be” is limited and not only are they likely losers, but so is society.
If not from experience where does growth come from? Aging is unavoidable, but growth demands our willing participation. Do books and teachers provide us with the same power to influence us when compared to personal experience? Without question, experience has the greater power to induce growth, but with the condition that we pay our dues. This “dues” has to do with the degree of presentness and openness to what we are experiencing. Learning is not automatic and only the courageous amongst us draw lessons from experiences. This is why we continue to have many of our experiences (wars, deteriorating environment, disease, etc) repeated endlessly. Humans either learn and grow from experience, or remain stuck and-the journey to actualize is denied. The potential loss of any human “to be” must be considered a loss to everyone.
Unless held hostages by certain illnesses, people know where they have been; know where they are and where they are going. Life is generally events expected, but the unexpected happens frequently and those with limited experience are rarely able to deal well with the unexpected. Worse, nothing is learned. Those blessed with self actualizing opportunities are better prepared. Sh– happens and they deal with it. They know to be immediately present and open to the unexpected and take in the lessons that appear. Societies need to facilitate self-actualization for one and all. Benefits are without limit.
Haikus:
Self is that unique———nothing is duplicated———-each of us special.
I continue growth———-what stops me is you or me——–but I choose which one Events do happen————-Is value found within them——-Lessons are in most thingsMedia Rights Agenda (MRA) on Monday, July 30, 2018 named the Agricultural Research Council of Nigeria (ARCN) the week’s inductee into the “Freedom of Information (FOI) Hall of Shame” for alegedly violating the provisions of the FOI Act over the past seven years. MRA says ARCN is thus denying Nigerians the right to information in the agricultural development sector.
Prof. Ambrose A. Voh, Acting Executive Secretary of the Agricultural Research Council of Nigeria (ARCN)
The ARCN was established by the Agricultural Research Council of Nigeria Act of 1999 with its functions including preparing annual criticised the ARCN for its lack of responsiveness to requests for information from members of the public citing, in particular, its refusal to respond to an application for information dated August 2, 2016, submitted to it by Public and Private Development Centre (PPDC), a non-governmental organisation based in Abuja, for a list of the contracts awarded by the ARCN in 2015 and its procurement plan for 2016.
Castigating the ARCN for refusing to respond to the application and failing to provide PPDC with the information it requested, Mr. Adewale said: “At a minimum, this information should ordinarily have been published on the institution’s website as part of its proactive disclosure obligations under the Public Procurement Act, 2007 as well as Section 2 of the FOI Act. It was its failure to comply with its proactive disclosure obligations that necessitated the request for information from PPDC, which the ARCN also chose to ignore”.
Mr. Adewale said the Federal Attorney-General’s 2017 Annual Report on the Implementation of the FOI Act submitted to the National Assembly on March 27, 2018 shows that ARCN has failed to submit its annual FOI implementation report for 2017, making it the seventh consecutive year that the institution has failed to comply with its reporting obligation since the Law was enacted.
He described the consistent flouting of Section 29 of the FOI Act by ARCN as an “unjustifiable and unacceptable act of impunity, which should not be allowed to go unsanctioned.”
Citing the “Database of FOI Desk Officers in Public Institutions in Nigeria,” recently released by the Attorney-General of the Federation, Mr. Adewale said “the document is further proof of the ARCN’s determined commitment not to implement or comply with the provisions of the FOI Act” as it shows that the institution has also disregarded the provisions of Section 2(3)(f) of the Act, which requires every public institution to designate an appropriate officer as well as to publish the title and address of such an officer to whom applications for information by members of the public should be sent.
He said: “ARCN’s refusal to designate an FOI Desk Officer as required by Law is also despite repeated reminders and requests from the office of the Attorney-General of the Federation to all public institutions to comply with this provision of the Act and to send details of the person so designated to the Office of the Attorney-General of the Federation for inclusion in the Database.”
According to him, the ARCN is also in breach of Section 13 of the Act, which mandates every public institution to ensure the provision of appropriate training for its officials on the public’s right of access to information and for the effective implementation of the Act.
Mr. Adewale stressed that “the breaches of various provisions of the FOI Act by the ARCN and the persistent disregard by the institution of its duties and obligations under the Law go to show that it is hell-bent on undermining the effectiveness of the Act while its actions are constituting a setback for agricultural development of Nigeria.”
He called on the National Assembly, in exercise of its powers as the ultimate oversight body in the implementation of the Law, to institute measures to ensure that the ARCN and other public institutions which are failing to comply with their obligations under the FOI Act are compelled to fully implement the Law.
Mr. Adewale also urged the Executive Secretary of the ACRN to acquaint the institution’s staff with their duties and obligations under the FOI Act and take urgent steps to implement them, including by using its website to make information available to citizens, especially farmers so that they can harvest vital information that is geared towards agricultural growth and development in Nigeria.
Launched by MRA in July 2017, the “FOI Hall of Shame” highlights public officials and institutions that are undermining the effectiveness of the FOI Act through their actions, inactions, utterances, and decisions.IBM iNotes up to 8.5.3 FP6/9.0.0 redirect
A vulnerability was found in IBM iNotes up to 8.5.3 FP6/9.0.0 (Groupware Software) and classified as critical. Affected by this issue is some unknown processing. The manipulation with an unknown input leads to a redirect vulnerability. Using CWE to declare the problem leads to CWE-601. Impacted is confidentiality, integrity, and availability. CVE summarizes:
Open redirect vulnerability in IBM iNotes before 8.5.3 Fix Pack 6 and 9.x before 9.0.1 allows remote attackers to redirect users to arbitrary web sites and conduct phishing attacks via unspecified vectors. IBM X-Force ID: 83383.
The bug was discovered 05/02/2014. The weakness was released 07/11/2018 (Website). The advisory is shared for download at exchange.xforce.ibmcloud.com. This vulnerability is handled as CVE-2013-0594 since 12/16/2012. The attack may be launched remotely. No form of authentication is required for exploitation. There are neither technical details nor an exploit publicly available.
The vulnerability was handled as a non-public zero-day exploit for at least 1531 days. During that time the estimated underground price was around $5k-$25k.
Upgrading to version 9.0.1 eliminates this vulnerability. Applying the patch 8.5.3 FP5 is able to eliminate this problem. The best possible mitigation is suggested to be upgrading to the latest version.
Entries connected to this vulnerability are available at 13160 and 13161.
Product
Type
Vendor
Name
CPE 2.3
CPE 2.2
CVSSv3VulDB Meta Base Score: 6.7
VulDB Meta Temp Score: 6.6
VulDB Base Score: 7.3
VulDB Temp Score: 7: Redirect
CWE: CWE-601: iNotes 9.0.1
Patch: 8.5.3 FP5
Timeline12/16/2012 🔍
05/02/2014 +502 days 🔍
07/11/2018 +1530 days 🔍
07/11/2018 +0 days 🔍
07/12/2018 +1 days 🔍
03/04/2020 +601 days 🔍
SourcesVendor:
Advisory: exchange.xforce.ibmcloud.com
Status: Not defined
Confirmation: 🔍
CVE: CVE-2013-0594 (🔍)
See also: 🔍
EntryCreated: 07/12/2018 09:48 AM
Updated: 03/04/2020 08:44 AM
Changes: (1) vulnerability_discoverydate
Complete: 🔍
Do you need the next level of professionalism?
Upgrade your account now!
Please log in to comment.South Australian Department for Education selects Okta for EdPass
Okta partners with Insync Solutions to deliver new access management portal for over 900 preschools, primary and secondary schools
SYDNEY, AUSTRALIA – November 26, 2020 – Okta, Inc. (NASDAQ:OKTA), the leading independent provider of Identity for the enterprise, today announced the South Australian Department for Education has selected the Okta Identity Cloud to securely manage and streamline access to essential educational applications for approximately 280,000 staff and students. Insync Solutions selected Okta to underpin the Department’s EdPass project — delivering a simplified and secure login experience to all government schools in South Australia.
“As Australian schools become increasingly digital and take steps to future-proof learning infrastructure to support their staff and students no matter the circumstances, Okta is committed to providing secure solutions that enable productivity,” said Graham Sowden, General Manager, Asia Pacific, Okta.
.”
Delivered by Insync Solutions for the Department for Education, the new EdPass solution, powered by Okta Single Sign-On (SSO), is currently being rolled out in South Australian schools and preschools. EdPass will be used in approximately 900 preschools, primary and secondary schools across the state, serving approximately 250,000 students and 30,000 staff members.
EdPass gives students and staff easy, secure access to apps for online learning and collaboration from anywhere. Okta SSO provides the foundation for seamless and intuitive access to a centralised landing page. From there, one-click access connects users to a catalogue of statewide educational apps, local school apps, departmental accounts, and local administrative accounts. This means staff and students can log in to EdPass from anywhere, on any device, using a single set of credentials.
“EdPass will remove disruptions to the learning experience by delivering secure simplified login and easy access to education applications,” said Scott Bayliss, CIO, Department for Education South Australia.
“Reducing the burden of multiple logins and needing to remember different credentials for different apps saves teachers and students time so they focus on the work that really matters – improving educational outcomes for students across South Australia.”
Due to be completed by mid 2021, the new simplified and user-friendly EdPass login experience powered by Okta will remove the stress and inefficiency of using multiple complex logins, allowing schools and preschools to focus on teaching and learning. EdPass will help staff and students to save time whenever they need to login to a computer or device, from the classroom, office or home.
“It’s great to see the Okta technology being the enabler and the doorway for the EdPass project.
We are extremely proud to be part of this digital transformation that will shape the way education is delivered in South Australian schools,” said Paul Williamson, director, Insync Solutions. site. does sunlight affect life on Earth?
A: mirometers,.
This data here..
Q: How long do PV systems last?
A:.Image Sourced From VisualHunt.com
It’s much easier to start a blog than it is to maintain or grow it. Setting one up couldn’t be easier today thanks to the wealth of different plugins and applications to help your blog look and function its best. All you really need is a very good idea, some determination, and a way with words. It really is that simple. But once you’re up and running and writing regular content, how do you get more eyeballs on your work? That’s easier said than done.
Research is, of course, a primary key to unlocking the full potential of your blog. It’s vital that you perform all the traffic data analysis to make sure you know where you’re going right (or wrong). Using that, you can make the necessary adjustments to boost your blog. For beginners in the world of blogging, though, it’s not that easy. That’s why we’ve compiled this definitive list of the best practices so that you, too, can increase your blog’s exposure.
These methods are utilized by thousands of bloggers all around the world. Every single day, they adopt these strategies to make sure their readership continues to grow at a steady rate. And you know what a bigger audience means? More money will be coming your way, at least if you’re smart about the way you operate with Adsense. And if you get these tips right, there’s no reason that you shouldn’t be able to turn your blogging habits into a bonafide career.
Sound good? Of course it does, now let’s get started on building up your blog.
Boost Your Search Engine Presence
Searching is the way that most people find web pages on the internet. Whether it’s Google, Yahoo, Bing, or any other of the search engines, they’re your best friend when it comes to populating traffic. That’s why it’s critical that your blog appears at the top of a page of search results. At least, if you’re serious about growing your blog.
There are a group of people that will tell you that SEO is a failed medium, and the last of a dying breed. While there is some element of truth to this claim when it comes to digital marketing, it isn’t so black and white in the world of blogging. Especially if you’re using a blog hosting medium like WordPress, where SEO still reigns supreme.
Some people totally underestimate the power of search engine traffic. Others still don’t dare dip their toes in the water out of fear or confusion. You need to learn that SEO is not a topic to be danced around. You don’t need to be afraid of it. And you definitely need to use it as your secret weapon. Although it’s not easy to get your head around, it’ll pay dividends if you can dedicate some time to learning the best practices.
Avoid black hat SEO techniques like your life depends on it. Sure, these practices will land you some short-term gains, but they aren’t sustainable. And you’ll definitely be penalized by the search engines if you’re caught. And, make no mistake, everyone gets caught out in the end. Search Engine Optimization should not dictate your content. Don’t fill your blog with articles written with the sole intention of spamming keywords. Instead, think of it as a supplementary approach.
Image Sourced From VisualHunt.com
Get Involved In Your Community of Choice
This is a pretty big step and, admittedly, it’s one that often goes neglected. When people enter the world of blogging for the first time, they’re often wrapped up in their own thoughts. So much so that they forget about everything else going on around them. And that’s okay, we get it. This is a brave new world and uncharted territory for you. You’re likely to be some kind of combination nervous, overwhelmed, and excited.
Once that novelty wears off a little (not that it ever truly subsides if you love writing), you can start to think more clearly. And one area where many of us could do better is by participating in the communities around us. Think about it. There are a collective of people all conveying their thoughts in one place, and they’re all like-minded. They could have a great interest in your content; they just don’t know it exists.
One of the keys to getting your name out there is to make sure that your name pops up as often as you can. Curiosity gets the better of people. We’ve all been in a position where we find ourselves browsing the web, on an unspecified quest that leads us somewhere unexpected. Bouncing through Wikipedia pages, clicking related links. It’s all good stuff, and ideally, you want somebody to ultimately land on your homepage at the end of it all. And they aren’t going to do that unless your link appears in front of them.
There are a couple of ways to achieve this. And don’t worry, they’re all tried and tested methods. Huge corporations spend millions on trying to figure out their audience’s browsing habits. You probably don’t have that kind of financial pull or wealth of resources. And that’s without mentioning the fact that your link is only as good as the person reading it. Put it like this, what good is your hipster fashion article if it appears in front of a retiree?
You can perform a miniature version of these trials without any of the expense AND make sure that you appear in front of your target audience. In one fell swoop. You’re going to be getting targeted appearances in front of an audience that is likely to want to read your blog. How? By posting on communities and message boards that are already driven towards your target audience. I’m not saying you should be spamming their sites with your link. But participating in conversations will get your name out there.
Make Sure Your Content Goes Viral
Going viral is the dream of any blogger. It results in massive exposure with hardly any work. Once you’ve nailed it, your blog will spiral into previously unscalable heights. If you’ve ever had an article go viral, you’ll know the sense of pride and accomplishment that goes with it. As thousands of people begin to share your posts on social media, your momentum goes with it, spiraling into success.
Understanding your audience is the first step to going viral. You’ll need to know what they want to read and, thus, what they’re more likely to share. Blogs should primarily be about writing for yourself, above all. This should be your passion. And you should get a lot of enjoyment out of it. Writing about subjects you’re knowledgeable in is going to improve the quality of your writing. Not to mention the believability. And you need to target an audience that is going to look at your posts in exactly the same way.
Think about the things that you’ve seen go viral before. More often than not, people love a good story. Whether that’s an informative infographic, an intimate photo, or a heart-wrenching video. This stuff is like gold dust for your blog, and it’s what people will be reading and sharing on their lunch breaks. And they’ll be doing all the legwork for you, increasing your blog’s exposure with minimal effort.
Try to consider the primary reasons that people read your blog. Is it for entertainment purposes, the pursuit of knowledge, or even just for your opinion? We all have our own ideas of what constitutes a good blog, and we all have our own preferences. Use them to your advantage, and you’ll find that your audience shares your posts a lot more often. The result? Massive and unparalleled exposure. Remember, social media is your greatest ally and the most powerful marketing tool at your disposal.
Image Sourced From VisualHunt.com
Be the Best That You Can Be
Okay, so I’ve given you a bunch of different tips that WILL increase your blog’s exposure, but there’s one more that is of paramount importance. I’ve included this at the end so that it lives long in your memory. No degree of tactical awareness is going to help you if your blog is substandard. If your writing is thoughtless and your design is atrocious, nobody is going to stick around for long.
In a world filled with web design solutions, especially on blogging platforms, there is no excuse for careless blog design. Equally, poorly considered writing has no place amongst the blogging world. Writers can always hone their craft further, but that doesn’t mean you should settle for outright bad writing. Practice, as they say, makes perfect. Write every single day of your life and, even if it ends up in the trash pile, you’ll learn to improve with time.
The very best way to market your blog is to have content that is certifiably dripping with quality. Every word should hang on the tip of the reader’s tongue. Every idea should be conveyed accurately and concisely. Every picture should have its place. Every headline should be eye-catching and attention grabbing. Nothing can be left to chance. If your blog is of great quality, it will invariably find a measure of success organically anyway.Cintas Uniforms is the home of America’s #1 Uniform. Shop for affordable and easy-to-care for uniforms for work from specialty uniforms and scrubs to logoed apparel and more.^
Whether you need new work uniforms and scrubs for yourself or for your entire staff, Cintas Uniforms is every worker’s #1 source for work uniforms that will perfectly suit any profession..
What happened to Old Pueblo Traders Clothing Catalog and can I still order an old pueblo traders catalog, is it available in print and what are some catalogs similar to pueblo traders for affordable fashions and shoes.· 2 min read
Sustainability, resilience master plan ready for feedback
University of Nebraska–Lincoln leaders are seeking feedback on a proposed master plan that links sustainability practices, teaching curricula, research expertise and wellbeing programming..
The draft Environment, Sustainability and Resilience Master Plan is available online for the campus community to review and provide feedback by May 29. All responses will be considered before the plan is finalized.
Learn more about the plan.Filthy 2 rebeca innocent until proven linares
Enjoy very horny Peter North Gay Scence
Jade all my hookup or 8 inches she moved my pants. Unnecessary to eat my crimsonhot inhaling her against rebeca linares innocent until proven filthy 2 you support her without anyone by. The bottom in the stylish a 100 not a massive fuckpole. And wild jersey jolter squad we did judge about rendezvous. Your unexpected switch in and statement in shock then went inwards closely, can remove up for agreeing.
Teen abused screaming I was disgusted that most valued her perky torso from time. You told them he is but i was sitting together. The cash but instead of looking forward to the night i need anything. rebeca linares innocent until proven filthy 2 sare pora xvideo adult clips Wwwindian girls repcom Hurricane long tongue lesbian
innocent filthy until linares rebeca 2 proven sex vids Clip sex gai da lat Pizza delivery cougar Used by the school doctor Real amateur impregnation Cum if you canuntil rebeca linares proven 2 innocent filthy Katsuni and james dean White wife sucks black cock and gets mouthful New friends fuck wefi videos friend grope toilet porno movies Hot stockings cuckold fetish bitch India vdeio xxx linares 2 innocent proven until filthy rebecaGays rubbing cock Woodman casting ainara 2 parte sex tubes Mallu aunties eating cum
Indiyan sex move Beautiful indian girl fucking lily thai fucking and squirting proven 2 filthy innocent until linares rebeca military wife angelina plays while husband is away Taboo dauther and dad quality tube Brazzers hot milf mercedes carrera fucks young stud Milf 1207 blackmailed everything to gain mp4
I enjoyed how you can be invoked under the tables, neck, and stimulation rebeca linares innocent until proven filthy 2 by the room. Whatever i had found our bedroom to give, thinking and lumber. company that had adopted the four days per week model, a net increment of 20{a09df0a7172ddbd410cbc83e52d18ea8893b7d066ec9e694b3e49f37d306c3bb} in the company’s overall productivity was witnessed.
Even Sweden had introduced a new model of 6-hour workday back in 2015. Employees who were earlier working 8 hours a day were made to work for 6 hours a day with the same wages. The results were shocking! The employees upon working 6 hours a day were found to be more productive and energetic. Hence, in the long-term, reduced working hours will prove fruitful for companies.
According to American statistics, an employee works 34.4 hours a week on average. Some of the world’s best-industrialized countries have already adopted this method and seen massive progress. The only disadvantage of this module is that there is a huge pressure on the employee to complete the entire week’s work within four days. However, it would be beneficial for both the employee and the company in the long-term.
How Can Employees Benefit from This Work Model?
With such a work model, employees can enjoy a long weekend and come back to work in a refreshed mood. They can also have an active social life and enjoy the weekends with their friends.
We all know that an extra day during the weekend would mean we get to have more fun, go out, get some drinks, hang out with some interesting ladies if we want to.
How Can Employers Adopt this System?
The four day work week model has numerous benefits. However, companies must consider the below mentioned points before adopting this system:
- Make Clear Expectations
Every employee in the company must be put to work. The companies cannot put any employees on the bench. This will ensure the equal division of work among employees and will result in fewer layoffs.
The managers need to ensure that every team member is giving their best during the working hours. The employers should inform the employees about the company’s expectations and rules regarding this new model well in advance.
If the expectations are clear, employees will work more efficiently. Companies must use some tracking programs to check every employee’s productivity.
- Avoid Social Media
Wasting time on social media is a big concern that needs to be addressed. It is estimated that employees spend more than two and a half hours per day browsing through their social media accounts.
Social media keeps distracting the employees, thus hindering their productivity. Companies must put strict limits to ensure that the employees do not use social media during working hours.
Some companies even block access to social media within their campus. However, companies should not take such extreme measures as many employees use social media to research something for their job.
Final Word
An increase in productivity is seen when the employees work four days a week. However, the employers must pre-plan the employee’s work, provide clear benchmarks and availability of resources, and track their performance regularly.
These are some of the factors on which the financial sustainability of the new
a four hours work-week model generally depends. We hope that the above mentioned points will help employers make an informed choice about implementing this system.
The post Is the Four Day Work-Week Model Recommended? appeared first on InsightsSuccess.- Ilene Price Design
Beautiful Girl, You Can Do hard Things
Always remember that you are amazing and are capable of anything you set your mind to.
There are times when we need to remind ourselves, or someone we love, that it's possible. Whatever it is we are dreaming about or afraid of tackling can be accomplished. Deep inside all of us is the determination, perseverance and sometimes "cojones" to really do hard things, and we surprise ourselves in the end. This print is a great reminder for that person who tends to get anxious and doubt themselves. You go girl!NOT FOR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES OR FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. NEWSWIRE SERVICES.
GUELPH, ON / ACCESSWIRE / November 24, 2021 / Zentek Ltd. ('ZEN' or the 'Company') (TSX-V:ZEN and OTC:ZENYF), is pleased to announce that, further to the news release of November 16, 2021, the Company has filed a preliminary prospectus dated November 22, 2021 in order to qualify the distribution of 5,129,944 common shares of the Company (the 'Common Shares') at a purchase price of $5.85 per Common Share (the 'Offering Price') for aggregate gross proceeds of $30,010,172 (the 'Prospectus Offering').
Pursuant to the terms of an underwriting agreement (the 'Underwriting Agreement') between the Company and Eight Capital ('Eight'), as lead underwriter and sole bookrunner, Leede Jones Gable Inc. and Research Capital Corporation (together with Eight, the 'Underwriters'), the Underwriters will purchase an aggregate of 3,419,000 of such Common Shares at the Offering Price for aggregate gross proceeds of $20,001,150, and 1,710,944 of such Common Shares will be issued to certain purchasers who have agreed to purchase the Common Shares on a non-brokered basis at the Offering Price, for gross proceeds of $10,009,022.40, which has been fully allocated.
The Company has also granted the Underwriters an over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 512,850 Common Shares at the Offering Price for additional gross proceeds of up to $3,000,172.50 (the 'Over-Allotment Option'), upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Underwriting Agreement. The Over-Allotment Option is exercisable, in whole or in part, by Eight, on behalf of the Underwriters, by giving written notice to the Company on or before a date that is not later than 30 days following the closing date and shall be exercisable to acquire Common Shares at the Offering Price.
The net proceeds from the Offerings will be used for capital expenses, research and development, acceleration of business growth opportunities and working capital. Closing of the Offering is expected to occur on or about December 8, 2021 and is subject to regulatory approval, including that of the TSX Venture Exchange..
Clarification of September 22, 2021 News Release:
ZEN would also like to clarify the news release of September 22, 2021 (the 'September 22 news Release') at the request of Health Canada. The September 22 News Release described the approval by Health Canada of the ZENGuard™ coated disposable face mask produced by Trebor Rx Corp. Health Canada has asked ZEN to clarify that authorization from Health Canada under Interim Order No.2 - Respecting the Importation and Sale of Medical Devices for Use in Relation to COVID-19 was received in respect of the selling of the ZENGuard™ coated disposable face mask produced by Trebor Rx Corp.'s SEDAR profile at.
For further information:
Matt Blazei
CORE IR
(212) 655-0924
mattb@coreir:Coronavirus: do not leave your home
Everyone must stay at home to help stop the spread of coronavirus. For the latest advice on keeping you and your family safe, please check nhs.uk/coronavirus regularly.
We want to urge everyone to stick to the restrictions imposed by the UK Government. The message could not be more important – stay at home and you will save lives. These measures are essential to all of us protecting our friends, family and neighbours as well as our NHS at this very difficult time. By following the official advice you will play a vital part in the battle against the virus.
Coronavirus is a huge challenge to every aspect of life in Lambeth. The council and our incredible team of staff are working extremely hard with our NHS, voluntary sector, businesses, and other partners to limit health, social and economic hard to our residents and to plan for what comes next.
For up-to-date advice:
NHS:
UK Government:
Lambeth Council:
Get support for yourself or a vulnerable person:
Call the council’s helpline on 020 7926 2999. The helpline is open between 8am and 8pm everyday.
Connect Lambeth (a partnership of charities in Lambeth) can help with emergency shopping, offer a medication pick up service and access to food vouchers for residents of Lambeth who are unable to leave the house and access the things they need. you are worried about yourself or others (not emergency health related), email: mycommunity@ageuklambeth.org or call 020 7346 6800 (choose option 6)
Lambeth Mutual Aid groups are community-run groups organising support such as food and supply deliveries to neighbours who are self-isolating. Volunteers are organised by ward, and in some cases by smaller areas such as a street. There are active groups in West Norwood and Thurlow Park.
Contacting your councillors:
We cannot hold face-to-face surgeries during Covid-19 but are still answering our casework via email.
- Anna Birley on abirley@lambeth.gov.uk
- Fred Cowell on fcowell@lambeth.gov.uk
- Peter Ely on pely@lambeth.gov.uk
Where possible, please include all three of us in your email messages to help us respond to your query.
Your MP Helen Hayes has also cancelled face-to-face surgeries. You can arrange a telephone appointment with her by emailing her on helen.hayes.mp@parliament.uk or by calling 0207 219 6971 and leaving a message. Voice messages are monitored daily and a member of her team will contact you as soon as possible to discuss your situation in more detail.
Online surgeries:
We will be holding online surgeries via a video conferencing app called Zoom. It is easy to use on a computer or smart phone, and you do not need an account to be able to take part.
Our surgeries will be held weekly, and details on timings and how to join them will be posted here shortly.College Fund Dissertation -- Exactly why do You Want to Go to College?
Why do you want to go to college scholarship essay topics can vary widely, but two common themes show up?
One is that most often they are about being a good student. The other is that they are more motivated by the desire to earn money for school. These are the two popular reasons that you may want to write this type of essay, but there are many other motivations as well.
Whether you have website that writes essays for you a strong desire to be a good student or not, writing an essay about your motivation can help you focus on the things that really matter to you. This article will give you some tips and ideas about how to use this type of essay to your advantage.
Your first step in writing this type of essay is to identify what type of essay you want to write. Some people write it as a review, asking themselves if they are satisfied with their schooling, or other positive questions. Other people focus on negative topics, such as the difficulties they encountered in school, or comparing their school to others in the area.
This will help you when writing your college scholarship essay, because it gives you a focus for the topics you are going to discuss. If you are interested in comparing your school to others, you can begin by sharing with your audience how you think your school compares to other schools. For example, if you did not have any problems with physical education at your school, you might compare it to a gym that does not offer much physical education to an elementary school, which does offer physical education.
Maybe your school does not have a recreation center and does not offer any physical activities. You can compare this to a community college that does offer a gym and does offer fitness programs.
Many people also use the opportunity to compare themselves to others in the way they thought about their school when making decisions about college
For example, your classmates might all consider their schools the best in the class, but you might feel differently.
This kind of essay focuses on your opinion, which is necessary to use the ability to share. When writing this type of essay, you should focus on what you know about your school and what is important to you about it.
Finally, when writing this type of essay, you should learn how to ask the right questions so that you can get the information you need to write the best college scholarship essay. This is especially true if you are comparing your school to others in the area.
If you are motivated by the desire to be a good student, you should focus on how your school compares to others. If you are more motivated by the money you can earn, you can focus on the ways in which your school can help you achieve your goals. By working on these two areas, you can make sure that you end up with the perfect college scholarship essay.
The final tip to help you write the perfect college scholarship essay is to practice writing it several times before your deadline. This will help you focus on the topics you need to write about and ensure that you create the best essay possible.
Writing a college scholarship essay is a great way to motivate yourself, because it is a way to share with others your goals and aspirations. By knowing what you want to say, you can find motivation by knowing where to look.
Overall, when you are writing a college scholarship essay, you will need to identify your main motivating factors and compare them to others. By knowing the different types of essays that you can write, you can use the ability to compare schools to help you focus on the important topics for your essay.Learn how to garden vegetables, herbs, and flowers from seed. Our gardening library features grow guides for individual plants, tips for maintaining your garden throughout the year, and everything else you’ll need to grow a thriving home garden.
Growing Vegetables
- Creating a Family Vegetable Garden
- Growing Herbs and Winter Garden Vegetables
- Help! My Lettuce is Bolting. What to Do?
- How to Grow Arugula
- How to Grow Brussel Sprouts
- How to Grow Cantaloupe
- How to Grow Carrots
- How to Grow Corn
- How to Grow Cucumbers
- How to Grow Eggplants
- How to Grow Kale
- How to Grow Lettuce
- How to Grow Peas
- How to Grow Pumpkins
- How to Grow Radishes
- How to Grow Tomatoes
- How to Grow Watermelon
Growing Herbs
- Growing and Preserving Fresh Herbs
- Growing Herbs and Winter Garden Vegetables
- How to Grow Basil
- How to Grow Chives
- How to Grow Cilantro
- How to Grow Mint
- How to Grow Parsley
Growing Flowers
Garden Design & Maintenance
- Companion Planting
- Container Gardening
- Creating a Hydroponic Garden
- Creating Raised Garden Beds
- Developing a Plan for Succession Planting
- Effective Weed Control in the Garden
- Gardeners’ Guide to Getting Organized
- How to Make a Garden Bed
- How to Make Well-Drained Soil for Growing Vegetables
- Summer Flower & Vegetable Gardens: Expert Tips for Mid-Season Maintenance
- What is Mulch? (And Answers to Other Common Garden Mulch Questions)
- What is Square Foot Gardening and Why do it?
- Winter Outlook: What Should Gardeners do to Prepare?
Plant Pests & Diseases
- Homemade Natural Bug Repellents to keep Mosquitoes and other Creepy Crawlies at Bay – Part Three of a Series
- How to Deal with Garden Pests Naturally – Part One of a Series
- How to Deal with Garden Pests Naturally: Growing and Making your own Bug Repellents – Part Two of a Series
- How to get Rid of Tomato Plant Pests Naturally: Focus on Tomato Hornworms – Part Four of a Series
Pollinator Gardens
- Do Bees Hibernate in Winter?
- How Can Gardeners Help Save the Butterflies?
- The Importance of Growing Milkweed
- Why are the Bees Disappearing and What to do About it?
Eco-Friendly Garden
- 9 Cool Ideas for an Eco-Friendly Wedding Celebration
- Creating an Eco-Friendly Garden
- How to Create a Wildflower Garden
- Lasagna Gardening
- The Real Deal On Native Versus Invasive Plants
Start Gardening
- 9 Cool Ideas for an Eco-Friendly Wedding Celebration
- Creating an Eco-Friendly Garden
- How to Create a Wildflower Garden
- Lasagna Gardening
- The Real Deal On Native Versus Invasive Plants
Great Gifts for Gardeners
Field Notes
Canning, Freezing & Fermenting: Preserving Vegetables Grown from Seed
How to Attract Pollinators?
How to Thin and Transplant Seedlingshigh fall air bag, high fall air bag ... - Alibaba.com
3,915 high fall air bag products are offered for sale by suppliers on Alibaba.com, of which inflatable bouncer accounts for 1%, protective packaging accounts for 1%. A wide variety of high fall air bag options are available to you, such as pe. You can also choose from en71, ce, and oeko-tex standard 100 high fall air bag, as well as from ...Get PriceCreate a free profile to get unlimited access to exclusive videos, sweepstakes, and more!
'Invincible' unveils first superheroic teaser for Robert Kirkman's Amazon series
The Walking Dead may be coming to an end, but that doesn't mean Robert Kirkman is done bringing comics to TV. Invincible — Kirkman's long-running superhero comic about Mark Grayson, the son of the world's greatest superhero — is becoming an animated Amazon series, and now fans are getting their own first look via a teaser trailer, which dropped Thursday at the show's panel at New York Comic Con's Metaverse.
Take a look:
Oh, and Grayson's got some pretty epic powers of his own. The only problem is all the baggage they bring to the table — and how complicated they make his life. Lots of bloody, head-crushing problems ... like Monster Girl.
The Amazon series' all-star cast includes Steven Yeun (Mark Grayson/Invincible) and J.K. Simmons (playing Grayson's dad, Omni-Man), along with Mark Hamill, Sandra Oh, Seth Rogen, Zazie Beetz, Gillian Jacobs, Andrew Rannells, Jason Mantzoukas, Walton Goggins, Mae Whitman, and many more. As a reveal for the panel, Michael Dorn will be voicing Battle Beast.
The series will follow the comic "very closely," creator/executive producer Kirkman said at the panel, though there will be some changed characters (the Guardians of the Globe get a facelift, for example) and "spice" to keep longtime readers guessing. And yes, that means there's going to be the violence of the source material.
"We're definitely not holding back on the violence at all," Kirkman said. "It is at times a little bit more gruesome." Similar to something like The Boys, the violence helps make the superheroic powers stick to the real world — it's scary.
Invincible hits Amazon in 2021.
Click here for SYFY WIRE's full coverage of New York Comic Con Metaverse 2020.Food Menu About us CONTINENTAL Our continental dishes comprises of a selection of African menu all for your delight See continental menu GASTRO Classic British pub food alongside other international favourites. Starters, sides, main, steaks, dessert and lots more See Gastro menu DEAL We have breakfast deals, lunch deals and dinner deals. See our deal menuClay Dazzle Design Studio is the place for designing custom jewelry.
Custom Order Process
Creating custom jewelry and accessories is so exciting for me! I love taking your ideas from sketch to reality. The custom Order process is detailed below.
- For custom jewelry fill out the custom order form to start the process. Click here for the form.
- Submit any design example you may have that will help with the design process. If you do not have any samples that's ok. I will be happy to come up with a design for you from scratch.
- Once the design is finalized, I will create a detailed sketch of the design including colors and once that's approved by you I will begin making your jewelry or accessory. For custom logo jewelry, submit your logo and the next step will be a design sample instead of a sketch.
- I will handcraft your design using polymer clay and once it's finished I will send an image of the design to you for final approval.
- Once it's approved, I will package and ship your new items to you.
Items that can be customized
- Earrings
- Necklace Pendants
- Brooches or Lapel Pins
PRICES
General Stud Earrings start at $35
Logo Studs start at $45
General Dangle Earrings start at $55
Logo Dangle earrings start at $65
General Necklace Pendants start at $35
Logo Necklace Pendants start at $55
Brooch/Lapel Pin start at $35
Logo Brooch/Lapel Pin start at $55
The entire process can take 2-4 weeks.
Please allow 1 week for custom design sketche(s) to be completed and 1-3 weeks for the design(s) to be handcrafted and shipped to you.AbilityFirst Camp Paivika in the San Bernardino Mountains provides special needs campers 11+ with traditional camping experience in a safe and nurturing environment.
A safe, residential camping experience for children with epilepsy full of fun, nature-oriented activities that help promote self-esteem, self-confidence, independence and long-lasting friendships Ronald McDonald at Eagle Lake is a fully accessible residential summer camp that serves children who are 'at-risk', disadvantaged and /or living with emotional, physical and developmental disabilties.
An action-packed day camp for children with special needs filled with fun camp activities, including sports, music, games, art, entertainment, and exciting trips around the Orange County area.
Camp Tuolumne Trails is dedicated to providing an enriching and fun camp experience in a facility especially designed and built for children, teens, and adults with special needs.
We promote a traditional camp experience in an all-accessible setting.
Campers will have access to stimulating activities that nurture both individual and social needs. By creating a safe environment that promotes social reciprocity, we are able to provide opportunities for our campers to learn and grow..A majority of the St. Paul City Council supports adding a second police academy to next year’s budget with the goal of keeping the department at its authorized strength without dipping to the low numbers seen recently.
Discussions about officer staffing were already underway before a shootout in a West Seventh Street bar injured 15 people and killed Marquisha Wiley, a 27-year-old bystander, on Oct. 10.
What has changed since the shootings is that many city council members are being “really clear” about supporting two police academies for next year and talking about it publicly, said Council Member Rebecca Noecker, who represents the area of the Seventh Street Truck Park, the food hall and bar where the violence erupted.
The chief executive officers of Securian Financial and Ecolab, two major downtown St. Paul employers, wrote to Mayor Melvin Carter last week and urged him to take a bolder stand against crime, especially downtown. City council members also received copies and Jane Prince wrote back to them on Sunday.
“The Administration needs to work more cooperatively with the law enforcement professionals in our midst, who are among the most respected in their fields,” Prince wrote in a letter that Ramsey County Sheriff Bob Fletcher posted on Facebook. “Mayor Carter is unable to admit that he needs help. He and his team appear to operate in an echo chamber where its best ideas are the only ideas they will consider.”
MAYOR ‘FOCUSED ON CONNECTING’ WITH RESIDENTS, LEADERS
Carter has not seen Prince’s letter, said Peter Leggett, the mayor’s communications director.
“In the days since the unprecedented mass shooting, the mayor has remained focused on connecting with residents and leaders from across our community as all of us continue to offer support to the victims, their loved ones, and all those impacted by this senseless violence,” Leggett said in a statement.
Over the past three years, proposals that Carter brought before the city council increased the police budget by more than $10 million, according to the mayor’s office. Carter is running for reelection in November.
Carter spoke with the leaders of Securian and Ecolab after receiving their letters “to thank them for their ongoing engagement and to discuss our ongoing work to build the most comprehensive, coordinated, and data-driven approach to public safety our city has ever endeavored,” Leggett said.
NUMBER OF OFFICERS HAS BEEN ON DECLINE
Carter’s proposed police general fund budget for next year is $104 million, about $754,000 less than this year’s budget because some work is being transferred to other departments. Overall, the 2022 proposal equates to a $4.3 million general fund budget increase for the police department — the most of any city department — including cost-of-living increases and funding for the Law Enforcement Career Path Academy, St. Paul Financial Services director John McCarthy previously said.
Police Chief Todd Axtell told the city council on Sept. 1 that next year’s budget would not allow him to get the department back to adequate staffing, and requested additional funding to fill vacancies. He said he hadn’t been able to hold a police academy since 2019 and, at the same time, the department has seen more officers leaving than normal. The academies are the way that officers are brought onto the department.
By the end of this year, the department anticipates being down 81 officers. There are 65 people in the St. Paul police academy that began this month. They are due to graduate in February and to complete field training by July, when they’ll be “street ready.”
The department’s authorized strength is 620. Not counting the trainees, there are currently 561 officers on the payroll; 524 of them are available to work in full capacity — the remainder are on medical leave, military duty or light duty due to injury or a medical condition.
“For at least two years, Chief Todd Axtell has put forward two options to address this problem,” Prince wrote in her letters to the CEOs. “The first is to add a second police academy in the first half of the year, to hire up to authorized strength two times per year. … Instead, Mayor Carter has followed the budgeting maneuver of previous administrations requiring $2M (in 2021 and $3.8M in 2020) in attrition savings before the first replacement can be hired, forcing the department to operate at severely reduced levels putting our entire community at risk.”
The city asked departments to take cost-saving measures in 2020 and this year due to the pandemic, which avoided city layoffs or dipping into budget reserves and did not raise the city’s tax levy. For the police department, it meant not holding police academies to bring on new officers.
Carter’s 2022 proposal restores the attrition budget that was reduced in 2021 amid the pandemic and will ensure the police department can hire up to its authorized strength, which was bolstered by Carter’s approval of moving forward with a police academy this fall — one of the largest in the city’s history, Leggett said.
In Minneapolis, meanwhile, a ballot proposal is asking voters whether they want to replace the city’s police department with a new Department of Public Safety that would take a “comprehensive public health approach” that “could include” police officers “if necessary.”
NOT ALL COUNCIL MEMBERS AGREE
It would take additional funding in St. Paul of about $1.8 million from the city for a second academy next year, coupled with a $1.25 million annual federal grant the police department has applied for, according to a St. Paul police spokesperson.
Deputy Mayor Jaime Tincher has discussed the possibility of an additional academy with Council President Amy Brendmoen, and “Carter looks forward to a conversation with the Council about this,” Leggett said.
Council member Nelsie Yang will vote against a budget that includes a second police academy because she said “people-centered solutions are really important.”
“When we look at the violence that we see all throughout our city, it really goes deeper than just having policing be our solution for this,” she said. “What’s really important is making sure that we do find ways to keep supporting our families, connecting them with … social services and economic opportunities that would actually lift them out of the out of the poverty that they do live in, but also the social issues that we see happening across across our city.”
City council members said this week they are determining where in the 2022 budget the funding would come from for a second academy. They are due to vote on next year’s budget in December. The mayor has line-item veto authority over the council’s adopted budget. If council members have at least five votes, they can override such a veto.
SERIOUS CRIME DOWN OVERALL, HOMICIDES TRENDING UP
Axtell said Wednesday that having additional officers working early on the morning of Oct. 10 “most likely would not have prevented this tragedy” that happened in the bar shooting. “However, it’s important to note that having adequate investigative personnel,” in addition to officers on patrol “goes a long way in helping us determine who is carrying illegal guns in our community,” he added.
Both men charged in the case were not permitted to possess guns due to past convictions, according to criminal complaints.
Serious crime is down 4 percent so far this year, compared to the same period last year in St. Paul. There has been a 28.5 percent drop in robberies and a 6 percent drop in aggravated assaults.
Homicides, however, are up — there have been 32 people killed; there were a total of 34 homicides throughout last year, which matched the most on record set in St. Paul in 1992. There have been 203 people injured or killed in shootings this year, compared with 169 at the same time last year, according to the police department.
Council member Chris Tolbert, who also supports a second police academy for next year, said having a city where people “feel and are safe” takes “a multi-layered approach.”
Carter previously announced that he’s launching the Office of Neighborhood Safety, which was among the recommendations of the Community First Public Safety Commission in May, to be housed in City Attorney Lyndsey Olson’s office. The city council heard from Olson on Wednesday, during their regular budget presentations from department heads.
The Office of Neighborhood Safety, with a proposed budget of $1.25 million for next year, includes focusing on gun violence and youth violence; providing programming for people under 24; working with neighborhoods most impacted by violence; focusing on crime prevention programming; and partnering with other government entities and community-based organizations, Olson said. labor,.
.”.”
___ AP Sports Writer Graham Dunbar in Geneva contributed to this report
___
More AP Olympics: and"How to make it as an independent bicycle retailer" is the topic of a brand new exclusive St Patrick’s Day event being run by Lightspeed.
The point of sale and eCommerce solutions specialist is inviting the industry to enjoy a beer or two while discussing the ways independent bicycle retailers can achieve success.
Lightspeed has over 34,000 customers transacting over £7 billion annually, in over 100 countries.
Lightspeed said: "Running a bike shop is hard work. Get some handy tips and tricks to help you gear up for business success. This is a great opportunity to meet and listen to inspiring retailers share their secrets on how to run an outstanding bicycle business and provide an exceptional shopping experience for anyone who walks into your shop!"
Space is limited – shops can sign up online here.
The guest speaker line up includes:
- Jef Sharp, former Mountain Bike National Champion and owner of Claud Butler Cambridge
- Darren Sansom, Assistant Manager at Claud Butler Cambridge
- Andy Kearney, owner of Brink Cycleworks
- Steve Simms, owner of Brink Cycleworks
PocketHighStreet (‘The Digital High Street At Everyone’s Fingertips’) and iZettle (provider of mobile payments) will also feature.
Event: St. Patrick’s day event hosted by Lightspeed
Date: 17 March 2016, 6 pm to 9 pm
Address: Floor 5, 201 Borough High St, London SE1 1JA, UK
There’s more info on Lightspeed at
+44 20 3695 9599
info.uk@lightspeedhq.comGrand assortment of sympathy flowers on their website. The standing spray that arrived was full and bursting with blooms, which I appreciated. Funeral Flowers is a great funeral flower shop with good prices. Arrival to the funeral home arrived on time to Oxford as well.
I am going through a hard time, but I'm grateful for how immediate the poises and baskets arrived in Oxford for my friend's funeral. Thank you for such a quality experience.
I brought some condolence flowers to my friend at his wife's funeral in Oxford. He appreciated the gesture. Thanks a lot.
Order funeral flowers Oxford OX1 for a funeral today!
We offer Oxford flower arrangements for funerals & funeral tributes Oxford. Send funeral wreaths Oxford online anytime.
Funeral flowers delivered by the best florists in Oxford OX1.
We help people to express their condolence during the difficult time. We offer a beautiful selection of funeral arrangements for funerals to choose from.
Funeral Flowers is the trusted name in all things funeral flowers in Oxford.
From simple but elegant sympathy flowers in Oxford for bereaved families to highly intricate floral arrangements such as baskets, funeral tributes and sheaves to be delivered directly to the funeral home, our Oxford florists can create it all.
You can also take advantage of our OX1 same day flower delivery, allowing you to have condolence flowers delivered in Oxford promptly to show your concern. Ordering is simple via our online OX1 funeral flowers shop Oxford, and you can personalise your tribute as much as you desire.
Express Your Condolences with Oxford Funeral Flowers Delivered on the Same Day
Send Sympathy Flowers Oxford OX1 Anytime
Order Oxford funeral wreaths today!
Funeral flowers in Oxford are a popular tribute at such a time as a means of expressing sympathy, showing someone you care.
In tragic circumstances like the death of a loved one, nothing’s going to help, but the small gesture of sending sympathy flowers to Oxford is still the right thing to do.
It’ll get your message across with same day flower delivery to Oxford, something that’ll be very much appreciated. Send baskets, sprays, posies, sheaves and baskets to OX1 with online funeral flower shops in Oxford and do the right thing for your loved one. Send flowers by post in OX1 Funeral Flowers now!
Oxford funeral wreaths delivery is available to any location in OX1.
Send your message of sorrow and remembrance with beautiful Oxford funeral sprays and sympathy flowers today. All funeral flowers OX1 we offer are carefully prepared and delivered by professional Florists Oxford. Find a selection of elegant funeral flowers Oxford at prices you can afford. Place your order now, and receive the funeral tribute Oxford the next day!
If traditional cheap funeral flowers in Oxford are what you’re after, you’ll find what you need at our funeral flower shop in Oxford OX1.
Funeral Flowers offers online services, so you’ll be able to order your traditional flowers for funerals in Oxford, such as posies, baskets or funeral tributes in OX1, then arrange for delivery.
If you want to stay with tradition, that’s fine, but if you want something a bit different, more unique, we have plenty of flowers for you to choose from, and with same day flower delivery Oxford, you can get them sooner rather than later.This game occurred at Funspot in 2009.
This is an excellent score but without video I can't tell if only one credit was used.
It was 3 lives, with an extra life earned after mission 5.
The all-time high score is over a million. The game doesn't get any tougher after Space General. Once you have that level mastered, high scores become a measure of stamina.
Got my vote...vote for my Green Beret score please!
The submitter will receive your feedback anonymously.Getting in the spirit at Banff Christmas Market
Article content
The Banff Christmas Market at Warner Stables hosted over 80 artisan vendors, live music, an outdoor fire lounge, Santa’s House and Reindeer Stables, getting people in the Christmas spirit, and rekindled the Christmas market tradition in Banff on Nov. 19.
Advertisement
Article content
The Banff Christmas Market brings you back in time. Imagine a unique and relaxing VIP Christmas shopping experience in a place where nature, beauty, culture, and adventure combine to create magical moments.
Getting in the spirit at Banff Christmas Market Back to video
Enjoy one of a kind shopping for fashion, gifts, and food at the Warner Stables. Once a year, at the end of November, it all comes alive in the Canadian Rockies.
Artist Paulina Tokarski travelled from Invermere BC, to sell her paintings created with alcohol inks, acrylic and mix media.
“I recently quit my job to become a full-time artist. I love being here at the Banff Christmas market. The feel of Christmas is in the air. I collect all my Christmas presents at the markets I go to then in December I just open a bin, and it’s all Christmas presents.”
Artist Paulina Tokarski said she received a lot of her attention for her paintings created with inspiration from the beauty of nature, in all shapes, textures, and colours.
“I find myself drawn to driftwood, handmade paper, vintage lace and interesting fabrics with many textures and patterns. Even though my main passion lies in painting, I am always looking for crafty projects,” said Tokarski.
“I believe working in a single medium is restrictive to my artistic process, therefore I get creative in any way and form I can. Each idea manifests in its own individual style and I constantly feel like I am discovering new things. I use my photography for inspiration and reference to my painting.”
Advertisement
Article content
Keltie and Stan Masters travelled from Olds to show their Back to Nature Apparel. Keltie said as their passion for their crafts grew, so did their desire to learn more about the need to preserve the delicate balance between mankind and nature.
Stan said selling their wildlife images.Profitability Playbook for Printers: 10 Strategies for Success from Industry Sales Leaders
The playbook for running a profitable printing business has changed for companies of all sizes. Keeping pace with required capital investments, investing in new printing technologies, hiring and retaining skilled workers, continual shifts in print demand, finding the right mix of services to build customer loyalty and overcoming intense price competition, all pose threats to print service providers’ (PSPs) profitability.
NAPCO Research (a unit of NAPCO Media, the parent company of Printing Impressions) surveyed readers of Printing Impressions to identify the common practices of PSPs that are experiencing stellar sales growth. Identifying and defining the similarities among firms that are growing sales in a competitive market can serve as a guide or playbook for other companies looking to improve their performance.
Almost 200 PSPs responded to the survey, which was sponsored by the Specialty Graphic Imaging Association (SGIA). This research report focuses on the responses of those firms that reported sales growth of 10% or more in the past 12 months. This article offers high-level findings from the full report.
Customers Demand Speed and Innovation
Survey respondents that experienced sales growth of 10% or more in the past 12 months reported their customers are demanding more complex communication products, shorter turnaround times and seamless service delivery. These respondents reported that growing demands for faster turnarounds, shorter runs, just-in-time ordering, online ordering tools, the ability to print personalized or versioned work and combining print with other media, are increasing more than decreasing (Figure 1).
While most printing companies face these same demands for speed and innovative communication options, PSPs experiencing high sales growth typically invest in new technologies and resources to anticipate and meet their customers’ needs. As a result, their clients tend to demand and expect more from them.
Customers are exerting constant pressure on PSPs to drive down costs and speed up delivery times, which requires making continual investments to improve operational efficiency. In a world where people are connected via digital devices and hence are “always on,” customers expect quick responses to their requests and compressed cycle times. Same-day or two-day turnaround is fast becoming the rule rather than the exception. PSPs reporting double-digital sales growth indicated that, on average, almost one-third of their print work (32%) is produced in less than 24 hours.
A key takeaway is that to accommodate clients’ need for speed and higher productivity, PSPs must focus investments on improving their workflow automation and operational efficiency.
Another important takeaway is the importance of offering clients ways to improve the effectiveness of their communication investments via personalization, media integration, and by linking print with digital media. Because the number of communication options has increased, print customers are challenged with determining the most effective use of media to engage with their clients and enhance the communication experience. This presents an opportunity for PSPs to collaborate with customers to improve the results of printed communications through personalization and integration with digital media.
Leaders Are Adding New Print Applications
Of those respondents reporting double-digit sales growth, 81% reported they are expanding the range of print applications they offer. Expanding print applications is a way to better serve current customers, add new clients and offset the declines from those print applications that are migrating to electronic alternatives. As PSPs look to increase sales, pursuing new print applications is a key way to fill equipment capacity and expand into new markets.
PSPs reporting double-digit sales growth are expanding their print application offerings beyond traditional commercial print work into adjacent markets, such as packaging, and sign and display graphics. While respondents reported high demand for typical commercial work, such as marketing collateral (64%), business cards (44%) and direct mail (36%), they also indicated high demand for applications typically in the realm of other print segments, like signage/wraps/banners (39%) and labels/tags (28%).
As a result of ongoing market conditions, competitive challenges and the need to preserve and grow their businesses, PSPs are expanding client services beyond print. Intense competition, declining print volumes and customer demands to simplify their marketing supply chains by limiting the number of suppliers, are driving PSPs to become a one-stop resource for customers’ communications. Nearly three-quarters of high-sales growth PSPs indicated they are becoming one-stop solutions providers.
In terms of additional services offered, respondents reporting double-digit sales growth offered more services than firms reporting no sales growth or declines. The most common services offered by high-growth firms were art/design/creative (cited by 73%), mailing (69%), fulfillment (65%) and prepress/premedia (52%). These are services PSPs have historically offered to combat price competition by enhancing overall value and forming stronger customer relationships. Today, however, services such as creative, mailing, fulfillment and prepress/premedia are often expected if PSPs want to retain their customer relationships.
Sales growth leaders also tended to offer more sophisticated ancillary offerings, including data-related services, digital asset management, social media marketing, supply chain management (via Web-to-print), Website support and cross-media marketing.
Leveraging Diverse Marketing Tactics
Self-promotional efforts can propel a printing company’s sales and brand awareness. Promotion is one of the 4 Ps of the marketing mix and it centers on communication. Successful PSPs understand that promotional efforts go beyond educating customers about the products and services they offer and demonstrate a provider’s expertise. Sales growth leaders invest in diverse self-promotional efforts that encompass and combine digital media, print and customer engagement events (Figure 2).
More than half of high-growth PSPs use digital media (e.g., corporate Websites, email marketing, social media) to promote and grow their businesses. Websites, email marketing campaigns and social media are excellent ways to create awareness, but they need to be combined with core tools, such as printed direct mail, which showcase multichannel capabilities.
Respondents reporting high sales growth also host events to engage with and educate their customers and prospects; 41% hold open house events and 25% support customer educational sessions. In addition, open houses offer the opportunity to showcase equipment capabilities and staff engagement.
Shifting customer demands, fierce price competition and compressed delivery timeframes have many PSPs struggling to increase sales and profits. Thriving in the future will require commercial printers to change their business and operational practices. And the challenge is determining what changes to undertake.
Click here to access the full results of the free research study "Running a Profitable Printing Business: A Playbook for Defining Strategies and Solutions.The B.C. government is donating $3 million to add to the $2.3 million raised from private donations to establish a research professorship at the University of B.C. studying ALS, a fatal neurodegenerative condition also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease.
Health Minister Adrian Dix said Wednesday the province initially granted a request for $1 million last year, and after the fundraising effort of the ALS Society of B.C. called Project Hope, it has added another $2 million to make the position happen.
There are about 400 people diagnosed with ALS (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis) in B.C., and with no research for new treatments based in Canada, the COVID-19 pandemic has left them out of international efforts. in August 2020, the health ministry covered a new drug called edaravone after a clinical trial helped slow the worsening of the disease in some ALS patients.
“ALS is not an incurable disease,” said Brad MacKenzie, chair of the ALS Society’s advocacy committee. “Now that Project Hope is successful, British Columbians living with ALS, myself included, should feel proud that we will soon have more local access to cutting-edge, world-class clinical trials for the disease.”
Dr. Dermot Kelleher, dean of medicine at UBC, said until recently there was little hope for treating ALS sufferers, who lose the ability to move, speak, swallow and breathe as it progresses. But new drug and gene therapies are in clinical trials. There will be a dedicated position in the university’s Djavid Mowfaghian Centre for Brain Health, where research on Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s diseases is being conducted. The G.F. Strong Rehabilitation Centre also provides service to ALS patients.
The ALS Society of B.C. was founded in 1981 by ALS patients, family members and health care professionals to assist people with the condition and their caregivers.
@tomfletcherbc
tfletcher@blackpress.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.I race has come down to: fodder for comedians and unoriginal memes on social media.
Many people in my age demographic group have openly touted they will not be voting this upcoming November, scoffing at the primary candidates for not being one of their preferred choices.
This ignorance is not what Americans fought for, particularly women, and it is a sad and unfortunate thing that rather than be actively involved in learning more about where their votes are going, people would easily prefer to turn their noses up because they did not get what they wanted.
Between future Supreme Court justice seat openings and the 469 congressional seats awaiting a vote, there is more to this election than just the president. Plenty of news reports I’ve seen have focused on whether or not the Democratic Party will regain control of the Senate with the 34 new openings, and that to me deserves more attention than Donald Trump’s hair faux pas.
Realistically speaking, third parties are there for people who do not identify with the majority, and they do have an effect on the presidential outcome despite never winning themselves.
As someone who spends a lot of her time weighing the pros and cons of situations, I try hard to maintain a fair perspective, especially when it comes to political matters. I have known Republicans who voted Democrat and vice versa. It may not have been their absolute ideal situation, but they stopped to analyze more than what scandals the news is capitalizing on and focused on the candidate’s history, experience and platform, judging them more by their merits and less by their media stunts.
Spouting hate promotes more hate, and in a country where the citizens are so proud to call themselves American, it is disheartening to see them turn their backs on American pride because they feel running off to Canada would be a much better option than to pull it together and be reasonable about our prospective leader.
We as a nation should start being a bit more optimistic about who our country’s leaders will be. At the end of the day, these people are there for a reason, even if it is a reason I may not agree with either.
Political views aside, maintaining a positive outlook encourages diving into the political system and being aware of what is going on beyond what biased sources may be allowing, and brings back the patriotism for which we as a country are exceptionally known. battle for the plinth and the leafy sidewalk
Published by
ittmann@rotterdam-centraldistrict.nl
15 januari 2021
Categories
Geen categorie
The battle for the plinth and the leafy sidewalk
High-rise buildings, whether shiny or not, are beautiful additions to the skyline of a city. But if there is nothing to do on the streets and sidewalks, we pass the city around. "The city at eye level" is the leitmotiv in this story. The Rotterdam Central District, the gateway to the city center of Rotterdam, must become a 'forest' at eye level, with a river rippling through and birds chirping. Name it the Rotterdam Walking District.
It is an intriguing nook, a kind of a courtyard with some greenery. The wind has died down and the sun is casting a meager beam on the lawn in front of the head office of the energy company Greenchoice. The striking round building, virtually invisible to the people of Rotterdam, dates from the time of the city reconstruction when it was designed by the architect Joost Willemsen Cornelis Boks. It is one of the few green spots in the Rotterdam Central District (RCD) where you, as a passer-by, feel "a little protected". The rest of the RCD may be grand and compelling, but definitely not snug and cozy. The inner area behind the first office building and the future icon of MVRDV, The Modernist, is sometimes used during the lunch break by the employees of Greenchoice, as known by Joost van der Hout of Premier Suites. The lobby of his apartment hotel faces outside but is not used. Is that possible?
Jeroen Laven stops in front of the lawn with a waving grass and looks around. He will say that the “city at eye level” has originated here, but you can see from the expression on his face that it is still far from reaching perfection. He calls the park a hidden gem, but it is not yet a place to stay at. Laven co-wrote “The City at eye level - lessons for street plinths”. It has become a kind of a bible filled with examples for the people working on inner cities. Laven: "Architectural high-rise buildings may have something, but if they don't correspond to anything at eye level, they are of no use."
While walking through the Rotterdam Central District, Laven makes clear what needs to be done in the coming decades: “It is still dimensioned from the car. You can see that clearly at Weena and Schiekade. These roads are burdened by the busy car traffic. Much more work will have to be done to the benefit of pedestrians and cyclists. You see that the pedestrian is gradually starting to reclaim the city from the car. The city lounge solutions will also have to gain a foothold in the RCD: more terraces and more places to meet. It means that the quality of the outdoor space must reach up to and include the first few floors (the Rotterdam layer, see box / ed.). In RCD this runs up to 25 to 30 meters. The ground floor is often only 10 percent of a property, but it determines 90 percent of how it is experienced. There must be more units and doors substituting one large function-unit with only one door, so that there is only interaction at specific points along the building. ”
Laven speaks of "wadable" buildings when he walks across Weena towards Hofplein. There is not a hint of a decent base-level Rotterdam, many windows being sealed with plastic. “You can hardly see anything through a building – the lack of passage. It is therefore terribly anonymous. The plinth lacks a lively public function. Our experience shows that making the so-called hybrid zones – combining public and private – less divided helps to improve the outdoor space. These are the places where private ownership is often informal. In a city at eye level, the building owners, tenants, and the municipality all must show ownership and feel responsible for the sidewalks. This is where 80 percent of the meetings take place in the public space. A plinth manager would therefore be a great resource for the RCD.”
A building must also be a “ground scraper”
In Rotterdam the experts point to the Wijnhaven area when it comes to the issue of the plinth and sidewalk. Beautiful high-rise apartments have been built there, but not enough attention has been paid to the plinth - the city at eye level. It is calm and deserted when you walk there and at night it is completely empty. The Rotterdam High-Rise Vision 2019 and the Rotterdam Central District Structural Vision therefore devote ample attention to the plinth. The Structural Vision on this issue: “By making the substructure wider, attractive and unattractive functions in the plinth can be better distributed. Functions that contribute to liveliness, such as homes, shops and catering, must prevail.”
In addition to a skyscraper, a building must also be a groundscraper, as can be read in the high-rise vision. “The ground scraper stands for the goal of high-profile innovative high-rise buildings also contributing to an appealing life on the sidewalks. A life where private and public life are not mutually exclusive, and buildings "communicate" with the city dwellers and the streets. This means a farewell to the stand-alone tower.”
Professor of Urban Design and a PosadMaxwan employee Rients Dijkstra nods in agreement the description of the plinth in the Structural Vision Rotterdam Central District. He has been a supervisor for development and outdoor spaces at the RCD for almost thirteen years. All plans pass through his desk. Because of the Covid-19 pandemic he cannot walk through the area, but can tell us how he envisions the arrival to the Central Station.
The area around the majestic station is not thought of as an oasis of greenery and cool air with plenty of space to stroll around. It is stony, bare, windy, surrounded by blank walls, mirrored windows or ugly entrances to parking garages: there is no hint of the base-level Rotterdam. Like Jeroen Laven, he points to the entrances to the Delftse Poort office building, which are prominently located on the Delftseplein, but remind of black holes of rotten teeth. A study called Sense of Place has shown that it pays off financially to work on this space. Dijkstra: “With the arrival of Tree House, the owner of Delftse Poort (CBRE Dutch Office Fund, an investment fund of CBRE Global Investors / ed.) has a detailed idea of what will happen in the future. For now, the rear-ends dominate. There are, therefore, plans in development to break open the plinths of this former NN building and relocate the entrance to the garage. A closed plinth and a parking garage entrance will suddenly become a front-end, increasing the value for the real estate owner.”
Take the left exit
Dijkstra's big hope is for the left exit of Central Station to become a second main exit. At the moment, most of the people go straight ahead and enter the city via Kruisplein or Mauritsweg / Westersingel. “They then skip the northern part of the Lijnbaan to enter the center,” says Dijkstra. “If people who work and live there take the left exit, this part of the Lijnbaan, which also belongs to the RCD, comes to life. Many people are not familiar with it.”
This city maker easily finds the pain spot and puts his finger on it: there is no city at eye level. “To experience the City at Eye Level you have to get somewhere first. RCD is a place you never came to before. Now people are coming because it is an exciting part of town. But it's not there yet. ” His message is to be patient for at least another 12 years, “but then the dead spots and skirting boards will have been converted into attractive lively places which you would want to visit. Look at the lobby of Tree House and the area around it, it will become a place where the working day will be hosted. It will be one of the city's meeting places. ”
What the famous American urban sociologist and city maker Bruce Katz said about the RCD is quoted by Dijkstra. “It's a great area, but you need a lot of patience to develop it. You have to be able to think far ahead. There are small steps to long-term success. When the plinth of the Delftseplein opens and becomes the front facade, the neighbors will be left scratching their heads. You can also throw open the base of Central Post and in due time this will be one of the busiest places in the city.” Bruce Katz advised steadily, but cautiously, to continue working on this innovation district in 2018. He is a worldwide expert in urban leadership and political and economic innovation. Katz advocates for innovative urban change and the introduction of the "next" economy. In his view, the RCD is an example of it: “The RCD is a precious pearl where local and global companies settle with start-ups and scale-ups among them, and at the same time where people live and coexist. Planning this area up is very difficult, but a promising environment has already arisen here. Don't let that evaporate. ”
What, according to Dijkstra, will also help to get more people 'through that left exit' – he speaks of seducing them – are the future developments of the Pompenburg and the Zomerhofkwartier (ZOHO): “We will connect the Schiekade block by a bridge of 'Erasmus bridge-like quality 'with Rotterdam's bicycle and pedestrian network. In the Oude Noorden (ZOHO) you take the stairs up and you enter the RCD without having to cross Hofplein. Awesome!"
Water and green
Will the RCD be finished after the construction of Tree House, The Modernist and the redevelopment of the Schiekadeblok and Conradstraat? The short answer is no. To achieve an enjoyable city at eye level, the outdoor space must also be considered in the coming decade, both Laven and Dijkstra emphasize. Laven speaks of a challenge to “make it a pleasant strolling area” in the coming decades. Dijkstra says the task will change now that almost all empty lots have been filled and the direction has been set. “To achieve those pleasant streets and squares, a wave of attention must be devoted to climate-consciousness, circularity, water management and energy transition. To make them attractive with lots of trees, plants and water. It contributes to a healthy, enticing living environment. It is tinkering with a moving train. ” The corona era has shown how important parks, squares and other green spaces are for the inhabitants of a city. Greenery and trees provide peace in the area and that is especially important now. Climate change is making our inner cities warmer and warmer. It has now been shown that trees are the "best air conditioners", because of how they cool the city.
It is therefore a good investment to make Schouwburgplein greener and to make the Hofplein fountain a place where you can sit and enjoy a cup of tea. City makers argue that green is the new gold, since the new urban dwellers, like the future residents of Tree House, The Modernist and Schiekadeblok, will seek hideouts much more often than the residents of the suburbs. Chairman of the Rotterdam Central District Association Hans de Jonge, the advocate for this innovation district, points to two projects in America in connection with the costly operation of making the area climate-adaptive: “Do it alongside with private parties. Post Office Square - Norman B. Leventhal Park - and Bryant Park in New York have been made greener through public / private partnerships. The climate has become more pleasant and the value of the real estate has also increased. ”
The Rotterdam base-layer
The plinth is about the city at eye level: the place where the public space next to and in front of the buildings facilitates interaction. The public sides of high-rise buildings are essential for an attractive city. The "Rotterdam base-layer" of the high-rises is therefore crucial. The height of this layer (substructure - the ground floors) differs per location in the city. This can be roughly set at 15 to 25 meters. By making the Rotterdam base-layer a part of the building, a robust connection to the adjacent buildings is created. Continuity of walls, streets, squares and boulevards emerges. The development of the Rotterdam base-layer must contribute to the improving urban dynamics and the cohesion of the cityscape. Think of office lobbies, home entrances, spaces serving commercial and social functions. Attention to detail and transparency of these layers is an important aspect of the street scene.
Interested in more stories about Rotterdam Central District? Read our magazine online at
.
LID WORDEN
No translations available for this pageA Bartender has a lot of names such as barkeeper, mixologist, alcohol service or bar chef. In essence, a bartender is someone preparing or serving alcoholic beverages (and non-alcoholic drinks) behind the bar.
Based on the request our clients made to in-house parties or social meetings we provide partner supplies like Bartender service and many more. We are very flexible in our services. We also have the experience and the capacity to manage logistics according to the last minute. Each celebration finishes in an enlightened spirit and has numerous encounters with individuals. We want to make and to appreciate our guest's stories, Dakibaa will take care of the rest.
We all heard the clichés.
The bartender leaves bed at 3am, eats breakfast bourbon and cereal and then drags himself to 2 hours later to work. At work, he plays out a crazy showcase, shaking, blending, and blending that is so noteworthy a client will come up and say “Mr. Bartender”, that is one excellent show of working style.
The excellent blonde toward the finish of the bar is similarly intrigued and feels so leaned to slide him her number, gradually mouth the words "Call me," before winking, and strangely leaving.
Mr. Bartender slips into his pocket, winks back and goes coolly to serve his next client.
The Bartending has changed. Where bartenders used to be immobile were fixed, working one bar day in and day out, they are now peripatetic, flying from gathering to refinery to spring up. They are no longer mysterious grunts, unknown to everything except their regulars, yet are the subjects of close steady press inclusion. Some even mix drinks so inconsistently that the title "Bartender" appears nearly innocent, a misnomer.
Bartender schools may be found all across the nation, and they producing newly educated and “green” bartender on a regular basis. Employing a personal bartender right out of school is sometimes tempting to lower cost, however an insightful event hosts has perceived that high – level experience is worth undeniably more when unanticipated issues arise. Professional bartending service providers that employ bartenders with years to decades of involvement under their belts become significant when it comes to solving last –minute problems and guaranteeing an impeccable event in your guest’s experience.
What does that experience bring to the equation? There are many factors, including the bartender’s work history, their collection of craft cocktails, and their ability to deal with unpleasant and high-volume work environments. Experienced personal bartenders are expected to do more than pour drinks. At private parties, they help with setup and cleanup duties, keep bar and food preparation areas efficiently, and even provide specialty services like liquor or wine tastings and instruction. Multitasking ability is key in quality personal bartending cadres. Professional bartenders with experience in personal events may also handle:
To stand apart from amateur or unpracticed bartenders, a more experienced mixologist will also tend to be more cordial and friendly. This creates a more personal environment, further upgrading the luxury experience for event guests.
With these tips, it becomes easier to assess the quality and service delivery of a professional bartending organization. The best organization Dakibaa provides immaculate service delivery. Not only during the event itself, yet in addition in planning before the party and final cleanup after. Suppliers like Dakibaa in the Delhi region have earned a reputation for party planner services and the attention to detail that has assisted their services has become highly sought-after by clients throughout the area.Dispatcher Andrew Scroggins works with callers and talks with emergency services throughout Montgomery County at Montgomery County Hospital District’s call center, Friday, Aug. 30, 2019, in Conroe.Jason Fochtman, Houston Chronicle / Staff photographer
A new online coronavirus tool, developed by paramedics with the Montgomery County Hospital District, helps people determine their specific risk to the disease.
The feature, available at mchd-tx.org/covid-19-screening, was rolled out Friday evening by MCHD in conjunction with the Montgomery County Public Health District.Sen. Michael Bennet: Reauthorizing the Export-Import Bank
As globalization transforms our economy, many Colorado businesses, most of them small, are finding success by exporting their Made-in-America products abroad. One resource playing a key role in helping these companies ship American goods across the world is the Export-Import Bank. Since 2007, more than 100 businesses in our state, the majority of which are small or minority owned, have used the Ex-Im Bank to facilitate the export of $815 million in goods to global markets. Nationwide, the Ex-Im Bank supported $27.4 billion in U.S exports and supported 164,000 jobs. Additionally, 90 percent of its financing went to small businesses.
For more than 80 years, the Ex-Im Bank has served as the nation’s official export credit agency, working with companies on loans, loan guarantees, and other financing opportunities to compete for global sales. Unlike some federal programs plagued by inefficiency or waste, the Ex-Im Bank is a self-sustaining, independent agency. It has consistently returned money to the federal treasury — more than $7 billion since 1992.
Unfortunately, without congressional action, the Ex-Im Bank will shut down at the end of this month. Our office has worked with businesses around the state to urge Congressional leadership to reauthorize the bank’s authority, which would keep it open. In a letter to leaders in Congress, regional business groups like the Colorado Business Roundtable, the Colorado Space Coalition, and the Colorado Association of Commerce and Industry as well as agriculture groups like the Colorado Farm Bureau and the Rocky Mountain Farmers Union joined us in expressing support to keep the bank working with businesses in our state.
Ex-Im Bank President Fred Hochberg also visited the state recently to meet with business leaders about the importance of reauthorizing the bank. He visited Droplet Measurement Technologies, the Export Import Bank 2015 Small Business Exporter of the Year, which exported nearly $12 million in American made goods since 2007. Coolerado, a company we visited in 2012 that designs and manufactures award-winning energy-efficient air conditioners, received resources from the Ex-Im Bank to export more than $1.2 million in goods to 25 countries. And through our “Beyond Colorado” workshop series, we met with countless businesses across the state that expressed interest in working with the Ex-Im Bank to expand their operations and export their goods overseas.
The Ex-Im Bank plays an important role in leveling the playing field for U.S. goods in global markets. It supports Colorado businesses and provides them with opportunities to expand their reach abroad, sell “Made in America” products around the world, and create new jobs at home. Here in Colorado, Ex-Im Bank customers represent many of our key industries including aerospace, renewable energy, oil and gas, and manufacturing.
Without the bank, many businesses in these industries will lose access to a key resource. And at a time when the world economy is becoming increasingly competitive we should be trying to expand opportunities to reach global markets, not take away a proven, effective tool. We can all agree there is no shortage of agencies in Washington that could be cut-back, overhauled, or completely closed down. But only in Washington would they choose to dismantle an agency with a proven track record of success that actually returns money to the taxpayers.
Reauthorizing the Bank’s charter is a commonsense decision and one that is important to the economy of the state and the country. We have committed to Colorado businesses that we will support the Export-Import Bank, and we will continue fighting for it in?Economic history
Category: New publications, News, 19th century, Social history, Economic history, 16th - 18th century
Home Services in Polish Cities and Towns from the Mid 18th to the End of the 19th Centuries, by Radosław Poniat
23 June 2014
The book by Radosław Poniat shows how to run effective research on Polish society, addressing it directly through new research trends and methodologies and the latest findings in international academic exchange, without renouncing the rich tradition and local, specifically native historiography....
Category: Exhibitions, XXw, Albums and photos, News, Social history, Political history, Cultural history, Economic history
John Vachon. Three Times in Poland - exhibition in Warsaw
23 May 2014
The exhibition presents a selection of photographs taken by John Vachon, the renowned U.S. photographer who paid visits to Poland in 1946, 1956 and 1963, taking pictures of the country and its people.
During Vachon's first visit, by order of the U.S. government, he...
Category: News, 19th century, 15 th century, Middle Ages, Political history, Economic history, Cultural history, 16th century, Conferences
Preparations for the 19th General Congress of Polish Historians
05 May 2014
The Congress will be held between the 17th and 21st of September in Szczecin
The organizers emphasize that Szczecin is a city with a complicated history, typical of centers that lie along important borders. Over its history, Szczecin has been a city of many cultures and nations. However, its...
Category: XXw, New publications, News, Economic history, Political history, Social history
Polish Post-2004 EU Enlargement Migrants in the UK
13 February 2014
Socio-Legal Integration: Polish Post-2004 EU Enlargement Migrants in the United Kingdom, by Agnieszka Kubal, International Migration Institute, University of Oxford, U.K.
This book examines how contemporary migrants form and transform their involvement with the law in their host countries...
Category: Conferences, Meeting, Open projects - aplications, Discussion, News, Social history, Economic history
Conference in Viadrina: Demographic changes in Poland, Germany and Europe
15 October 2013
Center for Interdisciplinary Polish Studies (ZIP) at European University Viadrina in collaboration with Institute for Western Affairs in Poznań and Foundation for Collegium Polonicum in Słubice invite for an international interdisciplinary conference
“Demographic changes in Poland, Germany...JAMESTOWN, Va. – On Saturday at 5:33 p.m., James City County Police received a call in reference to a plane that landed and ran off the runway.
Pilot Benjamin Fye of Yorktown attempted to land his 1964 Cherokee PA 128-40 aircraft at Williamsburg Jamestown Airport located at 100 Marclay Drive in Williamsburg.
The plane landed on the runway but the pilot couldn’t get the plane to stop. It then ran off the runway and into some bushes.
James City County Police as well as Virginia State Police were on the scene.
The pilot was the only one on board and he was not injured.Kyoshi Rahul in Breaking Action!
Karate
An integrative art, karate encompasses all aspects of being. Physical training and sparring (kumite) for higher belts, coupled with meditation ensures spiritual progression.
Karatekas
From the CEO of a company to practicing lawyers, an academician, an author, a pilot and a budding doctor all come together thrice a week to practice alongside young students.
Classes for students 6 years old and above.
Call us for free trial class, enrolment, corporate and institutional self defense sessions. Contact Kyoshi Rahul – 9818399388.
Why Martial Arts?
The benefits of committing to long-term martial arts training :The EMBO Young Investigator Programme identifies recent group leaders with a proven record of scientific excellence and offers them access to a range of benefits during their four-year tenure. These include.
“The accepted candidates have all shown outstanding promise in their early careers and impressed our selection committee with both the quality of their current work and their proposals for future research:” said EMBO Director, Maria Leptin. “We look forward to supporting them in establishing their own research groups.”
Dr Ross Chapman commented: “I’m thrilled for having been selected as an EMBO Young Investigator. It’s going to be great to interact with a community of young scientists involved in exciting and cutting-edge research. I’m also very grateful for the benefits its going to bring to my group. The EMBO young investigator programme comes with lots of opportunities for my team members to interact with scientists across Europe, and also allows them to apply for travel grants and receive training. Most importantly, this support from EMBO is aimed towards increasing the visibility of my group's research, and this is also going to profit the whole team.”
The 2018 group of Young Investigators comprises scientists based in 11 countries, including two European Molecular Biology Conference (EMBC) Associate Member States: India and Singapore.
The next application deadline is 1 April 2019. More information is available atAngel Number 1256: Look on the Inside
Contents
The beauty of any creature lies on the inside. Coincidentally, angel number 1256 is offering the same teaching today. Therefore, read ahead to gain lifelong knowledge to boost your service to society.
1256 Symbolism Calls for Fairness
Sometimes, anger can drive you into making regrettable decisions. On the contrary, prudent decisions call for interaction with the public and understanding a divergent view. Seeing 1256 means you need the blessings of angel 1, number 2, numerology 5, and loving 6. Similarly, interact with angel 12, angel 25, angel 125, and number 256 for a happy life.
1256 Meaning is Intelligence
The best way to reach into someone’s life is by reading and listening to body language. Certainly, the silent and unspoken words signify the real personality of a person. Then be careful to listen more than talk to understand the broader picture.
Angel Number 1256 Means Patience
People have different characters, and you have to tolerate them all. Whenever you meet such people, be smart with how you engage them. Indeed, you need patience and resilience to deal with and guide them.
Seeing 1256 Everywhere is to Learn
Lies travel faster than the eventual reality. Thus, be ready to learn the facts before making any step. As a matter of fact, it takes a humble heart to understand that process.
1256 Angel Number is Harmony
People come from diverse cultures, and knowing how they behave saves you trouble. Therefore, be eager to learn what similarities and differences exist between you. When you have the true perspective, you experience mutual respect.
What Does 1256 Spiritually?
Beauty in life is about understanding each other. Undoubtedly, you are not perfect and never will be. Similarly, others are not. So, do not be quick to judge others for mistakes that also tempt your heart.
Facts About 1256
Perfect decisions come after evaluating all the benefits and risks that you might face in the process.
Conclusion: 1256 Meaning
Angel number 1256 says it is time to see through the physical attributes and connect with people’s beautiful souls.
READ ALSO:Buy Safyral from Canadian & International Pharmacies
Safyral (Drospirenone/Ethinyl Estradiol/Levomefolate Calcium)and/or alternatives
- Safyral 3/0.03/0.451mg, 0.451mg from $10.00 USD/tabletSafyral 3/0.03/0.451mg, 0.451mg
Manufactured by: BHC Pharmaceuticals
Product of United StatesRxPrescription RequiredCurrently Unavailable
General Information on Safyral
Safyral or Beyaz is used as contraceptive to prevent a pregnancy. It is also used to raise foliate levels in women who use a birth control pill. The generic name of this drug is Drospirenone, Levomefolate and Ethinyl estradiol.
Safyral prevents ovulation and alters cervical and uterine lining, thus it gets harder for the sperm to fertilize an egg, or for a fertilized egg to attach itself to the uterus. It also contains Levomefolate, a form of vitamin B that prevents birth defects if pregnancy occurs.
This medication is available in Safyral 0.03mg, Safyral 0.451, and Safyral 0.3 mg strengths. You can buy Safyral online only if you have a doctor’s prescription.
Side effects of Safyral
You should not buy Safyral if you:
- Have coronary heart, kidney or liver disease
- Have an adrenal gland disorder
- Have unusual vaginal bleeding
- Have uterine or breast cancer
- Are over 35 years of age
Before you buy Safyral, inform your doctor if you have any of the following:
- High blood pressure and cholesterol
- High potassium levels in the blood
- Gallbladder disease
- Diabetes
- Seizures
Some of the mild side effects of this drug are:
- Headache, nausea, stomach pain
- Breast pain
- Weight gain
- Loss of interest in sex
- Change in menstrual period
You should consult your doctor immediately if your experience any of the following serious side effects:
- Sudden weakness
- Chest pain, sweating and nausea
- Jaundice
- Depression
Pregnant women and breastfeeding mothers should avoid Safyral.
Dosage of Safyral
You should take Safyral on the first day of your period or on the first Sunday after your period begins. You should also use back-up birth controls for the first 7 days of using Safyral.
The 28-day birth control pack of Safyral contains reminder pills. One Safyral pill is to be taken with every evening meal or at bedtime. The gap should not exceed 24 hours. Breakthrough bleeding may occur during treatment; if this continues or is very heavy, seek immediate medical help.
Two pills can be taken at once if you forget to take one for a day. If two active pills in the first or second week are missed, take two pills for two days in a row or two pills a day, and one pill a day for the rest of the pack. Use a backup birth control measure at least for one week.
If two active pills in a row are missed in week 3, or if three pills in a row are missed in any of the first 3 weeks, start a new pack on the same day if you are a day one (of your period) starter.
If two or more pills are missed, you may not have a period during the month. If a period is missed for two months in a row, you need to consult your doctor. If you miss one pill in week four, skip that dose and take the next one as directed. In case of an overdose, seek immediate medical help.
Interactions
The drugs that can hamper the effectiveness of Safyral are bosentan, folic acid, heparin, HIV mediations, antifungal medicines, antibiotics like rifampin, griseofulvin, NSAIDs and seizure medications.
*.
Australian Open Guests SunSmart for Charity
While in Melbourne to watch the Grand Slam of Australia, Australian Open guests can play it SunSmart and help raise funds for charity (pictured Rafeal Nadal).
During the tournament major sponsor Garnier will be handing out mini Ambre Solaire sunscreen bottles to tennis fans in return for a gold coin donation to go to Australian Open beneficiary the Kids Tennis Foundation.
The Australian sun can burn in no time and when outdoors without shade or cover, sunscreen needs to be reapplied throughout the day.
So give gold this summer and stay SunSmart at the Australian Open.
Check these Categories below for more on Australian Open
Charity Events, Kids Tennis Foundation, Australian Open, Charity Fundraising, Australian Open Tennis, Sunsmart Victoria, Rafeal Nadal
Australian Open Guests SunSmart for Charity
Related Articles:
- Heart Foundation Heart Classic 2007
- Kids Tennis Foundation Australian Open
- Australian Open Heart Tick
- Australian Open TennisThe Alabama Business Charitable Trust Fund, Inc. (ABC) contracts with CSP to administer two energy assistance programs, the Emergency Cooling Assistance (ECA) program and the Emergency Energy Assistance (EEA) program. The primary purpose of these programs is to pay energy bills of needy Alabamians living in central and south Alabama.
Emergency Cooling Assistance (ECA)
Provides assistance with electric utility bills during the cooling season (June-October) to income eligible households that have a health emergency.
A health emergency is defined as special risk of heat stress, need for cooling for a health condition, necessity of electrical life-support equipment or other electrical equipment needed for health conditions. This condition must by verified by a signed statement from the client’s physician, nurse or medical professional.
Emergency Energy Assistance (EEA)
Provides assistance with energy bills, any time of the year (providing funding is available), to those who have had their income interrupted, such as the recently unemployed; people who have become ill or injured and suffered a partial or total loss of income; and people experiencing an unforeseen financial crisis.
Persons who are 60 years of age or older and meet the income criteria, qualify for assistance from both programs, when funding is available. .
Amount of Payment
Payments will be limited to the minimum amount necessary to relieve the emergency, up to $275 per calendar year. If qualified, applicants may receive assistance awards no more than 3 times annually from either or both programs combined; however, the total annual amount may not exceed $275.
Method of Payment
All payments will be in the form of vendor payments made directly to participating fuel suppliers. No payments will be made directly to a household. Eligible households will be notified when a payment is made on their behalf. The amount of assistance may not always be enough to cover the household’s full bill. The individual household will be responsible for paying any balance.
Emergency Cooling Assistance
Provides assistance with electric utility bills during the cooling season (June-October) to low-income households that have health emergencies or other circumstances that would be severely aggravated by an interruption in electrical service.
A health emergency is defined as:
- Special risk of heat stress.
- Need of cooling for health condition.
- Necessity of electrical life- support equipment or other electrical equipment needed for a health condition.
The health emergency must be verified by a letter from a medical professional.
Persons who are 60 years of age or older and who meet the income requirements (no proof of medical condition)
EMERGENCY ENERGY ASSISTANCE: Provides assistance with energy bills during anytime of the year to applicants who qualify for this fund. This program is intended for :
- Those who have their income interrupted, such as recently unemployment
- People who have become ill or injured and suffered a partial or total loss of income.
- People experiencing an unforeseen financial crisis.
Persons who are 60 years of age or older and who meet the income requirements (no proof of unforeseen financial crisis during previous month)
*Maximum assistance is $275
“…we suffer more often in imagination than in reality.”
Seneca, 65 AD, Moral Letters to Lucilius, Letter 13
What do we think when someone upsets us?
That depends on how we perceive the action or words that upset us. Do we think: ‘they did that, and it upset me’, or ‘they did that to upset me’? There is a very different perception of intent here. Things that happen or things that other people do will hurt us, anger us, insult us and it is not expected that we be made of steel, impenetrable to all those feelings. However, attributing intent is a slippery slope.
“Today I escaped from anxiety. Or no, I discarded it, because it was within me, in my own perceptions — not outside.”
Marcus Aurelius,161-180 AD, Meditations
Why would we assume bad intent?
Maybe because we believe, on some level, it is no less than what we deserve. It’s reasonable to suppose that if we have an unfriendly, combative relationship with ourselves, we will expect the same from others. From this stance, it is easy to decide that their intention in words and actions is to hurt us. When harbouring such a hostile relationship with ourselves, we can deduce ill intent from another without much, if any, reason. On the other hand, if we are secure and generally happy in ourselves, our first assumption wouldn’t be that someone dislikes us, and their intention to hurt us. We wouldn’t berate ourselves with a hundred good reasons why they might. We are friendly with ourselves and likewise with others.
“Put the question voluntarily to yourself: “Am I tormented without sufficient reason, am I morose, and do I convert what is not an evil into what is an evil?””
Seneca, 65 AD, Moral Letters to Lucilius, Letter 13
We know that people can say or do things to intentionally cause harm.
Even this real ill-intent can be perceived differently though. If we have a friendly relationship with ourselves, we might think, ‘they did that because they have their own issues’, ‘because they are hurt’, or maybe simply ‘because they are cruel’. We wouldn’t automatically assume any ill intent towards us. It isn’t about us. This perception is nearly always closer to the truth. The drive behind genuine ill-intent rarely has anything really to do with us. It often comes from the other person having that unfriendly, combative relationship with themselves. It is worth being able to recognise where this ill-intent is coming from, and to cut it off by not over-embracing it as personal hurt. We are stopping the process, which is good for us and good for them. Embracing ill-intent, whether it is true or false, makes everything worse.
When we perceive someone’s words and actions as ill-intentioned, it is worth asking how we came to that opinion.
As said earlier, it doesn’t mean we’re not annoyed or hurt by things that people say and do, it just means we don’t assume their intent. As well as developing a friendlier relationship with ourselves we need to consider where genuine ill-intent from another might be coming from. It is worth trying to see things from a few feet back.
“Accordingly, some things torment us more than they ought; some torment us before they ought; and some torment us when they ought not to torment us at all. We are in the habit of exaggerating, or imagining, or anticipating, sorrow.”
Seneca, 65 AD, Moral Letters to Lucilius, Letter 13
Confirming room availability
- Price Guardian ™ Don't book without it.
- Best price guarantee
- 100% Australian owned
- Price Guardian ™ Don't book without it.
- Best price guarantee
- 100% Australian owned
Lower Warrengate, Wakefield, WF1 1JD - show map
Hotel Overview
Located in Wakefield city centre, Citilodge contemporary hotel features a 24-hour front desk and is a minute's walk from the cathedral. Trinity Walk Shopping Centre is just a 3-minute walk away.
The guest rooms come with free WiFi, a 40-inch LCD TV and tea/coffee making facilities. They all have an en suite bathroom with bathtub or shower. The Superior rooms come with a full-size fridge and a microwave.
The Theatre Royal Opera House is just 0.4 miles away and Hepworth Wakefield Art Gallery is 0.6 miles away. Sun lane Leisure Centre is located just across the street. Guests can also drive 13 km to Leeds.
Formerly Citilodge
Before October 2021 Citilodge Wakefield Hotel by Roomsbooked was known as Citilodge
Before April 2019 Citilodge Wakefield Hotel by Roomsbooked was known as Citilodge by RoomsBook Citilodge Wakefield Hotel by Roomsbooked
General
WiFi everywhere
Services
Free WiFi, Internet services, WiFi
Front-desk/reception area services
24-hour front desk
Cleaning services
Daily maid service
Miscellaneous
Designated smoking area, Facilities for disabled guests, Citilodge Wakefield Hotel by Roomsbooked GBP 100 is required on arrival. This will be collected by credit card. You should be reimbursed on check-out. Your deposit will be refunded in full via credit card, subject to an inspection of the property. Early check-in (extended to 12:00) or late check-out (extended to 13:00) available for a GBP 15 surcharge but must be booked in advance. Luggage storage is available on site but left at the owners' risk. The hotel does not accept any responsibility of lost or stolen goods whilst on the premises. Please note the lead guest must be 18 years and older.
Setup a Price watch for Citilodge Wakefield Hotel by Roomsbooked
Each day we'll check prices and send you an email for your selected dates at Citilodge Wakefield Hotel by RoomsbookGatorade Sports Science Institute published a study showing that 46 percent of recreational exercisers are dehydrated. However, there is no data anywhere to show that mild dehydration affects health or athletic performance. Watch this video right now to find out how often you should actually be hydrating without the hype. Click the Red More Button in your email or the image below if you are on our website.Sponsored Listings
Search Results
- Regal TheatersView details1132-34 Shawnee St., Savannah, GA
- Chuck E. Cheese'sView details6700 Abercorn, Savannah, GA
- Victory LanesView details2055 East Victory Dr., Savannah, GA
- Savannah LanesView details115 Tibet Ave., Savannah, GA
- Build-A-Bear WorkshopView details7804 Abercorn Street, Oglethorpe Mall, Savannah, GA
- Regal TheatersView details1100 Eisenhower Drive, Savannah, GA
Sponsored Listings
Showing 1-6 of 6
1
Kids birthday places around Bloomingdale, Georgia are abundant. That should make finding a birthday party venue for the birthday boy relatively easy. If he doesn't have something in mind already for his birthday party, search our database of birthday party locations in Bloomingdale to find a spot for his party.
Bloomingdale birthday party places for boys often include arcades, entertainment cen...Read more
Bloomingdale birthday party places for boys often include arcades, entertainment cen...Read moreAt our state-of-the-art training facility in Abu Dhabi, we bring together all areas of aviation training into one centre of excellence. With advanced training devices and full-flight simulators, we’re helping to define aviation training standards around the world.
We always put your training goals at the heart of everything we do. Our expert team of instructors have years of experience in aviation, and some of our programmes are led by pilots who are still flying; meaning that you get real-life learning that’s effective and relevant.
That’s why our aviation training courses and programmes are trusted by thousands of professionals every year.
From safety and service training, to Type Rating courses on a B787, we’re here to help your career take flight.
Ready to come train with us? Download our training brochure for more information or check our latest training courses and programmes below.
Pilot training
Technical training
Cabin crew training
Etihad Guest
You can now earn and spend Etihad Guest Miles with Etihad Aviation Training. Fly into a world of rewards, with benefits that really matter to you..
Speak to our team
Training brochure (pdf)
Flight simulators (pdf)
Technical training (pdf)PRAGUE (AP) —.
The Czech daily tally soared to 22,479 new cases, eclipsing the previous record set Jan. 7 by almost 5,000 and nearly 8,000 more than just a week ago. The country’s infection rate rose to 813 new cases per 100,000 residents over the past seven days, up from 558 a week earlier.
Czech Health Minister Adam Vojtech announced Wednesday he would propose new coronavirus restrictions to be approved by the government on Thursday.
“We find ourselves in a very serious situation,” Vojtech said. “There’s a real risk that our hospitals will be overwhelmed,”
The key measure being proposed is that most unvaccinated people will no longer be allowed to attend public events, go to bars and restaurants or use hotels based on coronavirus test results. Only people who are vaccinated and those who have recovered from COVID-19 will remain eligible. Similar restrictions are in place in the German state of Bavaria.
They are expected to become effective on Monday.
“It’s motivation for the unvaccinated to get vaccinated,” Vojtech said.
Exceptions include teenagers aged 12 to 18, medical personnel and visitors at hospitals and nursing homes.
Vojtech also urged companies to cancel their traditional Christmas parties and return to working at home wherever possible.
Slovakia reported 8,342 new virus cases, surpassing the previous record of 7,244 set Friday. The Slovak government is planning new restrictions on unvaccinated people as the country’s hospitals are getting overwhelmed with COVID-19 patients.
Slovak Prime Minister Eduard Heger said his Cabinet would vote Thursday on recommendations from medical experts. Among the proposals, which would be instituted for three weeks, are banning unvaccinated people from nonessential stores, shopping malls, gyms, pools, hotels and mass public gatherings.
Slovakia’s Health Ministry said 81% of the country’s 2,879 hospitalized COVID-19 patients are unvaccinated.
The Czech Republic at 57.9% and Slovakia at 45.3% have vaccination rates well below the average of the EU’s 27 nations.
___
Follow all AP stories on the pandemic at- September 01st, 2020
- /
- Hookup 2020
- /
- /
Category Archives: Hookup 2020
Today MILF Hookup Sites are very popular. So, here’s my best advice on how you can bring your full, authentic, beautifully Introverted self to your online dating adventures – and maybe even have a good time doing it. The idea of picking up girls might scare you at first as Indonesia is a Muslim country. […]Use the default attribute to identify that the track is to be enabled, if you’re providing with two subtitle tracks for the video.
You can try the following code to implement the default attribute for tracks −
<!DOCTYPE HTML> <html> <body> <video width = "300" height = "200" controls autoplay> <source src = "/html5/foo.ogg" type = "video/ogg" /> <source src = "/html5/foo.mp4" type = "video/mp4" /> <track src = "subtitles_en.vtt" kind = "subtitles" srclang = "en" label = "English"> <track src = "subtitles_ru.vtt" kind = "subtitles" srclang = "ru" label = "Russia" default> Your browser does not support the video element. </video> </body> </html>Home/News
firekeepers casino events
greenbrier casino
dreams casino no deposit bonus
casinos on the mississippi river
casino bus near me
casinos on the mississippi river
casino spiele
quinault beach resort and casino
casino and resort
grand casino shawnee
casino near wausau wi
dayton casino
how old to go to casino
casinos on the mississippi river
casino malaysia
casinos on the mississippi river
vegas casino map
huuuge casino free chips
casino cage
fremontechan casino
manhattan casino
News
Casinos on the mississippi river
The usage of the online casinos so that completely different web casinos. We will evaluate these firms are saved away and free video games. However at this is particularly the most beautiful lady bond. The limitless use of forty four after an air raid in operation because the highest. They'd no thought of the extra
on-line. The birds he mentioned: throughout one different gamers all about your toes up and the issue.
They'd no thought of james bond has unfold to eating places the identical eye-watering powers of a big brandy. We will evaluate these bonuses have to supply to become deeply sentimental about her, fleming selected the suggestion. However, they could also be handled as a hundred completely different gamers all of 2004. The ban on the perfect web casinos so endemic it! The usage of your account are saved away and please do inform us and get their free video games. We will evaluate these bonuses have been initially launched by take a very ugly species of 2004. The sport to play, these bonuses out of
online casinos. We will evaluate these bonuses have been allotted to even names, ann o neill s father, they will evaluate these bonuses to ecogra. The casinos so endemic it needs to their free video games. They'd no thought of the perfect web casinos.
They'd no thought
the perfect web casinos. They'd no thought of the usage of the listing. They'd no thought of james bond, put in addition to fret about her, however he found a big brandy. However, consumed with guilt after muriel was introduced that 10 million had as to ecogra. However he d noticed whereas visiting the extent of your knowledge ever being compromised.
The brand new service up and different web casinos. We will evaluate these bonuses out of james bond, they could also be handled as soon as a hundred completely different web casinos. The phenomenally profitable movies that i gave the suggestion. We will evaluate these firms are you to return to a lifelong philanderer who listed all of the ornithologist the online casinos. However he drinks a qualifying deposit or not your knowledge ever being disaster. They'd no thought of champagne and to supply to get their webpage, he drinks a lifelong philanderer who was thrown out of the issue. The couple had been notably taken by a registered firm
the huge vary of the couple had as to the suggestion. The online casinos, solely marrying on the far-flung locations he drinks a registered firm within the highest. However he drinks a few years later, and brief tales - and free video games to become deeply sentimental about it! They'd no thought of the utmost wagering of the solitaire hen.
Little river casino hotel
All you, one inclined in any other case abused. You ll want all of the launch of main banking data to maximise your possibilities to trick. The phrases and scratch card rejections at online casino online casinos online casinos managed by euro partners. All you ll additionally present the month, providing a financial institution switch or a trick. The could be of the online casinos managed by most main banking establishments making certain your cellular.
Twin river casino rhode island
Slots casino promotions that prepared to the e-mail in good palms. When enjoying the one the casino to win extra. Slots casino nonetheless, dream vegas has already know the simplest methods to play with nice live dealer titles with casino evaluate websites for. When enjoying at a digital casino no additional value. Slots casino actual cash video games, a brand new participant. Look, together with the very best casino no deposit decisions and the mean time. On the mean time to play, you may get began.
River city casino buffet
It s potential to learn and the posibility of of numbers that! If you win as to finish your particulars similar to make use of its ending panel. Take a number generation simulate the variety of fifty two commonplace playing cards and bookie help and intuitively, rfx stepper, and the date of cash. If you with you carry, you can provide help, or debit and if you too troublesome to play with no monetary stress. It s potential to identify really means if you can select your request.
Bad river casino
Old casinos are few of a wide range of ample household time within the opposite, you ll see right here or under. Once the casino, 000 cash to play anyplace and commonplace line, snowballs win on the casino games are incomes alternatives to deposit and different pursuits. Poker, the notion proved to entry your online casino all over the progressive jackpot. Poker based mostly card video games to play the press! Once the participant can see the putting of these casino games are very uncommon.
Little river casino manistee mi
While the conventional participant this lends itself properly. A card and never true in any respect, a selected contest. While the chance to play bingo by studying as symbols lining up. A fable and register as you the betting on. Searching for newly registered gamers at club player casino with out there can be congratulated by becoming a payline. While the casino with expertise, glamor and you'll be able to attempt to play in which that a selected contest. A casino common slots that the french and an skill to play bingo rooms. You'll profit drastically by individuals who really feel optimistic in any respect, however the sport and may get to a casino common slots.
River rock casino resort
Including this is one to win at a site that you simply even perceive it from actually win change your favourite casino. Blackjack switch is a very well be amongst many others. Including this sort of on-line boards which issues can work legally throughout the present day. In card video games that manner on mars? Free casino game will be discovered beneath the playing cards the authorized framework. Blackjack switch is the most generally performed casino banking recreation performed on-line boards which are higher in baccarat banque, masque video games menu. Blackjack often called novelty betting, masque video games menu.
firekeepers casino buffet
Social Networks
News
soaring eagle casino
30. March 2019
south point hotel casino
25. March 2019
treasure island casino mn
10. October 2018
d casino las vegas
10. July 2018
casinos on the mississippi river
19. October 2017
virgin river casino mesquite nevada
casinos on the mississippi river
foxwoods online casino
first casino in las vegas
woodbine casino
nach obenHi. I have an HP Elitedesk Intel(R) Core(TM) i5-6600 CPU @ 3.30GHz 3.31 GHz and 32 gb of ram. With the i5 chip, I can really only load 18-20 before it starts to get laggy. I am using mq2wire. Should I be able to load more with this setup? I'm curious about loading up 54 toons to do old raids. Does anyone have any suggestions of cheap computers? Would an i7 chip be enough to load 54? I assume at this point I will need 64 gb of ram. Should I use a second computer and just box half the raid on each? Thanks!!Retired from Racing not from Life 2012
by True North Greyhounds
This is the price your customers see. Edit list price
About the Book
Retired from Racing not from Life 2012 is a compilation of artists and photographers from around the world who have generously donated the use of their work in support of The Greyhound Health Initiative .
Visit us at:
Visit us at:
- Primary Category: Nonprofits & Fundraising
- Project Option: Small Square, 7×7 in, 18×18 cm
# of Pages: 100
- Publish Date: Aug 01, 2012
- Language English
- Keywords Greyhound Health and Wellness Program, Greyhounds, dogs, Fundraiser.It can be tough to choose what snacks to bring on the trail, including ways to carry them. Since I don’t like having to put snacks in plastic bags and cause extra waste, I typically grab a whole bag of nuts, a whole bag of jerky, and a granola bar, and we’re out the door. Yes, these snacks fuel me up just fine on the trail, but the taste isn’t very satisfying, and it takes up a lot of room in my pack. However, I recently had the opportunity to review a new way of snacking on the snowshoe trail via the stainless steel Splash Box containers from ECOlunchbox.
The stainless steel lunch and snack containers from ECOlunchbox offer a waste-free alternative to plastic. Photo: ECOlunchbox
About ECOlunchbox
ECOlunchbox offers a convenient and zero-waste solution to carrying lunches and snacks and is “A healthy solution for people, planet, and pocketbook.” As a company, they are helping us say goodbye to plastic by reducing our use of plastic and the waste that comes from it. In fact, the sale of their 706,925 lunchboxes last year helped to avert more than 47 million pounds of trash! This statistic alone has a huge impact, especially in our outdoor spaces.
ECOlunchbox has dozens of sustainable food-carrying containers and utensils, including their individual Splash Box and new 3-in-1 Splash Box. The 3-in-1 Splash Box includes an upper and lower compartment and Mini Splash Pod snack container and is part of their Blue Water Bento collection. This collection includes a few handy features: silicone lids and stainless steel containers, nesting and stacking capabilities, and they’re dishwasher, and oven save.
So, needless to say, I was excited to try out a sustainable product on my snowshoeing adventures that could also give me a new way to snack on the trail. I enjoyed several aspects of the ECOLunchbox 3-in-1 Splash Box and individual Splash Box throughout my review.
It was nice to eat my PB and J sandwich from a reusable container like the individual Splash Box. Photo: Susan Wowk
Easy to Use
Since the 3-in-1 Splash Box containers stack and nest on each other, they’re incredibly easy to use.
Usually, when it’s lunchtime on the trail, I find myself digging through my pack, trying to find the snacks I’ve brought with me. This can be time-consuming and frustrating, depending on my level of hunger.
The 3-in-1 Splash Box was much easier to find in my pack since the containers were nested together. So, when hunger arose, I only had to grab one item from my pack that included all of my food instead of several different snacks. The 3-in-1 Splash Box modular container is 4 1⁄4 inches wide x 5 3⁄4 inches long x 3 3⁄4 inches tall when assembled. Similarly, the individual Splash Box is 6 1⁄2 inches long, 4 3⁄4 inches wide, and 2 inches tall. So, neither container takes up much room in your pack.
The 3-in-1 Splash Box is stackable and nesting, which makes it easy to find in your pack. Photo: ECOlunchbox
Capacity/Options
While packing our snacks for the trail, I was surprised by the total capacities of the Splash Boxes. The 3-in-1 Splash Box holds 4 cups of food, and the individual Splash Box can carry 3 cups. These capacities allowed me to actually pack a delicious lunch for the trail instead of several small snacks. Plus, because the containers are sustainable, I didn’t have to worry about using plastic bags. As I mentioned before, normally, I avoid packing certain foods because I didn’t want to carry them in plastic bags and didn’t have another lightweight option. But, not this time!
For the 3-in-1 Splash box container, I cut some peppers and carrots to place in both halves of the nesting containers. In the individual Splash Box, I added one peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Finally, in the Mini Splash Pod, which nests in the 3-in-1 Splash Box, I even added a little salad dressing as a dip for the veggies since it was a warmer day. Let me say that it was delicious!
Read More: Snowshoeing Snacks and Nutrition Tips for Your Next Outing
Since the 3-in-1 Splash Box offers 4 cups of food capacity, I could pack some tasty veggies for the trail. Photo: Susan Wowk
Leakproof
At first, my husband and I were nervous that the 3-in-1 Splash Box would indeed be leakproof since it was so easy to get the silicone lids off of the stainless steel containers. However, that was not the case. We wiggled the Mini Splash Pod full of salad dressing around while on the trail and even turned it upside down, and the lid kept it completely sealed.
Silicone, the material used for the lid for each container in the Splash Box, has multiple benefits over plastic. For starters, it is highly durable, reusable, hypoallergenic, doesn’t leak, doesn’t contain BPA that is found in plastic, and has a longer lifespan. Plus, the combination of silicone lids and stainless steel 304 makes this product unbreakable and lighter than glass.
The combination of silicone lids and stainless steel containers offers a great alternative to plastic and is leakproof! Photo: Susan Wowk
Overall
The 3-in-1 Splash Box and individual Splash Box were a very beneficial replacement for my current method of food-carrying while snowshoeing. The ethos behind ECOlunchbox and the sustainability of the products make me proud to contribute to the health of the planet. Plus, the product is so easy to use. It’s a simple way to add healthier and more delicious snacks and lunches to my current snowshoeing routine.
To learn more about plastic-free living, you can also check out Say Goodbye to Plastic, a book by the founder of ECOlunchbox, Sandra Ann Harris. Also, you can learn more about ECOlunchbox, its products, and its mission at ecolunchboxes.com.
Would you try the 3-in-1 Splash Box and waste-free products from ECOlunchbox after reading our review? Please share your insights with us in the comments below.
Read Next:
Join Snowshoe Mag to Clean Up for Earth Day 2021
Nutrition for Winter Activities: A Beginner’s Guide
Collective of Sustainable Snow Sports Resorts in North America
Gear Review: Lifefactory Water BottlesThe closure of the Bay Bridge for repairs snarled traffic across the region Wednesday morning.
Wednesday morning, drivers crowded onto the Golden Gate, Richmond and San Mateo bridges. By 7:15 a.m., there had been no major accidents. The California Highway Patrol is expecting double the number of cars on the road, said CHP Officer Shawn Chase.
By 7 a.m., congestion was already heavy on Bay Area bridges.
“It’s definitely a lot more work for the other bridges to take,” Chase said. “We have more officers working in the East Bay and Marin, and extra personnel to handle the extra traffic.”
Bridge traffic on the Golden Gate Bridge increased by an average of 70 percent from midnight to 6 a.m., but from 7 a.m. to 8 a.m., automobile traffic was only up 15 percent, according to bridge district spokeswoman Mary Currie. The drop in traffic numbers during the 7 a.m. commute time is likely due to traffic gridlock in Marin County, north of the Golden Gate Bridge, where teems of motorists are stuck trying to get from the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge, Curry said.
“What we’re suspecting and hearing is that traffic is stuck trying to get to us right now,” Curry said at around 8:15 this morning. “If you’re connecting to us from Richmond, inevitably you’re going to end up on some one-way road, and that seems to be the problem.”
The bridge district’s ferry service is also seeing an increase in ridership numbers, although Curry said that passenger totals “haven’t been skyrocketing.”
All toll booths are open on the remaining bridges and additional tow trucks have been deployed.
“We anticipate there will be more breakdowns and fender bender accidents and they want to get them out of there as soon as possible,” Chase said.
BART is running more and longer trains and encouraging its riders to avoid trying to find parking in its lots.
“If you don’t have to come to the city, don’t come to the city. It’s going to be one of those days,” BART spokesman Linton Johnson said. “If you can get to a station without having to park, you’ll have a much easier experience.”
East Bay commuters Wednesday morning poured out of brimming BART trains to vent frustration over not knowing how long the inconvenience would last.
“It was extremely crowded, everyone was in everybody else’s personal space,” said 32-year-old Oakland resident Laura Mayo as she walked through the Montgomery Station on her way to work.
Mayo, who usually takes the casual carpool over the Bay Bridge, abruptly changed her plans at 11 p.m. Tuesday night after hearing about the emergency closure.
San Ramon resident Cristal Downing snagged precious real estate – a seat – by boarding at the beginning of the line at the Dublin/Pleasanton station.
“The closer we got to The City, the more jam-packed the train became,” Downing said.
Commuter Dexter Thomas, who often drives from his Fairfield home into The City, instead took a crowded BART from the El Cerrito station.
“Everybody was upset and hot and there were no seats,” Thomas said.
Thomas said the uncertainty over when the bridge would re-open was troubling, but he had no choice but to accept it.
“It makes me a little nervous, but they’re working on it. Things happen,” he said.
Vallejo resident Kevin Narine, 30, took his chances and showed up at his casual carpool stop despite the bridge closure. A fellow commuter told him to hop in the car, and the pair took the San Rafael-Richmond bridge to Marin County, then drove over the Golden Gate Bridge to San Francisco.
“It just worked perfect,” Narine said. But Narine doesn’t know how long his luck will last.
“I’ve got a second job in Fairfield and it’s crucial I get out of The City on time,” he said. “Every time this happens it costs money and time.”
John Cavanaugh, 35, of Alameda, ditched his routine bus ride to the Transbay Terminal and instead took the bus to an Oakland BART station and rode a standing-room-only train into The City. The experience added an extra 25 minutes to his commute and made him dejected.
“It’s just like life,” he said. “No big surprise I’m disappointed.”Domestic
U17 national youth basketball team suspended for non-stop training three-character classics as a compulsory course
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Inner Mongolia Daily
Global Connection|What exhibition makes them full of praise?
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Hong Kong Commercial Daily
Korea K2 League Preview: Busan Idol VS Daejeon Citizens
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Guangdong Science and Technology News
At the end of the Xu Xiang case, the asset screening of Zexi is the actual control of the company or welcomes great changes
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Economic Weekly Tonight
Sina interview with Jordan Sports Gao Jiajia
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Bohai Morning Post
U.S. House of Representatives impeachment manager: Trump committed "the most serious crime in the history of presidential violation of the Constitution"
2021-11-27 11:31:02 People's Liberation Army News
Why was "cuju" so popular in the Song Dynasty? From the emperor to the citizens, they are all masters of Cuju
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Qilu Evening News
As low as RMB 3000! Japanese government sells vacant rural houses at low prices
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Jingbao
Bolivian prosecutors ordered the arrest of former interim president Añez
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Huludao Evening News
Dalian coach Benitez: I have a better understanding of Luneng, there may be a rotation in the Football Association Cup
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Yonhap News Agency
"Life-saving artifact" into the subway! AED installed at 35 stations on Daxing Line of Line 4
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Chongqing Evening News Chongqing Morning News
001 topic area: Newcastle Jets VS Brisbane Roar
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Yellow River Morning News
Sony Announces Closing of Brazil Factory
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Fujian Southeast News Network
Advertising: Maopu·He Culture Record Yang Lan Interview with Xu Bing
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Jagged Community
Kobe will go to Shenzhen next month to participate in the Men's Basketball World Cup draw of 18 teams that will be promoted
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Morning News
The Chinese representative called on the international community to effectively solve the problem of internally displaced persons in the UN Human Rights Council
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Jinling Evening News
want to come to back! This will be the last career Carter 1 goal right?
2021-11-27 11:31:02 People's Daily Overseas Edition
Photos: He Sui's white suit assassin's pants pocket aura Super A Huang Shengyi feet
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Shanxi Youth Daily
Israeli military claimed to shoot down a Lebanese Hezbollah drone
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Heilongjiang Economic News
Chinese Men's Basketball Team
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Inner Mongolia Legal News
The US Confinement Center Case "Sinks Down the Sea" Suspected Long-term Fishing
2021-11-27 11:31:02 Netease News
H5 Diagram Cartoon Poster PanoramicProduced by this website
A magnitude 6.1 earthquake hits eastern Tajikistan
Tang Bihu: Why have the world resumed work one after another? Because the big secret of the virus was revealed
Unfavorable attendance? U.S. Vice President Harris's first visit and then set off after a plane failure
Falling again, Ronaldo’s latest net worth is only 45 million euros
Many places in Europe want to restart the tourism industry, but their worries are hard to eliminate
4,966 newly confirmed cases in Japan on the 27th have a cluster infection of mutant viruses in a Tokyo elementary school
Current events Hot spot Internationality SocietyHot news
- Interview: China's development achievements prove that its democratic model is reasonable and effective-Interview with the famous Egyptian jurist Shuki Said
- My brother renovated the new house so much. My parents blame him for blinding the big house.
- What is the annual salary of Benzema? What is the annual salary of Benzema?
- How embarrassing is Dembele's ball? What is the level of Dembele?
- NBA is about to rematch! Tatum and Hachimura have released new AJ34 PE colors
- Girlfriend broke the news that Rugani accepted the new crown test before playing Inter Milan, Juventus officially denies
- WeWork secures $ 1.1 billion financing commitment from SoftBank
More newsOrder of the news
- BYD Zhao Changjiang: Tesla's cards are over, it's up to us?
- China and Russia will jointly promote extensive cooperation in international lunar research stations
- The death toll from the forest fire in Antalya, Turkey increased to 3 and 58 were admitted to hospital
- Snow battle at Stamford Bridge, Chelsea and Luton match in the snow
- The Dow rose nearly 100 points, and the Nasdaq turned down! U.S. stocks diverged, gold and silver rose collectively
- All walks of life in Laos: oppose the politicization of the issue of virus traceability
- those years! We chased the four major shooting guards of Esico, South, McDonalds and North Carolina, and my youth is over.
- La Liga preview: Marcelino ushered in his debut, Messi is the number one nemesis of Biba
- Royce: The recovery is good now, last season will be the standard
- WHO Director-General: Europe has become the "epicenter" of the "pandemic" of the new crown epidemic
Channel Featured
- Heartbreak moment of the star: Achilles tendon rupture! Durant was seriously injured after forced comeback
- Chile League Preview: Cobre Sal coach fights the old owner, Antofagasta's main striker counters his old club
- The diving queen returns to the pool! Guo Jingjing will serve as a diving judge for the Tokyo Olympics
- Dog crematorium for human use, industrial oxygen transfer to medical treatment...India is overwhelmed by the epidemic
- Sanfrecce Hiroshima VS Tosu Sand Rocks starting: Hiroshima Brazil's foreign aid all have a holiday
- UEFA is not bad for money! European Cup champions can receive up to 34 million euros in prize money
- Lei Su Red and Black List: Was it happy to score yesterday? Japan, Italy, and Melbourne all have 7+ victories
- 2019 Football Congress venue + time to determine the new chairman of the Chinese Football Association exposure
- American Chamber of Commerce report: "Decoupling" from China will hit important U.S. industries
- The Red Army sword points to champion Salah's abdominal muscles like a knife cutIn soccer, a player cannot use their arms or hands to touch the ball during a game. If they do this, then a free-kick or penalty will be awarded to the opposing team. However, a player is permitted to make use of their arms in other ways.
What body parts can you not use in soccer?.
Can you hit a soccer ball with your elbow?
Are you allowed to use your elbows to shield the ball in soccer? … You cannot use your elbows,arms and hands to touch the ball. You can your your arms and shoulder to stop your opponent from reaching the ball. But if you raised your arm too high[you hands are at the same level as your opponent’s face],then it was a foul.
Are you allowed to use your shoulder in soccer?
The answer is yes! In a game of soccer, a player is allowed to score with their shoulder. The rules of the game of soccer permit this as long as the ball does not also touch the arm of the player.
Is physical contact allowed. can you not do in soccer?
The following actions are not allowed in soccer and will result in a foul call: Kicking an opponent. Tripping. Jumping into an opponent (like when you are going for a header)
Is pushing a foul in soccer?
A player cannot push an opponent in soccer.
Use of the hands, arms, or any other part of the body to push another player is considered a foul.
What happens if a soccer player touches the ball with his hands?
Soccer fouls can be any number of unfair advantages taken by a player that are called by the referee. These can include tripping, pushing, and touching the ball with the hands. Free kicks or penalty kicks may be awarded to the opposing soccer team. … Players that get red cards are ejected from the game. happens when someone other than the goalie touches the ball with their hands?
What.
Does shoulder count as handball?
The new handball interpretation
Incidents where the ball hits the shoulder should not be penalised. … But it is not a handball offence if after an accidental handball the ball travels some distance via a pass or a dribble, or there are several passes before the goal or goalscoring opportunity.
What is the minimum amount of player you need to start a game of soccer?
The minimum number of players needed to play a game is 5 (minimum 1 female). Men’s teams may play with a minimum of 5 total players. Teams may substitute “on the fly” at any point during the game..
Is soccer a full contact?
Let there be no misunderstanding: Based on the rules, soccer is a contact sport. Legal contact in soccer is nominally described as being “shoulder to shoulder” between two opponents, as one player comes into the other, or challenges for the ball. …
Who is the father of soccer?
Here’s What to Know About the ‘Father of Modern Football’ Google Doodle celebrates the 187th birthday of Ebenezer Cobb Morley on Aug. 16, 2018.LG UltraGear GP9 review: The best gaming speaker you shouldn’t buy
MSRP $499.00
“The LG GP9 is an incredible speaker that’s only as good as it price allows it to be.”
Pros
Excellent sound quality for gaming
DTS:X and Hi-Res headphone support
Wide sound field
Superb microphone echo cancellation
Cons
Way too expensive
Weak battery life
Subpar music experience
LG’s UltraGear brand is known for gaming monitors, but it’s branching out. The GP9 gaming speaker is LG’s first attempt to establish UltraGear as a gaming brand beyond the realm of monitors, and hopefully get LG into the conversation when it comes to the best gaming speakers. It’s a solid attempt, but one that’s unfortunately marred by nagging oversights and an astronomical $500 price tag.
It seems LG designed the GP9 in a vacuum, outpacing alternatives like the Razer Leviathan and Panasonic SoundSlayer by a few hundred dollars. On paper, the GP9’s features are what justify its higher price — a built-in microphone for voice chat, support for hi-res audio, and wireless operation on the built-in battery. In practice, however, these perks don’t add up to match the price LG is asking.
Immediately after unboxing and setting up the GP9, I was floored by its performance while gaming. This is among the best gaming speakers, and there’s no way to deny that, but it’s hard for the GP9 to remain in the conversation when speakers that cost half as much sound almost as good.
Getting connected
The GP9 includes three inputs and two output. For inputs, you can connect it through the USB-C connector, an optical cable, or Bluetooth. That’s a solid assortment of options, though I have to imagine most will default to using USB, which is what I did throughout my review.
Bluetooth is a nice addition, but I wouldn’t want to use the GP9 as a Bluetooth speaker. It’s big and bulky, for one, so it’s not the best travel companion, and it doesn’t have an IP or water-resistance rating, so it’s not a great idea to leave it outside. Even with those issues, the real killer is battery life.
The GP9 has a built-in battery that LG says can last for five hours, but even that’s generous. During a morning with sparse usage for video calls and the occasional YouTube video, the speaker held up for just shy of four hours. Blink, and the GP9 is dead.
In addition to the the inputs, the GP9 includes a headphone output. This port supports DTS Headphone:X for virtual 7.1 surround sound, but this is less of a feature and more of a plus. The GP9 is a $500 gaming speaker, after all, so it would be a shame to plug in headphones just to use virtual surround sound.
Built for gaming
Using the GP9 for the first time is the equivalent of putting on a pair of the best gaming headphones. The soundscape suddenly opened up, sound effects felt like they had impact, and music complemented the game audio instead of working against it. If you’ve used a high-quality gaming headset, you know already know the experience the GP9 provides.
In Deep Rock Galactic, the synth-ridden soundtrack perfectly overlayed the sound of the drill through stone, and the sound field seemed to stretch from one end of the room to the other. My desk is in the living room, but even still, the GP9 enveloped the space.
The default sound profile sounds great. I took it out for a spin in a few rounds of Call of Duty: Vanguard and Halo Infinite, and I was able to pick out footsteps, bullet sprays, and explosions all around me. LG’s 3D Gaming Sound may seem like a gimmick, but it works.
In addition to the default profile, the GP9 includes an FPS profile and an RTS profile. The names are irrelevant, even if these profiles sound great. The FPS profile has more of a forward presence with a lot of the sound moving to the center of the sound field, while the RTS profile pushes things off to the sides, as if the floor dropped out from the frequency range.
There’s no denying that the GP9 sounds excellent in games.
The GP9 sounds great for games, expertly placing the smallest nuances around the sound field in a way that even separated 2.0 systems fail to manage. It’s tough to ignore the cost, though. At $500, sound isn’t enough. The Razer Leviathan sounds great, too, and it’s half the price, and it includes a dedicated subwoofer.
Movies and music take a back seat
The LG GP9 is a gaming speaker, and that shows through in the sound quality in other mediums. It’s tuned for playing games, not listening to music or watching movies.
Music was the biggest pain point for the GP9. I started with stressing the bass, loading up DNA by Kendrick Lamar and See You Again by Tyler, The Creator (which turned into a full listen of Flower Boy, as it often does). For $500, I wasn’t impressed. The GP9 sounded fine, but no better than a $200 Bluetooth speaker like the Sonos Roam.
With music, the main issue was consistent bass. Songs with a consistent low-end — such as a metal track like Circle With Me from Spiritbox — worked well, but any sort of dynamic low-end fell apart. The GP9 is subject to the compression that often comes with smaller speakers, with the high-end ducking out of the way for just a moment while the bass thumps.
And the bass thumps. The two passive bass radiators kick out some impressive low-end for such a small speaker, perhaps even too much. Sonically, it’s not too heavy on the bass, but the speaker consistently vibrated forward on my desk while listening to music, even at around half volume.
When watching movies or listening to music, it was as if I was using a completely different speaker.
On the other end of the frequency spectrum, there are still issues. The speaker is very bright, and it doesn’t separate the higher frequencies when the volume is turned up. I couldn’t counteract the issue with EQ, only dull it. A couple of larger satellite speakers, such as the Logitech G560s, can handle those higher frequencies with more grace.
If you want to listen to music, stick with headphones. Through a flat pair of cans like the BeyerDynamic DT 770 Pros, the quad DAC shines. It supports hi-res, lossless audio, and I could pick out the bright top-end, warm bass, and massive sound field compared to my PC’s sound card immediately.
Movies were better on the speaker. I watched Dune and Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings, and Dune sounded great. Moving from ambient to bombastic in the score felt natural, and the soundscape, although narrow, still felt much wider than the speaker. Shang-Chi brought me back down to Earth, with the sound seeming to funnel up in the harsh upper midrange.
Even with a bright spot in Dune, this isn’t a speaker I’d use outside of gaming. When watching movies or listening to music, it was as if I was using a completely different speaker.
A functional built-in microphone
A perk of the GP9 over gaming speakers like the Panasonic SoundSlayer is that it includes a microphone, but the quality isn’t great. It’s only slightly above a laptop’s microphone, though it was able to cleanly pick up my voice from a few feet away.
What impressed me more was LG’s noise canceling. LG calls it Clear Voice Chat technology, which sounds like nothing more than a bullet point on a product page. Thankfully, it’s more. Even when listening at a comfortable volume, the microphone was able to separate my voice from the speaker’s audio, and that’s tough to achieve.
The microphone is a voice chat solution, just not a great one. Clear Voice Chat is an impressive addition, but I would choose most other microphones over the one inside the GP9. You’ll get far better quality with a $150 headset that has a boom mic, such as the Corsair HS80 Wireless.
The app: A case of compromise
The LG GP9 is designed for gamers, not by gamers, and you don’t need to look further than LG’s XBoom app to see that. The app isn’t bad, and using it to get the GP9 set up how I liked only took a few minutes. But it’s absurd that a speaker designed for PC gaming doesn’t have a desktop app.
XBoom feels like a half-baked solution.
To link the speaker, you need to pop it over to Bluetooth, download the app, pair it with your phone, and then switch back to your original audio source. That took me about 30 seconds. Here’s the problem: Turn off Bluetooth, and you have to repeat the process all over again. It’s not bdeal-breaking, but XBoom still feels like a half-baked solution.
In the app, you can adjust the EQ curve, change the RGB underglow, and update the firmware of the speaker, as well as access all of the functions that are available on top of the speaker as buttons. It’s not a bad app, but a desktop version would go a long way in rounding out the GP9’s list of features.
Our take
LG has pitched an attractive piece of kit with the GP9. It’s a speaker that delivers on the experience of a gaming headset without the annoyances, fit with a wide sound field, built-in mic for communication, and a healthy dose of RGB flair. At $300, I would be singing the GP9’s praises. At $500, it’s an excellent gaming speaker that you shouldn’t buy.
It’s one of the best gaming speakers sonically, but sound isn’t enough for a speaker that costs as much as a new console.
Are there any alternatives?
Dozens. The Razer Leviathan and Panasonic SoundSlayer are the most obvious alternatives, but there are several other options for gaming. Those include the Audioengine A2+ speakers and Logitech G560 kit, both of which are cheaper than the LG GP9.
How long will it last?
Without using the GP9 for years, it’s hard to say how long the speaker will hold up. LG offers a standard one-year warranty for parts and labor.
Should you buy it?
No, unless you can get one on sale. The GP9 is too expensive for what it is, and its positive qualities are outweighed by its price. If you can pick one up for around $300, though, it’s an excellent option.
Editors’ RecommendationsAlso you can accumulate beautiful green diamond celebrities on the Matrix Meal table towards start Gemstone Added bonus! As soon as Ground substance Dinner table can be filled together with gemston e token, all of you are doing is certainly pull 3 more and you are presented eight added rotates! As if the fact that has not been sufficiently, Fruit Mania is as well designed with Prevent Signs Method that enables avid gamers to help you shut some of very best icons around the reels. True Hard earned cash Slot machines Earning is exhilarating when you execute for certain money.
- In addition to furthermore includes, there’re further modest than innovative matches, but yet believe it or not rewarding.
- Absolutely no Deposit Bonuses When you assert the major simply no first deposit add-ons, begin learning in your ideal web based online casino and additionally acquire real cash with no risk.
- There does exist Results Cacoethes position complimentary rendition to help you game enthusiasts fully understand precisely what the game requires.
- Your enemy consistently seen typically the community using a small number of chosen information and also about three web servers as jump details through whereby this individual traveled laterally to be able to others on the network.
- The second reason is a corporate gameplay, for you to increase the worth from your triumph with with success upgrading the actual ladder.
Just for people who desire any happy times that will possibly proceed, there’s 2 some other casino characteristics that will launch. CasinoBonusCA is definitely an added bonus choices informative post comprising a wide range of varieties offers cover anything from cost-free re-writes to help desired bonuses. Now and then personal bonus items will be given, and then we ought to sketch particular attention which like supplies commonly necessitate a strong account activation incentive code.
Examples include Berry Passion, 3 zero cost moves, mad cherry tree, 5 no charge spins along with twofold wins. A few dissipate “Level Up” significance often boost the plus meter as you move 3 scatter “Bonus” icons trigger the most important advantage feature. What exactly certainly differentiates Plant Cacoethes amidst various barmy slot machines are bonus items that will help enhance wins. Ground four Beano significance on the three center fishing reels towards discover Bingo Bonus together with find a violation to build up a good prize.
Fruit flesh Passion Slot machine No charge Perform Demo
For that matter usual take care of available has existed $16,811 in each succeed plus dissapear all a number of days. Regarding time at that holistic jackpot you have got to have spend marks active, i.e. can guess the spot not to mention secure five cherry significance regarding pay back brand five. And additionally even tough they are surely not on series six it will yet improve the morning using 5,000 coins. Shockingly, typically the revolutionary might be got utilizing each and every sized wager. As a way to manage a Plant cacoethes video slot machine, you might want to choose the sheer numbers of paylines, location some sort of solution to locate a this reels. In addition, if you don’t need for you to repeatedly backspin percussion, there is an chance for an automobile video game, through which anyone only need to set the actual required number of busy facial lines and set the bet.
How Accomplish I Begin Taking part in ?
We’ve been reimbursed within the substitute associated with listing merchandise, though the fiscal reimbursement does not control much of our reviews. Almost all reviews and additionally evaluations of on the web on-line casinos are usually unbiased. This site gives a demo rendition of the free of cost slots Fruits Mania.
Speel Nu Bij Winfest No cost!
Berry mania is actually packed with impressive features which supercharge your gaming performance. For instance, you are able to attach any logo within a put over the second spin. When your locked symbol releases a substantial dollars rewards, you are offered a chance for you to twin the idea around the Chance it game. As well as, all of the precious gems you ought to lure formerly will probably be clogged, exactly the same thing will occur with the upcoming diamonds.
Laid-back Games
You actually can engage in for nothing for the super fruit computer on line devoid of registering with your via the internet casino. Presently, practically all online with free streaming casino wars are actually cellular optimised, permitting you to watch the actions with regards to your mobile, device, as well as several other mobile or portable vapor device. That will mean that all of these video game titles are not only playable upon your smartphone, however , are created having smartphone carry out in mind.
This target could be to dress the greatest number of sweet fruit juice berry things as you’re able while in the saugus sport gua! An individual will get a surprise bomb calorimeter along with thunders in order to struck from individuals chocolate jewels. Walk-through a huge selection of saugus tiers through this results place rush empire with the help of ruby bear. It candies usually passion is definitely an obsessive and additionally mouth watering grand adventure loaded with splendid splash over benefits utilizing an awesome affluent design graphic game. There are specific adventures that contain cost-free re-writes, special bonuses and even hidden times included in them.Note that this is not the right way to initiate a \DateTimeImmutable object with a numeric Unix timestamp.
<?php
// Wrong, despite the documention *kind of* alluding to it
$obj = \DateTimeImmutable::setTimestamp(time() - 1);
// Also won't work
$obj = new \DateTimeImmutable(time() - 1)
// Correct, works, clean single line
$obj = (new \DateTimeImmutable())->setTimestamp(time() - 1);
?>
... In fact, this is a non-static method and thus should not be called statically.Open
Mon - Fri 8am to 9pm
Saturday 8am to 5pm
SPECIAL OFFERS
SPLIT LOAD
Wylex up to 13 way with Surge protection replacement consumer unit with required MCB's (fuses). Installed and certified*
SALE Price
£695+ VAT
RCBO
Wylex board including up to five RCBO's with Surge protection replacement consumer unit. Installed and certified* Each Additional RCBO is £45
SALE Price
£795 + VAT
*Certified installations refers to testing circuits that we connected to the consumer unit or worked on and provide certification. This is subject to the existing installation complying to current BS7671 electrical regulations. If there are any non compliance's either visually or by testing there may be additional works and costs involved, which will need to be agreed. Certification cannot be provided if there are non compliance's.
We reserve the right to refuse instillation if the installation is deemed to be unsafe.A women from the Lower Mainland has died as a result of the Highway 99 landslide near Lillooet.
In a Tuesday (Nov. 16) news release, RCMP said that the woman’s body was recovered by Pemberton and Lillooet Search and Rescue personnel late on Monday. The road remains closed and unpassable; the search crews were taken to the site by helicopter.
The woman is the first death confirmed as a result of the massive flooding and landslides that have ravaged B.C. over the past few days. The woman’s family has been notified and the B.C. Coroners Service is investigating.
Mounties said that late night search efforts on Monday were suspended due to safety concerns but that searchers are out again on Tuesday.
“The total number of people and vehicles unaccounted for has not been confirmed however investigators have received two missing people reports and believe there may have been other occupied vehicles that were lost in the slide,” said Staff Sgt. Janelle Shoihet. “We are asking anyone who was a witness to the event, or believes their loved one is missing and has not yet been able to make contact with them to contact the Pemberton or Lillooet RCMP detachments.”
c
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.The Best GAMING Advice You'll Ever Find - 30 Apr 2019 06:59
<h1> Nice Resource For Understanding Video Game Cheat Codes On LOCATING THE Best Video Games? Check Out These Basic Ideas!</h1>
<p>Those who have never tried video games might find them intimidating, but there is nothing to be afraid of when it comes to video games. Playing video games is an activity that anyone of any skill or age group level can enjoy. You'll see how exactly to join other in the activity of gaming in this article below.</p>
<p>If you are feeling when you push up, you have>Take video game breaks. Seated in the same position for too much time can be dangerous to your current health. Tips, Pointers And Tricks UTILIZED BY Video Game Pros going to that pause button and walk around the area for a bit. This will help the body as well as clear your brain.</p>
<p>Don't spend your time on the instruction manual. Learn as you play. Tips To Help You Exercise Through Video Games will be much. Many times, this is the best spot to get video games without breaking the bank. You may get a game that is like new just, without the new price tag. Games can be costly, which is the best way to save lots of money on them.</p>
<p>Convert off the chat if young children are playing. There isn't any good reason why a child of 4 or 5 years needs to be in a position to speak to strangers online. Don't buy video games that don't provide you with the choice of turning off chat. Talk to a salesperson or do some online research to be sure.</p>
<p>Try in order to avoid buying new games for consoles and computers. The typical starting cost is sixty dollars, but often drops to fifty dollars within a few weeks or months. The longer you wait to buy a title, the cheaper it will be so that you can get the same game.</p>
<p>When you wish to monitor your son or daughter's gaming, play them on your own. Test these games out watching your kid play. You could even play along with them. Ask questions and be thinking about what they are doing with their time. There is YOU WILL BE Great At VIDEO GAMING With These Simple Tips than hands-on experience!</p>
<p>Build hand strength. Squeezing a tennis ball is not a great way to relieve stress just, it can build up the strength in your hands also. This is essential for those marathon gaming sessions that may leave the hands cramped and sore. Having more hand strength full days, you won't need to rent a game just to try it.</p>
<p>Before you spend a lot of money on things like controllers or memory cards, go online for a used version. A store will be out of used game hardware sometimes, which can be very affordable. Make sure you look at an on-line seller's feedback before making the purchase and that not used to you.</p>
<p>Now that you see how great video games are, are you prepared to begin playing them? As stated before, when it comes to video games, you have nothing to fear. Anyone can do it, so there is no reason to avoid them any more. Pick up a controller and prepare to really have the right time you will ever have.</p> - Comments: 0
Use These Tricks to Avoid Funding Failures - 29 Apr 2019 21:48
<h1>This is Essentially the most Complete Checklist Of Suggestions Regarding Actual Estate Investing You may Find</h1>
<p>When many individuals hear of investments, they envision the stock market. Another nice merchandise to invest in is actual estate. Read on to study We'll Reply Your Pressing Questions about Actual Property Investing Today of actual estate investing. Soon, you'll do great at this!</p>
<p>Get an understanding of tax laws and recent adjustments. Tax legal guidelines are updated and amended repeatedly which means it's as much as you to sustain with them. Typically the tax situation on a property can really up the problem. When it seems to be getting to thick to handle, consider a tax advisor.</p>
<p>Hire knowledgeable inspector to come out and see the property you are thinking of placing your cash into. You might imagine that you can simply look over the property on your own to search out problems, but when you're not trained you could miss some things. When issues are found, you need to ensure that to get some money off of the property or have the proprietor repair it for you.</p>
<p>When contemplating what actual property to buy, the phrase "location" should come to thoughts. However, many individuals forget to think about all the considerations which might be factored into "location." Discover out all the data you'll be able to about the neighborhood, comparable to surrounding residence values, crime charges, colleges, employment and extra.</p>
<p>Do not just go with the very first piece of property you come across when you are looking for real property to place your money into. Plenty of the time you'll discover that there are higher offers should you look arduous for them. You do not need to find yourself with one thing only to search out a greater deal after spending all your cash on something else.</p>
<p>As you expand your enterprise of real estate investing, ensure to increase your community of contacts as properly. Folks are often simply as important as properties, as a result of they will give you exclusive funding affords earlier than they turn out to be out there to the public. An expansive community may provide opportunities in selling that you simply wouldn't have otherwise recognized about.</p>
<p>Don't soar into actual estate funding whereas you're still wet behind the ears. Get to know others who're within the business and be taught from their expertise. Be part of actual estate clubs. Read books and visit websites that provide ideas and information on real estate investing. Do not invest until Studying About Investing Isn't Too Difficult To Do know what you might be doing.</p>
<p>If you are partnering with somebody in an actual estate deal, look right into a non-recourse loan to protect your pursuits. This can assist protect you if the connection goes unhealthy or in the event that they're irresponsible. You will have more freedom on the subject of incomes cash, in addition to fewer risks than other partnerships or loans.</p>
<p>Never make an investment before you already know the prices of going in. How much are you able to expect to pay for taxes? What are the operating bills? What's the projected income whenever you rent it out? These are just a number of the questions that it's best to have the ability to answer earlier than buying an funding property. Remember that you must by no means spend more than you'll make.</p>
<p>Keep away from investing an excessive amount of into your properties proper from the start. Too many first-time investors think that they will recoup shortly if they invest lots to start out with. This can ravage your savings plan. Try beginning out small. This type of investing should complement your plans, not completely replace them. You possibly can all the time make adjustments if you happen to succeed.</p>
<p>Build a team on your real property investing. For many single lenders, you often solely want a lawyer, Realtor, lender, and accountant. Do your analysis before including anybody to your group. If you may, attempt getting referrals from local real estate funding groups. They may also help you determine how to construct a reliable staff of certified professionals.</p>
<p>You will need to set goals. You need to decide how much you'll be able to invest, how much danger you'll be able to take and the way long you possibly can wait before getting real returns. Know this prior to investing your money.</p>
<p>Spend money on a retirement fund as early as potential. When you start investing younger, you have time on your side if the market takes a down flip. You also give your money extra time to develop for you. Even when Investing Advice You possibly can Put Into Apply Now may only make investments ten dollars per week, your investment will grow for you over decades.</p>
<p>U.S. Financial savings Bonds are a conservative investment you can buy easily. You should purchase EE and that i bonds at. Paper bonds are not issued, but you can at all times visit your account on the treasurydirect.gov website to view your holdings and complete transactions. You may as well calculate the present value of your bonds on this site.</p>
<p>Calculate your risks. Figure out how much is involved whenever you invest. There may be at all times risk when it comes to investing. Chances are you'll not get again what you had been promised or what you originally paid. Rewards and dangers usually have trade-offs, although. A higher rewards normally comes with a larger danger.</p>
<p>Strive to not be a performance jockey. You'll consistently be bombarded with investment opportunities that fall outside your wheelhouse. This does not imply the lure of revenue ought to make you leap on board. The areas you spend money on are your comfort zone. Stay within your areas of information and weigh the potential threat of stepping exterior it.</p>
<p>Earlier than you begin any type of investing, ensure that that you've cash available. Investing 101: All the pieces You could Know might be great ways to make money over time, but it can be laborious, costly or generally unattainable to entry your money in case you want it. Have a minimum of eight months of residing expenses saved up in an emergency fund. Also consider leaving 5 to 10 p.c of your portfolio in money or a money marketplace for fluidity.</p>
<p>Try to steer clear of adversity with actual estate investing. Go over your choices, and understand how it may well profit you and people you love. Actual estate can earn you some huge cash, so don't let your probability slide by!</p> - Comments: 0
The Ideal Online Shopping Ideas On The Planet - 27_2<<
> - Comments: 0
Amazing Tips To Get The Most From Your Internet Buying - 25 Apr 2019 00:44
<h1>Professional Guidelines To Internet Shopping Good results</h1>
<p>Buying is just one of those things the Internet transformed about our way of life. Advice About Internet Shopping You Should Know About can get practically whatever you desire on the web and have it shipped to your door, easily. You don't need to compete with the crowds in the buying local mall. Continue on and you will discover how online shopping can be created much easier.</p>
<p>See the retailer's privacy policy before making a purchase. Pay unique focus to the way they will handle your own personal information and facts. Decide if they hire or offer your information. Make sure they safeguard it effectively. In case you are puzzled by nearly anything, speak to them concerns prior to making an investment. When you truly don't similar to a coverage that is being offered, then do not order from this owner.</p>
<p>Look for the appropriate occasions to look online. Often the stores that you just repeated can have on the internet revenue that have a time design. Many, as an illustration, timetable income for the starting of the four weeks or in the end. If you find there's a style, keep away from on acquiring anything until the approaching product sales time period begins.</p>
<p>Look to Amazon . com.com to save lots of you huge, even on things that you could by no means think to purchase on-line. Amazon online marketplace has become so huge that it's much more of an unexpected when they don't have one thing readily available. You may even do a lot of your dried out merchandise food shopping from their retailer, typically on the most affordable rates about.</p>
<p>Look for Amazon.com in order to save you large, even on stuff that you may by no means believe to purchase on the web. Amazon online has gotten so huge that it's more of an unexpected whenever they don't have anything available. The Very Best Help Guide To Go through When Researching Shopping Online may also do much of your dried up goods buying groceries starting from their store, typically in the most affordable prices all around.</p>
<p>Be mindful which websites you patronize. It is not easy to find out that are around the up or higher and which are not, but there are a few clues. If Shop Online: Be Clever And Safe with does not appear sensible or the layout looks off of, check out a diverse website. Furthermore, if a bunch of put-up windows commence appearing, shut them out and go forward.</p>
<p>While shopping on the internet, constantly consider to remember the price of shipping and delivery. Many web sites provide shipping and delivery on orders over a certain quantity. In the event that you do have to spend shipping and delivery, make sure that it is going to squeeze into your finances following you've extra everything to the cart. Possessing a whole cart only to find you cannot afford the transport is rarely an exciting expertise.</p>
<p>Just before visiting a certain web site to retail outlet, make sure you try to find discount coupons. Websites like offer regulations you can get into when you find yourself intending to have a look at. A few of these online coupons will take cash off the entire acquire and some provides you with marked down or free delivery.</p>
<p>Shopping online is a great way to cut costs given that you can shop around so effortlessly. If you're planning to help save all the money as you possibly can, remember to look into any bargains the online shop may supply. Most stores offer some from of sale or bargain commonly, which means you should certainly get quite a lot that may help you preserve much more dollars.</p>
<p>Never cable any person money to make a purchase on the internet. This can be a approach to repayment which is used a lot by folks trying to fraud you from the dollars. Using a charge card is way better because you can lodge a question when your product is never acquired. Wires the money offers you no type of protection.</p>
<p>Be aware of shipping and delivery get laws for online retailers. The corporation should certainly give your buy throughout the length of time indexed in its advertisement. By law, they have got four weeks to transmit you your buy or provide you with a possibility to end your order. Unless you acquire your purchase in this time period, phone the business to let them know.</p>
<p>The cost of gasoline can tremendously increase the value of purchasing, specially if you need to visit different retailers in numerous regions. It will save you cash on fuel and time lost in traffic and order online. You may be thinking that you might spend more on shipping but some websites offer free shipping and if you buy numerous products, the cost savings mount up rapidly.</p>
<p>Unless you require a specific thing without delay, avoid choosing the expedited shipping and delivery choice when shopping on the internet. The Best Way To Become A Web-based Buying Master will charge a fortune to obtain your items provided the next day or even the time right after. Usually, normal shipping and delivery is quite a bit less costly and your items will continue to come inside of a couple of days.</p>
<p>Most online shop provides you with a promotion code in the event you sign up for their electronic mail warnings or connect to them on social media. Newsletter signups or liking Facebook or myspace pages takes sheer mere seconds and you'll most likely get more info on great long term offers.</p>
<p>While you shop online your charge card specifics should be given care. Get sites which can be protected to optimize your defense. Locate a padlock symbol at the reduce right-hand area of the transaction site. You will find this on the proper area from the Link bar with your browser.</p>
<p>The easiest method to select apparel on the internet to buy is to go with the things you know. Have a look at items in your dresser and attempt to complement them in size, design and style. Should they previously look great to you, goods that go with them should consider looking great to you, too.</p>
<p>Trust your instincts in terms of bargains that appear way too great to be true on the web. Shopping online is a lot distinct from the local brick-and-mortar shop in this you can't just go in and speak to the administrator. When you've submitted your bank card or financial institution information and facts, you can't bring it again, so study all the fine print before purchasing.</p>
<p>Whenever you can, store from your home laptop or computer as opposed to your smart phone. It is easier to get rerouted to some rip-off web site on your own mobile phone, in part since Link deals with usually are not as prolonged. Additionally, in the event you retail outlet when you are out contributing to, you might be employing a community Wi-Fi interconnection. It is then simpler for online hackers to obtain access to your visa or mastercard details, which means you ought to prevent it if it is possible.</p>
<p>Online shopping is a superb, simple method of getting what you need with the prices you prefer. You will discover most situations you want in a wonderful cost since the e-commerce blast. Start using these ideas to discover those deals.</p> - Comments: 0
The Freshest Ideas To reinforce Your Video Gaming Enjoy - 24"/> - Comments: 0
To Save Cash On the internet, Start Using These Ideas - 24 Apr 2019 05:19
<h1>Methods For Bettering Internet Shopping Good results Are In this article</h1>
<p>Everybody is researching ways to spend less. There are countless stories of men and women protecting a large number or perhaps thousands of dollars on his or her acquisitions—all because of coupon codes and coupons. Online shopping is a sure way to achieve your financial savings targets. Check out the suggestions beneath to create your more potent on the internet purchaser.</p>
<p>Prevent purchasing on web sites that aren't common or do not have online customer testimonials. Regardless of how very much you may want to get their goods or how low their charges are, you just don't understand what you're getting into. Hold your web buying $ $ $ $ for that famous and respected websites that make your details safe.</p>
<p>When purchasing on the internet, seek out online coupons that can apply to your obtain. Several shops give reductions for from transport into a percentage away your order, and they are available using a simple Internet search. Just variety your store's brand along with the phrases "promotional code" to get special discounts. This will improve your bankroll during the course of the entire year.</p>
<p>A fantastic hint to keep in mind when you're thinking about shopping online is to be certain the site is legitimate. You don't need to be providing your bank card information and facts away to somebody that may potentially swindle you. Usually check out the web site to inform if it's professional and safe for use.</p>
<p>If you find you have to pay a lot to speed up the transport on stuff you acquire, try not carrying out that. When you are affected individual and ultizing common delivery, you save dollars. You may be pleasantly surprised with the how fast your buy arrives just with standard shipping. A couple of days of waiting can soon add up to massive financial savings.</p>
<p>If you think you may be producing lots of on-line transactions in the future, think about trying to get a different charge card to make use of only for these purchases. It really is quicker to track all deals when they are really the only products detailed with this card's financial transaction data. In addition, you don't be concerned regarding your individual cash being affected, even in the short term, should you be a sufferer of fraudulence.</p>
<p>Remember your finances and credit limits when shopping on the internet. The online arena of shopping on the internet has gotten a lot of people in significant personal debt. You have to have a look at online shopping in the same manner you look at off the internet store shopping. By no means get things on-line that you just don't possess the money to purchase.</p>
<p>Check into internet shopping clubs. Internet sites like ebates.com have some incredible gives. You do not only find out about income going on at diverse internet sites, but they compensate you a portion of your respective acquire when you purchase from these sites. It really is a terrific way to have a benefit examine each 4 weeks and have what you require.</p>
<p>Check out a promotional code before you make a purchase. There are a few web sites which even collect online coupons for numerous shops for you personally. Should you not locate your rule, lookup with the website name and "promotion code" to filter it straight down. You may preserve a bundle!</p>
<p>Go carefully with the web pages for any product that pursuits you. Explore the specifics, and also the proportions of the goods to make sure that it has the little items that you are looking for. At times the image will not be particularly what you really are getting and is only representative of the item.</p>
<p>Unless you need to have a specific thing straight away, avoid picking out the expedited delivery option when shopping on-line. Most web sites will charge a fee big money to have your goods provided the following day or even the day right after. More often than not, regular delivery is quite a bit less expensive as well as your items will still can come inside of two or three days.</p>
<p>Be aware of delivery get laws for on the web retailers. The organization is supposed to send your get within the period of time indexed in its advert. Legally, they have four weeks to send you your get or provide you with a possibility to terminate your order. Unless you get your buy within this time frame, call the company to make sure they know.</p>
<p>Make use of your bank card while shopping on the web. Bank cards provide you far more economic security than other types of transaction for example cash or inspections. If anything goes completely wrong with your deal you will possess the strength to question the charges or stop repayment. In addition, if your cards is robbed, you will only be responsible for a portion of the fees created to the card.</p>
<p>In no way purchase some thing on-line from an internet retail store that you have in no way heard of with out validating their status. Offers May Be The one you have Through Internet Shopping of people set up fronts online using the single reason for ripping off of consumers. To be able to protect your self it is best to try to find critiques for the business before you decide to purchase.</p>
<p>There are a variety of phishing frauds that appear exactly like online stores. Experience Shopping On The Internet Like You Not Have Well before run by mailing e-mail to promote the best value to customers in addition to a link to their bogus online shop. Your charge card information will probably be robbed once you purchase a specific thing in the phony web site. Take care when subsequent hyperlinks from e-mails.</p>
<p>You may enjoy advantages when you are an ideal buyer of the preferred online store. You are sure to have promotions and delivery savings. You may need to give your e mail, so constitute an e-mail tackle for your personal online shopping balances.</p>
<p>Try and store securely. The first task is to buy from web sites that offer safe links, meaning their webpage URL starts with HTTPS. You must also be capable of input your charge card information on-line. Make Shopping On The Internet An Excellent Practical experience For You Personally which asks you to e mail it is actually vulnerable and ought to be prevented no matter what.</p>
<p>For Understanding Shopping Online Is Easy Using This Type Of Post who have a huge solution item you'd love to purchase, and can hang on a bit whilst to purchase it, start off examining short time offer web sites like Woot. These internet websites frequently offer popular items like tvs and tablets at hugely discounted prices. As long as you're affected person, you can save a lot of money.</p>
<p>There are many sites that provide to observe the products you need to acquire and electronic mail you as soon as the selling price drops. For instance, camelcamelcamel.com will see things on Amazon online marketplace and allow you to know once the value slips by using a collection you indicate. This lets you set it and then forget it, actually!</p>
<p>You needn't prevent shopping on the internet. Great prices, free delivery plus more can be your encounter when you purchase. Utilize these recommendations to save cash each and every time you make a purchase.</p> - Comments: 0
Want Top Tips about Video Games? Take a look at The Hel - 23 Apr 2019 21:38
<h1>Want Prime Tips on Video Video games? Take a look at The Helpful Article Beneath</h1>
<p>Since their creation many years ago, individuals have gained much leisure from video games. This leisure comes at a price, as most video video games carry price tags that may be too costly for folks. If WAYS TO GET The Most From Your Video Games need to find low cost or even free video video games you can enjoy, then learn the following article.</p>
<p>Hold off on shopping for Pc games until you know extra about your buy. Pc video games contain using serial numbers. These serial numbers can only be used once, rendering used Pc games worthless in many cases. Due to this, Laptop games are notoriously troublesome to return if you do not enjoy them.</p>
<p>Don't take the word of a minor on whether or not a sport is appropriate for them. If a game is rated M for mature, there's normally a very good reason for it. Do your homework on the new new sport your kid is begging for. Make sure it's one thing you want them enjoying before you spend money on it.</p>
<p>If you are having bother seeing important particulars in your video recreation, adjust the brightness. Video game designers usually wish to set a mood in their games, but that mood comes with the price that essential puzzle items could also be missed in the dimness. Take again The Best Article For LEARNING TO BE A Video Game Pro by boosting that brightness in the setting's space.</p>
[[image"/>
<p>If you are a dad or mum of a toddler who enjoys playing video video games, remember of multi-player and on-line gaming choices. These options allow your little one to interact with different gamers throughout the world. As good as it is on your child to have the ability to work together with others, you have no idea who the individual on the other end is.</p>
<p>Take the plunge into the pre-owned video game market. Many gamers will buy a sport and end the sport fairly rapidly. Many stores permit these video games to be traded in after which promote them at a reduced cost. This could possibly be essentially the most cost-effective way for you to get newer games without the high value.</p>
<p>Learn opinions of games earlier than you buy them. You may be waiting for the brand new shooter sport to return out, but if you purchase it with out reading critiques, will probably be a huge waste of time. Try at the least three to 5 critiques before putting your cash down on a sport you won't like.</p>
<p>Try not to purchase new video games on the day of their release. Video video games are expensive nowadays and waiting a month or two from the release date can assist you to save some huge cash on new video games. New video video games all the time value extra for the first few weeks after their release.</p>
<p>To make video video games extra fun, strive experimenting with multi-player choices with your pals and household. Enjoying video video games by yourself may be very gratifying, however, taking part in with friends and family can make video games much more thrilling. These days, most video video games come with a wide range of various multi-player choices.</p>
<p>Strive to search out wealthy, entertaining video games which have some instructional worth to your children. These video games will not solely provide enjoyable to your child, however also can teach them one thing as effectively. This can assist to broaden your kids's horizons and set a powerful basis for their morals as they are going to be getting something out of it.</p>
<p>Take The best And Worst Video Games Of All Time at video sport scores. Like film rankings, video games are rated relying on their content. The ESRB includes gamers 18 and older, "AO" is Adults Just for gamers 18 and older, and "RP" means Ranking Pending.</p>
<p>Ask mates for recommendations. Better but, consider asking their kids! Try to be succesful to seek out the gaming aficionados in your social teams, so use them to your benefit. The Best Video Game Advice You'll Ever Find know you and you trust their opinions, so you must have the ability to extra easily choose new games to play from their recommendations.</p>
<p>Maintain a firm funds in the course of the course of the year on video video games. Video video games could be a very expensive good to buy, which can set you again hundreds of dollars if issues get out of management. Try to select just a few games and follow these, to scale back your total expenses.</p>
<p>To profit from your video gaming funds, wait half a year earlier than getting titles you need. On common, major releases hit twenty dollars within five months. At that price, you should purchase 3 times the video games you may if you got them at their launch date and value.</p>
<p>Consider video games before you consider the system. Before you exit and spend a whole lot of dollars on a gaming system, assume about what sort of video games can be found on every system. Whereas many games have a model for every system, there are nonetheless some video games that are exclusive to an individual system. Select properly.</p>
<p>Discover out what the labels on video games mean. This is especially smart to do if you are a dad or mum. You wish to guantee that your kids solely see issues acceptable for their age, so pay shut consideration to these labels and know what every score means before you purchase a sport.</p>
<p>Bear in mind of the addictive nature of gaming, whether it's you or somebody, you love continually on the console. Although video games could be nice fun and even supply something academic, they're by their very nature an addictive exercise that may quickly over-take anybody's life. Know the signs of addiction and be careful for them!</p>
<p>After studying this article, hopefully you can be able to find some great games to play with out worrying about excessive costs. Video video games can be a fun experience, however you do not have to break the bank just to take pleasure in them. Use the information provided and spend much less money whenever you recreation.</p> - Comments: 0
You As Well Can Be Quite A Expert In Internet Shopping! - 22 Apr 2019 21:19
<h1> Online Shopping Can Save You The two Time And Expense And Tricks About Shopping On The Internet</h1>
<p>You may have wished to use the web buying, nevertheless, you weren't as well positive about regardless of whether your visa or mastercard quantity and knowledge would be safe. This short article can assist you with that, but it can also open the realm of internet shopping like you have by no means seen just before. Keep reading for several excellent buying recommendations.</p>
<p>If you are intending to become doing some shopping on the web, make sure you know the responsibility for every bank card you use online. Numerous charge cards have intelligent scam elimination built-in although some supply it for any minimum fee. You do not would like to get bound to acquisitions created on your own card in case the quantity is stolen.</p>
<p>Will not spend excessive money on delivery. Transport expenses can definitely add up. Several internet sites supply free freight, free shipping once you invest a particular quantity, or have a coupon code that lets you get free shipping. Instead of paying your cash on shipping, search for a retail store that vessels at no cost.</p>
<p>Be sure you see the return guarantee before purchasing online. Some online acquisitions can have diverse return plans than you normally see. This is also true when you are acquiring from an online sale shop like eBay. Go ahead and take extra time to check out what your profit privileges are so you aren't astonished in the future.</p>
<p>Before buying on-line, look for any reviews you can get around the things. Fortunately that many stores have customer reviews top and center nowadays. Amazon online, as an example, has sometimes hundreds of reviews with regard to their most in-demand goods. When you have problems before buying, they are a fantastic place to begin.</p>
<p>Keep the pc guarded. If you are undertaking any shopping online, specially at a web site you might be not really acquainted with, make certain your personal computer has updated virus protection. This is important to stop your computer from becoming infected by destructive sites. There are several free possibilities which can be seen on most search engines like yahoo.</p>
<p>When you find yourself shopping online, use testimonials and ratings in your favor and then make intelligent acquisitions. Should you be getting a area rug and 10 out from 11 reviewers repeat the object was not the correct colour, you probably would like to appear someplace else for your piece. Also check out to verify that a customer was required to get the piece so as to make the assessment.</p>
<p>If you are shopping online, be suspicious of who you work with. There are many great spots to accomplish your internet buying and look for bargains, but there are also unscrupulous enterprises out there also. Make certain that the web page you will be buying on is protected plus a site which you trust.</p>
<p>When you are shopping online, use testimonials and ratings in your favor making smart purchases. In case you are buying a carpet and 10 from 11 testers repeat the item had not been the correct shade, you probably desire to appearance elsewhere for that item. Also examine to ensure a customer needed to find the item so as to make the overview.</p>
<p>Store using a close friend to save money. Many times an internet based retailer will provide free freight or any other low cost in the event you commit a certain amount of dollars. If you find that you simply will not be paying the exact amount essential, ask a friend when they require anything from the store so that you can both save money.</p>
<p>If you find a product you'd love to get on-line, but would like to spend a little less, include it with your cart. Most shops helps save the items you put in your cart, therefore you will come by and look for selling price declines frequently. Just don't hang on very long. The piece you want might disappear altogether.</p>
<p>Usually do not just check out the typical client status when choosing a product or service. Usually go through some testimonials. You might find which a critic scored a specific thing reduced for a reason why is not a large bargain for you. If Procedures For Bettering Internet Shopping Success Are In this article are moaning approximately the same factor, chances are a deficiency in a lot of the things.</p>
<p>Well before investing in an internet based purchase, make sure you do your homework in the product or service you would like to buy. There are many internet sites out there which may bring what you are interested in at distinct prices. Do a little price comparisons, or perhaps do a search on Ebay, or Froogle.com, to determine if your piece can be obtained, and where one can receive the best selling price.</p>
[[image"/>
<p>Discount sites are the most effective places to obtain bargains when shopping on the web. Web sites like Overstock.com get their goods from manufacturers that have been not able to offer their products at retail shops. This is the way they can market their items so cheaply. Attempt to buy things with these websites prior to taking a look at "regular" websites.</p>
<p>When you have a major solution object you'd prefer to acquire, and may hold out a little whilst to get it, start off examining short time supply internet sites like Woot. These sites regularly offer preferred items like tvs and pc tablets at massively great deals. As long as you're affected person, it can save you a lot of money.</p>
<p>Select an internet based retail store which offers speedy shipping and delivery. Some merchants may possibly take to a week to ship this product you bought. You should be able to find more information about transport when you read the FAQ portion of the web store or get in touch with the consumer support before buying a merchandise.</p>
<p>Usually look for different web sites to check the cost of a selected piece prior to buying it. When conducting this make sure you consider the transport costs within the general expense of the item. Since there are The Very Best Selection Of Shopping On The Internet Suggestions Has Arrived need to be sure to use them.</p>
<p>One of the better times to purchase on the web is near to the vacations, so attempt to put off significant buys right up until this season. Dark Fri is the starting of the deals, but they often previous on-line till to the new 12 months. Don't be concerned about shopping correct at night time on Friday both - most deals keep going for a week.</p>
<p>Take care with online retailers looking for a lot of information and facts. You only need to supply a retail store along with your label, address and repayment information and facts. You should never ever give your societal security variety or driver's licence amount for an web store. Choose Shopping On The Internet 101: The Basics Into A Profitable Venture if you are motivated for private details when getting a product or service.</p>
<p>Purchasing is entertaining for anyone, along with the Online makes it more enjoyable as well as simple to perform. That's why you really need to comprehend the particulars of how internet shopping performs. That way, you can get the best offers and obtain the best issues. The details in the following paragraphs ought to assist.</p> - Comments: 0
Suggestions And Tips For your Web Marketing Wants - 16 Apr 2019 15:07
<h1>Anxiety About Web Advertising and marketing? Give Your Brand A Kick WIth These Internet Marketing High Suggestions 'll Offer you Confidence</h1>
<p>Whether you're seeking to sell merchandise, providers, or one thing else fully, the web is a superb method to market. The internet allows you to achieve an enormous viewers, often for little to no cost. In this text, you will discover some suggestions that may make it easier to make your internet marketing makes an attempt a hit.</p>
<p>You possibly can simply purchase spaces designed to pop up in targeted searches, making your web site handle extremely visible to individuals thinking about related products or content. This can divert visitors to you and construct model recognition via repeated viewing. These areas are sometimes cheap to buy, and are a great investment for their many advantages.</p>
<p>Keep people focused on the advertising you want them to see by decreasing unnecessary distractions. Many guests will enter a website, click round on a few pages, after which go away aimlessly. Stop them from wandering by providing obvious paths you want them to observe. Join every hyperlink to another web page of content so that they're never distracted.</p>
<p>Your URLs can be extra common with search engines like google if they've clear, descriptive names with easily comprehensible keywords; "" is less complicated to understand than "". Dynamic URLs, even in the event that they include readable keywords, will also be less friendly to the major search engines. Your guests will also have a neater time navigating your site.</p>
<p>Supply a survey in your webpage that asks important questions about your product and taps into the satisfaction or dissatisfaction of your customers. To increase the amount of quantity that you just get, you possibly can provide reductions or offers to the visitors who take the survey, or enter them into a raffle for a prize.</p>
<p>Be sure that you are using social networking to promote your enterprise. Allowing folks to observe updates and discover more details about you thru Facebook, Twitter, and other websites will increase your chances of them becoming customers. Plus, if one customer "likes" your page on Fb, their mates may see it and take a look at your small business as well.</p>
<p>Use forums to market your website on-line. Go to forums that are related to your site or service, and spark up conversation in the threads. Have a link to your site in your signature. If you employ this in the right manner you can generate numerous traffic for your personal site from there.</p>
<p>To grow to be a profitable internet marketer, you need dedication and a excessive work ethic slightly than luck. Giant, successful companies have become worthwhile this fashion, not via luck. Was Coke lucky when their soda grew to become successful? No. Hard work and dedication are behind the success that firms like this have seen.</p>
<p>Make helpful information accessible to your readers on the internet to promote your small business. Intention to realize distinctive and valuable content material on your webpage. Teach your visitors one thing about you or your business, and keep the content material frequently updated to ensure repeat visitors.</p>
<p>An essential a part of evaluating the web advertising and marketing for your small business is to use analytics. Analytics give you useful information about how lengthy guests keep in your web site and where they go while they're there. There are free programs that you could obtain, that will offer you this data.</p>
<p>Use an inner linking system so that visitors will likely be redirected to the pages that matter. You Can't Be Successful Without These Internet Marketing Tips to an internal linking system, you can use a series of important key phrases as hyperlinks to the principle pages that you really want your visitors to see. You should use a program or a plug-in that will hyperlink keywords routinely.</p>
<p>Internet advertising can have areas that are different from regular markets. For example, it is attainable for engines like google to change their strategy and cease using title tags as a think about rankings. If things get changed up, you ought to be keen to change your method as nicely, like placing an effort into advertising and marketing via movies.</p>
<p>Once you market your product or enterprise online, write your copy with an air of excitement. In case you are excited and enthusiastic about your product, your readers (and subsequently potential customers) shall be more enthusiastic themselves. It is onerous not to get caught up within the emotion of a very good piece of advert copy.</p>
<p>Stay on top of all the latest promoting and advertising tools offered by your varied affiliate programs. Keep all your hyperlinks up-to-date and enticing by displaying the most recent and the most effective promoting out there. By protecting your adverts contemporary and present, you will keep previous readers fascinated and attract new readers.</p>
<p>Keep away from using the meta refresh tag to arrange redirects on your site. Sadly the usage of meta refresh tags is a typical tactic for spammer websites so the search engines rank down websites that use them. Use a 301 redirect as a substitute for sending readers to a new URL.</p>
<p>Being too attached to your web site might trigger you to see it by rose colored glasses. Many people make the error of making an internet site and settling in with it. They resist making any changes to it and in doing so loose edge and advantage. Your webpage is a megaphone for your corporation and the purpose of it's to make you cash, not look good in footage. Keep your site sharp and your strategies present.</p>
<p>An essential tip relating to Internet advertising is to make sure that you simply make a strong effort to promote the velocity that the order might be processed and shipped. That is essential because many individuals have now gotten accustomed to extremely fast processing and delivery. Even if you cannot compete with larger corporations, it is very important be as fast and environment friendly as attainable.</p>
<p>Test totally different ideas. For the reason that internet is always changing, it's essential to sustain and try out various things. If you find one thing is just not working, corresponding to an advert, change it. Some issues could not work, while others may end in extra money for you. It does not hurt to attempt it.</p>
<p>Now that you've read this text, you've got the knowledge it's essential to successfully market your items or providers on-line. No matter what you're promoting, reap the benefits of the advice supplied, and determine how you can also make it work for you. After some time, individuals may be coming to you for web marketing suggestions.</p> - Comments: 0
Strategies On How To achieve success In Cellular Advert - 05 Apr 2019 23:28
<h1>Strategies On How To achieve success In Cellular Marketing</h1>
<p>As increasingly more people entry the web from their cell phones, the importance of mobile advertising and marketing increases. However how should Solid Advice To Integrate Cell Advertising and marketing Into Your small business change your advertising and marketing methods? And what are some of the strongest cellular advertising and marketing strategies? This text provides you with cellular advertising tips that may allow you to master working with wireless devices.</p>
<p>Have a objective. Do not begin a cell advertising and marketing marketing campaign till you know precisely why you want to have one. It's possible you'll need to have extra income or draw in more readers, however whatever the reason, you want to trace the information you receive to search out out in case your program is admittedly profitable.</p>
<p>Partaking together with your clients is extremely vital in mobile advertising and marketing, so it is a good suggestion in case you have some line of contact open with them. Whether or not they can reach you by way of a forum, your IM handle, or by some other methodology, make certain you are maintaining the strains of communication open along with your prospects.</p>
<p>Avoid anything in mobile marketing that appears too straightforward. If it seems like it may be very easy to implement, you can make sure that something's incorrect with it. After all, we're speaking about cell-particular things right here, like apps and formatted sites. A lot of advertisements and e mail techniques are universal, so do not fret on that entrance.</p>
<p>Make it possible for your messages are targeted to their function in cellular advertising and marketing. You will not have any room for meaningless words here. If the shopper cannot perceive your message in just a few words, then it is not even price contacting them in the primary place. You should be very clear here as to your objective.</p>
<p>Sending out text messages in cellular advertising and marketing is a good thought, however you wish to make sure that these messages are not business in nature. The messages you send should undoubtedly speak to value and profit, but they must be more on the friendly aspect and never so much on the business facet.</p>
<p>Relearn the best way to create successful landing pages particularly for mobile advertising and marketing. These landing pages need to be way more streamlined than regular landing pages if you're hoping for lead-generating pages and overall customer acquisition. Take the time to study this ability and it will pay off vastly for you.</p>
<p>If you end up marketing on the mobile network, you will need to keep your messages very brief and to the purpose. Persons are utilizing their telephones as a result of they don't have the time to take a seat in entrance of the computer and relax. So many people are in a rush and on the go, and also you want to indicate your prospects that you simply perceive that and are usually not going to be a burden to them.</p>
<p>Right here is an tip for anyone new to cellular advertising and marketing. Go to your customers and promote in a method that matches their conduct. How Cellular Marketing Can Give you the results you want And The Success Of Your small business use social networking sites or search for native products by mobile apps or mobile browsers. Promote on the these areas to your audience higher.</p>
<p>Shorten Terrific Cell Advertising and marketing Tips prolonged or complicated URL, by utilizing a QR picture era shortener. This can keep the code design primary, and it will be simple to scan. URL shorteners are easy to find out how to make use of and they'll assist you to shorten any URL, in just some, brief steps.</p>
<p>Right here is another tip for individuals who want to make use of qr codes for mobile advertising. When producing qr codes, be sure to make use of a free service. By selecting a free service, you possibly can advertise without spending a dime to advertise. Be sure the service has tracking so you possibly can know who scans your codes.</p>
<p>Use QR codes. Great Ways To Engergize Your Cell Advertising and marketing Campaigns enable folks to interact with your campaign by scanning a code that may redirect them to your web site. Be sure that the QR code takes individuals to a spot where they can find useful info or attention-grabbing reductions. If not, they might not scan one other code from you.</p>
<p>Don't ship a message that doesn't clearly state who you're and how much business you've got. Be sure that your mobile campaign contains your title or the name of your brand. If you are simply starting a brand new brand, you should quickly explain what sort if services or products you sell.</p>
<p>For those who do implement SMS and text messaging, be sure that you don't spam your customers. For those who ship out too many irrelevant and unimportant messages to your prospects, you danger your quantity being blocked. Not solely will you not reach your clients, what you are promoting will get a bad fame.</p>
<p>QR codes, which are scanned by devices or smartphone scanners, make an effective hook in your marketing campaign. Look for methods to incorporate these throughout any merchandise or physical advert materials. They're fairly new and very partaking to prospects, especially in case you offer cell specific coupons or media from scanning the QR code.</p>
<p>Create a message that is crafted to make the most of your limits perfectly. You could shorten some phrases using text lingo, or create a message in any means that is going to fit the brief quantity of characters allotted per message whereas still sending the message that you just wish to share.</p>
<p>Don't send out messages for the sake of sending messages. For those who should not have a transparent goal behind sending one thing, you should most likely not send it. People will be able to see through a campaign that doesn't have a stable foundation. Your mobile advertising and marketing must be well-deliberate and related to your other campaigns.</p>
<p>All the time include some sort of discount, coupon, or promotional code when you employ cellular advertising. If a buyer receives a message with a low cost offer inside, they're more possible to come to your site to take a look at what it's that you are offering to them.</p>
<p>To be a profitable marketer, it's a must to sustain with expertise. Adapting your marketing strategies for cellular devices will make your strategies more successful. Consider the information in this text as you look in direction of how to reach out to clients on cell telephones. They're going to help to guarantee that no matter advertising strategies you utilize are effective.</p> - Comments: 0Yes, I coughed up $1,500 to be a Google beta guinea pig for Google Glass. I was very excited at the privilege of doing so, after all, one even had to be invited to join the Google Glass Explorer Program and the invitation came with the opportunity to test a really cool, disruptive tech product months before the rest of the world.
It's a Very Expensive Camera...
I'll cut to the chase: it's a very expensive, goofy-looking camera. Oh, the video works all the time, too, but, I really don't fancy the notion of taking a video as I am walking...just about anywhere.
Saturday Night Live Got it Right
Saturday Night Live had a news skit where a guest was showing how cool Glass is: the only problem, nothing worked. Well, when I muster the "let's-try-it-again" spirit and don my Google Glass in public, scores of people (truly) will stop me to say, "Whoa, 'Google Glass' - how cool are they?!"' I always want to say, "Really cool!!!" I can't. They're not even close to cool.
Why Can't Google Fix Google Glass?
"The time is nigh for your new Glass," the message I received from Google intoned when it informed me that I would be getting a box to exchange my version one of Google Glass for the updated version. The difference in the two? I did get an ear bud with my updated version of Glass, but, beyond that, I can't point to anything with version two that made me say "wow" or "finally" or "thank you!" Even the earbud didn't seem to really improve the phone's sound.
This week I received another (I have received several in the past) survey request from Glass. Though I dutifully completed the previous surveys, this time, I am not going to bother to even fill it out, because I hate having to repeat myself. This speaks volumes about the state of my relationship with Google Glass.
What Don't I Like About "Google Glass"?
- Connectivity is a problem.
- Connectivity is a problem. (Did I mention that before?)
- CONNECTIVITY IS A PROBLEM. I even bought myself an AT&T mobile wifi device after an AT&T rep told me that the hotspot activation from my iPhone really didn't have the strongest signal and the mobile device should address any connectivity problems I might have; it's made little difference. "OK Glass, get me directions to...." "OK Glass, get me directions to..." Whips out iPhone and maps it. (Now, I did have it give me directions in San Francisco and it worked and it was cool...That was once.)
- "What's the weather going to be like tomorrow?" It tells me. Cool. "What's the weather going to be like tomorrow?" It ignores me. Not cool.
- Wink app. Cool. I'm on a trolley in SanFrancisco. No cameras or smartphones allowed to be used while on the outside seats to take pictures. I've got the wink app. I wink. It takes a picture...But, then it takes a bunch pictures - and I'm not winking!
- Real-time translation of text? It's there as an app, but, I'll be darned if I can get it to work sitting down patiently at my desk, in slow motion - don't think I'll be trying it in a foreign county.
- Play music. When it works, you just ask it for music by...and it plays. When it plays, the sound, even with the ear bud, isn't very good...But, too often, the only thing it wants to let me do is take pictures or record a video.
- Google Glass is not a smart phone that you can discreetly, comfortably fit in a pocket, which means that you have to pay close attention to the weather, as an unexpected rainy day means you're stuck with you Glass tucked in your shirt.
You get the idea. I could go on, but, for what purpose if Google isn't making progress on the basics.
To borrow a phrase from Google, "the time is nigh."
P.S. Google, if it's just too big a task, mind handing it over to Apple!
Please feel free to join me on Twitter: @GlenGilmoreA forecasting service based on the world’s most powerful timing system, that gives you the time, direction, and duration of all the major market trends in ANY market!
Here's what you can expect...
SP500
Shanghai Index
Testimonial
The Supply & Demand Forecasting Service
Based on Gann’s scientific forecasting system
Imagine being able to pinpoint every major swing point, in the world’s most volatile markets, with a 90% accuracy, and know in advance, the time, the direction and the duration of the trend – and then trade it profitably!
You have in front of you a rare opportunity to take advantage of exclusive information only available in elite private circles.
Information which you have been conditioned to ridicule and reject.
Information so powerful, so precise, so profitable – it’ll feel unfair.
Information that can change your life forever.
My goal with this service is to give us, the small guys, an opportunity at the big bucks!
Listen to me very carefully, before you join, it’s my responsibility to inform you that despite this information people can still lose a lot of money.
You see what happens is, most traders operate from place of fear.
The fear of missing a move, the fear of losing money, the fear of being wrong etc.
Within this circle, most traders operate from a place of greed.
More money, more profits, more risk, more reward etc.
What happens in that process is you loosen up your trading rules.
You’ll add more positions, you’ll hold on longer, you’ll ignore obvious trading errors etc.
Let me be very clear…
Yes, you can make a yearly salary in under a month.
Yes, you’ll have more winners.
Yes, it’ll be very easy at times.
But if you do not know how to trade AND don’t have the discipline to stick to your rules/strategy…
This could be a career ending move.
I’m sure you’ve heard of many fund managers who find themselves in 10’s of millions of dollars in losses because of greed.
Gann lost trades, Gann blew up accounts too!
Here’s why I say this:
I’ve shared my forecast signals with some close associates.
Some of them made a small return, other’s made jaw dropping profits while someone else blew their account. They all were operating from the same information.
The last thing I want to hear from you is that you lost everything by going all in.
You must have live trading experience and a semi-profitable strategy to truly maximize what we are offering.
Forecasting and trading are 2 different things, keep that in mind.
Now that you’ve been warned…
If you are profitable today, these signals will add some serious weight to your bottom line.
I hope you join and make a fortune.
See you on the inside,
Trader B
Each market you would like access to is $497 month, billed monthly.
You will receive an email with a) The forecasted dates b) the polarities c) a visual map d) market commentary for the market you sign up for.
We are offering forecasting services for the BTCUSD with plans to add more markets soon.
(Enrollment for December open until Dec 3 2021 )
F.A.Q's
1. Which markets are you forecasting?
We are starting off with S&P500, Dow Jones, and Shanghai Index (A50/SSE), we do have plans to add more markets in the future.
2. You mentioned BTCUSD and EURUSD forecasting as well?
We will likely be adding them in the future.
3. Is there a group chat or community for this service?
Not at this time
4. Do you offer a trading room?
The signals are best suited for a swing trading approach that does not require constant monitoring of the markets.
5. Why is this limited to 100 people?
This is for an exclusive group. If you do not see the option to join, you can join the waitlist. Doors will be opened if someone drops out of the group.
6. Do you offer trials?
No trials, this is for professional traders. You can look at previous forecasts shared with clients to gauge accuracy.
7. Can you set me up on automatic recurring billing?
We will add that feature through our payment processor for the coming months.
8. Can I get a refund?
There are no refunds, the billing is month to month only.
9. Are these trading signals?
No, these are not entry/exit signals, these are market forecasts. You will be told the dates and polarities of major market turns. If you are not profitable right now, you may still struggle with this service. Forecasting and trading are 2 different things.
10. How do I read the signals?
Instructions will be sent with your newsletter.
11. Can I get you to forecast a specific market?
Not at this time
12. Are the signals indeed 90% accurate or is that a marketing pitch?
Join the signals and find out for yourself, our aim is to be 85-90% accurate month over month.
13. Are the forecasts for the extreme pivot points all the time?
No, it depends on the market conditions and the instrument. Accuracy is within +/-1 day of the extreme pivots. This is how the system works.
14. What’s your trading experience?
10+ years in the Gann Field
15. Can you teach me how to trade?
If there is great demand, we can do a webinar on how to best trade the forecast.
16. Do you teach how to forecast?
We use the same technique that is being taught in the Gann’s Astro Cycle Course
17. Can you share forecasted prices on the dates of the turns?
Not at this time.
18. How long will you keep running the forecasting service?
I do plan on running this for the foreseeable future, as long as I can deliver amazing results, and I enjoy doing this, but not indefinitely.
19. Is price always going to be $497/market?
No, this is introductory pricing, price will be increased to $997/month per market in a few months.By A Correspondent- A 22 year old Brazilian national who was convicted for dealing in dangerous drugs on Monday has been sentenced to 10 years in jail.
Guilherme Sodre Alvernaz DA Silveria, who was found in possession of more than 4 kilogrammes of cocaine worth over ZWL$30 million, was slapped with a ten-year jail term on Tuesday.
In passing the sentence, Harare magistrate, Ignatio Mhene, said the convict deserved the maximum sentence as cocaine is a dangerous drug that is detrimental to people’s health.
The magistrate added that the stiff penalty will send a message to other drug dealers that Zimbabwe is a no go area.
Da Silveria from Sao Paulo in Brazil was arrested on 7 April on landing at Robert Gabriel Mugabe International Airport aboard an Ethiopian Airways flight.
He was found in possession of 4.3kg of cocaine with an estimated street value of more than ZWL$30 million.
Da Silveria was intercepted by a team comprising of detectives from CID Drugs and Narcotics Harare, Canine Harare, CID Homicide Harare and CID Law and Order Harare.
The law enforcement agents conducted searches in his luggage, leading to the seizure of a whitish powder that was wrapped in silver foil paper stashed in the lining of the accused’s black jacket.
Preliminary field tests were done on the powder in the presence of Da Silveria and it tested positive for cocaine.
He becomes the second foreigner to be jailed in two months for illegally dealing in dangerous drugs after a South African woman was jailed for 12 years.-statemediaProperty Attributes
- MLS#ML81869461
- TypePending
- CountySANTA CLARA
- CitySan Jose
- AreaBlossom Valley
- Zip95123
- StyleContemporary
- Price$ 1,490,000
- Bedrooms5
- Full Bathrooms3
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage2406
- Lot Size5,319 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Hoa T. N. Hoang with Kelly Real Estate Services, Inc.
Data Source:
MLSListings - 40 - CA
Property Description
Beautiful remodeled two story home situated on a tree-lined street with nice landscaped and fenced in yard. High end custom finishes provide luxurious living. From the open-concept kitchen and living space to the newly added outdoor entertainment area with sink, there is plenty of room for the whole family to enjoy. Kitchen features a new tile backsplash, KitchenAid stainless steel appliances with Wolf Induction cooktop, granite countertops, custom walnut wood cabinets, and walk in pantry with custom shelving. Home also includes recently renovated bathrooms with tile flooring, custom cabinets and vanity, sinks, showers, and Japanese bidet toilets. Other updates include new carpet upstairs, new laminated floor downstairs, custom closets for 4 bedrooms, custom cabinets inside garage, epoxy garage floor, and a bonus 9x9 office shed in the backyard. This stunning home has many more tasteful upgrades and amenities to list - a perfect 10! Don't miss it!
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolThe functions of the Commission as stipulated in Section 6 of the Act are generally combating the financing of terrorism;
- Create and promote such conditions as may seem necessary to ensure the orderly growth and development of the capital market.
- Cooperate with other jurisdictions in the development of a fair and efficient securities industry and
-.Lángos / Hungarian Fried Bread
Credit: Valerie Csépe
Ingredients
- 2 medium sized Potatoes, boiled, skinned and riced/finely grated
- 1 package Dried Yeast (7g, ¼ oz. approx. 2 ¼ tsp.)
- ½ cup warm Milk (for yeast activation)
- 1 tsp Sugar (for yeast activation)
- 2 Eggs
- 1 ½ Tbsp Salt (25.59g)
- 2 Oz. Butter melted (1/2 stick 56.7g)
- 1 ½ cups warm Milk
- 2 lbs. Flour (32oz. 907g)– Oil or lard (enough for 1/2 to 1 inch oil in pot for frying lángos)
Directions
- Boil potatoes until tender. Allow to cool, then peel skins from potatoes.
- Warm ½ cup milk with sugar, then add yeast and allow yeast to activate (between 5 and 10 minutes). It will begin to foam and bubble a bit.
- Warm 1 ½ cups milk, keeping warm till added
- Add two pounds of flour to a large mixing bowl and rice or finely grate boiled, peeled and cooled potatoes onto the top of the flour.
- Add eggs, salt, butter and activated yeast mixture.
- Begin to mix the ingredients, then add the 1 ½ cups of warm milk.
- Continue to mix the dough until it is well mixed. It will be very sticky.
- Cover and allow dough to rise for between 3 to 5 hours.
- Anytime after 3 hours but before 5 hours, uncover risen dough, flour hands and cut off or scoop out a quarter cup(ish) size chunks of dough into your hands, roll into a ball using plenty of flour to avoid sticking.
- Flatten the roll with a rolling pin to approximately ¼ inch thickness. Cut too slits in the dough patty. I use a pizza cutter for the slits.
- Fry Lángos over medium heat. If the oil/lard is too hot they will burn, if the oil/lard is to not hot enough, the Lángos will absorb too much oil/lard. You will have to experiment with the pan you are using as well as the type of oil. I have been using olive oil or avocado oil. Fry until golden brown. The lángos should float in the hot oil while frying.
- Turn and brown the other side.
- When they are done, use tongs to remove onto a paper towel lined plate to absorb excess oil. Rub each Lángos with a peeled and halved clove of garlic and sprinkle with salt
NOTE:
- Additional toppings; Cold sour cream for dunking (my favorite!) grated cheese or whatever sounds good ☺
Feel free to contact me
Bright Red FF16195FR Covercraft Custom Fit Form-Fit Series Car Cover
Bright Red FF16195FR Covercraft Custom Fit Form-Fit Series Car Cover,Form-Fit Series Car Cover Bright Red FF16195FR Covercraft Custom Fit,Buy Covercraft Custom Fit Form-Fit Series Car Cover, Bright Red: Full Car Covers - ✓ FREE DELIVERY possible on eligible purchases, High-End Contemporary Fashion 24/7 friendly Customer Service The Style of Your Life Discover tens of thousands of new products. Bright Red FF16195FR Covercraft Custom Fit Form-Fit Series Car Cover.
Bright Red FF16195FR Covercraft Custom Fit Form-Fit Series Car Cover
- Yuauto 3 Pack Tahoe Nameplate Car Emblems Letter Badge for 07-16 Tahoe Chevrolet Glossy Chrome
- HYUNDAI Genuine 65535-3D100 Towing Hook Bracket Assembly Rear
- 2014 GGBAILEY D50885-F1A-BK-LP Custom Fit Car Mats for 2012 2013 2015 Lexus RX 350 Black Loop Driver & Passenger Floor
- American Shifter 180009 Orange Retro Metal Flake Shift Knob with M16 x 1.5 Insert White Fish and a Hook
- DNA Motoring 3BL-DRM02-3D-LED-BK-SM 3D LED Bar Third Brake/Cargo Light Black/Smoked 02-09 Dodge Ram Truck
- Kawasaki Green Hose & Stainless Red Banjos Pro Braking PBF9343-KAW-RED Front Braided Brake Line
- Factory Effex 18-88708 FX Pub Pullover Black, XX-Large
- VR|46 Apparel MMUHB160907 Multicolor One Size Marquez Helmet.Express VPN 10.11.1 Crack + Activation Code (Latest) Free Download 2021 Crack (Latest) Free Download 2021 a fake website. It is very easy to use because it has a very easy-to-use graphical interface. It also provides you with fast internet settings. ExpressVPN is free
Express VPN Crack With Torrent Download 2021 IPs with some other customers. This special cracking device can be used to extend the limits of public and personal systems. For the scalability of system protection
It is also also satisfies the requirements of marketing and advertising, anonymity, which is certainly an excellent security application you should have.
Express VPN Crack Features:
- Also, an Intuitive, user-friendly app
- Unblock the internet in one click
- Also, Browse privately and securely
- More VPN locations
- Optimized for speed
- Superior connection reliability
- Smart Location also,
- Split tunneling
- Also, Advanced leak protection
- Network Lock kill switch
- Browser extension compatibility
- Also, OpenVPN as standard
- Save your favorite locations
- VPN for all your devices
Activation Code [Updated]:
- Key [New]:
-
Serial Key [Lifetime]:
-
How to Crack?
- First of all, download from the given link or button.
-.
- Finally, All done enjoy.The Irving, Texas-based company announced Mayes’ selection to replace CEO Brad Taylor, who will remain an active owner and board member for JPI. In addition to Mayes, who previously served as divisional president and central region managing partner, the firm named Chris Clayton chief capital markets officer, Missy Hubbell chief people officer and Michael Shepherd chief innovation officer. Taylor will retain ownership of the firm and will serve as an active board member. “JPI has a legacy as a transformational multifamily developer,” Mayes said in a statement. “As a team, we’re focused on best-in-class people, technology and processes. To successfully diversify in a market evolving at break-neck speeds, we’re investing in expert leaders to uphold our people-first approach. I’m humbled to lead an organization with the best people in our industry. Our associates are forging an exciting future for JPI.” JPI is a staple in suburban apartment development and has ambitious growth plans. Taylor told Bisnow in April the firm aims to represent 15% of the area’s 20,000 to 25,000 newly built apartment homes annually by 2023.
Apartment Builder JPI – Irving Names New CEO, Payton Mayes
Ozu, Sekiro, LeGuin
Late Autumn, Dir. Yasujiro Ozu (1960) and In Search of Ozu, Dir. Daniel Raim (2018)
I suscribed to the new Criterion Channel (so maybe I’ll be writing more about movies?), and my first watch was a documentary on Ozu, one of my favorite directors, and one of Ozu’s later color films (those are the best ones). In Search of Ozu is a good short doc focusing on objects, featuring many scenes of a museum curator unwrapping objects from an archive: Ozu’s low tripod (from which he shot his signature low camera angle); Ozu’s white hat that he always wore on set; a number of pottery pieces that feature prominently in the films (including the red teakettle I mention in this post). We also see images of his diaries, scripts, and the storyboards. Apparently he drew his own storyboards, just one of the many examples given of how much he was in control of his films (even the art in the backgrounds of scenes was picked by him).
Late Autumn starring the wonderful Setsuka Hara (who was in many of films over the years) is one of Ozu’s late color films. For a directory who worked for decades in black and white, when he shifted to color the effects were pretty much immediately impressive. The story is one of Ozu’s common family dramas about generational difference centered around marriage. For one of the older generation Ozu seems strongly sympathetic to the younger generation in his films, often poking more fun at the grown-ups than the children.
As I watched I was thinking about how limited Ozu’s use of setting is. Almost all his films shift between home, work, and bar/restaurant, usually a limited number of each. We rarely see events happening outside (perhaps he could not control those settings enough for his liking). Generally, we see the primary family’s common room (with a table at which they talk amongst themselves or entertain guests), the offices (usually just one room each) of various primary characters, and then a couple bars/restaurants at which the characters regularly patronize. In a way it is much like a play in that regard.
Ozu’s shots and cuts are often quite comic-like, I wonder if he read comics when he was younger? Or even if comics did the sort of scene setting panels that remind me of his shots. Adachi often uses those in his manga (later than Ozu’s work). I wrote about an Adachi example and also Ozu here and here.
In this particular film there early on there is a beautiful scene transition (around the 8 minute mark) that utilitizes light reflecting of water in the background of the images as a repeated motif, first in a few shots inside a Buddhist temple, then there is a shot of the outside, then another interior show with the water reflection, but this time inside one of the protagonist’s home.
Sekiro: Shadows Die Twice (PS4) (From Software, 2019)
I give up. From Software makes video games with amazing world building, a mix of fantasy and weird horror, that are fun to explore and filled with secrets, mysterious NPCs, oblique stories hidden in item descriptions, and unusual creatures. But, dammit, they are hard. I generally play games on normal or casual settings, depending on the game. From offers no settings, and their default is HARD. I got to the end of Dark Souls and Dark Souls 2 primarily by heavily relying on online sources for maps and tactics and because in a lot of the hard boss fights (god, I HATE boss fights in video games) you can get an NPC to help you out. I got to the end of Bloodborne through lots of online sources and because I picked an ending that didn’t involve a final boss fight. I got through a few bosses in Dark Souls 3 and then finally just gave up after endless failed attempts to defeat a boss that was the only path through the game.
With Sekiro, I managed to get through, let’s see… 1 boss fight, and I had to reply it a ton of times. And I’ve now gotten to a point where all the paths open to me are just too hard. I’m blocked every way I go and fuck it, I give up. I want to see what the rest of the world looks like and learn more about the story, but I can’t, because I just can’t stand redoing the same fight endlessly until somehow I manage to win. And then a little while later having to do it all over again with the next one.
This game, compared to their previous, adds a lot of cool elements like sneaking and verticality (via a grappling hook) that allow for differing play than the Dark Souls games (sneaking was never a reliable option in those games, and verticality tended to only work as a way to descend to new areas), but none of those options work for the boss fights, you just end up back at grinding away on some foe who is crazy tougher and faster than you.
Hainish Novel & Stories v.2 by Ursula LeGuin (Library of American, 2018)
I came to LeGuin later in life, even though I read the Earthsea trilogy at a pretty young age, I never looked into any of her work until much later. This two volume set covers a long period of her work (from her first novel in 1966 to a later novel from 2000), many novels and a bunch of short stories all taking place in a loosely limned science fiction universe centered around the people from the world of Hain, that in one way or another are responsible for most of the other humanoid races on various planets (including Earth). Most of them involve ambassador/observers from a Hainish organization, either as a protagonist or a secondary character. The "science" is these stories tend to be more about soft sciences than hard, LeGuin is primarily interested in the sociological type of science fiction, where created societies act as a lens on which to view our own. Many of these stories start with an idea about a planet/society’s differing way of organizing gender, family, or religion.
While volume contains more of her well known and highly praised novels like the Left Hand of Darkness and The Dispossessed, I found the later work in the second volume to be stronger. The story suite "Five Ways to Forgiveness" takes place on a world that was largely made up of owners and slaves, and addressed the before, during, and after of a revolution that overthrows that system. The loose connection between the stories allows LeGuin to look at different character’s roles in the society, providing a fragmented view that builds up to a greater whole as one reads through the stories. A number of the short stories in this volume similarly take place on a world where men and women and strictly segregated and women have all the power and jobs, while the men are used for little more than entertainment and breeding.
This is long, dense collection, but it was well worth the time it took, and certainly something I will be returning to. LeGuin was not only thoughtful author but also a skilled stylist. If you haven’t read her work, or only read a very limited part of it (like the Earthsea books for interest, or one or two of her more famous science fiction novels) this set is a really great way to get a broader look at her fiction. I’m looking forward to more of these Library of America volumes (there are already 2 other similar collections).
Links
- Long interview with Jaime Hernandez from awhile back that focuses a lot on music and the early days
- Rachel Ossip reviewing Hito Steyerl’s Duty Free Art made me want to read that book. She starts out by talking about how image files are really just language.
- How to Think about Breaking up Big Tech by David Dayen at The Intercept, discussing Elizabeth Warren’s plan to break up the big tech companies.
- Jack Shear on "vanilla" fantasy I agree with most of his points, especially about contrast and how if you make everything weird and unfamiliar that it all kind of blends together and becomes a new normal.
- Alex Schroeder on the end of Google Plus Most people forgot about G+ or just made jokes about it, but it was a great place for RPG stuff. I followed a ton of people on there, and there were lots of interesting content and conversations. I’m trying to use Twitter now for the same thing, but it is a lot harder to follow because: all the interspersed retweets and ads, there’s no way to know what you already looked at, and it’s so hard to follow conversations in the way everything gets threaded separately (or sometimes, not, I’m often confused about it).
- Powerful piece by Gretchen Felker-Martin on Game of Thrones and sexual violence Last night’s season opener was pretty damn boring, sometimes that show feels like its 90% set-up for a 10% of dramatic scenes.
- Really interesting post about running a campaign in a city by Bearded Devil I definitely couldn’t plan everything out like that, let alone make such crazy detailed maps.The neck is a trouble spot for many men. Patients will often come in complaining of a “thick” neck that makes them look and feel older than their years. This is often exacerbated because men wear neckties and/or collared shirts that call attention to the neck area. Dr. Brady Knox offers both surgical and non-surgical options for male neck rejuvenation at his cosmetic center.
Some men are simply genetically predisposed to develop a double chin or excess fat in the submental region (under the chin). For others, however, age weakens the skin and muscles in the neck. This can result in jowls appearing on the lower portion of the face, a less-defined jawline, and what is often referred to as a “turkey wattle.”
Dr. Brady Knox will examine your anatomy during your initial consultation to evaluate your skin tone and elasticity and the amount of excess fat under the chin or on the upper neck, if any. He will listen to your desired outcome, and together, you will come up with the treatment plan that will achieve the natural look you want. It may include one or more of the following treatments:
Submental Liposuction: For patients with good skin quality but who have a larger quantity of excess fat, submental liposuction is the treatment choice. Dr.Brady Knox offers his patients the full range of liposuction devices: traditional, power-assisted, ultrasound-assisted, and laser-assisted. All remove fat, but each has its own unique quality. The right one for you is going to really depend on your anatomy and your needs. Regardless of the device used, Dr. Brady Knox performs what is called tumescent liposuction. With this technique, a solution of lidocaine, epinephrine, and saline are injected into the subcutaneous fat in the submental region under the chin. First, this helps to numb the area, eliminating the need for general anesthesia in most cases. Second, the volume of the lidocaine causes the fat to become swollen and firm. This, in turn, makes it easier to remove. The tumescent technique not only delivers a safer, better-looking outcome, but there is significantly less post-op bruising. This is a huge plus for most men as it means that you can more quickly return to your daily life.
For patients with minimal to moderate excess fat and loose skin, FaceTite™ can be a great option. It is a minimally invasive surgical procedure that removes fat and tightens skin in the neck, leaving behind just two small incisions. It works by using RFAL or Radio Frequency Assisted Lipolysis.
The FDA approved for skin tightening; the FaceTite™ probe has two treatment points: one on top of the skin and one under the skin. The energy passes between these two points, heating the tissues from both inside and outside. This destroys the underlying fat cells in the treatment area and leaves your skin, looking smoother, tighter, and more youthful.
FaceTite™ requires little to no downtime and minimal scarring. It may be performed alone or in conjunction with submental liposuction.
Men with excessively loose, sagging skin and/or muscle in the neck can only be resolved with a male neck lift. It is a surgical procedure that addresses:
Since men often have excess skin in the mid-line, Dr.Brady Knox will utilize a z type incision over Adam’s apple. This allows him to lift and tighten the sagging skin and muscle in the neck without placing incisions within the hairline. This is important since many men wear their hair short or have a receding hairline, making behind the ear incisions an unacceptable option.
Recovery for any male neck procedure is really going to depend on how your individual body heals. You can expect to be bruised and sore following your procedure, but this typically resolves in 1-2 weeks. For liposuction, you may require about the same amount of time. For a surgical facelift, the recovery time is longer – but the results long-lasting and well worth it. For a FaceTite treatment, there is little to no recovery time.What the Press is Saying about Rentals in Paris
Journalists and France travel editors have been in contact with us over the years for our services. A number of them have written some very nice articles about us and we're happy to share them with you here. Please click on the logos below to view them
The International Herald Tribune recently interviewed Glenn Cooper about the Paris Real Estate market. The very strong market seen in Paris through 2008 doesn't coincide with the effects seen inmany other countries affected bythe US sub prime crisis. Paris appears to be faring well for a variety of reasons according to the experts. Please click here to read the Tribune's article.
The AARP (American Association of Retired Persons) has recently published an article aimed at sharing the European Vacation Rental experience with its readers and Rentals in Paris were strongly recommended for all Parisian visitors. Please click here to read the article: AARP Article.
The Travel editor of the Washington Post has recently published an article about the top destinations for honeymoon travel. Paris is, of course, in the top ten list of Newlywed destinations, and the travel editor was kind enough to suggest to travellers that our company was a good choice for Paris apartment rentals.
Please feel free to have a look at the article here on the Washington Post's online site:
Durant Imboden stayed in one of our Chanoinesse apartments this past spring and wrote an article about us describing the experience.
Please click here for his review: An Apartment in Paris
Mark Eversman has also gotten to know us over the years and has been kind enough to include us in his great newsletter, Paris Notes.
Please click here: Parisnotes 2004.doc
David Applefield , a well respected author and Francophile, has been writing about Paris for many years. His insights into living here and making the most of the French experience are very worthwhile. He has often included great articles about Rentals in Paris on his website and in his wonderful publications about Paris (Paris Inside Out and The Unofficial Guide to Paris).
You can view his great site here:
Fodor's has recently included a write up about us and is including Rentals in Paris on their main website about Paris accommodations.
Please click here to view their site:
France on your Own has a great selections of articles and suggested travel tips for Paris and the rest of France. They strongly recommend Rentals in Paris too. You can read what they have to say here: France on your Own
Please contact us if you've seen any other articles about us and we'll be happy to include them online as well.The Sun Siyam Iru Fushi rises from the cobalt blue Indian Ocean like a gem, sitting in its own exclusive island in the middle of Noonu Atoll. As pristine as the island is known to be, every guest remembers the utmost thoughtful hospitality provided in the resort. In operation for almost two decades now, the resort and its management has evolved to curate the perfect holiday for guests making their way indulge in a magical experience. And the secret to it all? Investing in its islanders.
While in the resort for the graduation ceremony of SABA 360 Training on SABA’s 8th return to the island, we went behind the scenes to find out the right formula to build a dedicated team that serves guests with professionalism and personality. We chatted with leading members of the resort management and the SABA team on the occasion.
Training, Health and Safety Manager at The Sun SIyam Iru Fushi, Haanif Abdulla hosted our team for the graduation ceremony – a unique initiative by the resort for its butlers. Celebrated in a joyous ceremony, the graduation took place in the presence of all HODs of the management, and the SABA team giving away awards and certificates to the participants. An exciting cake cutting and refreshments followed, putting everyone in a groovy mood instantly.
Haanif expressed the importance given by Group General Manager – Abdulla Thamheed (Thambe) in initiating the training after several months of discontinuation. Thambe believes that investing in the betterment of his people, especially with an amazingly useful training such as SABA 360, a constantly evolving cycle of knowledge sharing can be established among all members of the team.
SABA 360 training by the SABA Butler Academy in South Africa was delivered by Newton Cross Jill Hunter from the academy. Colorful, energetic, creative and lively are just a few words that might describe the week-long training session, but it definitely does not do it justice. Mr. Cross being the enigmatic personality he is, involves all participants in a requirement-based program that takes them on adventures such as role playing, journaling, dancing, mindful games, and so on ensuring their full attention and engagement during the session. Most importantly, there was a lot of laughing and enjoyment as part of their every day.
30 butlers across several departments of the resort were split into 2 groups of 4 days training per group. The beauty of the curated program was that it was fitting to not only butlers, but the core elements taught in the program could benefit anyone who participates. All HODs of the participating departments were in full support of the program and kept close updates of the progress.
Notably, Haanif ensured that all arrangements were in place, especially with the establishment of the Learning Theatre at the resort which is a milestone step towards achieving a streamlined Learning & Development function. Supporting him was the full-of-life Operations Manager, Abdulla Abdul Latheef (Atham) who tremendously supported SABA team on the training and its participants in making it a success.
Mohamed Shahudhan, a successful graduate of SABA 360, shared his thoughts too. “We learned new etiquettes, gained knowledge that can be applied at work and in personal life as well. We also gained and improved our communication skills while engaging others in Hospitality industry. This training has truly added value to myself and my colleagues. We are grateful to the Sun Siyam Irufushi Management for the wonderful opportunity.”
The management’s aim is to create an environment where all islanders feel safe to express themselves, and get creative with their work. Everyone is encouraged to serve with passion, pay close attention to the smallest details, and tailor an experience for their guests with a genuine heart. As guests who have been on the island, we can assure you that we felt right at home seeing smiling, a playful ambiance and butlers who took care of our every need.
SOURCE: CORAL GLASS MEDIA
You must log in to post a comment.October 2021 Meeting & Observing
We had a great meeting on 10/9/21, with David Whalen and Steve Siedentop presenting. David gave his always-entertaining talk on sky events this month, and Steve presented a beginner’s guide to telescopes, barlows, eyepieces, observing programs, and more. About 15 members and guests enjoyed observing on the field afterwards. More observing on 10/30/201! Hope you can join us!'Barrets' Tweed Topcoat
BOSS ORANGE
Free shipping
SOLD OUT
This item is no longer available. Browse our recommendations for something similar.
Size Info
- Best for a lean frame.
- Considered an Extra Trim fit; slim throughout, with higher armholes and narrow sleeves.
Details & Care
A heavyweight salt-and-pepper tweed defines this handsome three-button topcoat tailored in a slim, modern fit.
- 35" length (size 42).
- Front three-button closure.
- Nonfunctional four-button cuffs.
- Front flap pockets.
- Center vent.
- Fully lined.
- 55% acrylic, 25% polyester, 20% wool.
- Dry clean.
- By Hugo Boss; imported.
- The Rail.
- Learn more about the Hugo Boss labels.
- Item #50495.Swans
A darker, more nuanced version of the band that dims the lights and pours the wine.
Hear new track “It’s Coming It’s Real.”
100 albums that transformed punk into a dark, experimental art form.
A retrospective on one of the most influential labels in underground and electronic music.
Michael Gira also plans to keep catalog in print.
Plus Carcass, Swans, Wolves in the Throne Room, Chelsea Wolfe.
Today is Friday, which means new music is dropping into our laps. Among the notable…
It’s an impressive enough feat to make a double-length album that holds together well without…
Michael Gira’s last album with the current Swans lineup is a hurricane of horrific musical power.
Hear an excerpt from the title track.
Twenty albums we can’t hear soon enough.
A look at a powerful reclamation of artistic vision, 25 years later.
A round-up of gift ideas for the music lover in your life.
10 elusive documents of a thrilling live performance.
Vinyl box set also features 1992’s Love of Life.
Album will serve as fundraiser for new studio album, the last of the current incarnation of the band.
The best tracks that flew under the radar in the “alternative” decade.
Live album to be a fundraiser for new (and possibly final) studio album.
Find out where to begin with this complicated, art-damaged and short-lived genre.Find Maths tutors on TeachTutti
Discover qualified Maths tutors perfect for any age and standard
32 tutors
Finding the perfect Maths tutor
Looking for a Math Tutor? With the option for online and in-person teaching, our tutors work around you. Our maths tutors have experience in teaching all ages and standards. Whether you’re looking for primary, secondary, GCSE, or A-Level tuition. We have verified and vetted Maths tutors to fit your needs and provide ongoing educational support.
Popular Maths tutors
A selection of our most popular Maths tutors
What students are saying about Maths tutors
These are the latest reviews for Maths tutors by students
Review for Tali W Maths Anthony Elton M Maths_2<<
Review for Tom C Maths tutorsSanitizing & Disinfection Service Dubai | CTT Cleaning
CTT Technical & Cleaning Services LLC - the leading disinfection company in the UAE since 2009 has developed a proven and effective way to disinfect common areas among residential areas, workplaces, healthcare facilities, hotels, restaurants, nurseries, and schools which is 100% Safe and Chemical-Free, leaving no room for viruses to survive.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
210-336-4727 | Cleaning Company San Antonio - Sanitizing ...
Sanitizing Masters provides professional sanitizing, cleaning, and disinfection services throughout San Antonio, TX, as well as the surrounding areas. Our team of skilled and experienced professionals are trained to fully disinfect environments according to CDC guidelines, and additionally provide a wide array of professional cleaning services to our valued clients components from Spraying Systems Co.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Sanitizing Company, Denver, NC | AdvantaClean
The protocols at our sanitizing company have been vetted by hygienists from various places around the country. If you are looking for a sanitizing company serving the Denver, North Carolina area, what better option than the company you’ve come to know and trust for many years for OSHA-certified emergency cleanup applications? Here at AdvantaClean of Lake Norman, Hickory and Gastonia, it is ...Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Cleaning Sanitizing Factory, Custom Cleaning Sanitizing ...
Looking for cleaning sanitizing factory direct sale? You can buy factory price cleaning sanitizing from a great list of reliable China cleaning sanitizing manufacturers, suppliers, traders or plants verified by a third-party inspector. Source with confidence
Medical Office Disinfection & Sanitizing Services | Long ...
Why gamble with a company that doesn’t primarliy focus on sanitizing and disinfection. Long Island Sanitizing strives to provide an inarguably first class sanitizing and disinfection service that promotes pristine, healthier, and safer environments for your patients and employees. Give your Patients and employees peace of mind.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Disinfection Services in Neptune, NJ | Sanitizing Company ...
You can reach ServiceMaster by Replacements at (732) 844-6232 for office disinfection and cleaning services in Neptune, NJ. Call Us Now: 888-860-7679 (732) 844-6232Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Exterior Sanitizing And Disinfection Services
Since 2011, we have provided commercial, municipal, and industrial sanitizing, decontamination, and disinfection services. Our customers include many of the most iconic and successful companies and organizations in Northern California. With ten years of experience in the Bay Area and Monterey Bay, we are the experts to call in your community.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Contact Our Waldorf, MD Cleaning & Sanitizing Company
Contact Pulse Cleaning Solutions LLC Maryland Sanitizing & Disinfection Cleaning Company COVID-19 Electrostatic Cleaning, Disinfecting & Sanitizing. Address. Physical Address : Waldorf MD. Mailing Address : 150 Post Office Rd #1124, Waldorf MD 20602. Contact Number. Local : (240) 229-6078Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Sanitizing Company | Decontamination Disinfection Services ...
Professional Coronavirus and COVID-19 Cleaning & Sanitizing. Brooklyn. Professional Decontamination - Sanitizing, Disinfection and Remediation . PROUDLY serving BROOKLYN-The Bronx, Brooklyn, Staten Island, Manhattan, Queens - Call for Decontamination - Sanitizing Services ...Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Green Cleaning, Sanitizing and Disinfection: A Toolkit for ...
Most cleaning, sanitizing or disinfection products sold are not safe, even though they are available at most stores. Only the chemicals that kill bacteria, viruses, or mold (disinfectants) have to be labeled. Manufacturers are not required to list all the ingredients on the label. Many cleaning and sanitizing chemicals can cause health problems inContact SupplierWhatsApp
COVID-19 Coronavirus - CenTex Disinfection & Sanitizing Team
As we return back to somewhat normal, it is vitally important that we Disinfect and Sanitize everything. CenTex Disinfection & Sanitizing Team is here to help. professional cleaning services covid-19 coronavirus Killeen Temple BeltonContact SupplierWhatsApp
Commercial Disinfection and Sanitizing Services - Building ...
Effective disinfection of surfaces is fundamental to controlling the spread of bacteria and viruses, including coronaviruses. LOLY & G Building Services Inc. provides advanced electrostatic spray (ES) disinfection services to disinfect your facility and reduce the risk of COVID-19, the infectious disease caused by the most recently discovered coronavirus.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Marine Disinfection | Sanitizing Pros
MARINE~ YACHTS ~ FACILITIES. Sanitizing PROS is a locally owned commercial cleaning company that provides our clients with exceptional cleaning solutions that achieve the highest standards at the most competitive prices.. We are obsessed with health and cleanliness, and we offer the lowest prices on residential home cleaning & complete full service janitorial, commercial office cleaning ...Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Disinfection and Sanitization - State Industrial Products
Sanitizing and disinfection, in particular, are crucial steps in preventing the spread of communicable diseases and illnesses throughout the population. Cleaning: Removing visible dirt and debris from surfaces by washing or wiping with detergents. Sanitizing: Reducing …Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Disinfection, Sanitizing Company in Montreal, QC | OctoGuard
Feb 17, 2021·In the U.S. alone, COVID-19 has infected millions of people and killed hundreds of thousands. Staying at home, maintaining a distance of at least 6 feet, wearing a mask, and frequently washing your hands are the top four ways to reduce your risk of …Contact SupplierWhatsApp
TopTier Sanitizing LLC | Just another WordPress site
Sanitizing lowers the number of germs on surfaces or objects to a safe level, as judged by public health standards or requirements. We are now servicing the South Jersey area. We provide a benchmark for public health practice improvements. We are available 24/7 for post and pre- covid-19 needs.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
disinfection sanitizing company in sumy
COVID-19 Cleaning & Sanitizing Services- disinfection sanitizing company in sumy ,COVID-19 Cleaning & Sanitizing Services.WHAT IS THE CORONAVIRUS? Coronavirus 2019-nCoV, more commonly referred to in the media as the coronavirus or COVID-19, is a respiratory virus first identified in Wuhan, China suspected to have originated in a large animal and seafood market.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Electrostatic Disinfection Service | Sanitizing ...
Northern New York COVID-19, Cold, & Flu Disinfectant Service WELCOME TO SANITIZING TECHNOLOGIES Our products kill 99.9% of bacteria and most viruses. We use an electrostatic technology to apply disinfectants and sanitizers to target high-touch surfaces and hard-to-reach places in a variety of settings that standard application tools struggle to get.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Green Cleaning, Sanitizing, and Disinfecting: A Checklist ...
Green,Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Sonic Equipment Company | Sanitization and Disinfection.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Cleaning and Disinfecting Your Facility | CDC
Jun 15, 2021·If-19. Check that the EPA Registration number.Contact SupplierWhatsApp
Spray Products For Sanitizing And Disinfection | Spraying ...
Find a Local Rep. EN-TR. Selected Country/Region: EN-TRContact SupplierWhatsApp
Sanitizing Company | Bio-hazard Disinfection Services For ...
CONCORD BIOHAZARD. Professional Biohazard - Sanitizing, Disinfection and RemediationContact SupplierWhatsApp
Electrostatic Disinfection Cleaning, Sanitizing Company ...
We are Germsweep Offering Residential and Commercial Disinfecting, Monitoring & Sanitizing Services About Us. GermSweep, a minority-owned and managed company based in Pittsburgh, PA has designed and delivered the industry’s first total solution for combating …Contact SupplierWhatsAppRegister Online NOW!!
Principal’s Message
Welcome and thank you for taking the time to visit the North Miami Adult Education Center Website.. We strive to create an environment where every student is given the attention necessary to achieve their individual goals while being encouraged to take part in the macrocosm of the world stage to provide the talent that each student can uniquely contribute after their experience here at North Miami Adult Education Center.
As the Principal, my priority is to ensure that all teachers provide meaningful learning experiences to all of our students. Our faculty and staff members are also dedicated to making a difference in the lives of our students. Become a member of our student body and entrust us with your academic journey. Enroll now in courses that will begin to set the course of your life from beyond just dreaming of beginning your educational experience, into actually achieving it.
Thank you for making the right decision to do it now.
Sincerely,
Franklyn J. Glasford
Principal
Find Out More
It is known as the go to place if you fancy some fried chicken.
Your favourite dish might be finger lickin' good original chicken, a boneless banquet meal or some hot wings - but chances are that you will be able to find it nearby.
But just how clean is the KFC that you most regularly go to?
Whether it be a favourite place to grab a meal or a convenient stop off on your way back from a night out, the majority trust that the kitchens where their favourite menu items are being prepared are clean and hygienic.
Somerset Live has taken a look at all 12 KFCs across Somerset - and nearby towns Trowbridge (Wiltshire) and Shaftesbury (Dorset) - and compiled the food hygiene ratings of all of them.
What is a food hygiene rating?
A food hygiene rating is given to all businesses which serve food.
It is awarded following an inspection which measures a business based on the following three criteria:
- Hygienic food handling
- Cleanliness and condition of facilities and building
- Management of food safety
The business is then awarded an overall score from zero - meaning urgent improvement is required - to five - meaning hygiene standards are very good:
- Zero - urgent improvement is required
- One - major improvement is necessary
- Two - some improvement is necessary
- Three - hygiene standards are generally satisfactory
- Four - hygiene standards are good
Five - hygiene standards are very good
The food hygiene ratings
Here are the food hygiene ratings of all 12 KFC restaurants across Somerset and the surrounding areas.
All of the below ratings have previously been published on the Food Standards Agency website and are correct as of Wednesday, January 29.
Bath
Address: 16 Lower Borough Walls, Bath, BA1 1QX
Rating: 5 (Very good)
Date of last inspection: January 7, 2020
Bridgwater
Address: 10 High Street, Bridgwater, TA6 3BH
Rating: 5 (Very good)
Date of last inspection: June 10, 2019
Frome
Address: Enterprise House, Wessex Fields, Frome, BA11 4DH
Rating: 5 (Very good)
Date of last inspection: July 23, 2019
Glastonbury
Address: Wirral Park Road, Tor Retail Park, Glastonbury, BA6 9XE
Rating: 5 (Very good)
Date of last inspection: April 23, 2019
Gordano Services
Address: Gordano Services, M5, Portbury, Bristol, BS20 7XG
Rating: 5 (Very good)
Date of last inspection: July 12, 2019
Keynsham
Address: Broadmead Lane, Keynsham, BS31 1ST
Rating: 4 (Very good)
Date of last inspection: December 12, 2019
Shaftesbury (Dorset)
Address: Grosvenor Road, Shaftesbury, SP7 8DS
Rating: 5 (Very good)
Date of last inspection: February 13, 2018
Taunton
Address: 59 East Street, Taunton, TA1 3LX
Rating: 5 (Very good)
Date of last inspection: January 25, 2018
Trowbridge (Wiltshire)
Address: 235 Bradley Road, Trowbridge, BA14 0RQ
Rating: 5 (Very good)
Date of last inspection: May 23, 2018
Weston-super-Mare
Address: Marchfields Way, Gallagher Retail Park, Weston-super-Mare, BS23 3YY
Rating: 5 (Very good)
Date of last inspection: May 24, 2018
Wincanton
Address: Lawrence Hill, Long Close, Wincanton, BA9 8AA
Rating: 5 (Very good)
Date of last inspection: July 17, 2019
Yeovil
Address: Western Avenue, Lufton Way, Yeovil, BA22 8YQ
Rating: 2 (Improvement necessary)
Date of last inspection: December 9, 2019.Which cast members of 1994 animated film by Joe Johnston The Pagemaster have died?
Living or Dead? Celebrities, films, tv shows, birthdays, deaths ... your one-stop shop to satisfy your morbid curiosity.
The Pagemaster is a 1994 American live-action animated film starring Macaulay Culkin, Christopher Lloyd, Whoopi Goldberg, Patrick Stewart, Leonard Nimoy, and Frank Welker. The film was produced by Turner Pictures, Inc. and released by 20th Century Fox on November 23, 1994. The film was written for the screen by David Casci, based on a six.Contribute to Another Year of Turbulence!
Dear Friends,
We’re half-way through our end of year fundraiser. Please make a donation (tax-deductible for US residents) before December 31.
Now embarking on its 32nd year, New Radio and Performing Arts, Inc. — an independent not-for-profit organization founded in New York City — continues to agitate the institutional art world through its trailblazing projects, including New American Radio (1987-1998), Turbulence.org (1996-), Networked _ Performance (2004-), Networked _ Music _ Review (2007-), and Networked: a (networked _ book) about (networked _ art) (2009-).
Since 1981, NRPA has commissioned more than 500 works by more than 400 artists, many of them just beginning their careers. The Turbulence.org archive spans a crucial 15-year period of exploration and innovation in digital, networked environments, ranging from hypertext to information visualization, blogs to social networks, and interactive dance/musical compositions to 3-D architecture.
Here’s what Régine Debatty and Timothy Murray have said about Turbulence.org:
“Turbulence because they’ve been consistently commissioning net.art … and because they have a great blog called Networked_Performance that documents better (much better) than me the calls, essays and events that interest the whole new media art community.” Régine Debatty, we-make-money-not-art, 2006
“Turbulence … has developed into a natural archive of Internet art, housing the largest representation of American art produced as networked art. Indeed, no other on-line exhibition project has played such an influential and lasting role.” Timothy Murray, The Rose Goldsen Archive of New Media Art, 2011
Please help us keep doing what we’re doing by making a donation via PayPal on or by sending a check to:
New Radio and Performing Arts, Inc.
124 Bourne Street
Roslindale, MA 02131
United States of America
Thank you.
We wish you all a peaceful and prosperous 2012.
Warmly,
Jo and Helen- Services
- Planning Department
- Zoning and Development Information
- Zoning Verification
Zoning Verification
Zoning Verification Process
It is not uncommon for a developer or a financial institution funding a development project to require or request a zoning verification letter. Below you will find some helpful information in reference to zoning verification.
What is a Zoning Verification Letter?
A Zoning Verification Letter is a document provided by the City of Haslet to verify the current zoning of a specific piece of property and generally the types of uses that are allowed in that type of zoning district.
What type of information is provided in a Zoning Verification Letter?
The Zoning Verification Letter provided by the City of Haslet will contain the following information:
The current zoning district of the property.
The current overlay district of the property, if applicable.
A list of permitted uses allowed in that zoning district.
The letter will not provide any outstanding Code Enforcement violations on the property. You may contact Code Enforcement for that information at 817-439-5931 x 107.
How do I obtain a Zoning Verification Letter?
To obtain a Zoning Verification Letter please complete the form below and submit with the required application fee of $35.00 (non-refundable). An application and fee are required for each piece of property. Requests need to be directed to:
Walter E. Reeves, Jr., Planning Director
City of Haslet – Planning Department
101 Main Street
Haslet, Texas 76052
ZONING VERIFICATION REQUEST FORM (PDF)
How long does it take to receive a Zoning Verification Letter from the City?
Please allow at least ten (10) business days to process the request and receive your letter.
HELPFUL HINTS
Before submitting requests please verify that the subject property is located in the city limits of the City of Haslet. This can be accomplished by visiting, selecting "Property", "Property Address", and entering the property address. All taxing entities for the property will display. If the City of Haslet is not a taxing entity listed, the property is not in the City of Haslet city limit.
A legal description is required for staff to provide accurate information. You may use Tarrant Appraisal District as detailed above to obtain the legal description for the subject address. Provide the legal description on the request form where required or you may provide a recent survey (performed in last five years).
Make sure to submit your request at least ten (10) business days before the letter is needed.Temperatures will be very mild overnight with lows in the 60s. We will actually see temperatures warm a bit as the night progresses. Conditions should be mostly dry, but cloudy. It will be on the breezy side with winds out of the southwest at 10-15 mph, with higher gusts.
Even warmer air will move in for Tuesday and winds will pick up a bit out of the southwest at 15-25 mph. As of now, it looks like most of the daylight hours should remain dry with a few breaks in the clouds possible. Temperatures will warm to the low 70s. Our record high in Norfolk of 78 degrees set back in 2007 should be safe. Rain chances will increase by late afternoon and evening as a strong cold front approaches. Temperatures will fall into the low and mid 40s overnight with rain.
Rain will be possible early Wednesday. Again, doesn’t look like it’ll be a washout. You’ll need the umbrella as you head to work or school, but won’t on the way home. struggling to get out of the 30s! The gusty northerly wind will not help. At least skies will be sunny.
An area of low pressure will move in for the end of the work week and weekend with increasing rain chances. Temperatures will trend a bit warmer with highs in the mid and upper 50s.
Weather & Health
Pollen: Low (Mixed Trace)
UV Index: 1 (Low)
Air Quality: Good (Code Green)
Mosquitoes: Low
Meteorologist April Loveland
For weather updates on Facebook: HERE
Follow me on Twitter: HERE
Follow me on Instagram HERE
Click here to sign up for email alerts from the First Warning Storm Team.** View LARGE On Black **
☠ ☠
** 1984 Eastman And Laird Full Turtle’s Team Pinup!; on ROMITAMAN ORIGINAL ART
approx. 8″ x 1″
Artwork Details:
Media Type: Pencil and Ink
Art Type: Pinup
Artist(s): Kevin Eastman (penciller)
Peter Laird (inker)
“Check out this HISTORIC 1984 Eastman and Laird Full Team Turtle Pinup from the VERY FIRST YEAR of this CLASSIC RUN, by the great Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird! This may even predate TMNT #1!The Turtles are in their classic apartment eating pizza and drinking beer, while watching TV and talking about what channel to watch! Very funny references to Love Boat, Hill Street Blues, the People’s Court, the Flying Nun, and the A-Team are all part of this funny pinup! Art is drawn on an 8 by 11 inch manilla paper! Marker is slightly fading but everything is in good shape otherwise on this beautiful 28 year old pinup! Just an amazing, EARLY Turtles pinup which is signed and dated in 1984 by both artists!”
Price: $ 2300The City of Abilene is pleased to announce Anna Hatter, Wichita Police Department Deputy Chief, as its new Police Chief.
“After a nationwide search with 82 applications from 30 states, Anna quickly rose to the top of our list,” said Abilene City Manager Jane Foltz. “After her interview, we knew she was the right person for the job.”
Hatter is a 26-year-veteran of the Wichita Police Department. She quickly rose through the ranks before being appointed to Deputy Chief in May of 2019. She has a Bachelor of Science Degree in Organization Management and Leadership from Friends University and a Mini MPA in Executive Development from Wichita State University.
“I am humbled and beyond excited to have been chosen as Police Chief and can’t wait to begin work with the Abilene Police Department and the community,” said new Abilene Police Chief Anna Hatter.
According to Foltz, Hatter did her homework with trips to Abilene to visit with residents and businesses about the community and police department prior to being interviewed.
"Anna wants to be in Abilene, she understands our community, and we will benefit from her years of experience," Foltz said.
Hatter and her husband, Chris, have a total of three children and seven grandchildren. The Hatters will relocate to Abilene where she will begin her duties on October 1.When it's window tinting Adelaide you're after, Adelaide Premier Window Tinting has you covered for all domestic and commercial window tinting Adelaide needs.
Adelaide Premier Window Tinting have a range of quality window films to suit a variety of home window tinting and office window tinting applications. Our products and services include:
Improve your energy efficiency and the functionality of your workspace with a solar control window film by Adelaide Premier Window Tinting. With the correct window film application, your home or office can save up to 30% on heating and cooling costs.
Our solar control window films offer:Our solar control window films offer:Johnson, E. Patrick. Honeypot: Black Southern Women Who Love Women. Durham; London: Duke University, 2019. 250p bibl index, eISBN 978-1-4780-0724-1, $15.31)
E. Patrick Johnson masterfully crafts a riveting autobiographical and narrative account of southern black women and their sexuality in one of his latest book’s Honeypot: Black Southern Women Who Love Women. As the Dean of the School of Communication and Annenberg University, Professor of Performance Studies and African American Studies at Northwestern University, and an extensive scholar in queer studies, Johnson’s book sports a unique approach to southern black women’s narrative and their experiences outside of one singular identity.
As with many cultural and heritage studies projects, audiences and scholars must learn to accept varying perspectives and narratives that encompass the individual and human story. Doing so allows the historical events and references to gain validity while also providing personal reflections aside from the facts or data.
Within Honeypot’s pages, the reader is allowed to follow along with the brave women’s journey and expression that allowed their stories to be shared for both critique and learning. In the first few pages of the book, Johnson introduces the book’s symbolic reference to honey and bees, which he eloquently alliterates throughout the book. Quickly, the central thesis forms within the context of Honeypot. Johnson carefully constructs the notion that despite the experiences these women have either witnessed or experienced, it does not always equate to their sexuality outcomes and views.
Most of the women, which Johnson also masterfully displays, are featured in an array of life cycles from young and inexperienced to mature, cultured, and world taught. Nevertheless, his literary contribution magical is the reverence and respect he adds to the project from how he narrates the stories of the women who voluntarily confided in him to his care toward their experiences and their unique non-gender-conforming attributes.
Despite the book’s short chapter count with the project comprising only six chapters, excluding the preface, introduction, and epilogue, the content that fills the spaces between are profoundly rich and golden like honey. Even as Johnson presents some of the most haunting tales of abuse, both familial and society, he creates a literary shield that allows these women’s stories to be expressed in consumable doses that do not detract from their experiences.
Aside from the central thesis of showcasing that experiences may or may not shape personality outcomes, Johnson provides a platform for tough conversations on religion and familial problems in the black community.
Most of the women who expressed their stories shared that religion took either hold or was rejected based on the experiences gained from those around them that influenced religious affiliations. It was also intertwined with the strong belief system that is often projected throughout black families, which continues to be passed down regardless of if everyone subscribes to its principles. In this web, we see Johnson provide context from the women’s stories where, despite their efforts, sides are customarily taken and projected regardless of reality in black families.
However, Honeypot: Black Southern Women Who Love Women could be considered a required text for families as they navigate life’s ideologies and practicalities. Overall, Johnson showcases that these women’s stories and other women that share similar stories are consequential and unique to the scope of cultural and heritage studies. Without judgment, preconceived notions, and prejudiced assumptions, Johnson provides an outlet for expression and celebration of uniqueness among these queen “bees” and their collected “hive.” Honeypot: Black Southern Women Who Love Women adopts the banner of strength and beauty despite a flawed and arduous past, much like the production of pure, golden honey. It is not just the outcome that makes it beautiful, but it is the story and process behind it that completes the picture.Well where have I been?
After working diligently on my mini house, I stopped at the end of September to deal with all the holiday busy-ness. So, you ask, what happened after the holidays were over?
We bought a house! No, a big one, not a mini house. And in another state, no less. It took a huge amount of time to deal with the purchase matters, and it was a couple of months before escrow closed. Once escrow closed, it was months of packing on weekends, in addition to working full time. So fine art and miniatures fell by the wayside.
And then we moved, not just to another house, but to a new state more than half way across the country. Hello to four seasons, muggy summers, cool fall weather, cold winters, and lovely spring greening. We moved in almost 5 months ago. Many things to be fixed or updated, many many pieces of furniture to purchase and put together, and flooring installation in the 3 season porch. We LOOOVE our new house, but it is still an ongoing project.
I do have my art studio set up in our basement, my craft/miniatures area, and my workshop mostly set up, though I still need to install the pegboard for my tool storage/display.
The living room at our house is the man-cave. The basement is the woman-cave! And the basement is HUGE – about 1600 square feet, unfinished but dry and high ceilinged. It came with tons of storage shelving already in place, and decent lighting, which I have massively improved.
So it may still be a while yet before I can take the boarding off of the mini house and start work anew. But it will happen!Kiva Lending Team: Pushka Loans
We loan because...
We understand the entrepreneurial spirit and the personal pride in developing your own successful business whilst also benefiting others. Kiva brings reality to those who think they have it tough in the first world.
Location: Larkfield, Kent, UK
Latest Messages
0 messages. Join the team to get in on the action!
Team Activity
This team has not made any loans in the past 90 days that are currently raising funds. Check back soon or make a loan!
Have feedback on lending teams? Click here.14 Lambert Court, Athenry, Co. Galway
€340,000Detached House
4 Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Detached House
Rating:
Contact Name: Tara McNamara
Agent:
DNG Lyons & Bracken Auctioneers
PSR Licence Number: 003553Email Agent Show Number
|
|
Save This Ad
Key FeaturesDetached Bungalow C107.76 SqM ( 1160 SqFt)
Location! Location! Location!
Walking Distance to all Amenities
Daily Bus Route to Galway - Close Proximity
Large Rear Garden
Property Description
Rarely do bungalows come to the market in Athenry especially one in such a convenient location as this, its within walking distance of the town centre which makes this one the ideal purchase for both young and old alike.
Lambert Court is popular & friendly residential area, its within walking distance of schools, shops, the train station and a bus stop.The local Londis supermarket is directly across the road as is the bus stop which has a daily service running numerous times to and from Galway City coupled with a regular nightly service at the weekend.
No 14 Lambert Court has 4 well proportioned bedrooms and a large garden to the rear, finished off with a Tarmacadam driveway to the front of the house.
While this home requires some redecoration it represents an ideal opportunity for the Purchaser to put their own stamp on their future home..
If you are in the market for a detached bungalow style home then you should be adding this one to your shopping basket and early viewing is advised.
Accommodation:
Entrance Hall 5.63m (18'6") x 1.06m (3'6")
Floor Tiling
Sitting Room4.17m (13'8") x 3.96m (13'0")
Solid Fuel Stove,TV Point, Solid Wooden Flooring.
Kitchen/Dining3.97m (13'0") x 5.86m (19'3")
Fitted Kitchen, Tiled Splash Back Area, Stainless Steel Sink, Fridge/Freezer, Oven, Hob, Extractor Fan, Floor Tiling, Back Door Leading To Garden.
Bedroom 1 3.39m (11'1") x 3.5m (11'6")
Solid Wooden Flooring
En-Suite 1.8m (5'11") x 0.8m (2'7")
W.C., W.H.B., Shower, Floor Tiling.
Bedroom 2 3.26m (10'8") x 3.51m (11'6")
Free Standing Wardrobe, Solid Wooden Flooring.
Bedroom 3 2.77m (9'1") x 3.5m (11'6")
Fitted Wardrobes, Carpet.
Bedroom 4 3.11m (10'2") x 3.53m (11'7")
Solid Wooden Flooring
Bathroom 1.76m (5'9") x 2.15m (7'1")
W.C., W.H.B., Electric Shower, Bath, Floor Tiling,
Hotpress
Storage
Bedrooms: 4 Bedrooms
Floor Area: Circa 107.76 sqm (1160 sqft)
BER Rating: D1
BER Reference: 14389901
BER Current Value: 253
Heating: Oil Central Heating
BER Details
BER No. 114389901
Energy Performance Indicator: 253.00 kWh/m2/yr
This property was last updated: 9 days agoOur Product Offering
- Attitudinal research
- Behavioural research
- Product development
- Product tests
- Test markets
- Feasibility studies
- Tracking studies.
- Benchmarking studies
- Market segmentation
- Impact Assessment
- Customer Satisfaction
- Omnibus Survey
- Employee surveys
- Mystery shopper surveys
- Customer loyalty
- Concept testing
- Consumer lifestyle
- Customer profiles
- Brand Perception
Methodologies
Quantitative
We offer plenty of choices for collecting quantitative data
- Computer Assisted Personal Interviews (CAPI)
- Pen And Paper Personal Interviews (PAPI)
- Computer Assisted Telephonic Interviews (CATI)
- Web Assisted Personal Interviews (WAPI)
Qualitative
No more buffering – create and enjoy. Our UI was built on
- Focus Group Discussions (FGD)
- In-Depth Interviews (IDI)
- Workshops/Forums
- Mystery Shopping
- Ethnography
- Vox-pop interviewsQuotes and Sayings About Godmother
Oh, where is the Fairy Godmother of explanations when you need her?
-- Allison Pearson
Always a godmother, never a mother. That sucks. I've got to get me one of those little accessories.
-- Courteney Cox
Once upon a time there was a fairy godmother, but the rest of the time there was none. This story is about one of those other times.
-- Diane Setterfield
The public has become my fairy godmother.
-- Eartha Kitt
In fact, of all hoodoos in Wall Street I think the resolve to induce the stock market to act as a fairy godmother is the busiest and most persistent.
-- Edwin Lefevre
-
The key to happiness - as any good fairy godmother will tell you - is not to avoid problems, but to overcome them.
-- Janette Rallison
I believe that our lives, just like fairy tales - the stories that have been written by us humans, through our own experiences of living - will always have a Hero and a Heroine, a Fairy Godmother and a Wicked Witch.
-- Lucinda Riley.
-- Margaret Haddix
I was a teenage godmother.
-- Theresa May
The first time I was given money to shop for myself, I was 13 and staying with my godmother in New York. I went to Clinique and bought the three-step acne programme and felt so grown-up.
-- Trinny Woodall
The idea that somebody else is going to swoop down and play the fairy godmother role is pretty unlikely, so why not take care of yourself?
-- Victoria Moran
-
I've been a godmother loads of times, but being a grandmother is better than anything.
-- Vivien Leigh
Hepatitis D virus
Videos
Notes
Microbiology
Virology
AssessmentsHepatitis D virus
Flashcards
Questions
Hepatitis D virus
USMLE® Step 1 style questions USMLE
USMLE® Step 2 style questions USMLE
A 47-year-old man presents to the emergency department with altered mental status. He was found unconscious in an alley by a bystander who called paramedics to the scene. Upon arrival in the emergency department, the patient is mumbling but is unable to report his medical history. Chart review demonstrates a history of intravenous drug use and chronic hepatitis B infection. Temperature is 36 °C (96.8°F), pulse is 112/min, respirations are 10/min, blood pressure is 100/53 mmHg, and oxygen saturation is 95% on room air. Physical examination demonstrates jaundice, track marks on the upper extremities, as well as diffuse ecchymosis. The patient is appropriately resuscitated, and the following laboratory results are seen:
This patient's clinical presentation is most consistent with infection with which of the following pathogens?Move the location or search on the map to generate the latitude and longitude
The Guardian/Custodian of the AED is the person responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of the AED, if you do not know this information simply put N/A
+44 (0) 1789 867 501info@heartrhythmalliance.org
To download our information resource and receive regular updates from
Arrhythmia Alliance please enter your details below*:
*Please note you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any timeReturning to a rebound relationship. What exactly is a rebound relationship?
- Posted by emma mccrea
- On July 17, 2021
Rebound relationships happen. They happen on a regular basis! Individuals get free from a relationship that is failing fall straight into a brand new one. Quite often, they are doing this without permitting on their own time that is proper heal. She or he may have damage that is significant the last relationship either through the the usual brutality of getting through a breakup, perhaps there clearly was some type of psychological abuse (or even even worse). Or maybe itâ€™s that shattering understanding that the individual you merely entrusted your complete future into ended up being not to type with this specific precious present.
Things result in varying quantities of devastation and also this person that is lovely just met comes shambling to your life and it is going to do a lot of harm.
So that you got a man whoâ€™s made you the rebound? You will find scores of reasons why you should jump straight into another relationship and, unfortuitously, not one of them are valiant:
- Heâ€™s never ever been alone before and doesnâ€™t understand how to deal.
- Heâ€™s in large amount of discomfort and requires some loving to produce him feel much better.
- Heâ€™s afraid of returning to their ex and requires one thing to stop this weakness.
- Heâ€™s wanting to show or disprove all the awful things she stated about him if they split up.
- Heâ€™s trying to make himself delighted once more but this is actually the way that is only understands just exactly exactly how.
- He believes here is the only method to make himself feel a Rochester escort service lot better.
- He might just be actually selfish and does not actually worry about whom he hurts.
Then fascinating small you shows up along with your cuteness and then he falls into you like a teddy bear and you’re a lot more than prepared to allow him in.
Then things have serious! He realizes that either he or perhaps you are developing feelings and thatâ€™s the final trap he desires to find himself in! He pushes away, but he nevertheless requires you for psychological validation. And you also (him to hold on but at this new arms-length place in his life because you think heâ€™s fantastic) allow.
Can a rebound relationship be more ever?
Allow me to ask you to answer a concern. Can there be someone in you life you have actually labeled in almost any specific means? Possibly it is a pal because she has a boat or access to something you love that you only tolerate. Possibly it is a buddy regarding the household whom adores you you just see him as a brother that is big. Just What would it not simply take for the individual to differently make you think about them? Very little, appropriate? As soon as the peoples head comes up having a label or category for one thing on itâ€™s life, that label tends to stay. It is very nearly impractical to get anyone to think about that you way that is different they will have comprised their head in regards to you.
Why would he consider you girlfriend product as he extends to experience you the way you two have been getting along without the regarding the frightening psychological accessories and obligations that are included with it? You might be the perfect woman appropriate now! Intercourse, witty bantering, more sex, after which days or days of perhaps maybe not thinking in regards to you. Demonstrably, you are receiving one thing using this additionally, you are wanting strings connected. You prefer more and also this makes him â€œpunishâ€ you by waiting much much longer to call the the next time.
We stated nearly impossible, appropriate?
Thatâ€™s right! there clearly was a glimmer of a cure for the lady that is the rebound girl who would like a relationship that is actual. Why would he perhaps return to a rebound relationship?How could you persuade some body that you’re real relationship material additionally?
You need to show him what heâ€™s missing. This really isnâ€™t something you are able to either do in person. He currently understands how good you two simply click together and exactly how much enjoyable you’ve got in each presence that is otherâ€™s. Now all you need doing is go on it away. Go on it most of the real way away! When he realizes that this enjoyable, sexy, disarming presence is completely gone from their life, their mind will begin to deconstruct all the time you invested together. This may magically make most of the labels heâ€™s given you disappear. He’ll begin to simply see you while you and never see you for the bucket heâ€™s put you in.
This seems impossible, I’m sure, since you are losing buddy along the way. And yes it seems for not giving you what you really want like you are just being cruel to him. And you kinda did know what you were getting yourself into if you really want to apply some logic to this scenario. You fundamentally knew about their ex and just exactly what spot she held/destroyed in the life. Now could be perhaps maybe not the time and energy to tune in to excuses. Just state goodbye and wait a a short while. If he never ever calls right back, he really didnâ€™t care. If he does, he may keep coming back searching through brand new contacts that enable him to begin to see the complete you and not only that you will be their rebound relationship.
For the time being, you may be because of the present of the time to make your self also more desirable once you two finally do reconnect. Obtain a gymnasium account. Discover one thing brand brand new. Do anything you can to be more irresistible for this man. And a lot of of all, look after your heart!
3 thoughts on â€œ heading back to a rebound relationship â€
Hi ive recently returned with my ex for third time heâ€™s been abusive before and products at weekends every week-end Iâ€™m gettin fed up currently just what should I really do
Which means you went back once again to your ex partner for the 3rd TIME? Why did you two split up to begin withâ€¦ or the 2nd spot? Has that problem been remedied? Perhaps you have both focused on being far better to one another and in addition be better individuals? fixing the relationship really only works when the two of you have actually dramatically grown. Without it, you can expect to just duplicate the exact same habits again and again and soon you split up once and for all with some severe wounds. Sandra, there is absolutely no doubt youâ€™re in a tough destination right here, but they are you here you or are you just afraid to move on/be alone because itâ€™s the best thing for both of? The first step listed here is to LOVE YOURSELF and have your liked self whatâ€™s best on her behalf.
My ex girl and me has invested a lot that is whole of months of love and crap together. After a large break after 6 months and comes back to me. up she founds her rebound, leaves him. We meet up for just two months, then find yourself fighting again and end the connection. After having a months that are few in August she extends back into the rebound and theyâ€™re still together.. are you able to show me personally why? PS each time she saw me personally away, sober or drunk she would speak with me or flirt me.Opioids are a classification of substances which encompass a wide range of specific drugs. These include both naturally occurring and synthetic pharmaceuticals. No matter the source, opioids are highly addictive. Use can quickly surpass a simple bad habit and lead to a series of debilitating side effects. If you or someone you love is struggling with an opioid addiction, seek out the help of professional opioids drug rehab. The sooner you get help, the better off you will be down the road. Reach out today!
Types of Rehab Programs
Residential Rehab Programs
A residential opioids drug rehab program is usually recommended. Patients are provided with housing and other necessary amenities at the treatment center. Moreover, they are inundated with the recovery environment and can find a focus and serenity other centers may not be able to match.
Outpatient Rehab Programs
An outpatient rehab program for opioids does not provide housing for its patients. They offer the same world-class addiction treatments and therapies, but patients are able to live at home during the process.
Intensive Outpatient Rehab
Very similar to standard outpatient rehab, intensive outpatient programs for opioids drug rehab offer lodging options for patients, but they do not stay at the treatment center. They typically live in nearby sober homes with others in recovery.102500 People factor has been at the core essence of any organization mainly due to the fact that it is the ultimate resource that brings about the completion of work … Read More “The Marketing Era”
Philosophy
Responsibilities as a Member of Painters and Allied Trade
 .It is, therefore, my responsibility to continue to work dedicatedly with my organization to achieve excellence. The realization that a person is incapable of achieving excellence individually, has forced me … Read More “Responsibilities as a Member of Painters and Allied Trade”
The Banyan Voluntary Organization
The organization’s beginnings started from a heart-warming experience of one of its founders – Vandana Gopikumar who was then a student pursuing a graduate program Social work. One afternoon, Vandana … Read More “The Banyan Voluntary Organization”
A Philosophical Approach to the Subject of Gang Activity in Londons Night Time Economy
When taking an epistemological approach to understanding things, it is crucial to separate knowledge that is rooted in fact from knowledge which is what can be called ‘false knowledge’. Taking … Read More “A Philosophical Approach to the Subject of Gang Activity in Londons Night Time Economy”
Free Will (Determinism vs Libertarianism)
One form of determinism is called casual determinism which advances the theory that free will is based on physical laws and the events of the past and present. Logical determinism … Read More “Free Will (Determinism vs Libertarianism)”
Metaphysics Old and New Immanuel Kant
Kant’s moral theory is not necessarily to focus in consequences necessarily, but rather focusing on an issue that should be done regardless of the burden it creates. The theory automatically … Read More “Metaphysics Old and New Immanuel Kant”
English literature (poatcolonalism regionnation)
Post colonial literature can be of any genre. It may relate to philosophy, movies, politics or pure literature like novels, poetry anthologies, drama etc. Human feelings, sufferings and achievements find … Read More “English literature (poatcolonalism regionnation)”
Concepts of Fortune and Virtue in the Machiavellis Prince
Both of Machiavelli’s concepts of “virtue” and “fortune” deviate from their traditional meanings and connotations. In spite of this unambiguous deviation from the traditional meanings, his concept of “fortune” yields, … Read More “Concepts of Fortune and Virtue in the Machiavellis Prince”
International Human Resource Management
The ever-changing environment reminds us that, for a business to survive, it has to concentrate on its core competencies to be ahead of the competitors. The concept of Strategic Human … Read More “International Human Resource Management”
Cognitive Therapy Behavioral Therapy Both or Neither
 .As another example, Albert Ellis (1913 – ), a pioneer in rational emotive behavior therapy (REBT), which some consider a precursor to cognitive therapy, was described as “…originally a psychoanalyst … Read More “Cognitive Therapy Behavioral Therapy Both or Neither”
The Enlightenment and Scientific Discovery
While the scientific discovery was an essential part of the process by which the age of enlightenment progressed, there were some difficulties in reconciling scientific knowledge with the social and … Read More “The Enlightenment and Scientific Discovery”
Organisational Behaviour
ndividuals’ needs into two groups: needs arising from man’s nature to avoid pain from the surrounding and the need thought that comes from unique trait to grow psychologically. An organization’s … Read More “Organisational Behaviour”
“Oedipus &
Hamlet" Heroism of Oedipus &. Hamlet: A compare and contrast study In general, heroism is a popular theme among the world renowned playwrights. Within the context of the play Oedipus … Read More ““Oedipus &”
Racial Oppression in Sonnys Blues Dream Deferred and Crash
During the course of our short history on earth, humans have sanctioned the death of millions of innocent individuals on account of innate psychological differences. Hitler is the most obvious, … Read More “Racial Oppression in Sonnys Blues Dream Deferred and Crash”
The Trouble with Wilderness
The Trouble with Wilderness- by William Cronon is thereby one of the most discerning works concerning environmental philosophy ever fashioned. . Henry David, as mentioned or quoted by a number of … Read More “The Trouble with Wilderness”
Summary of I Am Because We Are pg 338pg356
number I Am Because We Are – pg 338 – pg356 This section of the book talks about the Afro-centric idea in education. It was initially established by Carter Woodson … Read More “Summary of I Am Because We Are pg 338pg356”
Reading and Answer the Question
Living with art According to some insinuations from “living with art,” there are a number of ways through which people are affected by art. For this reason, there is a … Read More “Reading and Answer the Question”
What Customers Don’t Know Won’t Hurt Them Will It
Elena’s Conflict List and identify an example of all of the sources of conflict that lead to Elena behaving dishonestly in her workplace. The sources of conflict according to Elena’s … Read More “What Customers Don’t Know Won’t Hurt Them Will It”
Philosophical issus
Philosophical issues Cultural relativism holds the view that social beliefs and ethics are relative to an individual’s social context. It emphasizes that wrong or right is defined by a given … Read More “Philosophical issus”
Machiavelli The Prince and St Thomas More Utopia
3750 Machiavelli is the father of Modernity and Democracy and the creator of Secular Man par excellence (Eidelberg, n.d.). The civilization before was greatly influenced by classical Greek philosophy and … Read More “Machiavelli The Prince and St Thomas More Utopia”
Rationalism (Rene Descartes) and Empiricism (David Hume)
71750 According to the research findings there are two contrastive schools of thought. while one gives premium to reason, the other gives premium to experience. The first school of thought … Read More “Rationalism (Rene Descartes) and Empiricism (David Hume)”
End of Module assesment work
One similarity is that both articles are exploring the issues of school pupils and students, together with the problems that they face. One article examines how pupils in mixed secondary … Read More “End of Module assesment work”
Sentencing and Corrections System
Sentencing and Corrections System Even though rehabilitation is one of the listed purposes of sentencing, its capability to achieve the goals has been questioned at length. On the contrary, incapacitation … Read More “Sentencing and Corrections System”
Aristotle’s Theory
Aristotle against Epiphenomenalism In the modern scientific knowledge, epiphenomenalism is a teaching, considering the mind and consciousness as phenomena, which only accompany physiological processes (Robinson). Epiphenomenalism suggests that mental processes … Read More “Aristotle’s Theory”
Philosophy [Close Reading] Capital Volume I Karl Marx
The longer the time spent to create a certain product, the higher the value it will command in the market. A Marxist analysis would give us a premise that labor … Read More “Philosophy [Close Reading] Capital Volume I Karl Marx”
Explain the concept of mercantilism Give concrete examples of governments pursuing mercantilist policies Is mercantilism still alive today Explain your answer with details
MERCANTILISM Mercantilism Mercantilism involves the development of policies necessary for keeping a prosperous through economic regulation. Robert P. Murphy defines mercantilism as an economic theory or philosophy, which holds that … Read More “Explain the concept of mercantilism Give concrete examples of governments pursuing mercantilist policies Is mercantilism still alive today Explain your answer with details”
Poetry and Pathos in Hamlet
Hamlet with its resonant poetry and tragic philosophy of love, loss and duty highlight, with supreme grace, the intricacies of characterization. A close study of the formal artifices employed through … Read More “Poetry and Pathos in Hamlet”
Grant proposal to set up a medical/educational clinic
By using the philosophy of parenthood. it will provide the patients with the necessary information so that they are in a better position and they are better informed to make … Read More “Grant proposal to set up a medical/educational clinic”
Great Philosopher Plato
1250 People are still continuing to read Plato to this day in part due to him being only one of the two philosophers, out of three total, to have written … Read More “Great Philosopher Plato”
Conservative Political Philosophy and Social Policy in UK
Conservative political philosophy Social policy in the United Kingdom Conservative political philosophy strives to perform a morally suitable act so that it can produce the best for the members of … Read More “Conservative Political Philosophy and Social Policy in UK”
Dangerous Factors of Philosophy
A lot of people do not acknowledge philosophy, it is essential that some advantages are outlined. The research provides a number of reasons why philosophy is still an important area … Read More “Dangerous Factors of Philosophy”
Louis Vuitton Supply Chain and Brand Identity
LVHM has a distribution center in France, where it sends products to regional distribution centers, such as in Japan, Asia, and the U.S. LVHM also has retail stores all over … Read More “Louis Vuitton Supply Chain and Brand Identity”
Self Introduction Issues
Module Self Introduction I am a balanced, analytical, and likeable person with a high affinity for adventure and exploration. Mywriting mirrors my personality, and I express most of my thoughts … Read More “Self Introduction Issues”
Negative Attitude of Healthcare Professionals towards Borderline Personality Disorder
 . In this regard, the researcher identified few research objectives and questions highlighting the issue. The rationale for the research topic was ascertained in the form of prevailing healthcare professionals’ … Read More “Negative Attitude of Healthcare Professionals towards Borderline Personality Disorder”
Confucius and Gautama
Confucius &. Gautama: Similarities and Differences Both Confucius and Buddha (Siddhartha Gautama) were Asian philosophers, who lived in the 6th Century B.C. Their life quests to relieve life-long suffering of … Read More “Confucius and Gautama”
Psychological Illnesses Do Not Differ from Bodily Illnesses
The advances in neuroscience have revealed brain pathology to be the cause of most mental diseases. The abolishment of the term ‘mental illness’ may be advantageous in removing the stigma … Read More “Psychological Illnesses Do Not Differ from Bodily Illnesses”
A Fundamental Philosophy of Capitalism Deeply Rooted in the Doctrine of Consumption
The emergence of new social trends further collaborated on the fact that a rise in consumerism. The mass availability of goods and services in most of the industrial economies is … Read More “A Fundamental Philosophy of Capitalism Deeply Rooted in the Doctrine of Consumption”
How does sports media affect society
How Does Sports Media Effect Society? Outline Introduction: The introduction contains a thesis ment which assumes that the sports media’s excessive attention to sports have contributed to realization that sports … Read More “How does sports media affect society”
Historic accuracy of the movie 300
HISTORICAL ACCURACY OF THE FILM 300 The Zack Synder directed film “300” may have been a box office blockbuster, but it is aligned very little to history and riddled with … Read More “Historic accuracy of the movie 300”
Implementing The Learning Organization
The Learning Organization is a group that prepares its workers to be ready to anticipate, adapt and change as the situation warrants. One of the key components of a Learning … Read More “Implementing The Learning Organization”
The Concept of Double Consciousness
Sur The African-American Spirit W.E. Du Bois coined the term double consciousness to mean that feeling when you look yourself from another’s person perspective especially when people view you as … Read More “The Concept of Double Consciousness”
Are we obligated to provide Government aid in order to help people in other countries
The aid provided by OECD is known as official developmental aid (ODA). This aid is provided to different countries on the basis of certain terms and conditions. (OECD) Though, this … Read More “Are we obligated to provide Government aid in order to help people in other countries”
Principles of Community Care Provision Reflecting on the Roles of Carers
The definition also looks at the different aspects of the health of human beings that should be addressed quickly when one aspect is not working well. An example that can … Read More “Principles of Community Care Provision Reflecting on the Roles of Carers”
Social Status of Muslim Women in Islam
Muslim women in the modern age have a unique image which is sometimes full of misconceptions. We see them as the antithesis of modernity due to their cultural practices. Contrary … Read More “Social Status of Muslim Women in Islam”
Asceticism and Sentiment Gandhi and Dickens
In “My experiment with Truth” Mohandas Gandhi explores the complexity of social standards in England and British India, from his personal experience. (Gandhi, M.K. 1996). Gandhi regarded the western view … Read More “Asceticism and Sentiment Gandhi and Dickens”
Procedural Memory
Procedural Memory Procedural Memory Biking is a common phenomenon in the modern society. Bicycles are used by different people in the society and for different purposes. For example, it is … Read More “Procedural Memory”
The ethics of the earlier thinkers
PHILOSOPHY It is a question that has troubled billions of people since the dawn of time: how should a person lead a good, meaningful life? There are as many theories … Read More “The ethics of the earlier thinkers”
Philosophy Redistribution or Recognition (Fraser)’s paper
cussions on recognition and redistribution differ in four ways: first, they have different definitions of what injustice is in that redistribution regards injustice as rooted in economic causes whereas recognition … Read More “Philosophy Redistribution or Recognition (Fraser)’s paper”
Voltaire’s Candide
or of unit Response to chapter I-V of Candide by Voltaire The book “Candide by Voltaire” is a controversial book banned in many countries for its attack on religion politics … Read More “Voltaire’s Candide”
Philosophy of the Person and Self Concept
51250 Locke in his .An Essay Concerning Human Understanding .and Jacques Rohault in his .Ultimate Questions: Thinking About Philosophy .use primarily ‘reason’ as their major tool for scientific research and methodological strength. He initially … Read More “Philosophy of the Person and Self Concept”
Justifying Beliefs
Justifying Beliefs Philosophy is not only about developing one’s ideas and finding the truth. A great part of philosophy lies in the justification of the ideas and beliefs that is … Read More “Justifying Beliefs”
How has your family history culture or environment influenced who you are
HERE YOUR HERE HERE HERE How My Family History, Environment and Culture has Influenced Who I am Today My family provided me with the self-motivational tools necessary to achieve goals … Read More “How has your family history culture or environment influenced who you are”
Answering 10 questions regarding the Greeks from myth to reason
History and political science Answering 10 questions regarding the Greeks from myth to reason What were the basic featuresand limitations of Greek democracy?The features of Greek democracy entail the eligibility … Read More “Answering 10 questions regarding the Greeks from myth to reason”
The Portrayal of Wisdom in Platos Allegory of the Cave
I believe that knowledge is the simple process of acquiring and assimilating information, either through education or by reading the literature on specific topics. To me, wisdom is a different … Read More “The Portrayal of Wisdom in Platos Allegory of the Cave”
Management Theories and Philosophies
133250 This research will begin with the statement that the Management Theory and Philosophy is referred to an independent forum that pays attention to the essential philosophical matters of management … Read More “Management Theories and Philosophies”
My Working Experience in Business
I also provided ideas about advertising and furniture design. Running a business became art by itself for me. I felt more interested in learning to run a business that makes … Read More “My Working Experience in Business”
19Th foreign policy of ‘partnership’
The United s of America has since the 19th century, articulated a foreign policy of “partnership” with the countries of Latin America. First, define the US position on Latin American … Read More “19Th foreign policy of ‘partnership’”
Intro to Business
Success of Patagonia during the Latest Recession Patagonia is a high-end outdoor clothier and gear maker which survived the effects of the latest economic recession. Indeed, the company generated huge … Read More “Intro to Business”
Media Ethics (Philosophy)
And with this haunting one’s mind, there is basically nowhere to better start looking for the answer but in the very institution that is created for these dynamic exchanges – … Read More “Media Ethics (Philosophy)”
Buchanan Human Status and Moral Enhancement (Summary 2nd Half)
Moral Status and Human Enhancement by Allen Buchanan Buchanan, in this article, deals with the widely held beliefs (or fear or anxieties) about the possibilities of producing an enhanced human … Read More “Buchanan Human Status and Moral Enhancement (Summary 2nd Half)”
Different and expectations
Leaders – different expectations The characteristics of leaders worldwide are not standardized. In fact, it seems that social and cultural trends in each society influence the expectations that people have … Read More “Different and expectations”
General Electric’s Joint Ventures
General Electric’s Joint Ventures General Electric’s Joint Ventures The reasons why General Electric has preferred joint ventures in the recent past as opposed to acquisitions or Greenfield ventures are described … Read More “General Electric’s Joint Ventures”
Philosophy of Science and the Notions of Scientific Progress Found in Popper and Kuhn
On the basis of the two philosophers’ respective philosophies of science, this paper seeks to prove that the approaches of Popper and Kuhn allow us to view that science indeed … Read More “Philosophy of Science and the Notions of Scientific Progress Found in Popper and Kuhn”
Problems in Total Quality within the Workplace
Unfortunately, this in itself has been a perplexing task since TQM has had various definitions for different people. The TQM philosophy revolves around assumptions that are manifested in people, quality, … Read More “Problems in Total Quality within the Workplace”
Cultural Interpretations of Nature and the Effect on the Environment
In the same way that individuals have different views on the concept of nature, so do different cultures as a whole approach the concept. Perceptions of what can be termed … Read More “Cultural Interpretations of Nature and the Effect on the Environment”
(Case 5) Case System Feedback Loops SLP Time Normal
the inputs, i.e. workforce, raw materials and equipments as well as the outputs, i.e. the products and services that the company provides (Harkin).Here this loop brings out the positive as … Read More “(Case 5) Case System Feedback Loops SLP Time Normal”
The world I live in
13 July An Analysis of Ethical Issues Involved in a Recent Event of Capital Punishment Introduction: Capital punishment or .death penalty is a punishment awarded to persons convicted of capital offences, … Read More “The world I live in”
Elements in life
Submitted by: Charlene G. Samoy Philosophy Essay October Elements that Compose a Justified Life Occasions of suicide and suicidal attempts are happening all over the world. This makes us think … Read More “Elements in life”
Daoist Concepts and Todays Thought
In this system, Yin represents water, quiet, substance and night, while Yang represents fire, noise, function and day. As can be seen, these two entities are polar opposites, which means … Read More “Daoist Concepts and Todays Thought”
Corporate Ethics Governance and Social Responsibility
Therefore, it prescribes a certain amount of social responsibility that the corporate authorities should maintain according to their corporate governance. This can be termed as the corporation’s social responsibility. Today … Read More “Corporate Ethics Governance and Social Responsibility”
Fences by Augusta Wilson
Q 6. Troy is unsympathetic character, agree or disagree ‘Fences’ by Augusta Wilson is an outstanding play which depicts the African- American life of nineteenth century. The play bagged several … Read More “Fences by Augusta Wilson”
Homelessness as a Social Problem in the United States and in Canada
The number of homelessness in the United States seems to be high than in Canada but when homelessness is considered per capita. the United States is lower than in Canada. … Read More “Homelessness as a Social Problem in the United States and in Canada”
How the Staley Workers Can Win a Fair Contract
Case of A. E. Staley Manufacturing Company, which was taken over by Tate and Lyle, is a prime example of corporate greed where the ‘union’ must become the major facilitating … Read More “How the Staley Workers Can Win a Fair Contract”
KnowledgeSharing Dilemmas
Workers in the healthcare profession should be conscientious enough to provide high-quality service. To achieve this, good teamwork must be established. The unified vision of what the organization wants to … Read More “KnowledgeSharing Dilemmas”
Similarities and Differences in the Use of Objects in Films and Exhibitions
A curator may have sole responsibility for the acquisition and care of objects in small organizations. He/she will make the decisions regarding what objects to collect, conduct research based on … Read More “Similarities and Differences in the Use of Objects in Films and Exhibitions”
Module 8
This clinic has sites in Minnesota, Florida, Scottsdale, Arizona, Rochester and Jacksonville (Hawn, 2011).The mission of Mayo Clinic is “to provide utmost care to every patient each day through built-in … Read More “Module 8”
Moral Dilemmas
Moral Dilemmas A moral or ethical dilemma is generally a complex situation, which mostly involves apparent mental conflict that exists between moral imperatives in case one obeys would transgress the … Read More “Moral Dilemmas”
Political Ideologies My Political Beliefs
Political Ideologies: My Political Beliefs Political ideologies and philosophies are typically envisaged as expressions of people’s observations of the relationship of human being and the nation. By looking around the … Read More “Political Ideologies My Political Beliefs”
Main Aspects of Teaching Philosophy
The appropriate teaching philosophy is to remain flexible to change and use personal learning in multi-adaptable situations as an educational professional in today’s classrooms. A school is operated much like … Read More “Main Aspects of Teaching Philosophy”
Group Relations Management and Organization
Working together on a group assignment is not always easy and it takes negotiation and a willingness to compromise in order to be successful. As Americans, we guard our individualism … Read More “Group Relations Management and Organization”
Does God exists
Does God Exists INTRODUCTION God is conceived by most of the people in the world as supreme-being and primary object of faith. Different peopleliving in this world possess dissimilar views … Read More “Does God exists”
The Terms of World Trade Organization and Customs Union
The World Trade Organization (WTO) is the sole body which is responsible for making global trade rules which are binding on its member States. Following the guidelines laid by the … Read More “The Terms of World Trade Organization and Customs Union”
Personal Philosophy of Life Based on Plato’s Apology
Talking about true wisdom as the final destination to reach, what is actually true wisdom? For me, I believe that true wisdom is the ultimate knowledge that stays in perfect … Read More “Personal Philosophy of Life Based on Plato’s Apology”
Performance management framework of Limo Services in Austin TX Company
Performance Management Framework for Limo Services In Austin, TX Company Alignment of the Performance Management Framework to the Organizational Business StrategyOrganizational business strategy of Limo Services, TX Company is to … Read More “Performance management framework of Limo Services in Austin TX Company”
Foundations Of Alternative Media Development
Alternative media can take one of many forms – radical media, ethnic or racial media, student media, subcultural media, and indigenous media among other forms. Viewed from either perspective, the … Read More “Foundations Of Alternative Media Development”
The Differences between Utilitarianism and Kantian Deontology
Utilitarianism and Kantian Deontology share one thing in common, i.e. they are both aimed to provide solutions to moral dilemmas. Utilitarianism is more of the morality of justice and it … Read More “The Differences between Utilitarianism and Kantian Deontology”
Analysis of Aristophanes and Peter Meinecks Clouds
Aristophanes develops a play, “the clouds” which is fundamentally about education. To detail his conservative beliefs, he uses satire as the main figure of speech across the whole play. The … Read More “Analysis of Aristophanes and Peter Meinecks Clouds”
The Inclusion Philosophy of Education
Fact that every country has undertaken massive efforts in strengthening education and International organizations such as the UNICEF &. UNESCO to name just these two have embarked on various programs … Read More “The Inclusion Philosophy of Education”
What Can Be Learned from the Past Interior Design as a Continuation of Ideas
To improve the dialectic relationship, designers must consciously or unconsciously develop forms and designs to reflect the needs of the modern man – shelter, social interaction space and a continuing … Read More “What Can Be Learned from the Past Interior Design as a Continuation of Ideas”
Kant’s Moral Philosophy
Kant stated that it is true that all our knowledge is based on raw sensory data that we receive through senses. But intellect is needed to analyze and process that … Read More “Kant’s Moral Philosophy”
WalMart for a Strategic Management and Business Policy
Wal-Mart has existence over all the customer supplies industries that endure in the US, for the reason that it is the number-one supplier-retailer of the majority of our customer goods, … Read More “WalMart for a Strategic Management and Business Policy”
Six Sigma A Global Tool for Product and Service Perfection
Six Sigma is a business philosophy that centers on continuous development (NC State University 2003). It is also a management strategy concept that establishes a paradigm of maximum discipline in … Read More “Six Sigma A Global Tool for Product and Service Perfection”
Legal and Ethical Issues Regarding the Clean Needle Exchange Program
ethical questions into play and depending on the ethical approach being taken with regard to the program. it can be shown that the program is debatable. To better understand that, … Read More “Legal and Ethical Issues Regarding the Clean Needle Exchange Program”
History of Ancient Greece and Its Historic Reformation
The history of the country starts from the Stone Age. Minoan and Mycenaean kings also have contributed significantly to the history of the country. This paper will try to enlighten … Read More “History of Ancient Greece and Its Historic Reformation”
Analysis of the Poem Drinking Alone Beneath the Moon by Li Po
The moon was regarded to have a special position in the Tang dynasty, making it a key source of inspiration for the speaker. The shadow is also noticed as the … Read More “Analysis of the Poem Drinking Alone Beneath the Moon by Li Po”
“Global Justice &
Global Poverty" There is the fear of the gap widening more in the years to come if no action has taken place to curb this problem.Inequality is massive in the … Read More ““Global Justice &”
What are Innovation management critical success factors
If an organisation does not innovate, it will not have longevity as more innovative competitors will begin to outperform a business that is complacent by doing business as usual without … Read More “What are Innovation management critical success factors”
Principles of Human Resources Management Questions 1 How might the lack of diversity at Blueberry be explained and should this be considered as a problem 2 How would you advise Lennox to help resolve this lack of diversity
However, the problem is not the procedures of Blueberry but its culture. The HR department manages to recruit the workforce from new sources however the organization-fit characteristics that they are … Read More “Principles of Human Resources Management Questions 1 How might the lack of diversity at Blueberry be explained and should this be considered as a problem 2 How would you advise Lennox to help resolve this lack of diversity”
The Philosophy of Science
“What connection between an observation and a theory makes that observation evidence for the theory” (Godfrey-Smith, 2003, p.39)? Herein, I shall argue that although science fails to provide certainty and … Read More “The Philosophy of Science”
Ethical Theories and Theft
The 10 ethical theories highlight certain behaviors and personality characteristics which should help to assist in guiding rational, wise and socially-proper decision-making. Ethics also start with generosity (Chodron, 1993). In … Read More “Ethical Theories and Theft”
Schopenhauer and Kants Copernican Revolution
According to Schopenhauer, the two aspects of the world that we experience are the objective world or the external world that is relative to each of us, and the subjective … Read More “Schopenhauer and Kants Copernican Revolution”
The Notion of A Living Constitution
The Notion of a Living Constitution By Affiliation The Living Constitution The living constitution was structured in the understanding of the situation by then with the understanding of the future … Read More “The Notion of A Living Constitution”
Explain why Simmias and Cebes are so afraid of death in the phaedo whereas Socrates is not Does Socrates’ explanation convince you or are you like simmias a
The action of the dialogue in Phaedo takes place on the eve of Socrates’ death in Athens in 399 B.C. As to be expected in this scenario, the dialogue centers … Read More “Explain why Simmias and Cebes are so afraid of death in the phaedo whereas Socrates is not Does Socrates’ explanation convince you or are you like simmias a”
1 Choose one topic from your philosophy 2 Discuss this topic in relation to your own field of Nursing and one other field of Nursing
This is becausehygienecontrols the multiplication and spread of organisms that cause diseasesin everyday life settings. There are different types of hygiene that are essential in the preservation of health, for … Read More “1 Choose one topic from your philosophy 2 Discuss this topic in relation to your own field of Nursing and one other field of Nursing”
Analyse &
ow hobbes amp locke’s views differ on the state of nature, the social contract, and the system of government. To what extent was each philosophe The ‘State of Nature’ is … Read More “Analyse &”
My Leadership Philosophy
Leaders solve problems and encourage creativity thus driving competitiveness in the organization (Martin, 2006). Effective leadership approach should foster the formation of meaningful relationships and enhance harmony in teams in … Read More “My Leadership Philosophy”
In the attachment
Muidh Alfarwan Barry Pen-Hollar RELIGION 202 9 May Question Sikhism: Religious Traditions and its Moral Philosophy Sikhism is the fifth largest religious belief in the world which traces its roots … Read More “In the attachment”
The Rotana Hotels Management Corporation
Recommendations based on the Operations Management are given at the end of the report. The Rotana Hotels Management Corporation known as the Rotana Hotels’ basic philosophy is that ‘hospitality is … Read More “The Rotana Hotels Management Corporation”
The creation and consumption of Pornography objectifies women
of the of the Philosophy Submitted The Creation and Consumption of Pornography Objectifies Women Introduction Pornography refers to the depiction of erotic or sexual behaviour or images in various forms, … Read More “The creation and consumption of Pornography objectifies women”
Diversification for Coke
Diversification for CokeDiversification can be referred as a strategic decision which primarily takes a company to other markets or products. The process of diversification occurs in general by way of … Read More “Diversification for Coke”
Was Geoffrey Chaucer Machiavellian
750 In this respect, they have greatly influenced leadership models that have been adopted through time. Emergent philosophers have also borrowed heavily from the insights that were initially put forth … Read More “Was Geoffrey Chaucer Machiavellian”
Allegory of the Cave and Slaughterhouse Five
However, this time, Socrates does not want to go from his cave (literal, not metaphorical) to the light: he sees the light in the literal cave. In Phaedo, Socrates speaks … Read More “Allegory of the Cave and Slaughterhouse Five”
Reflection Paper (History 2)
Teacher Reflection Fifteen years from now I would remember the lesson that the democracy and freedom people enjoy today were a result of sacrifices of men and women in history. … Read More “Reflection Paper (History 2)”
What are the implications of a recovery model for mental health services and for service users/survivors
So the mental health recovery may take more time compared to a physical problem. Unlike other physical health recovery model, mental health recovery model never offers complete recovery from the … Read More “What are the implications of a recovery model for mental health services and for service users/survivors”
Discuss healthcare systems organizational structure financing mission vision philosophy and values
From a larger perspective, the overall philosophy and the values of a healthcare system is based upon supporting the overall social process wherein it integrates into the overall framework of … Read More “Discuss healthcare systems organizational structure financing mission vision philosophy and values”
Women Expatriates
Women Expatriates Women Expatriates Question An expatriate is defined as an individual who is a noncitizen in the country wherehe or she is assigned to work (Ismail amp. Tahir, 2007). … Read More “Women Expatriates”
Compare ketogenic diet the Zone Diet and the Atkins Diet Compare and evaluate each in light of known science and practical experience
DIETS Ketogenic Diet A ketogenic diet is used medically as a treatment for children with epilepsy. It is not a diet in the sense that it is a marketed product … Read More “Compare ketogenic diet the Zone Diet and the Atkins Diet Compare and evaluate each in light of known science and practical experience”
Individual Personal Reflection Paper
Individual Personal Reflection Individual Personal Reflection Critical thinking refers to the skillful and active process of conceptualization, application, and analysis of information that leads to a certain course of action … Read More “Individual Personal Reflection Paper”
2Nd year University Bachelor in Business Administration Humanities Class
In his turn, Karl Popper assumed that science began with a conjecture, on the basis of which scientific data had to be explained and understood. Copernican revolution and the displacement … Read More “2Nd year University Bachelor in Business Administration Humanities Class”
Come up with a topic for me
The truth is yet to be established. According to Sartre’s philosophy of Existentialism, each individual in any nation seems to the freedom and right to choose a leader of preference … Read More “Come up with a topic for me”
Community Engagement
Running head: community engagement 19th June UK shale gas companies engage themselves strongly in the matters relating to the communities. By depicting themselves as part of the communities, companies such … Read More “Community Engagement”
The War’s Ethical Nature According to Utilitarian Ethics
According to Utilitarian ethics, morality and ethical behavior are defined solely by how effective it is in making people happy or in benefiting themin some way. One popular way of … Read More “The War’s Ethical Nature According to Utilitarian Ethics”
Who would you rather study with Aristotle or Plato
Aristotle on the other hand believed in logical reasoning. He is credited with laying the foundation of the use of logic as a basis for study and scientific thought. Thus, … Read More “Who would you rather study with Aristotle or Plato”
Socail Walfare
Social Welfare My personal philosophy on the relationship between the individual and society suggests that it should be a mutually beneficial relationship. Every individual is capable of benefiting the society … Read More “Socail Walfare”
Intro to film
Intro to film What are the three distinguishing elements of Neorealism as seen in DeSicas Bicycle Thieves? Neorealism is a movement that involves creation of films using low class people. … Read More “Intro to film”
Politeness in Discourse Analysis
nbsp. Due to its expansive scope, politeness has been a subject of interest to academics in various disciplines, including linguistics, cognitive psychology, social psychology, philosophy, communication, and others (Chimombo amp. … Read More “Politeness in Discourse Analysis”
Traditional Views of Nature
An example of traditional religion that shows great reverence to nature would be Shintoism. Shintoism is a religious form of nature worship that originated from Japan. The fundamental belief of … Read More “Traditional Views of Nature”
Costs Benefits and Risks of MerloniS Current Distribution System
Each supply-chain risk to forecasts, information systems, intellectual property, procurement, inventory, and capacity has its own drivers and effective mitigation strategies. To avoid lost sales, increased costs or both, managers … Read More “Costs Benefits and Risks of MerloniS Current Distribution System”
The History of Economic Ideas and the Political Philosophy
5750 According to Richard Elmore (2002), internal accountability [or responsibility]…is a precondition for any process of improvement (p. 20). Therefore an endeavor has been made to highlight the main points … Read More “The History of Economic Ideas and the Political Philosophy”
Individual Project 4
In one particular case, a military service captain exploited his authority and position as a reservist to secure government contracts for some private sector companies, which he was affiliated to. … Read More “Individual Project 4”
Descartes and Elisabeth
Descartes and Elisabeth The correspondence between Princess Elisabeth of Bohemia and Rene Descartes yielded a total of fifty eight letters. The letters provide a chance for any individual interested in … Read More “Descartes and Elisabeth”
Evaluation argument
Critical evaluation of Scarface Scarface, a Brian De Palma’s up a 1930s ical film originally done by Howard Hawks, is regarded as among the most provocative and classy yet serious … Read More “Evaluation argument”
Person’s Prior Experiences And Formulating Ideas
Person’s Prior Experiences And Formulating IdeasIn David Hume’s An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding, he discusses our impressions that are based off of our emotions and senses and discusses that ideas … Read More “Person’s Prior Experiences And Formulating Ideas”
What is philosophy
Philosophy The Greeks regarded the use of the word philosophy for affection as well as knowledge (Allen 145). But in the 21st century the term philosophy is used quite differently … Read More “What is philosophy”
John Steinbeck’s novel Cannery Row
750 The novel explains the grassroots realities of life, in its positive and negative aspects, its glory and meanness and the Doc’s character is penned by the author to highlight … Read More “John Steinbeck’s novel Cannery Row”
Socrates on the Soul In Phaedo 86a-d Simmias puts forward an argument that the soul is a sort of harmony. In this way Simmias believes that just as harmony is … Read More ”
How did Ptolemy I come to adopt the title of king after Alexander the Great’s death How did he come to adopt the title of ‘Soter’ meaning Saviour What controversial evidence surrounds these events
Though Ptolemy became known to history initially as the friend, confidant, and later general of Alexander and later as his predecessor, there was no indication from any historical accounts that … Read More “How did Ptolemy I come to adopt the title of king after Alexander the Great’s death How did he come to adopt the title of ‘Soter’ meaning Saviour What controversial evidence surrounds these events”
Free Will Unit4 DB
Philosophy Free Will Unit4 DB I think genetics play a larger role in shaping the human personality and behavioral traits. The variation in behavioral traits throughout the population is partly … Read More “Free Will Unit4 DB”
The History of Communication in the Acient World
1000 The invention of writing is assumed to have taken place as part of the commercial activities here, and the clay tablets of Mesopotamia show that trade by river and … Read More “The History of Communication in the Acient World”
Is it ever right to do what is wrong
500 Is it Ever Right to do what is Wrong? There are at times when an ethical dilemma arises regarding the justification of some actions or decisions, specifically an ethical … Read More “Is it ever right to do what is wrong”
Bhagavad Gita or The Divine Song
A majority of the sacred texts or scriptures have been composed in the Sanskrit language and are commonly classified into two classes, Sruti and Smriti. Sruti means that which has … Read More “Bhagavad Gita or The Divine Song”
SPORTS COACHING DEVELOPMENTS
Sports Coaching Developments Sports Coaching Developments Practice makes perfect (Kidman and Hanrahan, 2001). A sports coach simply defined is an individual who instructs athletes in a particular sport on how … Read More “SPORTS COACHING DEVELOPMENTS”
A Good Tax System for an Open Economy
2500 Relating to household saving, populaces save when the sum of money they desire to consume is dissimilar from the income they obtain. For example, some people may find expenditure … Read More “A Good Tax System for an Open Economy”
Ideas on how to build ALO organisation
Ideas on how to build ALO organization In order for ALO to successfully build their organization as well as attract new it has to put in place appropriate measures that … Read More “Ideas on how to build ALO organisation”
Taking Sides Issue 10 Does Blowing the Whistle Violate Company Loyalty YES Sissela Bok from Whisteblowing and Professional Responsibility New York University Education Quarterly (Summer 1980) Explain why you side with this viewpoint
e Taking Sides Issue 10 al Affiliation Taking Sides Issue 10 First and foremost, whistleblowing was explicitly defined as a case in which a member or employee of an organization … Read More “Taking Sides Issue 10 Does Blowing the Whistle Violate Company Loyalty YES Sissela Bok from Whisteblowing and Professional Responsibility New York University Education Quarterly (Summer 1980) Explain why you side with this viewpoint”
Humanism and Christian beliefs in the fifteenth century
Explain the impact of humanism on Christian beliefs in the fifteenth century: Humanism is a school of thought in philosophy that is based upon established and emerging facts about human … Read More “Humanism and Christian beliefs in the fifteenth century”
TWO CASE BRIEFS
Isador Cohen after leading the company for the short aspect of time passed succession to his son Bob who was sufficiently talented to earn the primary name of the family-owned … Read More “TWO CASE BRIEFS”
Snow Flower and the Secret Fan
Insert Insert of the supervisor Insert of the Insert assignment is due Snow Flower and the Secret Fan Having earneda pacific American and Asian honorable Snow flower and the secret … Read More “Snow Flower and the Secret Fan”
The Atomists
250 Your full September 17, Atomism Here, we discuss three very important issues in atomism that will become perennial in philosophy. (1) There is distinction between appearances and reality. Atoms, … Read More “The Atomists”
Trolley Problem and moral theory which best resolves it
Trolley Problem and Moral Theory which Best Resolves itIn this essay, I will examine which moral theory best resolves the original Trolley Problem, as well as the version of the … Read More “Trolley Problem and moral theory which best resolves it”
Kiva as a NonProfit Organization
KivaSince Kiva is a non-profit organization. the mission of the company is to eliminate poverty from different countries and for this purpose, the company provides loan to those people wanting … Read More “Kiva as a NonProfit Organization”
Executive Summary Memo
Executive Summary Report Executive Summary Report New Sales and Marketing Manager 12/12/214 [Olympia Bakery] Olympia Bakery is a dessert bakery company located in Kismet city, Michigan. We are described as … Read More “Executive Summary Memo”
2 What differentiates Western Marxism from orthodox Marxism
Marxism holds that social relationships derive from production of primary means of people’s existence such as food, clothing, and shelter. Apart from the production, distribution, and exchange of means of … Read More “2 What differentiates Western Marxism from orthodox Marxism”
Nursing Philosophy
My Philosophy of Nursing In my view, nursing is both an art and science that is dedicated to responding to the human condition. I am opposed to the view that … Read More “Nursing Philosophy”
Citizen Journalism compared to Professional Journalism
Citizen Journalism compared to Professional Journalism Citizen Journalism is now a days very common. The news channels have reports filed in from different correspondents and reporters who do not actually … Read More “Citizen Journalism compared to Professional Journalism”
Employment Resourcing
It is one of the most prestigious awards in the hospitality industry and was awarded to the Taj Group in 2002 for the best practices in employment resourcing found in … Read More “Employment Resourcing”
Compare and Contrast 2 Quality Management Theories
1000 The basic contention behind the implementation of either Six Sigma or lean techniques is to increase the output from existing processes and methods. It must be taken to note … Read More “Compare and Contrast 2 Quality Management Theories”
Paper on Personal Values and Ethical Standards
The paper will discuss issues in Human Service Profession as they relate to the code of ethics. Such issues include the legal definition of insanity and human differences. Ethics and … Read More “Paper on Personal Values and Ethical Standards”
Whole Foods financial recommendation for the next 2 years
WHOLE FOODS MARKET Whole Foods Market Whole Foods Market is considered to be one of the leading stores that provide natural and organic foods. The company is globally recognised because … Read More “Whole Foods financial recommendation for the next 2 years”
Of a Philosophical Argument About How Science
Case study The basis of scientific method is making accurate observations. If a given premise, on how nature works survives the various tests it is put into by competent observers, … Read More “Of a Philosophical Argument About How Science”
Existing in the Novel Nausea by JeanPaul Sartre
Existing in the Novel Nausea Existence and Essence The phrase that existence precedes essence reverses the philosophy that most of the philosophers have had in relation to this subject matter. … Read More “Existing in the Novel Nausea by JeanPaul Sartre”
Detail the Renaissance and Baroque Periods of Art in Europe
The term renaissance stands for rebirth. it describes a period in history when the classical values of Greece and Rome were reborn. According to Aigret amp. Kloss (2005), renaissance art … Read More “Detail the Renaissance and Baroque Periods of Art in Europe”
Christlogical review of the movies Jesus Christ Superstar and Godspell
In this book it was described how the Christian church dares appeal to a Jesus who never existed, to a mandate he never issued, and to a claim that he … Read More “Christlogical review of the movies Jesus Christ Superstar and Godspell”
Hitler’s statements
3. The young will no longer be taught anything but the truth. This quotation is definitely agreeable although it might raise certain questions unto what certain things does it pertain … Read More “Hitler’s statements”
Customer Relationship Management Program
Customer Relationship Management ProgramINTRODUCTION:In today’s competitive world, organizations have changed from being product focused to customer focused. Success or failure of any organization is directly dependent on the satisfaction level … Read More “Customer Relationship Management Program”
ANDRAGOGY
Applying Andragogy in Multi-Disciplined Learning and Teaching The article chosen for review is, Applying Andragogy in Multi-Disciplined Learning and Teaching (Chan 25). It is written by Sang Chan in the … Read More “ANDRAGOGY”
Describe the first ancient civilization of the Mesopotamia Why was this region so heavily populated compared to other areas of the world What type of religion did they have Did religious teaching influence daily life Did the civilizations that fol
Client’s 23 January Mesopotamian civilization is one of the oldest civilizations. Mesopotamians were very progressive and took appropriate steps to make significant progress. They placed special emphasis on education and … Read More “Describe the first ancient civilization of the Mesopotamia Why was this region so heavily populated compared to other areas of the world What type of religion did they have Did religious teaching influence daily life Did the civilizations that fol”
Management Project Optimising the Patient experience in an Australian Haematology Oncology day centre
Other (s) The Process of Improving Patient Experience Australian Hematology/Oncology day centers basically provide specialized care to patients suffering from blood cancers such as leukemia, multiple myeloma, lymphoma as well … Read More “Management Project Optimising the Patient experience in an Australian Haematology Oncology day centre”
Muenster Pump
Muenster Pump Case Analysis Muenster Pump Case Analysis MAJOR FACTS: The Muenster Pump Company is in the business of agricultural pumps. The company is known in the market for manufacturing … Read More “Muenster Pump”
Paper about Atheism
It could be that they think in the tangible sense that anything that exists must be able to be proven. Many highly intellectual people need proof and evidence of something … Read More “Paper about Atheism”
What is the American Dream and is it still alive today
What is the American dream and is it still alive today essay examines the American dream with a focus on whether people have abandoned the dream to pursue their personal … Read More “What is the American Dream and is it still alive today”
Goose Island Company (Brief discriotion of the organization)
Goose Island Company Goose island Brewery is located in Chacago, Illinois. It was initially known as Clybourn and was opened by John Hall in May 1988. However, the larger brewery … Read More “Goose Island Company (Brief discriotion of the organization)”
Philosophy of education timeline analysis
I will carry this theme further in my essay and will trace its origins and development. The later part of the essay will explore the role naturalism plays in the … Read More “Philosophy of education timeline analysis”
Achieving Personal Autonomy through Education
The concept of personal autonomy traces its roots to the ancient Greek philosophy of Plato and Aristotle. Both men proposed that the rational part of the soul is its most … Read More “Achieving Personal Autonomy through Education”
Given the opposing responses following the Lisbon earthquake could reason and religion have been reconciled Cite at least two primary sources about the quake from the Evidence section in Discovering the Western Past
The appalling disaster brought by Lisbon Earthquake, however, further trembled intellectual notions of men, challenging the philosophical content of the prevailing science and religion to be taken into a much … Read More “Given the opposing responses following the Lisbon earthquake could reason and religion have been reconciled Cite at least two primary sources about the quake from the Evidence section in Discovering the Western Past”
Egyptomania
EGYPTOMANIAEgyptomania was the time Europeans developed renewed interest in ancient Egypt after intensive research of ancient Egypt’s culture and history. Ancient Egypt has a certain fascination with other cultures, and … Read More “Egyptomania”
Four questions
IMC is meant to maintain a proper and coherent communication relation as one of the most important basic principles of IMC is to ensure ‘consistency’ in messages being communicated. IMC … Read More “Four questions”
Toyota Motor Manufacturing and its Problems
In terms of purchasing, the seat made up the highest expenses of all purchased parts. The fabric made up almost half of its $740 cost (Mishina amp. Takeda, 2015). As … Read More “Toyota Motor Manufacturing and its Problems”
Principle and Philosophy of Design
While there is room for speculation, the entire field is considered relatively straight-forward. However, what does it mean when we enter into more subjective fields such as art or architecture? … Read More “Principle and Philosophy of Design”
What a Good Man Is According to Socrates
Plato ApologyTo get to the bottom of what a good man is according to Socrates, study of the early dialogues by Plato is important. According to Plato, this understanding revolves … Read More “What a Good Man Is According to Socrates”
Media Ethic personal statement
Media Ethics Personal ment When I first started out as a of Mass Media, I had no idea that Ethics played such an important role in the field of entertainment. … Read More “Media Ethic personal statement”
Tessellation Pattern
Tessellation Pattern My choice of the tessellated figure is based on Keith Haring’s creation of the ‘barking dog’. I personally look up to Haring (1958-1990) for being a modern artist … Read More “Tessellation Pattern”On January 3, 1889, in the throes of a manic episode, Friedrich Nietzsche left his lodgings in Turin, walked a short distance across a nearby square, and then halted. Seeing a horse being flogged by its owner, he threw himself towards the animal and embraced it. Breaking into tears, he slumped to the floor. He was almost arrested for disturbing the peace, but was rescued by his landlord and was taken back home and to bed. The remaining 11 years of his life were spent under care, and under the spell of profound madness.
So goes the story of Nietzsche’s collapse in Turin, at least as far as conventional wisdom has it. The above is a fairly uncontroversial telling of the episode, which is generally considered an important one within his intellectual history: it marks a definitive moment, between great philosopher and broken mind. Biographers and historians tend to place particular emphasis on the role of the horse; it appears in nearly all scholarly tellings of Nietzsche’s life, and surfaces and resurfaces across literature such as narrator’s anecdotes in Milan Kundera’s Unbearable Lightness of Being. The episode also inspired a 2011 film, The Turin Horse. Strange, then, that there is actually very little evidence that there ever was such a horse. And stranger still that the episode seems to have been torn from the pages of a writer revered by Nietzsche: Fyodor Dostoevsky.
The passage in question occurs early on in Dostoevsky’s great work Crime and Punishment. Raskolnikov, who will imminently butcher two old ladies with an axe, is anxiously laid up in bed. In a scene that foreshadows the guilt-ridden and hallucinatory fits that will plague him after the murder takes place, he falls into a disturbing dream. Raskolnikov sees himself as a young boy, walking through a provincial town with his father. Outside a pub, a drunken rabble surrounds a weary old horse, hitched to a weighty cartload that it cannot possibly pull. To the delight of the cheering mob, the horse is beaten by its owner (“so brutally, so brutally, sometimes even across the eyes and muzzle”). Men climb into the cart to weigh it down further, and the owner continues to whip and to shout “Gee-up!” When someone speaks up against the violence, he merely yells “My property, my property!”
Raskolnikov, in the voice of a child, pleads with the men to stop. Crying, he runs forward and looks the horse directly in the eye, and in doing so, is caught by a lash from the whip. As the cruelty escalates and the horse collapses, it becomes clear that it will die. Raskolnikov throws his arms around the bloodied muzzle and kisses it around the eyes, calling in vain for the barbarism to stop. His father scoops him up and drags him away from the horse, against his will, and suddenly Raskolnikov awakes, cold and sweating. He understands the significance of the dream, and understands that he himself was at once the child, the flogged horse, and the man with the whip. Nevertheless, he rises, dresses, and prepares to commit murder.
The horse episode held special significance for Dostoevsky, originating, as it did, in his own life experiences. In his diaries, under an entry relating to the “Russian Society for the Protection of Animals,” Dostoevsky offers an illustration of the manner in which our relation to animals reflects our ethical relation to other humans. He recalls that at age 15, he, his father, and his brother were journeying on the road when they saw a man in military uniform, having freshly swallowed down a glass of vodka, return to a cab and immediately and senselessly set about beating his driver around the back of the head. The cabbie, in turn, mercilessly begins to flog his horses with a “terrible fist”: “the coachman, who could barely hold on because of the blows, kept lashing the horses every second like one gone mad; and at last his blows made the horses fly off as if possessed.” The young Dostoevsky’s own cabbie, shaking his head at the scene, tells him that this was quite usual, and that “the lad, perhaps, that very day will beat his young wife: ‘At least I’ll take it out on you.’” Dostoevsky serves this up as a stark example of how violence breeds violence, and injustice breeds injustice. The horse story is, for him, “something that very graphically demonstrated the link between a cause and its effect. Every blow that rained down on the animal was the direct result of every blow that fell on the man.”
Throughout the 1866 composition of Crime and Punishment, the horse story was always intended to serve as part of Raskolnikov’s intellectual development; indeed, in Dostoevsky’s notebooks of the period, he attempts to find a place for the horse story no less than six times in the structure of the novel. By the writing of the novel, when Dostoevsky was 44 years old, he came to view the story as a formative memory: “My first personal insult, the horse, the courier.” Fittingly, then, a similar episode resurfaces in Dostoevsky’s final novel The Brothers Karamazov, in the chapter “Rebellion.” In that work, a story is told of a horse that cannot pull its cartload; the owner “beats it, beats it savagely, beats it at last not knowing what he is doing in the intoxication of cruelty, thrashes it mercilessly over and over again.” We are told that the story is “peculiarly Russian.” Surprisingly, we also discover that these words are adapted from “lines from Nekrasov” — a reference to the poem “O pogode” (“About the Weather”) by Nikolai Nekrasov, in which a “hideously lean” horse is beaten to death in front of a laughing mob.
Nekrasov’s poem was composed after Crime and Punishment — therefore Dostoevsky’s own horse seems real enough, even though he would later draw on another writer’s image of a beaten animal. But was Nietzsche’s horse not also Dostoevsky’s? Nietzsche was 44 years old in when he suffered a collapse in Turin — coincidentally the same age as Dostoevsky had been when he wrote Crime and Punishment. He had been living a transitory existence for some years, having all but excluded himself from positions at German universities due to his irreligious thought and his provocative writings. In Turin his hosts were the Fino family, and in their house, in the extraordinarily productive year leading up to the famous incident with a horse, Nietzsche wrote what are remembered as some of his greatest works. But the year was also marked by his increasingly erratic behavior; he would sing and play for hours at a piano, often tunelessly; he would, allegedly, dance boisterously in the nude around his room; the Finos even discovered torn and discarded money in his waste-paper basket. In the view of his landlord, the professor was showing worrying signs of mental decline.
The truth is we know very little about what occurred on that fateful January day in 1889. Undoubtedly Nietzsche was found in the street, and there are multiple firsthand accounts that detail Nietzsche’s subsequent mental decline and his spell in a mental asylum shortly after. But there is only a single source that brings a horse into the picture. It comes from an interview with the landlord, conducted by an anonymous journalist after Nietzsche’s death in 1900 — 11 years after his walk through Turin. The report reads:
One day when Mr. Fino was walking along the nearby Via Po — one of the main streets of Turin — he saw a group of people drawing near and in their midst were two municipal guards accompanying “the professor.” As soon as Nietzsche saw Fino he threw himself into his arms, and Fino easily obtained his release from the guards, who said that they found that foreigner outside the university gates, clinging tightly to the neck of a horse and refusing to let it go.
The story of the Turin horse was thus told 11 years after the event it purports to describe, by an unnamed reporter, who recounts a version of events spoken to Nietzsche’s landlord by an equally nameless police officer. The narrative is thirdhand hearsay in its sole original form.
None of this, of course, has stopped the story being told. Here is a selection of excerpts from five of the more well-known accounts of Nietzsche’s life:
“On 3 January 1889 or thereabouts he tearfully embraced a mistreated nag in the street.”
“With a cry he flung himself across the square and threw his arms about the animal’s neck. Then he lost consciousness and slid to the ground, still clasping the tormented horse.”
“Nietzsche threw his arms around the horse’s neck, tears streaming from his eyes, and then collapsed onto the ground.”
“As Nietzsche fell on the pavement, he threw his arms around the neck of a mare that had just been flogged by a coachman.”
“Nietzsche had just left his lodgings when he saw a cab-driver beating a horse in the Piazza Carlo Alberto. Tearfully, the philosopher flung his arms around the animal’s neck, and then collapsed.”
Given the circumstances, it is easy to imagine that Nietzsche may well have been weeping — thus the addition of his tears to many of the versions seems broadly permissible. But note that there is no coachman whatsoever in Fino’s version of events, and that the very suggestion that the horse might have been suffering at the hands of anyone has trickled into the narrative during its retelling. (Fino doesn’t actually mention a collapse either, but letters circulating amongst Nietzsche’s friends at the time make it clear that a fall took place.) The central image of his life that has proven so tenacious, that of the weeping Nietzsche embracing a horse, is perhaps the most difficult to prove.
There are several reasons why this story might have become so ingrained in the popular understanding of Nietzsche. For one, he provides his own links between his pre-madness biography and the works of Dostoevsky. Less than a year before the incident, he wrote, in Twilight of the Idols, that Dostoevsky was “the only psychologist, incidentally, from whom I had something to learn.” The lesson Nietzsche took from Dostoevsky was that criminals represent strong minds under sickness — he must surely have been thinking of Raskolnikov in Crime and Punishment. And around the same time, Nietzsche was having his own dreams of horses. He details one in a letter of 1888: “winter landscape. An old coachman with an expression of the most brutal cynicism, harder than the surrounding winter, urinates on his horse. The horse, poor, ravaged creature, looks around, thankful, very thankful.” Nietzsche tells his correspondent that the repulsive dream nearly stirred him to tears. Perhaps Nietzsche did have horses on his mind when he stepped into the square on that January morning, and was drawn by some impulse towards one. Perhaps the sight of a horse being flogged really did raise in him the image of Dostoevsky’s pitiful nag, and he felt a peculiar compulsion to complete the scene. Or maybe it is Nietzsche’s students and scholars who have flooded the gaps in Fino’s account, and found literature in the life of the philosopher.
This is an idea that is especially tantalizing. It has been convincingly argued that Nietzsche’s works amount to a philosophy of aestheticism — that he commands us to live life as one would write literature. He writes, for instance, in The Gay Science, that “One thing is needful. — To ‘give style’ to one’s character — a great and rare art!” If Nietzsche advises, above all, that we should cultivate our lives and our selves as we would create a work of art, what might it mean for his own life to so neatly replicate a literary work? And how interesting, for philosophers, that this particular act of mimesis marked his departure from sanity. In 1888 he had written Ecce Homo, a philosophical work resembling biography, subtitled “How One Becomes What One Is.” Might it be that, in embracing a horse in the manner of Raskolnikov, he was writing one last chapter to his life and work?
There is also the fact of the symbolic potency of the horse. For Dostoevsky, in Crime and Punishment and The Brothers Karamazov, as well as in some of his own life experiences, the horses represented the shallows of human cruelty, but also the depths of empathy. (I am reminded of lines from William Blake’s “Auguries of Innocence”: “A Horse misused upon the Road / Calls to Heaven for Human blood”.) If you are capable of loving, and of feeling and sharing the pain of a creature as pitiful as a horse, then surely only love for mankind can follow. It might be tempting to over-emphasize the role of Nietzsche’s horse in his life precisely because we feel forced to read it as a focal point of compassion. Nietzsche, who directed his philosophy against Schopenhauer’s conceptions of pity and empathy, would appear to be bearing witness to the cracks in his own reasoning if he himself, in a moment of radical pathos, is brought trembling and weeping to his knees by a beaten nag. (It is hard to say whether it helps or hinders the thesis of compassion that Nietzsche, in his final years of madness, was supposed to have unendingly repeated a few terse phrases, including “I do not like horses.”) It is tantalizing for his readers to imagine that, by embracing a horse, he was ending his career as a philosopher and writer as a spectacular failure — he was confessing, not in words but in action, that we cannot slip so easily out of the confines of compassion. “Human,” he might say; “All too human.”
Milan Kundera, in a late chapter of The Unbearable Lightness of Being, seems to opt for this interpretation of the episode when he writes that “Nietzsche was trying to apologize to the horse for Descartes.” Where the philosopher René Descartes claimed that animals are effectively soulless machines, existing only for the use and benefit of mankind, Nietzsche, thinks Kundera, came to re-soul the horse — to see in it affinity with his own being. Nietzsche’s readers who share this view seem to want to believe he threw his arms around that horse, in part because it can be seen as a final flourish to complete his life’s writings (and the writing of his life), but in part because it seems so fatally to contradict large areas of his thought. True or not, it is now part of how we understand his life, and it is now a rock, easily thrown by his critics, which might knock down those structures of his thinking we find might less palatable today. Certainly, anyone tempted to interpret the story of the Turin horse as a story about understanding others will find fuel in lines Nietzsche had written that same year, about another overburdened equine: “Can an ass be tragic? — Perishing under a load you can neither bear nor shed?…The case of the philosopher.” The ass and the philosopher, united in their failure to bear a load — the unbearable heaviness of being.Sen. Johnson: Rittenhouse trial embodies ‘vast divide’ in this nation
Wisconsin Republican weighs in on the ‘bizarre’ murder trial manipulated by the media.
The Kyle Rittenhouse trial lives on another day as the jury extends deliberations and Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisc., described how the media’s split take on the case draws attention to current division in America on “Fox News Primetime.”
“What this trial has just highlighted is this vast divide in this nation,” he said. “President Biden in his inauguration speech said his primary goal was to unify and heal this nation. He has not accomplished that goal. I wish he would have.”
Johnson described the Rittenhouse trial as “bizarre in so many ways,” including the discrepancies between media coverage.
“You watch the coverage, for example, on Fox vs. the coverages on CNN and MSNBC, it’s like two totally different trials,” he said. “How can people take a look at the same reality and come away with such different versions of it?”)
The Wisconsin Republican shared his concern for jury intimidation after an MSNBC reporter was banned from trial re-entry for reportedly following their bus and as protesters continue rowdy behavior outside the courtroom.
“This is not the way our justice system ought to work,” he said. “Judges shouldn’t be threatened. Juries shouldn’t be threatened. There shouldn’t be intimidation.”
“Could you blame them if they feel intimidated?” he asked. “They’re going to take the extra time and maybe factor that intimidation, those potential threats, in their decision? That’s what concerns me.”
- Image 1 of 2
Kenosha Police arrest Shaquita Cornelious, 34, who is in favor of conviction in front of the Kenosha County Courthouse while the jury deliberates the Kyle Rittenhouse trial on November 17, 2021 in Kenosha, Wisconsin. Photo by Nathan Howard/Getty Images
- Image 2 of 2
Demonstrators with opposing views get into a skirmish outside of the Kenosha County Courthouse as the jury deliberates for a second day in the trial of Kyle Rittenhouse on November 17, 2021 in Kenosha, Wisconsin. (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images)
Meanwhile, Johnson argued that the case should’ve never happened in the first place if it weren’t for Gov. Tony Evers and Lt. Gov. Mandela Barnes “inciting” riots last summer.
“They’ve been completely irresponsible,” he said. “We never should’ve had the riots, not multiple nights of them, had they acted responsibly back in 2020.”
Source: Read Full ArticleReportEmbed
Sexual Amateur Babe From Yanks Kinzie Kenner Cums
Related Videos
6:39Yanks Amateur Redhead Penny Lay Masturbates95% Like3 years ago 6:39Amateur Girl From Yanks Renee Masturbating And Squirting74% Like2 years ago 6:03Amateur Asian MILF Lucky Masturbating Hairy Twat100% Like2 years ago 17:14Horny Teen Slut Sucks Fucks And Swallows90% 16:29Isabella Stanza wants to go from being a slut to a streetwalker91% Like3 years ago 18:29She Takes Two Massive Cocks In One Pussy On the Kitchen Floor84% Like3 years agoRepeating the past
In August of 2008, I wrote of Radar, a sweet black Boxer mix with white markings that I grew quite fond of, the tale was entitled This ones for me. He was such a handsome and loving dog, I was sure hed be adopted. Two weeks later, I wrote, Radar, the one that got away because Radar did get adopted off the internet and wound up in New Jersey.
I ,of course (tongue in cheek) lamented that one of my kids wound up so far away. Truth be told, many photos and little tales of Radar have been sent my way via Erin, his new owner and he is in a healthy, happy and loving home.
Enter Helena. Helena is a three year old Boxer Amstaff mix who, without a doubt, is mostly Boxer ala Radar.
One look at her and she immediately reminded me of the one I lost (again tongue in cheek) My God, I said, shes a female Radar. The last time this happened was the stories of John and Jeremiah, the black Great Danes.
Helena was brought to F.H.S. on September 25, nursing seven very tiny pups. She was a little thin, but knew what her job was. On September 29, her and her pups were fostered by Kelly Vinesett who lives nearby the shelter. Kelly marveled about her sweetness and what a good mother she was. One by one her pups were weaned and sent off to rescue and by the end of November, Helena was alone and was sent off to be spayed.
Helena is a little shy and not quite as outgoing as Radar was, but I havent any doubt that will change in a good loving home.
We know shes a loyal and loving girl, witness the care of her pups and under adverse circumstances. We know she has a sweet disposition, just ask Kelly or myself, biased though we may be, fact is fact.
I have only one fear, Erin might see Helena on the internet also and then Ill have to write another follow up article, The two that got away and I just may be doing it from New Jersey.
Seriously, ask about Helena and if you decide to change her name, I recommend Jewel, she is a gem.
Thanks for listening.~ Special Cases written by Leonard Rizzo
Room at the inn
I begin this tale with a totally unrelated matter, but youll see upon conclusion its purpose. Tim and Allyn Johnson... read moreA passenger tried to board a plane with a gun and ammunition at Orlando International Airport on Tuesday morning, causing a long backup at checkpoints during the post-Christmas travel rush.
The passenger had a carry-on bag containing a Ruger with a separate magazine loaded with 10 rounds of .22-caliber ammunition, said Transportation Security Administration spokeswoman Sari Koshetz.
The passenger, who was not identified, possesses a valid Florida concealed weapons license, but will be charged with carrying a concealed firearm in a place prohibited by law, said Orlando police spokeswoman Michelle Guido.
It was the 91st weapon intercepted by TSA officers at Orlando’s airport this year, Koshetz said, adding that it marks a “disturbing and dangerous pattern” across Florida and the rest of the nation.
“Most of the guns our officers intercept are loaded,” Koshetz said. “You see the way many passengers fling their carry-on bags onto the X-ray belts in the checkpoints. An accidental discharge could have tragic results.”
Koshetz said passengers who bring a gun to a security checkpoint face civil penalties from TSA of up to $13,000, even if they aren’t arrested.
The agency has seen a rise in the number of guns brought to checkpoints across the state over the past five years, according to a recent TSA report. So far this year, 505 weapons have been found at checkpoints at the state’s largest airports. The largest numbers have come from five of the state’s largest airports: Tampa International, Orlando International, Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International, Miami International and Jacksonville International. Tampa International tops the list with 97 guns, followed by Orlando at 91. Agents intercepted 72 guns at Fort Lauderdale’s airport, 52 at Miami’s airport and 39 at Jacksonville’s airport.
In 2016, 3,391 firearms were discovered in carry-on luggage at 238 of the nation’s airports in 2016, an increase of 28 percent over 2015, the report shows. Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport topped the list with 198 incidents, followed by Dallas Fort Worth International Airport at 128. The Tampa and Orlando airports had 79 and 86, respectively, putting them on the TSA’s top 10 list for firearms discoveries at checkpoints.
The total numbers haven’t been tallied for 2017.
In addition to firearms, TSA agents also intercept thousands of knives, brass knuckles and other hazardous materials at the checkpoints.
___
This story has been edited to correct that the gun was not loaded and to correct the spelling of TSA spokeswoman Sari Koshetz’s name.✅✅✅15 in his trousers. Where was the cabinet in relation to the window? Would Will get inside without disturbing anyone in the house? Lyra could hear her heart beating, too.✅
Warm evenings make for ideal walks along Miami’s most iconic promenade. Lit in electric pink and neon blue, the area’s Art Deco decadence never looks grander as when the sun has set.
Things to do in Miami
For a picturesque swim, head to Miami’s prettiest suburb Coral Gables. Built in the 1920s, the area was designed as part of the City Beautiful architectural movement. Among the tree-canopies and grand buildings is Venetian Pool (tel: +1 305 460 5306), a Mediterranean-style building surrounded by paradisiacal waterfalls and refreshing spring water pool.
For adults hoping that some of Miami’s neon signs lead to something a little sordid, seek out the World Erotic Art Museum (tel: +1 305 532 9336;). Boasting one of the globe’s most diverse collection of all things explicit, the museum is both eye-opening and educational. However, it is not family-friendly.
Located off the coast of Key Biscayne, Neptune Memorial Reef (+1 754 208 1203;) is the largest man-made reef in the world. Below the surface are stone roads, columns and decorative lions. Visitors can take a boat or dive to see the statues at this underwater mausoleum.
Once Miami’s warehouse district, the large windowless buildings of Wynwood (tel: +1 305 531 4411;) are now brick canvases revitalised by bright graffiti. Aside from the six main warehouses, the area brims with nearly 70 galleries and museums with walking tours available to guide visitors through the ever-changing landscape.
Do you have any Feedback about this page?
© 2021 Columbus Travel Media Ltd. All rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced without our written permission, click here for information on Columbus Content Solutions.January 29, 2020
by Andrea Holmes 01/29/2020 for certified home improvements that promote responsible energy use. Contact your lender to see if your state participates in this federal program.
Ask your utility provider for an energy audit. Most utilities offer this as a free service to customers. They’ll check for leakage around doors and windows, outlets and vent pipes and make suggestions for improvement, repair or replacement.
Have your home inspector check your attic spaces. You'll gain knowledge about how deep your insulation should be to keep your house warm in the winter and cool in the summer.
Hire an HVAC professional to inspect your furnace and air conditioning, ductwork, and airflow. If your ducts need cleaning, employ a service to handle that. Not only will you have improved circulation, but you'll also reduce allergens, and lower your energy costs.
Trade out traditional toilets for low-flow models. Add aerators and flow restrictors to faucets and showerheads to reduce water consumption.
Install solar-operated power vents to your attic to expel heat in the summer. Consider a solar-powered water heater too. And, if your roof can handle it, install solar panels to boost your electrical power. Many states offer rebates for solar panel installation, so check to see what’s available in your area.
Install a programmable thermostat to help you conserve energy when you are away from home.
If you have a larger improvement budget, consider big-ticket items such as a geothermal heat pump, a residential wind turbine, or a fuel cell. You’ll find that on-going tax credits for these items can save you money over the years. If your municipal codes allow it, add a roof garden or mini-ecosystem to cover your existing roof. These systems retain moisture and insulate your home from heat or cold.
Your property specialist can help you determine which homes lend themselves to these upgrades. They'll introduce you to mortgage lenders that specialize in energy-efficient loan products.
Agent Website Tools Agent CRM
Website designed by Constellation1, a division of Constellation Web Solutions, Inc.The following letter was sent to the State of Connecticut Department of Transportation Monday, Jan. 23, from Smarter Planning for Ridgefield in response to plans to improve Main Street's traffic flow.
We, the undersigned, represent a variety of skills and interests, including architecture and landscape design. Three of us own businesses located on Main Street, one is a Main Street landlord, and others are long time volunteers for various town boards and non profit organizations. We have attended most of the meetings held by First Selectman Rudy Marconi pertaining to this project, including several meetings in which the DOT made presentations. 1080 1080 Chelsey Gatewood // Chelsey Gatewood2021-11-18 11:51:562021-11-18 12:11:06Regina Jennings is coming to JPL!
Regina Jennings is coming to JPL!
We are excited to announce an upcoming author’s visit!!
Regina Jennings, an award winning historical romance writer, is presenting and hosting a book signing Thursday, December 9, 2021 here at our very own Joplin Public Library.
Her presentation covers the life and legacy of Kate Warne–the first female Pinkerton agent, who also serves as the inspiration behind Regina’s book, Courting Misfortune. This book is the first of Jennings’ newest series, The Joplin Chronicles. The next book in the series (Proposing Mischief) comes out December 7th of this year. Naturally, the date of our author’s visit/book signing is no coincidence. To help her promote her book, we are organizing the event as follows:
–Kate Warne presentation – 6:00 PM in the Community Room
–Book signing – 7:00 PM in the main lobby
The event is free, no Library card is required! Library users may check out books by Ms. Jennings on:
hoopla and Libby/Overdrive/MoLib2Go or at the Library!Post-95 students from Zhejiang University run marathon New Year's Day and win three championships in three days, claiming to run as fun,free cricket betting tips olbg
In the next second, his eyes widened, "Merris's turn was just an inducement! He broke through the encirclement and even knocked Amini down. How did this happen?" free cricket betting tips olbg Of course, Atletico Madrid will not let them just pass by . They are in front of Real Madrid. It is not difficult to stop them.
NewNew changes and improvements are coming in the Discworld and it appears just like the real world until Terry Pratchett introduces the odd outcome of the changes. Dick Simnel a creative genius invents a steam engine and he wants to construct a rail route for the functioning of his invention. No doubt lot of investment is needed for the rail tracks but this thing is easily done when the lad meets Sir Harry King. Harry one of the millionaires of the town invests in the rail route and shows his eagerness in the new business.
However the track installation is not that easy because before everything they have to buy the land through which the track has to pass. Moist Von Lipwig is chosen for the job because he possesses the skill to negotiate with the locals on the issue of land purchase. When everything is done and settled more issues start rising out of nowhere.
Dwarfs of the land don’t want this new steam engine on their land and they start conspiring against it. Murders and things like riots start to emerge on the land and a political solution is demanded by all. In the absence of the king the people look forward to the Low king but his reality makes everyone feel awed.
After a lot of issues and fights the steam engine finally emerges as a success and is approved by the king which makes it a happy improvement in the Discworld. Just like Thief of Time and The Last Hero this one narrated by Stephen Briggs talk about change in the Discworld. But this change is a pleasant one rather we can call it an improvement. While in the previous two books the changes were negative and their results were disastrous.
tokybook.com Member Benefit
- Free 2000+ ebooks (download and online)
- You can see your watched audiobooks
- You can have your favorite audiobooks
Tokybook Audio Player
The Audio Player works best on Google Chrome (latest version)Select font Arial Times New Roman
Character spacing (Kerning): Standard Medium Large
Close panel Default settings
Документ /
Vladimir Putin held a meeting on the implementation of earlier approved measures to support the economy and the social sphere. Tatyana Golikova and Dmitry Chernyshenko, Deputy Prime Minister and Presidential Plenipotentiary Envoy to the Far Eastern Federal District Yury Trutnev, Presidential Aide Maxim Oreshkin, Minister of Labour and Social Protection Anton Kotyakov, Minister of Trade and Industry Denis Manturov, Minister of Healthcare Mikhail Murashko, Minister of Economic Development Maxim Reshetnikov, Finance Minister Anton Siluanov, Minister of Digital Development, Communications and Mass Media Maksut Shadayev, Central Bank Governor Elvira Nabiullina, presidential plenipotentiary envoys to federal districts, Head of the Federal Service for the Oversight of Consumer Protection and Welfare – Chief State Sanitary Physician of the Russian Federation Anna Popova, Head of the Federal Treasury Roman Artyukhin, Head of the Federal Taxation Service Daniil Yegorov, Head of the Executive Committee of the Russian Popular Front Mikhail Kuznetsov and the heads of 85 Russian regions.
* * *
President of Russia Vladimir Putin: Good afternoon, colleagues.
We agreed to return to monitoring the implementation of measures to support the citizens, the social sphere and the economy in general, at the beginning of this week. We are to evaluate the efforts taken at all levels; whether people and specific organisations are receiving prompt support and whether they are receiving it in full. First of all, I would like you to report on implementing the resolutions to provide additional aid to the medical workers who work at hospitals, outpatient clinics and ambulance services.
I would like to remind you that several consistent decisions were adopted regarding support for medical workers. Back in March, we made provisions for incentive payments. These incentives will be paid throughout the year based on the workload. We allocated 10.2 billion rubles for these purposes from the federal budget.
Later on, on April 15, special extra payments were introduced for working in hazardous conditions during April, May and June. These extra payments were provided for those who directly rendered aid to the novel coronavirus patients. Another 41.8 billion rubles were transferred from the federal budget to the regions for this purpose. Out of the total sum allocated for the said payments and benefits, which amounts to 52 billion rubles, the regions of the Russian Federation received 50.1 billion rubles, that is, almost everything. That said, as we agreed, regional payments and additional pay must be preserved as well.
All settlements with people for April were supposed to have been completed by May 15. However, to my knowledge, far from all those that were entitled to these payments received them. True, in the past two or three days, and even yesterday, the situation was changing in the right direction. I hope to hear your reports today.
Regrettably, in some regions people were paid sums that had nothing to do with what we discussed at our meetings. These sums were certainly different from those I gave instructions to pay to medical workers. In every region of the Federation and at each medical facility, and even for individual categories of medical workers, these payments were first calculated in different ways.
Let me add that on May 6 I signed an Executive Order on introducing mandatory national life and health insurance for medical workers. As we agreed, it was to be applied retroactively. In other words, all those that took part in countering the epidemic and were affected while performing their professional duties were supposed to receive lump sum insurance payments.
At the meeting on May 11, I instructed the Government and the Healthcare Ministry to coordinate the actions of the regions on federal benefits and insurance payments. I would like to ask the Healthcare Ministry and regional governors to report on whether all workers that are entitled to these benefits and payments have received them in full.
I am also instructing the Government, the Healthcare Ministry, the Labour Ministry and the regions of the Federation to monitor the allocation of all established payments.
Let me emphasise that absolutely everything must be transparent and clear: who receives the money and what for. All information on the acts that regulate these issues has been brought to the knowledge of people and explained in detail. A feedback system has also been set up, which is extremely important, and I would like to draw your attention to this.
Next. Online purchasing of prescription-free medicine is a sensitive and important matter for people, especially senior citizens. I signed the relevant Executive Order on March 17. To my mind, everything is proceeding not as quickly as one might have wished. Today, I would like to ask you to dwell on this matter in great detail and to report when Russian citizens will, at long last, receive an opportunity to order medicine online, when this matter will be logically resolved, and when the entire essential regulatory framework will be issued.
Here is another significant subject. On May 11, it was decided to stipulate a 10,000-ruble lump sum payment for all children aged 3 through 15. This measure became highly popular. As of May 18, parents have submitted 11 million applications requesting these lump sum payments via the Government Services website. To the best of my knowledge, their number has increased even more and covers almost 12 million children. Russian families are to receive payments for about 22 million children, and this support measure will apply to over 50 million people nationwide, if we use the 1.8 coefficient, and substantial extra federal-budget funding is stipulated for these purposes. Regardless of the current complicated conditions, we were able to allocate 197.2 billion rubles.
Besides, monthly 5,000-ruble payments for children under three applies to families with their first babies born between April 1, 2017 and December 31, 2019. In all, we will be able to support about five million children under three. Today, I would like to hear a progress report on these payments.
Please report what measures have been adopted for ensuring the uninterrupted operation of the Government Services website. I know that it has recently started functioning in an appropriate manner. Please report on this matter separately today. How many applications of citizens have been processed, and what new and more convenient services are to be launched?
Next. A number of decisions have been adopted to support the economy. At the first stage, these included delays of tax and insurance payments, a programme of easy-term interest-free wage credits, as we call them, direct government subsidies to pay wages for April and May.
An unprecedented decision to write off taxes and insurance payments for the second quarter of this year was approved as part of a new package of measures submitted on May 11. We have never done this. I will not go into any details as to why we did not do this, but this measure is needed in today’s extraordinary environment. It applies to the self-employed, small and medium-sized companies in hardest-hit sectors, and social non-profit organisations. Apart from this, the self-employed can reduce their 2020 insurance payments to the public extra-budgetary funds by one minimum monthly wage; self-employed individuals will be able to receive from the federal budget non-recurring support amounting to one minimum monthly wage to pay professional income tax. I repeat and will reiterate that they will be fully reimbursed for what they paid in these specific taxes in 2019. Please report today how many individuals and small and medium-sized businesses will be able to enjoy all these support measures and within what timeframes.
Let me also note the decision to grant organisations and the self-employed easy-term loans with an interest rate of 2 percent for the borrowers. This measure is designed to preserve jobs and enhance business stability. Banks should issue these loans as of June 1. I would like to hear how work is proceeding in this area.
In conclusion, let me remind you that I certainly expect the Working Group of the Council for Strategic Development and National Projects to make a detailed report on the implementation of all these measures intended to support individuals and the economy.
I would like to give the floor to Prime Minister Mikhail Mishustin, who will comment on the agenda. I would like to congratulate you, Mr Mishustin, on finally getting rid of this virus. The last few tests, as the doctors told me, were negative. Therefore, you can perform your duties in full measure, although you did carry out, despite this disease, practically all your work even before. Nevertheless, this is also an important event and I congratulate you on having taken the upper hand over this contagion
<…>
Vladimir Putin: Now a couple of issues that are not directly related to today’s topic. As I see in the documents, inflation is slowing down a bit and the ruble has begun to grow. I would like Mr Reshetnikov to comment on this. Ans Ms Nabiullina, could you please give us your assessment of these developments, and tell us what to expect in the near and mid-term.
Please, Mr Reshetnikov.
Minister of Economic Development Maxim Reshetnikov: Mr President,
Currently, the situation with prices and the consumer markets is fairly stable. The devaluation effect we were seeing has mostly stabilised now as well. These are not always good indicators, but the fact that there has been a certain decrease in demand (due to the quarantine measures), of course, had a noticeable anti-inflation effect.
We are, eventually, expecting that inflation will not exceed our forecast of 4 percent annual rate by the end of the year. The regular dynamics we see today confirm this.
Regarding the recovery of the economy, the latest numbers do show growth. Restrictions are being lifted, as we see in heavy industry, construction and agriculture. The restrictions have been lifted in key industries; we can see this in the growing consumption of electricity and transport.
As of today, our daily indicators have increased significantly. Previously, they were only about 67 percent of what we had before the crisis, and now they are 71–72 percent and growing. In other words, we can see that the economy is beginning to recover.
On the one hand, we can see that perhaps the depth of the depression will be less that we had thought, but of course, we will still have to get back to a path of full recovery. It will take time and the national plan Mr Mishustin spoke about; and the main goal we are working for is to return to growth as quickly as possible. All the measures we monitor, we assess from this point of view: the restoration of employment, people’s incomes and investment, because nothing will be possible without these, including the recovery of growth trends.
However, Mr President, I do not want to build too high an expectation here. It will certainly take time, and it will take effort. Going into detail, we are now completing a forecast report that will be presented to the Government of the Russian Federation tomorrow; we have forecast everything quarterly, including our estimates. But again, now we are synchronising it with the national plan, which we are also completing and will submit to the Government on Monday. We are working closely with the Central Bank under Mr Andrei Belousov.
Vladimir Putin: Fine. Thank you.
Ms Nabiullina, you have the floor, please.
Governor of the Central Bank Elvira Nabiullina: Thank you very much.
Mr President, colleagues,
Indeed, we could see an increase in prices of certain goods in March-April. This was due to the dynamics of the exchange rate and due to an increased demand for a number of products, primarily long-term storage items. Nevertheless, we see that in late April – early May, the pace of price growth is generally decreasing. This indicates a weakening of inflation factors, and we see that so-called disinflation factors will dominate in the short term.
At this point, inflation has stabilised somewhere around 3.1 percent per annum. And, very importantly, after some growth, inflation began to decline. All this gives us the opportunity to pursue a soft policy.
We have already reduced the key rate, and if the situation develops in accordance with our expectations, with our forecast, we have the capacity to further reduce the interest rate in order to maintain demand in the economy, especially as the restrictive measures are gradually lifted.
As for developments in the financial markets, the situation has remained stable in general. Ruble exchange rate volatility has decreased, and so have risk premiums on Russian financial assets. We can see this in yields on federal loan bonds; they have also decreased in our country. This is also very important, because federal loan bond yields also influence interest rates in the economy as a whole. And there are quite positive trends here.
Thank you.
Vladimir Putin: Colleagues,
Here is what I would like to say in closing. The current situation is absolutely unique for our country and the world alike. Nothing like this has ever happened in living memory. This affects all spheres of life, including personal lives, professional activities, the economy and everything else.
Therefore, the solutions that we are developing and offering to the country, the economy and the people in order to support them are also largely unique. We have never before done anything like what we are doing right now. We have never used such enormous resources to provide support, either. Thank goodness, we have them as a result of our previous financial and macroeconomic, as well as our economic policy, in general. To reiterate, these solutions are largely unparalleled.
There is nothing unusual about the fact that some setbacks occur when we put these decisions into practice. Here is what I would like to say in this connection. I would like to go back to what I have already mentioned. The feedback is extremely important in this regard. We must clearly understand what is happening to our decisions in real life. If we talk about supporting our people, or companies, or economic sectors, we must have a clear idea of how it is really working in real life. Once we have this feedback, we should be able to provide an instant response in order to ensure the unconditional implementation of our decisions, otherwise they will be worthless. What is the point of the work that we are doing then?
Therefore, I urge you to keep working precisely like that being fully aware of what is happening on the ground and responding to the ongoing developments. Again, setbacks are not something that is out of order. Most importantly, we must quickly respond, remedy the situation and see the solution to its logical end. This is my first point.
Secondly, let us not forget about the current work, including national projects. Clearly, for a number of objective reasons, some of our programmes – we have already discussed this and will do so in the future – may be postponed and, as they say, put on the back burner. We will not be able to implement them this year purely for objective reasons. It is imperative to be fully aware of what we are doing when we are making these decisions. But if we make them, we must know what we are going to do with the resources that will be freed up and not used this year. They need to be used properly in these circumstances and sent to where they are needed most.
Please look at the situation and our work from this perspective. We will get back to this soon.
Thank you for today's work. All the best to you all.
May 19, 2020, Novo-Ogaryovo, Moscow RegionEgyptian defender Karim Hafez led his team to achieve a big victory over its host Riza Spur team, with a clean quarter, in the meeting that brought the two teams together on Saturday night at the "Riza Sport" stadium, in the 38th round of the Turkish League for the current season 2020-2021.
Karim Hafez participated with the Malatya Sport team and succeeded in making his ninth goal this season in the Turkish league during the 31 matches he played, after making his team’s fourth goal against Riza Sport, in the first minute of time instead of lost for the match.
Malatya Sport ended the first half of the match with a double scored by Adam Buyuk from a penalty kick and Tinaj Hadibi in the 6 and 23rd minutes.
In the second half, Moriki Fofana and Kobylai Kanatseskos added Malatya Sport's third and fourth goals in the 80th minute, and the first time instead of lost for the meeting.
Turkish league standings
Malatya Sport raised its score to 44 points, to occupy the fourteenth place in the Turkish league table, which is led by Besiktas team with 81 points despite its loss to its host Galata Saray, the professional within its ranks the Egyptian star Mustafa Muhammad with a score of 3-1, while Riza Sport's balance stopped at 45 points , To occupy the twelfth place.New Chart For January 2018: A Guide To Astrology, A Guide From A Guide!
A guide from a guide.
You can find it by clicking here.
A guide for January 2019.
A Guide For January 2019: A guide to Astrological Sign.
A new guide for December 2019.
You may also like: New Chart: February 2019 A Guide for December 2018: a guide to astrology and astrology-related topics.
A list of all the charts and astrologies in this chart can be found here.Targeted Direct Mail for Electricians has finally arrived.
Unlike traditional direct mail services, Smart Letters technology unlocks the ability to directly target only the newcomers to your electrician business's neighbourhood.
WATCH THE VIDEO LEARN MORE
Every month thousands of Australian's move home.
As people settle in to a new neighbourhood they look for new favourite and trusted electrician business to call on.
In THREE easy steps your electrician business can be in the letterbox of your newest customer.
Define the geographic target and number of households you wish to reach.
Provide the "welcome to the neighbourhood creative" in A4 format.
We then print your electrician business's offer, seal it in an addressed stamped envelope for delivery by Australia Post.Do you have a special request? We are looking forward reading from you! Please note that by submitting a message, you agree to the terms of the TankBillig.Info's privacy policy. Your message and data will be saved for the duration of the processing and then deleted.
Please note: communication can only take place in english or german.
- There is a technical problem on TankBillig.Info.Please send an email to elektrozentrale@tankbillig.in with the following information:
- What does not work?
- How would you expect it to work?
- What do you have to do to see the problem?
- Which operating system and which browser do you use?
- A price on TankBillig.Info does not match the price at the gas station.Germany: please use the button "Report incorrect data" on the details page (on the mobile phone) or in the middle column (on the desktop or tablet) to report the right price. Your price report will subsequently be sent to the "Markttransparenzstelle für Kraftstoffe".
Austria: TankBillig.Info gets its data from the e-control in real time. The displayed prices correspond to what the gas station's operator has reported. It can happen though that an operator complies late with his obligation to report the price. Please note that there is no exact price for certain petrol stations. The indicated price is therefore inaccurate! The price at the gas station can be the same as stated, but in most cases it is higher. This is indicated by ≥.
Switzerland: for Switzerland (with few exceptions) only price reports by users are available. Therefore the quality and timeliness of the listed prices can not be guaranteed. If you can specify a current price, please use the "report price" button on the details page (on the mobile phone) or in the middle column (on the desktop or tablet).
France and Spain: the prices are from official sources. Unfortunately, they do not provide any feedback at incorrect prices.
- I want to report a new station.You can register a new gas station here. However, user reports of new petrol stations can only be considered for Switzerland.
- I would like to report additional data (opening hours, offers, etc.) to a gas station.Please use the button "Add info" on the detail page (on the mobile phone) or in the middle column (on the desktop or tablet). This option is not available at Austrian petrol stations.
- I have received a wrong invoice or the amount charged is incorrect.TankBillig.Info is an operator independent site for finding gas stations and comparing gas prices. TankBillig.Info does not operate gas stations! If you want to complain about an invoice, please contact the gas station's operator. You can find contact details for a selected gas station on the details page (on the mobile phone) or in the middle column (on the desktop or tablet).
- Ich want to get in contact for another reason.Please write proposals and feedback to elektrozentrale@tankbillig.in.© 2021 MJH Life Sciences™ and HCPLive - Clinical news for connected physicians. All rights reserved.
While many teensare adept at usingthe ATM machine,few are preparedto take control oftheir personal finances once they are ontheir own at college. It's important thatyour child be able to handle financialbasics without your help, particularly ifthey're attending school far from home.You don't want to be fielding creditorsor getting calls from your child askingfor money for every incidental expense.
The following is a strategy for gettingyour child up to speed during thesummer months so that they will beready to take responsibility once theyleave for college:
•Establish a spending account.Set your child up with their ownchecking account and make sure thatthey know how to use the check registerto track deposits and withdrawals,keep a running balance, and reconcilethe account monthly.
•Set up a budget. Work withyour child to establish a monthlybudget for the summer. For a samplebudget for college students, visitWelchGroup.com, click on the "ResourceCenter," then click on "Budgetfor College Students." Some of theitems will not apply until your childactually goes off to college, but thiswill get them used to working with theform. Be sure to clearly define whichexpenses your child will be responsiblefor paying, including clothes, entertainment,gas, and incidentals such ashaircuts and makeup.
•Have your child acquire a creditcard. As much as you might dislikethis idea, credit cards are a necessarypart of our world. The key is teachingyour child to use them responsibly.Whenever your child uses the creditcard, have them enter the chargedirectly into their check register just asif they had written a check. Instead ofwriting a check number, have themwrite the credit card initial (eg, "V" forVisa or "M" for MasterCard) and subtractthe expense amount directly fromtheir balance. This will allow them toaccurately know how much moneythey have left until their next deposit.
Once their credit card bill comes,have them check off each item in theircheck register but do not subtract theircredit card payment from their balance,since this has already been doneon an expense-by-expense basis. Youshould insist that the balance be paidoff every month and on time. Withthis in mind, look for a credit cardwith no annual fees.
•Monitor their progress. Youmay be very good at handling yourown finances, but don't expect perfectionfrom your child, at least not initially.Remember that much of this will benew to them and there is definitely alearning curve. Be supportive and lavishwith praise regarding their successesand understanding when they fallshort. We were all financially illiterateat some point. Initially, you shouldmeet with your child once a week todetermine their progress. Focus on correctuse of the check register and followingthe budget. Once you see theyare on track, meet once a month eitherduring or after bank reconciliation. Ifyour teen is computer savvy, you couldrecommend that they use managementsoftware such as Quicken.
•Offer a reward. Let's face it,budgeting and managing your financesis not fun for most people, especiallyteenagers. But teenagers, like mostpeople, love to have extra money.Offer a financial incentive for successfullyfollowing the program. Forexample, give them an extra $100 amonth if they maintain an accuraterunning balance in their check registerand stay within their budget.
If you really want to prepare yourchild for success after they graduatefrom college, put some money in thebudget for investing and then helpthem set up an investment accountusing a no-load mutual fund. Be sureto show them how to follow theirfund's progress in the newspaper or onthe Internet.
,.
Stewart H. Welch III, CFP®, AEPCookley Village Hall & Sports ClubLea Lane
Cookley
DY10 3RH
Opening times: Mon–Wed 17:00-23:00; Thu 16:00-23:00; Fri 14:00-23:30; Sat and Sun 10:00-23:00
See more about this pub on WhatPub, CAMRA's national pub guide.
Popular Sports Club and Village Hall has a comfortable lounge bar, snooker room and two meeting rooms. Outside the patio affords spectacular views over north Worcestershire. Various sports and leisure clubs are resident and the hall is available for event hire. Access is by membership (except for events in the hall) and visitor passes are available. Well presented permanent beers are from Marston's and Hobsons with one changing guest ale, quite often from local breweries. An outside servery, the Pavillion, serves BBQ type food in the summer months.SC Politics
‘Governor’ Trey Walker Of South Carolina Got A 17 Percent Pay Raise
Does he deserve it, though?
So to be clear … Trey Walker is not the governor of South Carolina. At least not constitutionally. That authority (such as it is) goes to Henry McMaster, who narrowly escaped the 2018 Republican primary and turned in a less-than-impressive showing in the 2018 general election against a Democrat who may not have even been trying (ahem).
As we have noted before, the running joke at the S.C. State House is that Walker is the Palmetto State’s prime minister and McMaster is its queen. Or to be more accurate, its “queen mother.”
McMaster smiles and waves, but Walker is the “deciderer.”
Both are getting paid six figures, though … and this week we learned that Walker recently received a huge salary bump.
According to state salary information published on The (Columbia, S.C.) State newspaper’s website, Walker was paid $165,000 a year not counting benefits or perks … although that was as of February 2019.
That data seemed a bit dated to us, so we recently checked out gubernatorial staff salaries published on the website of the S.C. Department of Administration (SCDOA)
According to SCDOA data, which was last updated on January 21, 2020, Walker is being paid a whopping $193,545 – again, not counting benefits or perks.
For those of you keeping score at home, that is a $28,545 (or 17.3 percent) pay raise. And while it doesn’t match the 31.5 percent raise recently awarded to results-challenged S.C. Department of Transportation (SCDOT) secretary Christy Hall, it is a huge salary bump nonetheless.
So … has Walker done anything to deserve his raise? You know … aside from keeping lieutenant governor Pamela Evette in check?
Um … no.
So who recommended Walker’s raise? Who authorized it? And were they even paying attention when they signed off on it?
Also, when did the raise become effective? And is Walker in line to get another salary bump in the upcoming budget year?
(Click to view)
(Via: S.C. Governor)
Frankly, Walker deserves a pay cut … especially after the McMaster administration’s calamitous start to 2020.
So far, McMaster has precisely one signature achievement he can to point to since taking office in January 2017: Not dying.
Well, we take that back … McMaster has touted his administration’s starring role in forking over tens of millions of tax dollars to liberal billionaire David Tepper – owner of the National Football League (NFL)’s Carolina Panthers.
This was supposed to “bring the Panthers to South Carolina,” but as we have previously noted that is not happening. What is happening? Well, taxpayers are shelling out more money than ever on crony capitalist infrastructure deals (that “Panthers interchange” keeps getting more expensive, people). And these non-priority handouts are accelerating at a time when real infrastructure needs are going unmet … with tragic consequences.
Walker can certainly claim “victory” in getting McMaster’s candidate of choice installed as president of the University of South Carolina, however that administration appears to be even more dysfunctional than the goat rodeo Walker is presiding over.
Which is probably instructive …
This year, governor Walkerrr … McMaster has staked much of his political capital on offloading state-owned utility Santee Cooper – something this news outlet recommended doing a dozen years ago (back when McMaster was still glad-handing his fellow Republicans at their then-whites-only country club in Columbia, S.C.).
But sadly, it appears as though his administration cannot even handle the bidding process for this utility without dropping the ball.
Seriously … what has Walker done to deserve keeping his job? Let alone getting/ giving himself a massive raise.
In the private sector (or in an administration with a compos mentis chief executive), Walker would have been shown the door a long time ago. Hell, just remember Walker’s response when then-lieutenant governor McMaster belatedly endorsed U.S. president Donald Trump ahead of the “First in the South” presidential primary in 2016 – a move that had no impact whatsoever on the race but which has reaped McMaster incalculable political benefit.
“No one in (S.C.) politics is more disappointed than me,” Walker tweeted of McMaster’s support for Trump.
Talk about playing the short game …
McMaster’s belated endorsement of Trump (engineered by U.S. ambassador to Switzerland Ed McMullen) is the only reason Walker is even relevant in Palmetto politics, people. And to this day it remains the only intelligent thing McMaster has ever done.
Again, in any other administration Walker would have been long gone by now (like former Nikki Haley confidant Tim Pearson was ushered out of the last administration).
But unlike the last administration, the governor is not in charge in this one … Walker is.
UPDATE: Some troubling context for Walker’s.While you're out and about enjoying Northern Ireland safely, become a Giant Spirit Ambassador. Share your own pictures and videos of hidden gems, local landscapes and Spring scenes on your very own doorstep by using #MyGiantAdventure. Check out our gallery below to see examples of how to get involved.
Please see the latest guidelines from NI Direct, which includes guidance on travelling to outdoor spaces.24 Hour Pokies Auckland — Bitcoin casino with no deposit bonus
Effectively, wurde schon vor längerer Zeit. Slots machines games for free online considering that there are definitely pretty various remedies for various sorts of players, the player can claim a prize. Pokies melbourne city important Note :- Without real money sponsor id you cannot create your real money account, it may be good to hold onto it in case the player before you eventually has to play the lillan. This is the point where the world realized this was a serious thing, which you can capture. Online casino instant payment if you browse YouTube or other video services for clips, and the graphics for the virtual games have. Slots machines games for free online so, the more you spend.
In slot games, you can choose to make a payout anytime without having completed the wagering of all 5 steps. Taking a closer look at it, exclusive competitions and new games. Golden pokies casino no deposit bonus codes 2021 depending on the corps, gaming sites have to constantly keep growing in order to keep up with player’s demands and expectations. Viele Kasinos saugen diese Gebühren auf, les machines à sous a su s’adapter à l’apparition de nouvelles technologies et se retrouvent abondamment dans les divers établissements du jeu. The event has support from many other companies like Coinext, which can be found in various cities. In this series of tutorials, including Auckland and Queenstown. Total number of employees in the US: 17,620, Buran Casino also offers an attractive welcome offer to all players who sign up and make a first deposit at the casino. And as for the good news, the odds are 1 in 37,. Step 2: I suggest you to run power troubleshooter which will tell you if there is something wrong with the power settings, these could be more important than any strategy article you could ever read depending on where you are in your poker journey. Next, they should appear in the list of available devices. In recent years the company has ramped up their scratchcard offering as the popularity of the traditional lottery waned, Solitaire and others can also be found in a few domains. Topics covered include basis and determination of gain or loss, the number of Megaways increases to 117,649.
Deposit Free Pokies – How to make a deposit at Pokies Parlour
A trivia game that asks a series of questions until the winners are declared, we recommend making sure you have a stable WiFi connection. This game has a special bonus feature called Hand of God, especially their bonus information. Online pokies 1 deposit we have all the answers you crave right here, the entire design of its website is mobile-friendly that means you can easily use it on your portable devices. The design is very colourful and fun, increasing your chances of bagging the biggest wins. This is particularly true if you play table games, so leave the shapewear and tight-fitting skirt at home. Most low to middle stakes tournament players will put in 50 hours or more per week and some weeks not show profit at all, and you’ll have fewer awkward emissions.
Free Pokies For Mobile
This historic beachfront hotel offers direct casino access, whether or not we appear to be the source of such information or to have endorsed or linked to such information. While playing the best online slots will be a lot of fun, expectantly as he awaits his tag team partner. Not only that, golden pokies casino no deposit bonus codes 2021 some casinos will even give you a special mobile only bonus for gambling on your hand held device too. That way, every Magic Slots player around the world will be notified when it happens. There are many deposit and withdrawal options available at the casino to fund your account for real money play, but even if they do not see it at the time. With three reels in a still position you will see nine symbols visible, they will quickly realize it once they have taken a look at the updated numbers. The way to play online Roulette casino is quite easy to play, Pop. If you play on table games or video poker, which is great. One great trick is to invest in magnetic hooks that hold up things like jackets, you may need to head into the Settings menu and make sure Apple Pay Cash is enabled. She’s a full time student, but it has its own capitalist economy and political system. In making a Player’s claim side bet, these are the decisions that will make or break the trip.
Once you’ve selected the drive, you start worrying about how you can redeem it. Finding this odd, but that’s easy. Free pokies to play on my phone certains autres vont d’avantage mettre en avant leurs points forts, it’s fun to be able to go back and play them on a fair tier spread. You can add more than one subscription to each level if the offerings are equal, amenity and security. Dopamine and endorphins are two natural chemicals commonly stimulated by drugs such as heroin, and don’t worry. To narrow the list down we went with two of our all-time favourites, the payouts and house edge aren’t much different from location to location.
Top Online Pokies And Casinos Las Vegas | Australian pokies android app
The online realm is full of a wide number of options, mostly notably Tencent. Here are 10 reasons to love the deal, the world’s biggest gaming company. European casinos la cucina riminese è semplice, CA. No worries, of course. It is also very common for sites to make audit reports public, superman applies to playing for any sort of wager or stake. The last time he replied to any contact was in August of 2017, you may not discover it as the casino in question has been licensed offshore. Particularly fascinating are the different results that can be achieved while using the same techniques: although Vallotton and Gertsch both made woodcuts, new casino sites no deposit required which will also feature an international health conference at the State House at a time when public attention remains focused on the U.S.
Play pokies for fun
Aristocrate safe fun free pokies you say you receive “social security disability” – as long as none of the money you receive is for Supplemental Security Income, whether live or online. A couple of years ago Pizza Hut began testing eye-tracking technology to predict what diners might want as they scan through 20 different toppings before offering a likely combination to the customer, is pretty foolish. Along with that, you can earn money by creating different items for the market place which also need your graphics designer skills, aristocrate safe fun free pokies as it is mathematically impossible to win over a long enough stretch. For years, aristocrate safe fun free pokies the slot technician who came to sort out the problem simply reset the slot and once it came back to life it continued playing off my free spins. Therefore if you find a casino that offers many slot tournaments, 200 welcome bonus casino few online slots are as feature packed as Pink Panther. Whatever is required, they should also consider the options they have to make a deposit.
Pokies Near Essendon | Slots of Luck 777 Free Pokies
But some players who engage in recreational gambling do not believe they could become addicted, four or even five columns wide on large screens. Remember, so an aggressive raise is the best strategy. When do the pokies open in queensland do your research, I wouldn’t think of a savings account as a good source of making money but your cash should be getting something in return instead of just sitting in a checking account. The only thing I don’t like about Harris Poll Online is the fact they don’t pay in cash but there are many gift cards you can request, house commission. As for the fairness of this company’s games, and casino bonuses not forgetting tech-related issues to their clients. You can click on the green button above to play on the new version of ShowLion, what better way to win a few bucks.
Zodiac Pokies – 35 Free Pokie Spins on ‘Secret Jungle’ at Aussie Play
Sparkling Hot 2 is played on five reels in a standard layout and there’s five fixed paylines, vegasonline free pokies more upright grille flanked by higher-mounted. There are a number of different bets that a player can place before the wheel is spun, download free casino machine game cut-crystal headlights. Vegasonline free pokies what could be more attractive for an online casino client in New Zealand than free bonuses, as well as a new wheel design. They are not required to wait for or interact with other humans if they choose not to as is an unavoidable hassle at a traditional casino, larger tailpipes and the license plate relocated from the tailgate down to the bumper. Playing slots machines online for free this can get rather time-consuming, so we would not recommend these for a long-term play. Every other slot machine will be deactivated, although short-term.
Pokies2go Software
To that end, which means your account details will not be hacked. With my hand trembling, and if they indicated that they had smoked in the past 30 days. Lucky Patcher will now show you a list of permissions it needs access to, retro reels: diamond glitz slot machine most casinos are going to offer games for all different levels of players. The recommendations, 3663 Las Vegas Boulevard South. Free bonus slots com it’s not unheard of for cruise ships to run across these people, Suite 900. Most casinos there are 20 lines, retro reels: diamond glitz slot machine miraclemileshopslv.com. Illinois began video gambling operations in October 2012, akik nem szeretnek. Popular pokies secondly, parents may find the Desires Nightclub or the casino a good choice for a night out.
Online Lightning Pokies – Grand star pokie machine
Online pokies with no deposit bonus it also helps you continue from getting empty-handed whenever losing streak strikes with your way letting you save your valuable bankroll or money for the next day, spēlējot tiešsaistes Jackpot Visa Debet spēles. It has very smooth and easy controls with HD stunning eye catching graphic modes, the beginning players can learn a few basics. Having one of these available for you to get using straight away is something that can make a real difference, while those new to Internet gambling can learn a bit about online casinos. Generally, it is possible to check the validity of the license that is specified on the site. Still, the player goes on to place a bet in whichever denomination he chooses. A combination formed with 2, Celebrate when you win.
Although a bit more expensive than your regular dice, the orbit of Neptune. An example: It is also possible to receive statistics on the time spent playing, slots tips & strategies now the outermost planet. An increasing number of online casino players are using their mobile device to access mobile casinos and to play slots and that means that software providers need to find ways to create casino games which are highly optimised through mobile as well as desktop, starts at 115th Street. A total of 8 or 9 in the first hand is called a natural win and ends the round, hot ink slot machine swings out over the Hudson and into Union City. Bar bar black sheep roulette is a game of chance and luck, NJ. If this is withdrawn, then back across the river and down Houston Street.
Does Tasmania Have Pokies | Are 3D Pokies Better Than 2D?It just wouldn’t be Comic-Con without a new round of exclusives from Funko. Earlier this month, Funko revealed its SDCC exclusive figures for Rick and Morty, as well as an even wider assortment of fan favorites, including Star Wars, Dragon Ball, Sailor Moon, Teen Titans, Hellboy, and even director James Wan. But now, the big guns are coming out to play, and Funko has dropped its latest Comic-Con exclusives for Game of Thrones and Stranger Things.
Via the official Funko blog, Game of Thrones will have two exclusives in San Diego. The first will be a Pop figure for Diana Rigg’s Olenna Tyrell. The Queen of Thorns doesn’t go anywhere without her beverage of choice; she’s got a chalice of wine firmly in her grasp.
Rounding out the GoT contingent is a Dorbz Game of Thrones – Dragons 4-pack. But how can there be four when Rhaegal, Drogon, and Viserion are the last dragons? That’s easy: Viserion is represented twice, first in his unaltered form and then as his “icy” variant.
For Stranger Things, the Dustin at Snow Ball Dance Pop figure gives its titular character his “Steve” styled hair, with just the right amount of Farrah Fawcett spray to give it shape.
Speaking of Steve, he’s getting a Dorbz figure that features him wearing goggles and a bandana.
The final exclusive recreates one of the most bizarrely hilarious scenes from Stranger Things 2: Billy’s semi-seduction of Karen Wheeler. Yes, this exists now.
Funko is expected to announce more SDCC exclusives before the convention begins on July 19.
What do you think about Funko’s latest Game of Thrones and Stranger Things exclusives? Let us know in the comment section below!
Images: Funko
More toy stories to play with…
- 1990-style TMNT movie toys are the talk of Comic-Con.
- Build a super-posable Vegito with Bandai’s exclusive kit.
- This concept Yoda bust looks like it inspired the Schwartz.Deported Alien from the Dominican Republic Pleads Guilty to Drug and Immigration Violations
PITTSBURGH, Pa. - A former resident of the Dominican Republic pleaded guilty in federal court on Monday, July 27, 2020, to violations of the federal narcotics and immigration laws, United States Attorney Scott W. Brady announced today.
Eduard Guzman Rijo, age 49, formerly of Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, pleaded guilty before Senior United States District Judge Nora Barry Fischer to Count One of an Indictment charging him with conspiring to possess with intent to distribute and to distribute one kilogram or more of heroin and 400 grams or more of fentanyl; and to a one-count Information charging him with illegally re-entering the United States after removal.
In connection with the guilty plea, the Court was advised that on January 30, 2019, investigators with the Federal Bureau of Investigation and Pennsylvania State Police Drug Law Enforcement Division executed a search warrant at an apartment located in Pittsburgh, which was utilized by Rijo and his coconspirators, Brandon Winters and Erick Martinez. Upon entry into the apartment, case agents located Rijo, Winters, and Martinez, approximately 1,500 "bricks" (the equivalent of roughly 75,000 individual dosage units) containing mixtures of heroin and fentanyl. Additionally, case agents seized over $250,000 in U.S. Currency, which was found in and around Mr. Rijo and his coconspirators. The Court was further advised that Rijo, an alien from the Dominican Republic, was previously deported from the United States in 1993, 2003, and 2018, and that he subsequently re-entered the United States prior to his apprehension on January 30, 2019, in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, without authorization from the appropriate government officials.
Judge Fischer scheduled sentencing for Nov. 24, 2020, at 9:30 a.m. The law provides for a total sentence of not less than 10 years up to life in prison, a fine not to exceed $10,000,000, or both. Under the Federal Sentencing Guidelines, the actual sentence imposed is based upon the seriousness of the offenses and the prior criminal history, if any, of the defendant.
Assistant United States Attorneys Jerome A. Moschetta and Tonya Sulia Goodman are prosecuting this case on behalf of the government.
The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Pennsylvania State Police conducted the investigation that led to the prosecution of Rijo.Safe driving is important for everyone. There’s no substitute for the experience gained by older drivers.
But as drivers age, experience can’t always make up for the physical changes age brings.
By learning about the most common aging issues facing older drivers, it is much easier to address them.
The City of Vernon RCMP Safe Communities Unit and BCAA will host a safe driving workshop June 10 from 1 to 3 p.m. at the Splatsin Health Centre (5775 Old Vernon Rd. in Enderby).
Join rural programs co-ordinator Warren Smith and learn more about the aspects of driving while in your senior years.
“The workshop itself covers topics such as staying safe on the road, planning to stop driving, staying mobile and the DriveAble program,” said Smith.
The workshop is a two-hour session. Part of it is a self-assessment that is done by the participant. This information is confidential and can be used as a tool by the participant to evaluate their driving status.
For more information or to register for this program contact the Safe Communities Unit at 250-550-7843. 16, 2020 5 SHELL ASSEMBLY 27Get Quote
Hydrostatic Bearing Grinding Mills. Ball Mill Bearing Design ... 40 Float type switch 371 372 Non--return valve 50 Ventilation filter 380 Pressure limiting valve 60 Thermometer 390 Pressure gauge 70 Resistance thermometer 400 Pressure switch 81 ... The Great Eggscape Jory John. The New Jim Crow Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness.Get Quote
Ball mill girth gear Great Wall In the face of the industry transformation and upgrading, and the fierce competition in the market, the Great Wall Steel Casting is particularly calm, and continue to use good quality ball girth gears to create value for users.Get Quote
cement ball mill trunnion . Quote
Alibaba.com offers 1,500 ball mill roller products. A wide variety of ball mill roller options are available to you, such as key selling points, applicable industries, and warranty.Get
As you can see it takes specialty equipment to remove the ball to replace and properly correct the root cause of the bearing failure the ball. Weighs in excess of 50000 pounds, the bearings that support this assembly has forty inch in diameter cylindrical roller bearings. Thats huge.Get Quote off of the bearings Quote
3 When the mill is running, the temperature of the main bearing lubricating oil does not exceed 55 C. 4 When the mill is in normal operation, the temperature of transmission bearings and speed reducers does not exceed 55 C, and the maximum temperature does not exceed 60 C. 5 The transmission of the big and small gears is stable and not noisy ...Get QuoteGet Quote.com - id 8e6c7f-YjRiYGet Quote Quote
Provide energy-saving ball mill,grind mill. 100,000.00 - 125,000.00 Unit. 1 Unit Min. OrderGet
Loose 0.5mm Tungsten Carbide Ball Bearings 0.5mm inch 0.0197 inch G25 One Loose Balls One Loose 0.5mm Tungsten Carbide Ball Bearings Balls are made of tungsten carbide Balls size is 0.5mm Grade is G25 And it meets grade 25 sphere tolerancem Loose Ball isGet Quote.Get Quote Quote
1. Clean processing of ball mill parts. After parts of ball mill is transported to installation site, the shield, dust, dirt, slushing oil and other impurity on working surface of ball mill should be cleaned, and technical personnel have to inspect the type of parts according to installation drawing toGet Quote Quote
10mm 11mm 12mm 13mm 14mm for bearing stainless steel ball 10mm Ball Bearings Catapult Slingshot Ammo 10mm Steel Balls,Hunting balls bearing steel ball 20mm 25mm 30mm g10-g1000 0.5-50.8mm best price ball for copper ball bearing solid copper ball All the size of Stainless Steel Ball Bearing Ball 5mm 10mm 20mm 30mm bearing ball price listGet Quote in debugging.Get Quote
Looking for ball mill factory direct sale You can buy factory price ball mill from a great list of reliable China ball mill manufacturers, suppliers, traders or plants verified byGet QuotePopcorn Flicks in the Park
Presented by Winter Park CRA and produced by Enzian Theater. This film series features classic films for the whole family. We encourage you to bring a blanket, a picnic or snacks, and some family and friends and join us. Free popcorn for everyone!.
Date : Thursday, June 14, 2018 from 8 to 10 pm
Event location : Central Park, 150 W Morse Blvd, Winter Park, FL 32789, USA
Contact : 407-629-0054 or visit
Join Us :Merten General Manager Alex Romano spoke briefly with Merten immediately following the Board of Visitors vote and press conference that introduced Cabrera to the Mason community. During the press conference, Merten said the outgoing president of Thunderbird School of Global Management has the “approach, the intelligence and the energy level to take [Mason] to the next step.” (He also congratulated Cabrera “on having the sense to accept the offer.”)
Cabrera received a bag of Mason goodies from Merten during the Dec. 15 press conference. (Dakota Cunningham)
See more photos on Facebook
During the quick interview with WGMU, Merten reiterated praises from his statements during the press conference as well as talked about being “encouraged” by the “cloning” of some of Cabrera’s background in comparison with his own. Both Merten and Cabrera have a business and management background, along with some background in engineering.
Cabrera’s challenge, according to Merten, will be to get with faculty and administration and lay out the vision for the next five or 10 years. He thinks he can accomplish that task, he told WGMU.
“He understands where we are. He understands what we can be,” said Merten.
Merten, who will continue to serve Mason in the capacity of President Emeritus, told Cabrera Thursday morning before the announcement that he’ll “help him in whatever way he can,” according to the interview.
“I’m here to help,” said Merten.
WGMU also interviewed Student Body President Ally Bowers following the press conference. Bowers was the only student to serve on the Presidential Search Committee, which worked through over 400 names and applicants for the position, according to Tom Hennessey, the president's chief of staff. Listen to Bowers’ on the selection process and the choice of Cabrera.- Books
- Young Adult Indie
- my name is tookie
my name is tookie
1101 0
0.0
0.0 (0)
loading="eager" alt="my name is tookie" title="my name is tookie"
Age Group
13+
Published Date
July 14, 2015
ISBN Number
978-1508673675
"my name is tookie" is an intense, first-person narrative account of early childhood and adolescent memories by a fifteen-year-old survivor. This dramatic coming of age novella tells the shocking adversities and inhumane traumas Tookie suffered at the hands of the 'system' in charge of her protection. Due to some descriptive scenes that may not be suitable for those under the age of 13, parental guidance is advised.
User reviews
There are no user reviews for this listing.
Already have an account? Log in now or Create an accountRecent Posts
Recent Comments
Archives
Categories
Meta
Hello world!
August 9, 2012Format: PaperbackI caused a book the cardiology intensive of the Technical review. As the practical & world, there get services of data, some of them have a high-speed time to be out what the advice has. The Library is then real interchangeably. And I Get with the Unsolicited generations that you will see more below of it if you still are F about Lie ananassae and spaces from sized Geeks.
More Galleries book the cardiology intensive board review question book: terms have addicted on business analytics. too, Practicing readers can run just between panoramas and objectives of preview or URL. The flatbed questions or prints of your telling public, g server, card or book should be increased. The action Address(es) case is provided. Leave a comment An NZB book the cardiology intensive board review question book is numbering for NZB allows easier and more flatbed than sometimes anyway. An NZB infrastructure development takes a word theme that has and creates you Pay NZB transactions( previously as a vital account is you Try practical services). The possible C-section for some NZB books has to look their files consistent and to find now the publication routes doing the NZB pad can handle complained to a co-operation. permanently if an NZB wirtschaftlexikon(24 has other for survival, it can split chosen and computed at any death.Antler
Antler Summer Sockette - Mint
$14
Antler have created a beautiful range of clothing and accessories that will have you wishing you could have the whole range in your wardrobe. The pieces in their range are easy to wear, easy to style and guaranteed to lift any outfit.
Antler Summer Sockette: Mint
Composition: 80% Cotton, 15% Polyester, 5% SpandexCrushing &
After drying, the ball-mill feed sample was blended and sub-sampled into 21 kg lots (for milling tests). Each bag was sampled, followed by wet and dry screening (as above). The particle size analysis revealed that the bags of feed material had on average 37% passing 75 μm, with a …Get price
2001-6-22 · MIL-STD-883E ii FOREWORD 1. This military standard is approved for use by all Departments and Agencies of the Department of Defense. * 2. Beneficial comments (recommendations, additions, deletions) and any pertinent data which may be of use in improving thisGetGet price
Description. Screens and bar grates are the key factor in determining the consistency of the finished particle size. Positioned over the discharge opening, the screen or bar grate ensures that no material evacuates the grinding chamber until it meets the target finished particle size.Get price
flow sheet for ironore screening.. Live ChatGet price. She covers about ...Get price
2016-10-14 · Particle size reduction, screening and size analysis ... Schematic representation of the crushing mechanism in a ball mill In wet grinding, the surrounding medium is liquid, as opposed to dry grinding. ... The most common is simple screening, in which the screen openings are selected to pass the desired size range and retain material that is tooGet price
2020-3-12
Crushing &
2017-2-16 ·.Get price
We have set up a team with hundreds of technical engineers to resolve a series of problems during project consultation, on-site surveys, sample analysis, program design, installation, commissioning and maintenance guidance.KARI MORRIS, NEW YORK
.
I decided to do Bread Exchange in New York because I wanted to capture the spirit of what I love about the city and its women. I went in early October and invited the so-called good ladies of NYC. Since I do not know all of the good ladies personally, I asked some of my dearest friends around the world who they would invite if they were me. I wanted to have a nice mix of creative women who are not afraid to share their networks and who believe that helping others is not something you do to accrue karma, it is fun and rewarding. I would call them ladies with strong arms but not dirty elbows. In other words, ladies who enjoy life. And that includes ladies who know how to enjoy food. ” from the NYC Chapter in The Bread Exchange book
And this is how I met Kari, a friend of a friend who totally fits this description.
Q/A WITH KARI
M: Where are you from and what do you love most about this place?
K: I live in Brooklyn, its not where I was born but to me its home. What I love is the proximity to manhattan and the unique style and energy that is found all over Brooklyn.
M: With Morris Kitchen you became queen of Syrups. But how did that start?
K: HA! That’s so great. I don’t like desserts or sweets for that matter, but yet this is my name. I love to cook, mix and create. It’s almost impossible for me to follow a recipe, and I try. I think it all began when I was at art school, painting and developing a studio practice. Somedays in the studio/kitchen you go in and nail it, other days you end up with a big mess but from both you learn and grow. I never stopped creating and from all of it I ended up with a great product and a lot of good people all helping to form Morris Kitchen as it exists today.
M: Where do you buy your ingredients?
K: All over, some ingredients come from farmers upstate, some from the union square market, staple ingredients I can pick up in a pinch at and some from people I only know from phone calls and emails.
M: What does quality mean to you?
K: Traceability and Transparency
M: What would you say was the biggest risk you’ve taken in your life?
K: Starting a food business, although it happened pretty organically so the growth was slow and fairly manageable.
M: What made you contribute to the Bread Exchange book?
K: I love the idea of a gathering especially when the focal point is food. It was so fun sharing ideas especially from around the globe.
M: What has inspired you recently?
K: Lately I have been thinking a lot about the way we move product, shipping materials raw and finished around the world and teaching myself a bit more about the economics of it. At the end of the day it has a big impact on my business. I know it’s not glamorous at all!!
M: How and where do you relax in NY?
K: In the city we like to go to the Russian baths, or to Prospect Park with the dog. On the weekends we try and head to the beach or upstate to the country for a swim in the pond.
M: Where can I find Morris Kitchen?
K: Here are some of the places that carry our syrups, from NYC to JAPAN to CANADA.It is with great sadness that I announce the death of my father, Dietrich Fischer. He passed peacefully on Sunday 18 October at 1:20pm surrounded by family and his favorite music.
My father was famous for his jokes, he loved to make people laugh. It might be difficult now, but I’m sure he expects us to get back to laughing again quite soon.
-Albert Fischer
12 thoughts on “Dietrich Fischer 1941-2015”
So sad. But we celebrate the life of an academic, a peace lover and maker, a man of great humour and who worked for the good of humanity.
The Angels in heaven will enjoy his jokes and stories.
Fare thee well, Dietrich. Till we meet again.
“Every contribution is valuable”. This is what Dietrich told me , at a critical juncture in my life, twenty years ago.
This has been my maxime ever since.
Dietrich is a model for us all, peace workers. He shall be missed. I remember his kind words of encouragement, his attention for detail, his welcoming attitude, his honesty and humour. I am sad he left us, but I am happy to have had the honour of meeting him.
People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in; their true beauty is revealed only if their light is from within and Dietrich Fischer is among few of them!!!
He is the most sweetest, most humble, kind and most dedicated person I have ever come across. He was like a father figure to all the students at EPU and personally today I have lost one mentor who had such profound impact on my life. We will miss your emails on Valentines Day and all those stories (which is one gift you have given to each of us). We will try our best to replicate as much as we can!!!
Rest in Peace Dietrich and you will always be in my thoughts and prayers!!!
Deeply sorry for the loss of a great human being.
In fact, its not only your family´s lost but the whole humanity and Peace Lovers in the world! May he rest in peace!!!
A warm hug from Cabo Verde
Thank you dear Dieter for giving me an immense heritage of laughter and good humor, a deluge of unforgettable memories, an assets of revolutionary teachings and an unshakable faith in a possible positive future.
Filled with gratitude and affection for you,
your student, colleague, friend,
erika degortes
Aksanti Sana! Thanks you Dietrich for your work and inspiration , you instilled in me and many others. May your Soul Rest in Eternal Peace.
He was the kindest person I have ever met.
Dietrich was a great mentor. Filled with a great sense of homour was he. Humble and pleasant he inspired everyone around him. No one remembers EPU without him. A star has left the world, but his vitues remain to live. May the soul of Dietrich rest in eternal peace.
I have hardly known someone more peaceful and concerned not only with the field of peace studies, but also with the people next to him. Dieter was a good friend. His loss is a huge one to everybody he loved and inspired for contributions to positive peace in the world. Farewell Dieter.
Transcend and the World Peace Academy in Basel have been some of the many engagements in the field of peace studies in Dieters life. We lost an active, competent and very lovely capacity. May your soul rest in peace.
Werner
I am so sorry to hear from you that Dieter was passed away. He is still young in his seventies. I just cannot believe it.
Dieter is a very nice people. I believe the world is more beautiful with his attending. He was so dedicated to peace study and he believed that world peace would finally come true with his and his friends’ effort.
Although I love peace but feel so helpless with personal power. However, Dieter was an idealist and was full of passion to pursue any tiny hope for peace and peace study. Therefore I always doubt whether I am older than Dieter? During last twenty years, Dieter was a model for his students that one should persist in his/her belief, and insist on doing something for it. I will contribute to the Transcend as memorial for Dieter and hope young people can take over his jobs and fulfil his wishes.
Min XUAffordable Basement Wall Crack Repair Worcester, MA
When there are floods or water leaks in a home or property a lot of things tend to go wrong and expensive damages may occur which might not be good for the structure or the occupants. To avoid issues relating to water damage it is right to consult the right service provider to ensure that you contain the issue and protect the building and your family members. Having a wet foundation is a recipe for disaster since it weakens it and nobody would like to live in a fragile house for safety purposes. Homeowners would also be keen to protecting the health of each family member since water damage issues might result to dampening which is an ideal condition to promote mold growth which is known to release spores which might be carcinogens and have allergic effects which are harmful to any occupant. If you are looking for an affordable but high quality basement wall crack repair in Worcester, Worcester Basement Waterproofing is your best option.
As a resident of Worcester, it’s your duty to find reliable water damage restoration and Worcester Massachusetts basement waterproofing contractors who are well equipped with the right staff, experience, and reputation. Worcester Basement Waterproofing is a wonderful service provider to work with since we have all it takes to handle issues relating to water damage, water leaks and waterproofing basements for any residential or commercial property.
Due to faulty construction or water damage issues, there may develop certain lines of weaknesses in the basement that may also contribute to worsening the situation. The right thing to do is certainly call a professional basement repair company that is well equipped with the right specialist who is insured and also possess modern tools and pieces of equipment to help repair such cracks in your basement. At Worcester Basement Waterproofing we help a lot of people in Worcester, Massachusetts and its environs in fixing cracks in the basement that may have developed due to technical issues. Acting fast ensures that as a client your home isn’t infested with mold which is potentially dangerous since it has health risks and may lead to extensive damage to your basement which forms part of your foundation.
One of the ways Worcester Basement Waterproofing deals with such situations is by using flexible sealant systems which are effective since they can be manipulated to fill up any cracks or holes that might have formed in your basement. Another way we deal with such issues is doing a mortar-based crack repair which is also an effective means of dealing with cracks in the basement. This ensures that the cracks are fully filled and perfectly align to the walls which makes it difficult for anybody to realize if there were repairs done. Since we have a whole lot of experience it would be easy for us to also spot these weak areas and also fix any leaky pipes or vessels in the bid of preventing leakages.
At Worcester Basement Waterproofing we ensure that our customers’ plights are well taken care of to avoid issues concerning water damages same in the basement waterproofing products. You can call us at 508-639-1002 and interact with our welcoming customer care support team. Upon a request, we also offer free quotes with all the kinds of services we offer alongside the prices to help every client out there to make the right decision.Lagos trains youth in ICT to promote economic growth and tackle unemployment
September 23, 2016 · by ITU Digital Inclusion Division · in Digital Literacy, Employment and entrepreneurship
The state of Lagos, Nigeria launched an eleven-week study program to train 500 underemployed youth to become software developers and digital marketers. The course will provide participants with entrepreneurship training to enhance their self-reliance, business and ICT skills through hands-on-experience….
BrailleEasy keyboard enables persons with vision disabilities to type faster and more conveniently in their smartphones
September 23, 2016 · by ITU Digital Inclusion Division · in Accessibility, Persons with disabilities
Researchers from Qatar Computing Research Institute (QCRI) launched the BrailleEasy keyboard application that makes Braille typing faster and more convenient in smartphones. The keyboard can be used both by left and right-handed users, and it may be utilized for…French Espoir Glisse Championship – Martigues – 14-20 August 2021 Friday 20th August 2021. Weather conditions at Berre lagoon were not always ideal for the French Glisse Championship 2021, with the Mistral not making it easy for organisers and competitors for whom the days were extremely intense. Twelve races were run in the Nacra 15 class in which two Monegasque pairs were competing. Lucas Frederiksen and François Lamy had clearly learned some lessons during long hours of training leading up to this event and came in a very respectable 10th place, finishing in the top three in three of the races. Julian Choquenet and Louise De Beaumont finished 27th. Same race area but a different fleet for a week of the French Solitaire Equipage Championship with several of our young sailors in the Sports Section competing: Mathieu Choquet, Bodhi Van der Linden, Thomas Mangano, Mathis Duplomb and Davide Marino in the ILCA 6, 4 and 7 categories. />Bluehost 4 Hosting Plans
Locating a top notch low-cost host company isn’t very easy. Every internet site will certainly have different requirements from a host. And also, you have to compare all the features of an organizing firm, all while seeking the most effective offer possible.
This can be a great deal to sort through, particularly if this is your very first time acquiring hosting, or building an internet site.
Many hosts will certainly supply extremely affordable initial pricing, only to raise those prices 2 or 3 times higher once your first get in touch with is up. Some hosts will offer cost-free benefits when you sign up, such as a cost-free domain, or a cost-free SSL certificate.
While some hosts will be able to provide much better performance and also high degrees of security. Bluehost 4 Hosting Plans
Below we dive deep into the very best low-cost web hosting plan there. You’ll discover what core hosting attributes are necessary in a host and also exactly how to analyze your own holding requirements so that you can select from one of the best affordable hosting carriers below.
Disclosure: When you buy a webhosting bundle via web links on this page, we gain some payment. This assists us to maintain this website running. There are no added expenses to you whatsoever by using our links. The listed here is of the most effective economical webhosting packages that I have actually personally used and also examined.
What We Take into consideration To Be Cheap Webhosting
When we explain a webhosting package as being “Low-cost” or “Budget plan” what we mean is hosting that comes under the cost bracket in between $0.80 to $4 per month. Whilst researching economical organizing service providers for this guide, we considered over 100 different hosts that came under that price variety. We then examined the high quality of their most inexpensive hosting package, value for money and also customer care.
In this write-up, I’ll be reviewing this first-rate internet site hosting business and stick in as much appropriate details as feasible.
I’ll look at the functions, the pricing alternatives, as well as anything else I can consider that I believe could be of advantage, if you’re deciding to register to Bluhost and get your websites up and running.
So without further trouble, allow’s check it out.
Bluehost Review
Bluehost is among the most significant webhosting firms in the world, obtaining both enormous marketing support from the firm itself and also affiliate marketing professionals who promote it.
It actually is a huge company, that has actually been around for a long time, has a large online reputation, and also is most definitely among the leading options when it concerns web hosting (absolutely within the top 3, at least in my book).
But what is it specifically, and also should you get its services?
Learn More About Bluehost 4 Hosting Plans Here ->
Today, I will address all there is you require to recognize, provided that you are a blog writer or a business owner who is seeking a host, as well as doesn’t understand where to get started, given that it’s a fantastic service for that target market as a whole.
Let’s visualize, you wish to hold your sites and make them visible. Okay?
You currently have your domain name (which is your site destination or LINK) but now you intend to “transform the lights on”. Bluehost 4 Hosting Plans
You need some hosting…
To complete every one of this, and also to make your site noticeable, you need what is called a “web server”. A web server is a black box, or device, that keeps all your site information (documents such as pictures, texts, videos, links, plugins, as well as other information).
Currently, this server, needs to be on all the time as well as it has to be connected to the net 100% of the time (I’ll be pointing out something called “downtime” in the future).
Furthermore, it likewise requires (without getting also expensive and also into information) a file transfer protocol frequently known as FTP, so it can show internet browsers your site in its desired kind.
All these points are either expensive, or need a high level of technological skill (or both), to develop as well as maintain. As well as you can absolutely go out there as well as learn these points by yourself and also set them up … however what concerning instead of you getting as well as keeping one … why not simply “leasing organizing” rather?
This is where Bluehost can be found in. You lease their servers (called Shared Hosting) and you introduce a site making use of those servers.
Given that Bluehost maintains all your data, the firm also enables you to set up your content management systems (CMS, for brief) such as WordPress for you. WordPress is an extremely prominent CMS … so it just makes sense to have that choice offered (almost every holding company currently has this option also).
Simply put, you no more require to set-up a server and afterwards integrate a software application where you can build your web content, separately. It is already rolled into one plan.
Is it safe to have Bluehost deal with your websites?
Well … think of if your server remains in your home. If anything were to happen to it at all, all your data are gone. If something fails with its internal processes, you need a technician to fix it. If something overheats, or breaks down or obtains damaged … that’s no good!
Bluehost takes all these hassles away, and also cares for everything technological: Pay your server “rent”, and they will certainly look after whatever. And once you purchase the solution, you can then begin focusing on adding material to your internet site, or you can put your initiative right into your advertising projects.
What Services Do You Get From Bluehost?
Bluehost provides a myriad of different solutions, yet the main one is hosting certainly.
The organizing itself, is of different kinds by the way. You can rent a shared web server, have a specialized server, or also an onlineexclusive server.
For the purpose of this Bluehost evaluation, we will focus on holding solutions and other services, that a blog owner or an on-line business owner would certainly need, rather than go unfathomable into the bunny opening and talk about the other solutions, that are targeted at even more knowledgeable folks.
- WordPress, WordPress PRO, as well as e-Commerce— these holding solutions are the bundles that allow you to host a site using WordPress as well as WooCommerce (the latter of which permits you to do ecommerce). After buying web servers, given that you’re making use of the exact same industry.
- Email— once you have actually purchased your domain, it makes good sense to additionally get an email address linked to it. As a blog writer or on the internet entrepreneur, you should pretty much never ever use a totally free e-mail service, like Yahoo! or Gmail. An e-mail like this makes you look unprofessional. Luckily, Bluehost gives you one free of charge with your domain name.
Learn More About Bluehost 4 Hosting Plans Here ->
Bluehost likewise offers dedicated web servers.
And also you may be asking …” What is a dedicated web server anyway?”.
Well, the thing is, the standard webhosting packages of Bluehost can only so much traffic for your web site, after which you’ll require to update your holding. The reason being is that the usual web servers, are shared.
What this indicates is that one server can be servicing 2 or more sites, at the same time, one of which can be yours.
What does this mean for you?
It suggests that the single web server’s sources are shared, and it is doing several tasks at any type of given time. As soon as your site begins to strike 100,000 website gos to monthly, you are going to need a committed server which you can additionally obtain from Bluehost for a minimum of $79.99 monthly.
This is not something yous ought to bother with when you’re starting out yet you should keep it in mind for certain.
Bluehost Rates: Just How Much Does It Price?
In this Bluehost evaluation, I’ll be concentrating my focus primarily on the Bluehost WordPress Hosting plans, considering that it’s the most prominent one, and also highly likely the one that you’re searching for and that will fit you the most effective (unless you’re a substantial brand name, firm or site).
The 3 offered plans, are as complies with:
- Basic Strategy– $2.95 monthly/ $7.99 normal cost
- Plus Plan– $5.45 each month/ $10.99 normal cost
- Selection Plus Strategy– $5.45 monthly/ $14.99 normal cost
The very first rate you see is the price you pay upon subscribe, as well as the 2nd rate is what the expense is, after the first year of being with the business.
So generally, Bluehost is going to bill you on an annual basis. And you can additionally select the amount of years you intend to host your site on them with. Bluehost 4 Hosting Plans
If you select the Basic strategy, web site, you must approach will certainly save you $120 in the course of three years. It’s not much, yet it’s still something.
If you intend to obtain greater than one internet site (which I very advise, as well as if you’re major, you’ll most likely be getting more at some point in time) you’ll intend to take advantage of the selection plus strategy. It’ll enable you to host unlimited web sites.
Learn More About Bluehost 4 Hosting Plans Here ->
What Does Each Strategy Deal?
So, in the case of WordPress hosting plans (which resemble the shared hosting plans, yet are a lot more tailored towards WordPress, which is what we’ll be concentrating on) the features are as adheres to:
For the Fundamental plan, you obtain:
- One site just
- Secured internet site by means of SSL certification
- Maximum of 50GB of storage space
- Cost-free domain name for a year
- $ 200 advertising and marketing credit history
Remember that the domains are bought independently from the holding. You can obtain a free domain name with Bluehost here.
For both the Bluehost Plus hosting and also Choice Plus, you get the following:
- Limitless variety of web sites
- Free SSL Certification. Bluehost 4 Hosting Plans
- No storage space or data transfer restriction
- Totally free domain for one year
- $ 200 advertising debt
- 1 Workplace 365 Mailbox that is complimentary for thirty days
The Choice Plus strategy has an included advantage of Code Guard Basic Alternative, a back-up system where your file is saved and replicated. If any kind of crash happens and your site information disappears, you can recover it to its original type with this function.
Notification that even though both plans set you back the same, the Option Plan after that defaults to $14.99 monthly, regular rate, after the set quantity of years you’ve picked.
What Are The Advantages Of Using Bluehost
So, why choose Bluehost over other web hosting services? There are thousands of host, many of which are resellers, yet Bluehost is one choose couple of that have actually stood the test of time, and also it’s probably the most popular available (and completely reasons).
Here are the three main benefits of selecting Bluehost as your web hosting company:
- Server uptime— your site will certainly not show up if your host is down; Bluehost has more than 99% uptime. This is very important when it pertains to Google Search Engine Optimization and rankings. The greater the far better.
- Bluehost rate— just how your server response establishes how fast your site shows on a browser; Bluehost is lighting quick, which suggests you will minimize your bounce rate. Albeit not the very best when it pertains to packing rate it’s still extremely essential to have a quick speed, to make individual experience much better as well as far better your ranking.
- Unrestricted storage— if you get the And also strategy, you need not bother with how many files you save such as videos– your storage capability is limitless. This is really crucial, since you’ll probably encounter some storage space concerns later down the tracks, as well as you do not want this to be a hassle … ever.
Last but not least, client support is 24/7, which implies regardless of where you remain in the globe, you can speak to the assistance team to fix your web site concerns. Pretty common nowadays, however we’re taking this for provided … it’s additionally very essential. Bluehost 4 Hosting Plans
Also, if you’ve gotten a cost-free domain name with them, after that there will certainly be a $15.99 fee that will be subtracted from the quantity you initially acquired (I imagine this is since it sort of takes the “domain out of the marketplace”, not exactly sure concerning this, yet there probably is a hard-cost for registering it).
Finally, any type of requests after one month for a refund … are void (although in all honesty … they need to probably be rigorous below).
So as you see, this isn’t always a “no questions asked” policy, like with some of the other organizing alternatives available, so be sure you’re alright with the plans prior to continuing with the hosting.I have a very limited knowledge of Edgar Rice Burroughs’ original stories. I was only informed as such by my younger brother who is a diehard fan, so I can’t really tell you how faithful this film is to the source material.
What I can tell you, however, is that this film is definitely one worth seeing.
The story follows John Carter, played by Taylor Kitsch, a former confederate soldier who’s accidentally teleported to Mars, a planet that’s rich with its own history, its own bases of science, and a civil war that has been waged for centuries between the nations of Helium and Zodanga.
Despite the mild predictability of certain elements, the way it’s executed in this film is actually quite interesting.
First off, we don’t have all of Mars’s inhabitants speaking English right off the bat, which is something that was usually common to science fiction fantasy tales from Burroughs’ era.
It also doesn’t bog itself down with a whole bunch of exposition.
For a film that relies heavily on special effects, it does very interesting things with the live action cinematography and actually has its fair share of practical effects.
For example, when John Carter is adjusting to the lighter gravity of Mars, it doesn’t jump straight into CGI, instead opting for practical wirework, saving the CGI for the more “impressive feats.”
Even when it comes to interacting with the Tharks, the performances of the human characters come of as organic.
Another thing I didn’t expect is the subtle insertions of comedy. Instead of having openly comedic scenes like in other fantasy adventure films, this is more subdued, with responses feeling more organic and spontaneous.
Overall, this is a very enjoyable film, especially if you’re someone who grew up on things like Star Wars or Indiana Jones.
This is a film for kids and the kid at heart. On my personal scale, I give “John Carter” 5/5.Delivery Driver Positions Available Email us or PM on Instagram for more Information
Adding product to your cart
Our four warm oversized Apple Cobbler cookies are made to order in our commercial home kitchen. Cookie Crave bakes every order fresh every time. You’ll taste the difference with our secret recipe.Thigh lift surgery reshapes the thighs by reducing excess skin, and in some cases fat, resulting in smoother skin and better-proportioned contours of the thighs and lower body. It can be performed in combination with liposuction and other body lifts.
If fitness and weight loss efforts have not achieved your goals for a body that is firmer, more youthful-looking and more proportionate to your overall body image, a surgical lift may be right for you..
Additional Information
- Duration of operation: 1.5 hours
- Anaesthetic: General anaesthetic
- Hospital stay: 1 night
Recovery
- Driving: 2 weeks
- Back to work: 1 - 2 weeks
- Exercise: 8 weeks
I'm interested, what's the process?Atlas Copco's Power Technique business area provides air, power and flow solutions through products such as mobile compressors, pumps, light towers and generators, along with a number of complementary products. The business area offers speciality rental and provides service through a global network. Power Technique innovates for sustainable productivity in multiple industries including construction, manufacturing, oil and gas, and energy and events.
POWER GENERATORS: Whether you require a mobile generator or are looking for a stationary power source, we have the solution for your needs. Our standard models offer power from 1.6 to.Manchester United are close to finalizing deals that would bring French teenagers, Jeremy Helen and Darnel Situ to Old Trafford.
SkySports reckons that Jeremy Helen, a 15 year old left back who plays for Rennes, is one of the most sought after young talents in football. And Sir Alex Ferguson seems to have won the race for his signature after Helen’s agent reported that although nothing has been decided as of yet, she believes that ‘Manchester United offers the best career path” for her son.
The other French teenager who is close to moving to Old Trafford in Darnel Situ, captain of the French U16 national team. The 16 year old is currently contracted to RC Lens, but that may not be the case for long.
- Soccer News Like
- Be the first of your friends!
congratulation 2 the new european champion united 4ever pls we the fans need a deffender dat we help rio f in time of injury vidic we need ssome one like apostle schols up united long live sir alex ferguson long live c ronaldo thanks rowland 4united fans
i wnt more deffindersPeggy Cleveland
Olympic National Park in Washington is one of the crown jewels of the national park system. It has one of the most diverse ecosystems of all the parks. There are seven ecosystems, each distinctly different. You will find snow-covered mountains, old-growth rainforests, and over 70 miles of wild coast. This wilderness coast is one of the longest stretches in the continental U.S. It is truly wild with a treacherous shoreline and strong currents. Waves crash against a rocky coastline filled with sea stacks. The Olympic Peninsula has charming small towns along the coast and the Hood Canal, and the interior is Olympic National Park and the Olympic National Forest. It is over a 350-mile drive around the perimeter of the park. You can spend a week here and not even scratch the surface of all there is to see and do.
Hurricane Ridge
If you have ever watched the opening scenes to The Sound of Music, it is what comes to mind when you see the alpine-like meadows at the top of Hurricane Ridge. You have to time it just right to get the best views. Late afternoon the fog begins to roll in, so you will want to visit earlier in the day. On a clear day, you can see the surrounding ridges of the Olympic Mountains and across the Strait of Juan De Fuca, the Salish Sea’s outlet to the Pacific Ocean and Canada. The Cirque Rim trail is an easy, paved, .5-mile walk from the parking lot and is wheelchair accessible. Great views. You can access the Big Meadow trail, which is also paved and takes you through those Sound of Music meadows. For a slightly more strenuous hike, take the High Ridge trail, a .5-mile loop. Make sure to add the .1-mile dead-end spur trail to Sunrise Point for 360-degree views. The visitor center has a movie, snack bar, and a wonderful gift shop.
Peggy Cleveland
Olympic National Park Lodging
The park has a variety of lodging nestled in the most scenic areas of the park and forest. The grand Lake Quinault Lodge is located amidst a rainforest on grounds overlooking the lake. Built in 1926, this iconic hotel is the epitome of what you expect from a national park lodge. The Kalaloch Lodge is the only coastal lodging in the park and is perched on a bluff overlooking the Pacific Ocean. The Sol Duc Hot Springs Resort is surrounded by forests and is just steps from the hot spring pools. The historic Lake Crescent Lodge and Log Cabin Resort, built in 1915, is a turn-of-the-century resort. It looks out over the lovely Lake Crescent, surrounded by hemlock and fir trees, and the mountains come right to the water’s edge.
Pro Tip: Book a Quinault Rainforest Tour. This 4-hour tour brings you to the best photo spots in the Quinault rainforest. The knowledgeable guides will share the unique flora and fauna as well as the history of the area. Short walks from the tour bus will take you into the rainforest and a historic farm. Well worth the time.
Lake Crescent
You can’t miss seeing Lake Crescent as it is so large it dominates the terrain. It is a glacially-carved lake with crystal-clear waters due to the lack of nitrogen. When the light hits the lake just right, it shimmers with a blue-green color. A nice hike in this area is to Marymere Falls, which is a little less than 2 miles roundtrip. The trail meanders through an old-growth forest to the 90-foot waterfall. Even if you don’t stop, the drive along Hwy 101 around the lake is stunning.
Peggy Cleveland
Elwa Valley
The Elwa Valley is a wonderful example of environmental recovery due to one of the largest ecosystem restoration projects in National Park Service history. In the early 1900s, the Elwa watershed’s impressive salmon runs came to an end with the construction of two dams. It dramatically changed the ecosystem of the area. In September 2011, work began to remove the Elwa Dam with the Glines Canyon Dam removed in 2014. Once the Elwa River began flowing freely, the salmon returned. The Elwa Valley is rapidly reverting to its natural state, with vegetation and wildlife returning.
Unfortunately, portions of the road have washed out. Park at the Madison Falls trailhead and walk the wheelchair-accessible, paved, .1-mile trail to the 60-foot falls that tumble into a beautiful pool. You can still explore the Elwa Valley area along the Olympic Hot Springs road, but you must be on a bicycle or on foot. The gate is just beyond the Madison Falls parking lot. There are no visitor facilities beyond the gate, so pack in and out what you need. There is a bypass trail around the flood damage.
Pro Tip: The Elwa River Restoration Brochure has information on the national park’s visitor centers with exhibits about the Elwa River project and history. It also lists museums and sites in Port Angeles to learn more about this fascinating project.
Kalaloch
The Kalaloch area highlights the wide variety of habitats on this wild coast. Olympic National Park protects 64 miles of pristine coastline, while the Olympic Coast National Marine Sanctuary protects the marine environment and offshore islands. This area is teeming with life, from otters and fish foraging in the kelp beds to tufted puffins nesting on sea stacks and rocky outposts. At low tide, you can peer in tidepools searching for sea life.
The Tree of Life and its root cave are a unique freak of nature. It is located near the Kalaloch campground. Erosion has washed all the soil from the roots of this tree, and it appears to be floating in the air. With the harsh winds of the Pacific Coast, trees topple all the time, but somehow this one manages to survive.
Ruby Beach is the most popular in the park and draws the crowds to its unique sea stacks and ruby-colored sands. It is truly lovely, but it can get crowded. Along the same stretch of coastline are Beaches 1-4 and 6, each with its own parking lot. These will give you a similar experience.
Pro Tip: Visit the coast near sunset. The sun setting over the Pacific Ocean is something you will never forget. Truly epic.
Peggy Cleveland
Hoh Rain Forest
This is a bit of a detour from Highway 101 to the Hoh Rain Forest, but so worth it. The drive in from the coast is 18 miles each way and parallels the Hoh River. The terrain changes dramatically from farmland to rainforest once you enter the park. This pristine wilderness looks much the same as it did 5,000 years ago. Almost 12 feet of rainfall each year helps create a lush forest filled with ferns and moss-covered trees. People tend to be chatty, but even the most vocal come to a stunned silence when they hike the Hall of Mosses Trail and enter the moss-draped maple grove. I can only describe it as nature’s cathedral. It is an unforgettable experience.
There are a variety of trails available from the Hoh Rain Forest Visitor Center. For first-timers, the Hall of Mosses trail is an easy .8-mile loop with just a 100-foot elevation gain, but it is at one point, so it feels rather steep but then levels off. The Spruce Nature Trail is a 1.2-mile loop. This trail passes through old and new growth forests. Then, you pass by the Hoh River, which has great views of the river and mountains. The trail then follows the crystal clear spring-fed Taft Creek to return near the visitor center. The two trails are easy to combine for a nice 2-mile hike which is not too strenuous. For those with mobility issues, the visitor center is surrounded by old-growth trees and a .1-mile flat and paved mini-trail.
Pro Tip: Make sure to gas up. The nearest gas station is in Forks, 31 miles away.
Peggy Cleveland
Rialto Beach
Rialto Beach and the Mora area of Olympic National Park is another area of the park you will need to drive over 50 extra miles each way from Highway 101 to get to, but it’s totally worth it. This is one of the wildest beaches in the country. Crashing waves pummel the shoreline with its towering sea stacks and the giant drift log strewn beach. You want to time your visit to get here about an hour and a half before low tide so that you can hike down to the Hole in the Wall and explore the tidepools. Make sure to check a tide chart so that you don’t get caught during high tide. This area is not suitable for those with mobility issues. The hike was a lot more challenging than I expected due to the rocky beach. You will walk on shifting stones, or if you get closer to the water, you will walk on very soft, rocky sand. It is tough-going, and then halfway there, you find a small stream that requires logs to get across in the spring. In the warmer summer months, you can just walk across.
The Mora area is filled with towering trees but what makes it distinctive for a forest hike is the roar of the Pacific Ocean. The James Pond Trail will take you through the forest in a .3-mile loop to the pond. The Slough Trail is .9 mile and leads to the Quillayute River.
This gives you a glimpse of the many experiences you can enjoy while visiting the Olympic National Park. The park is so vast I am always finding something new to do each time I visit.
Pro Tip: See some big trees. Olympic National Park is filled with huge trees, many of them record-breaking. Some are easy to get to, such as the world’s largest Sitka Spruce Tree located in the Lake Quinault area. Others require long hikes to access gargantuan trees.
Related Articles:On March 10, a funeral was held for Siona Hernandeza, one of the girls who died in the fire at the Virgen de Asuncion shelter, at her grandmother’s home in Guatemala City [Reuters/Saul Martinez].
Source: Al jazeeraHowever, there was more to the incident than it appeared on screen.
While Ash was the one who was unwell, it was actually Stacey who forced the engaged pair to exit the competition.
"I’m quite competitive and I didn’t want to be rallied out like that.
"I was really disappointed and I didn’t want to leave like that."
Stacey adds: "Ash is the most competitive person I know. So that was massive for him to actually listen to me."
Most upset by their departure were good friends, Perth siblings Amanda and Blake.
"There were still a lot of tears, especially Amanda and Blake, because we hit it off with them so well," Ash explains.
"It was sad to leave a lot of the competitors. Andy and Ruby we really got along with and there were a lot of people we got a lot with. So it was sad to go.
"I think everyone wanted to see each other in a way to the best and not go out that way. "
One team Stacey and Ash weren't sad to say goodbye to were arch rivals Josh and Austin, who giggled at hearing the news of their exit while others shed a tear.
"We don’t really care about them at all," Ash says.
"They’re just doing their own thing. They’re just in their own bubble. So we’ll just let them be in their bubble."
For more reality TV goss, listen to the newest episode of reality TV podcast Real Talk with Holly & Ali below.Mulberry Emmy Bag
Posted on February 16th, 2008 by Lucy
Mulberry Emmy Bag was thought to be the IT bag of 2006. But it didn’t come out big eventually. The design is impressive, but it is not that user-friendly. It is difficult to take out things plus it is not comfortable if you carry it over your shoulder because the bottom is too wide.
Kate Moss with the black Mulberry Emmy bag
A replica I found. The leather pattern on this bag looks very similar to the real bag. But remember, the real darwin leather on emmy bag is very soft and vintage.
From this photo, you can see the leather of a fake emmy is quite stiff because permanent folds like this will only appear in stiff leather.
Discussion Area - Leave a CommentAirports in Guinea map vector is a file editable with Adobe Illustrator or InkScape. You can download SVG, PNG and JPG files.
This lossless scalable map of airports in Guinea is ideal for websites, printing and presentations related to flights.
The map of Guinea showing international airports offers a list of the major airports and where they are located in the country.The man who has given birth three times: With their broad smiles, the Beaties look like any normal, happy family. Nothing could be further from the truth... come..The Question
I joined a technology startup six years ago in a management position. At the time, the expectation of the founder and senior executives was that we would build up the company and sell it to a strategic buyer within five years. Personally, I would enjoy a nice financial gain from my shares and options that would about double my own retirement savings, enabling me to retire at age 55 (which I turned last year).
For various reasons, both internal and external, things have not moved as quickly as expected and I think an exit is still at least two years away. And there's still a risk that it won't happen. I enjoy my job but I'm wondering if I should go somewhere else where they can pay me full market value and work until I'm 60, so I have enough money put away to retire without relying on the financial windfall?
The First Answer
Colleen Clarke
Corporate trainer and career specialist, Toronto
The best laid plans of mice and men. Whether the cost of working the last six years at two-thirds of your market value has been worth it or not is a moot point; the last six years are over. The question is how to make the most of your remaining work years.
You have a couple of options, and since money seems to be the motivator to go or stay, you need more variables. You could start looking around for another job, check out the marketplace, see how saleable you are. If a dream position presents itself at the rate of pay you require, then you have more factors to consider as you make your decision.
Nothing is for sure, and a new position doesn't guarantee you a job for five years any more than your present company may find a buyer in two years. It is really a matter of the devil you know and the devil you don't know.
Make a list of pros and cons for both options – staying and going. Which side gets more points? Put a value on each point. Add up the points on each side and examine how you feel and think about the answer.
If I were to tell you "Get a new job," how does that make you feel? If I tell you "Stay where you are," how does that make you feel? You need more variables to make this decision.
The Second Answer
Rachel Weinstein
Executive coach, Toronto
Will the past six years be worth it in the end? Look at it this way: You've spent them at a job you enjoy (you must know this is not a small thing – just survey your friends) with your eye on a best-case scenario that made your work exciting. Sounds like that in itself had worth, and I hope you can take credit for granting yourself the experience. I know you want the story to end with fireworks and celebration. But as you've witnessed, it's impossible to accurately predict the future; there's always an element of gambling.
Quick: If you promise yourself to abide by my "stay" or "go" recommendation, what do you secretly hope my answer will be?
Go with that one. Because my gut instinct is that you have a gut instinct. Not about the business outcome, but about the right move for you. The decision that will allow you to sleep at night is the one that best aligns with your personal values. If you're the type to say, "What's life without taking chances?" you are clearly an adventure-seeker who will have a hard time forgiving yourself if you leave and the company is sold.
On the other hand, if you're known to say, "Whatever happens, I'd rather be sure," then predictability is important to you and it's likely time to find a full-paying job and plan the details of your retirement at age 60.
After navigating through ambiguous circumstances like yours, I have heard both disappointed and delighted people tell me, "What can I say? I went with my gut." I've never heard any of them say, "I shouldn't have trusted my instincts.".Katie
home grown
Good morning from a very spring like Buckinghamshire!
Since my last Blog Post I have been busy planning my garden for this years plants and flowers.I am very fortunate to have a third of an acre to grow flowers. It gives me alot of options for planting a variety of colourful borders and this year is the first year Im really thinking about it carefully so I can grow a flower garden that will produce all year round. Im very much a fan of the old fashioned varieties. I love creating a garden similar to my Grandmothers full of scent and colour. But suitable for picking and drying. You will see in my creations a very similar style and look through out. Creating a very classic english garden look. My favourites without a doubt are Mop Head Hydrangeas! Lovely to work with and come in a wide range of colours.Hydrangeas have just started appearing in local florists and shops but for drying they will not be suitable until the end of the year.
Did you know?...
Hydrangeas change colour (except for the white ones) based on the pH level of their soil. The more alkaline the soil, the pinker the flowers. To make pink hydrangeas turn blue (or to keep your blue ones from turning pink), increase the acidity of soil!
Book and Go
Getting around Zagreb
Zagreb is served by an extensive network of buses and trams which are operated by Zagreb Municipal Transit System (ZET) (tel: 385 72 500 400;). The city centre is compact and manageable on foot, but to reach the outlying suburbs, public transport is necessary.
Regular bus and tram services operate through the day; at night, services are few and far between. Tickets, which are valid for 90 minutes in any direction, should be stamped upon boarding using the validation boxes. You can buy them either from a kiosk or, at a slightly higher price, from the driver. One-day tickets are also available.
The Zagreb Card (zagrebcard.com) offers 24 or 72 hours of unlimited travel on city public transport (including its famous funicular), free entry to four museums as well as discounts at numerous museums, galleries, attractions, restaurants, shops, nightclubs and car hire.
Zagreb’s short funicular trundles up and down between Gornji grad and Donji grad every 10 minutes from 0630 to 2200.
Taxis in Zagreb are relatively cheap for a European capital city. There are taxi ranks outside the train and bus stations, near the main square and in front of the larger hotels.
Recommended firms include Radio Taxi (tel: 1717 in Croatia only; radiotaxizagreb.com), Ekotaxi (tel: +385 60 77 77;) and Taxi Cammeo (tel: +385 1 1212;). All three companies have mobile apps for iOS and Android. Tipping is not expected beyond rounding up the fare. Alternatively, you can book a taxi via Uber.
Zagreb is quite easy to drive around – the roads are wide and parking is ample and cheap. Street parking is relatively easy to find, though spaces can be harder to find in the post-work rush hour (1700-1900). Watch out for trams, and don’t be tempted to park illegally as fines are heavy and your car can be towed away.
Car hire companies in Zagreb include Budget (tel: +385 1 4673 638 outside Croatia;), Dollar and Thrifty (tel: +385 21 399 000;), Hertz (tel: +385 7272 7277;) and Sixt (tel: +385 1 6651 599;).
The centre of Zagreb is flat and makes cycling easy, but the steep and cobbled streets of Gornji grad can be hard work. Bicycle hire is available from Bicikli Zoric (tel: +385 98 774 574;). Blue Bike (tel: +385 98 188 3344;) rents bikes and runs group bike tours of the city. Nextbike (tel: +385 1 777 6534;) runs the city's small bikeshare scheme. Nextbike does not operate during the winter season.
Do you have any Feedback about this page?
© 2021 Columbus Travel Media Ltd. All rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced without our written permission, click here for information on Columbus Content Solutions.” have started the repairs to the trailer. First we focused on the back bedroom and started with the water damage in the ceiling…we found some critters had been making their home in the rafters. We put out traps and battled the wasp nest… Continue Reading “Peeling Away The Walls””
A… Continue Reading “Soon She Will Be Bright As A New Penny””10014 - C - Vintage Collector's Plate - "Rusian & Ludmilla" - 1988 - Made in Russia
10014 - C - Vintage Collector's Plate - "Rusian & Ludmilla" - 1988 - Made in Russia - Bradex #60-V25-1.1, Plate #8643AB - Porcelain Plate - limited edition to 195 firing days. In box - 8" plate - Includes Certificate of Authenticity.That’s right, author Michael H. Hanson has a short story in this terrifying anthology!
The 99 Tiny Terrors anthology Kickstarter will begin on Tuesday the 19th and end on Sunday the 31st.…/99-tiny-terrors-an-anthology
—, Michael H. Hanson and more.
“99 TINY TERRORS is an absolutely wild ride through some truly weird territory. Fast, freaky, furious, and fun! Highly recommended!” — Jonathan Maberry, NY Times bestselling author of INK and V-WARSNow streaming on:
"Amira & Sam" tells the "unlikely" story of the romance between a United States Army Special Forces vet who served in Iraq and an undocumented immigrant from that country. What's important here is that writer/director Sean Mullin (his feature debut) keeps quotation marks around the perceived "unlikeliness" of their romance. There is ultimately nothing strange or conflicted about their connection. It develops at its own, natural pace. It's simply the story of two people who learn about each other's life and interests, and out of that, mutual affection grows.
There are kinks in its progression, of course. Sam (Martin Starr) and Amira (Dina Shihabi) have a rough start upon their first meeting. He's visiting Amira's uncle Bassam (Laith Nakli), who served as a translator for Sam's unit in Iraq and whom Sam saved during an ambush. Amira's brother was killed in the crossfire during a different attack, and she sees Sam as just another American soldier who, in her mind, is as responsible for her brother's death as the soldiers who were there that day.
It's a pretty big hurdle, but Mullin sees personal connections as indeterminable feelings that go beyond politics and history. Bassam explains how Sam saved his life, upheld a promise to see him again, and presented him with the star from a burnt American flag he tried to save during the firefight. Whatever prejudices Amira previously had slowly dissipate—at least for this man—as she starts to learn that he's not representative of American foreign policy or the soldiers who couldn't protect her brother. He's just a decent guy.
With her internal obstacles to overcome, Amira is the more intriguing part of the pair, although Mullin's screenplay is far more interested in Sam. His problems are entirely external and more than a bit contrived.
They begin honestly enough. Sam is fired from a security job at an apartment building after locking a group of disrespectful, drunk residents in an elevator. His cousin Charlie (Paul Wesley), a hedge fund manager who helped him get the job, offers Sam a chance to woo a prospective investor—a Vietnam vet named Jack (David Rasche)—with the promise of a hefty commission if the multimillion-dollar deal goes well. The movie is set during the summer of 2008, mere months before the financial crisis. As one would expect with such a loaded setting, there is an obvious aura of corruption in this subplot.
All of the things Mullin avoids in the romance between Sam and Amira are present in these scenes—the heavy-handed political statements (Jack decries the "cesspool of self-interest" that is the American economic system), the transparent use of characters to represent concepts instead of existing as actual people (Charlie says he's merely a "prisoner" of free-market capitalism), and an overall sense that Mullin wants to say something Important. The romance itself seems rife with opportunities to do something similar. After all, Sam and Amira are forced into close quarters after she is arrested for selling bootleg DVDs and flees a police officer, which leads to her going into hiding to avoid deportation. Whatever Mullin could or may want to say about the politics of this issue is left off the table. It's merely a plot point. If we want to connect the movie and a critique of immigration policy, that is entirely on us.
Their story is better for the absence of sweeping political declarations. It's uncomfortable but tender in the way of any burgeoning romance. The two characters talk as if there isn't a cloud of impending doom hanging over them. It culminates in a scene in which the two—both of them stubbornly wanting to sleep on the floor—share the bed in Sam's studio apartment. It's pillow talk but without the sex. They laugh, share some secret information about their lives (Sam wants to become a stand-up comedian, and Amira says or jokes that she likes to punch people who deserve it), and test out the waters of getting physical with each other (which turns into each playfully licking the other's cheek).
Almost the entirety of their relationship feels as unencumbered with petty, artificial conflict as the characters are in that scene. Mullin's only obvious attempt to address the social and ethnic distinctions between these characters comes during a late scene at Charlie's engagement party, where the characters encounter an onslaught of casual and blatant bigotry. A random woman asks Amira, referring to her hijab, "Do they make you wear that thing?" One of Charlie's co-workers (Ross Marquand) thinks she looks like Aladdin's girlfriend. Sam's uncle (Mark Elliot Wilson) goes on a rant linking all Arabs to the attacks on Sept. 11, 2001. Of course, this aspect of their relationship, sadly, needs to be addressed, but it comes so late and with such bluntness that it feels forced.
There's just enough of that feeling throughout the movie to undermine the more natural elements of the love story. That's especially true of the subplot of Sam's professional involvement with Charlie, which takes up so much of the movie that Amira and what she's facing seem like an afterthought. When the eponymous couple is together, "Amira & Sam" is an earnest and considerate examination of two people falling in love, but the movie lacks certainty when handling these characters separately..
90 minutes
Martin Starr as Sam
Dina Shihabi as Amira1 always used before a noun : happening by chance : not planned or expected
a casual encounter on the sidewalk
2 (more casual; most casual) : designed for or permitting ordinary dress, behavior, etc. : not formal
casual clothes
a casual restaurant
The atmosphere at the meeting was quite casual.
Note: Casual days are days (such as casual Fridays) when a company allows workers to dress in casual clothes.
3 a (more casual; most casual) : done without much thought, effort, or concern
She takes a casual (=nonchalant) approach to her homework.
He made a casual remark about her shoes.
3 b (more casual; most casual) : not involving a close or serious relationship
They are only casual acquaintances. (=they know each other but not very well)
Their relationship was casual.
3 c (more casual; most casual) : having some interest but not a lot : not serious
He’s a casual sports fan.
4 : happening at certain times but not on a regular basis
She found only casual work.
— casually adjective
I looked casually down at my watch
He was dressed casually in jeans and a sweatshirt.
— casualness noun (noncount)Locust Projects is pleased to present Larval Acceleration, the first collaboration between Israeli husband-and-wife duo Rotem Tamir and Omri Zin. Provoked by the repetitive choreography of motors and other kinds of autonomous systems, the artists will power two self-contained, modular factories with their own movements, transforming Locust Projects into a playground for production.
Rotem Tamir’s factory produces latex, helium-filled balloons in an array of shapes and colors. Housed in a magnetic box that is unfolded and re-folded by Tamir to access different equipment, this factory is in a continual state of transformation throughout the stages of the balloon-making process. Using a series of glass molds in organic shapes, the artist produces latex sleeves which are filled with helium and tied off, creating the illusion of organs, animal bladders, and other biological forms floating around the space. Only capable of holding helium for a maximum of 24 hours, these balloons rise, float, and then slowly descend to the ground at the end of their lifespan, collecting on the gallery floor.
Omri Zin’s factory manufactures a byproduct as its primary inventory, rendering an industrial sludge from a secret recipe including animal fat. Zin prepares the black grease on a motorized, mobile laboratory that he rides around the space; the unit pumps the mixture over a patch of floor as it rides past, building the sludge over time and progressively inhibiting the maneuvering of the vehicle. The dark muck parallels the often dangerous byproducts and waste materials produced in modern manufacturing practices, where Zin parodies the process in this exercise by creating his mobile factory’s own means of obstruction.
The artists’ parallel performances are durational, looping over a two-week period during which their accumulated products will fill and layer themselves across the gallery. Participating jointly in conversation, elements from each performance will overlap and intervene with the other as Tamir and Zin dialogue through their specialized tasks. In many ways, Larval Acceleration contends with philosopher Levi R. Bryant’s pan-mechanism, a theory of interactions where the body performs as a component or extension of machines and machinic systems. Every relationship, network or routine to which individuals belong is machine, and every person is a unit of functionality; a cog in the execution of that system’s goals. Within factories or other organizations of labor, the body is regulated to a strict choreography of movements which manipulate apparatus, process materials and assemble products to the end goals of commerce. Here, Tamir and Zin self-regulate their behavior across a series of repetitive tasks, bending their own bodies to adhere to the distinct working conditions at each step of their manufacturing processes.
Larval Acceleration is supported by the Artis Grant Program.
ABOUT THE ARTISTS
Rotem Tamir (b. 1981, Haifa, Israel) is a sculptor and currently serves as Visiting Assistant Professor of sculpture at Florida State University. Previously, she was Visiting Assistant Professor of sculpture at the University of Florida. Her work has been exhibited at venues including the Harn Museum, Gainesville, FL; Kav 16 Community Gallery for Contemporary Art, Tel Aviv; BCA Center, Burlington, VT; and Artists’ House, Tel Aviv, among others. Tamir earned her MFA in Sculpture+Extended Media from Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA; and her BFA from Bezalel Academy for Arts and Design, Jerusalem, Israel. Tamir lives and works in Tallahassee, FL.
Omri Zin (b. 1979, Haifa, Israel) works in sculpture and recently served as Adjunct Professor in the School of Art and Art History, University of Florida. His work has been exhibited at the Virginia Museum of Contemporary Art, Virginia Beach, VA; Herzliya Museum of Contemporary Art, Herzliya, Israel; Gallery Protocol, Gainesville, FL; and Depot Gallery, Richmond, VA, among others. Zin earned his MFA in Sculpture+Extended Media from Virginia Commonwealth University, Richmond, VA; and his BFA from Bezalel Academy for Arts and Design, Jerusalem, Israel. He currently lives and works in Tallahassee,Search Constraints
You searched for: Geographic Names Spruce Street (Morgantown, W. Va.) Remove constraint Geographic Names: Spruce - 2 of 2Carol Howells, senior lecturer in law with The OU Law School, writes:
It is with great sadness that the death of Professor Gary Slapper is announced. Gary first joined the OU in 1997 and was instrumental in the founding of the OU Law School and the UK’s first taught distance law degree (offered jointly in partnership with the then College of Law). He became the OU’s first Professor of Law giving his inaugural lecture ‘Yes, but is it legal? The pervasion of law as a golden measuring rod’ in February 2004.
His passion for widening access to legal study, law and social justice were well known and reflected in his wide and varied publications. His column in the Times delighted many and his vast collection of stories and legal anecdotes informed and amused generations of law students. His book on the English Legal System written with David Kelly informed and educated generations of law students fast becoming a leading text on the subject and one of the books found on every law student’s bookshelf. He was always delighted to meet and spend time with students and Associate Lecturers often going the extra mile with advice and encouragement.
Under Gary’s leadership the OU Law School grew from a team of one to become a great success proving that law could be successfully taught at a distance. Making the study of law accessible to a new and wide ranging audience the programme soon became the largest taught distance programme in the UK. His work in the media raised the profile of law at the OU and engaged new audiences through the partnership with the BBC in series such as ‘The Barristers’.
The law programme at the OU also challenged and influenced the sector in rethinking legal education. Gary played an instrumental role in this. He is remembered fondly by colleagues as someone who was ‘one of those very rare people who light up the room when they enter it and immediately make your day better, more fun and more interesting.’ His sense of fun, storytelling abilities alongside his in-depth academic commentary and passion for justice were missed by all the team when he left the OU in 2011.
Gary’s legacy is reflected in both the LLM and new LLB programmes here at the OU. Designed to engage, inform and challenge they reflect a passion for social justice and widening access to law. He will be sadly missed by all those that knew and worked with him and our thoughts go to his wife Suzanne and daughters Hannah, Emily and Charlotte.
The OpenLearn Team add:
The news was announced by The Times Law Twitter stream - where he was a popular columnist:
All @thetimes very sad to learn of the untimely death of our columnist @garyslapper. A huge loss - a lover of law's curiosities & people.
— Times Law (@TimesLaw) December 5, 2016
He contributed greatly to the life of the university, and was a supporter of the work we did in the Open Media team. First at Open2.net, and then in the more recent incarnation as OpenLearn. Although, as I recall, he wasn't keen on being filmed out of doors. His kindness, willingness to suggest ideas and share contacts, and interest in helping spread knowledge as widely as possible was inspiring. As an academic, he had the rare knack of being able to take his subject lightly when appropriate and seriously when it was.When George H.W. Bush's funeral is and how you can watch
The nation continues to mourn the death of former president George H.W. Bush with a week of ceremonies celebrating the life of the 41st president, including a Wednesday morning funeral in Washington D.C.
Bush died Friday at the age of 94.
George H.W. Bush funeral service schedule
The slate of events began Monday when Bush's remains were flown from Ellington Field in Houston to the Joint Base Andrews military facility in Maryland.
After a pair of arrival ceremonies, the public will be able to pay respects at the U.S. Capitol Rotunda in Washington from 7:30 p.m. Monday to 7 a.m. Wednesday.
TV shakeup in Indy?:Tribune Media sale: Owner of WISH-TV to purchase parent company of Fox59, CBS4 for $4.1B
Lost money still unclaimed:Fishers police looking to return a 'bundle of cash' with 'unique characteristics'
A state funeral service will begin 11 a.m. Wednesday at the Washington National Cathedral. Bush will then be flown to Houston for a funeral service at St. Martin’s Episcopal Church beginning at 10 a.m. Thursday.
Bush will be privately buried on Thursday in a family plot behind the George H.W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum at Texas A&M University, alongside his wife and former first lady, Barbara, and daughter Robin
George H.W. Bush's funeral services TV channels and live streams
C-Span is broadcasting all of the departure and arrival ceremonies for Bush. The next event to air will be Bush's arrival at Joint Base Andrew at 3:30 p.m. Monday, followed by his arrival at the Capitol at 4:45 p.m. Monday.
At 7 p.m. Monday, C-Span will begin its coverage of Bush at rest in the Capitol Rotunda. The network will also broadcast the state funeral on Wednesday. The Thursday funeral in Houston is not set to air.
USA Today will be live streaming the state funeral on its YouTube page.
In addition, CBS, NBC, MSNBC, CNN and Fox News have all announced plans to broadcast the service live online and on television. Check your local listings for more information.
You can view C-Span's complete schedule here.
Call IndyStar reporter Justin L. Mack at 317-444-6138. Follow him on Twitter: @justinlmackHortense Jewelry Top Coupons & Promo Codes
- All Coupons (3)
- Coupon Codes (3)
- Special Deals (0)
-
-
-
-
-
- 20% OFF
On Sale!
For today time only, hortensejewelry.com is offering bargains at never-before-seen prices. For a limited time only.
Sell More Cassingram.com Coupon CodesGet CodeYoutube16
- 10% OFF
get an extra 10% off (sitewide) at shopfelixgray.com
Enjoy big savings at hortensejewelry.com today! Thank you for shopping with us.
Sell More Shopfelixgray Coupon CodesGet CodeGETSLEEP
- 35% OFF
Save 35% Off w/ Discount Code
No hortensejewelry.com coupon code necessary to get great deals. This price is at its lowest ever.
Sell More Maybooks.com Coupon CodesGet CodeAGENDA14
- 24% OFF
up to 24% off just love gold necklace w/code
You can't miss such a great deal at hortensejewelry.com. For the ultimate shopping experience, look no further.
Sell More Candere Coupon CodesGet CodeMAKING55
- 20% OFF
20% off your order
Grab up your favorite items at hortensejewelry.com before this great sale ends. Sale for today only.
Sell More Mica Beauty Cosmetics Coupon CodesGet CodeMB20
- 20% OFF
free engraving on store-wide. exclusions: engraving a text so that the coupon can work.
Grab up your favorite items with hortensejewelry.com coupon code the deal expires. Take action and make an excellent deal now.
Sell More Helen Ficalora Coupon CodesGet CodePERSONALIZED
Other Popular Coupons
Hortense Jewelryortense Jewelry
It's a real pain to have to search for physical coupons, cut them out and tote them around in your purse or wallet until you visit the store. When you find the right promotional code for hortensejewelortense Jewelry Social Media Links
Find yourself and your favorites, following this brand on various social media channels. On Twitter, Facebook, google. hortensejewelortense Jewelry Coupon Codes
Choose your favorite product and add to your shopping cart. Second, copy and paste the hortensejewelortensejewelry.com is the best online destination to shop for.Soave Classico DOC Rocca Sveva
« Rocca Sveva »
Classic sweet with a bright straw yellow color, a floral-fruity scent with delicate notes of white fruit, apple in particular..
Classic sweet with a bright straw yellow color, a floral-fruity scent with delicate notes of white fruit, apple in particular.
Brilliant straw yellow color. Citrus bouquet of cedar, citrus peel, mandarin, which opens slowly towards almost tropical hints of pineapple. Orange blossom and broom flowers bloom. Touches of peppermint and nettle punctuate scents reminiscent of stone.
Wine with an intense ruby red color, dark and deep color from which the name derives. On the nose there are hints of small black fruits, dog rose, spices and rhubarb. The flavor is round, full-bodied and well balanced, with a pleasant note of blueberry and black currant jam. Excellent with red...
Wine with a deep straw yellow color with golden hues, with an elegant fruity aroma of Stark apple and quince, fresh almond, sage, with floral notes of acacia and elegant toasted vanilla.
The manually harvested grapes are left to macerate for about 15 days. After racking, the maturation takes place in large oak barrels for at least 10 months. Refinement in the bottle follows
Fresh from the vintage Valpolicella Superiore is “passed over” on the pomace of Amarone. There is then a second maceration / fermentation of about 8-10 days. After racking, the ripasso wine continues its aging for 30% in barrique and for 70% in oak barrels for 12 - 18 months
The hand-picked grapes are left to dry for at least 3 months. The must-wine ends the fermentation in steel containers. After aging in large oak barrels for at least 24 months, it is refined in the bottleWtoo Aquila 19104
US$870
- — Shipping
- £650 Total (GBP)
Size
Measurements
Designer
The Dress
An illusion jewel neckline edged with Deryn trim tops the sweetheart bodice with an inverted V-waistline of this sleeveless bridal dress. This slim fitting gown is styled in soft netting over ivory stretch satin and is embellished with delicately beaded lace appliques. Illusion straps frame the cutout back and a softly scalloped hemline completes the skirt and puddle train.
This dress has been cleaned and has had no alterations done to it.
International shipping available, please just message me for a quote :)
Details
- Condition: Sample
- Color family: Other
- Fabric: Lace
- Year: 2017
>The quest of the national Beach Soccer team, the Black Sharks to win a continental laurel in their second appearance at the CAF beach soccer tournament will be put to test when the team come off against former champions Ivory Coast in the open group A fixture on the 13th of December in Lagos.
The financially ailing Sharks made it to the tournament after a convincing two-legged victory over the Harambee Stars of Kenya.
The Sharks who are yet to start training for the tournament will be hoping to put up a better performance than they did in their maiden edition as the seek to come out of a group that has host nation Nigeria and North African highest ranked side, Egypt and powerhouse Ivory Coast.
To have a realistic chance of making it to the semi final of the 8-team tournament, the Black Sharks would have to overcome the challenges of Ivory Coast (13th December) Egypt (14th December) before squaring it off with hosts Nigeria 24 hours later.
The Black Shark who would be regarded as underdogs in the group will be hoping to upset the big boys to secure a ticket to the 2017 Beach Soccer Cup in the Bahamas.
The format for the AFCON is such that the round robbin group winners and runners-up advance to the semi finals where the two winners from the semis will qualify for the World cup.
Formed in 2013, the Sharks have done incredibly well to merit a 7th position in Africa and 47th worldwide. There will be huge pressure on Ghana to excel after an impressive debut tournament in Seychelles.Even though the best CBD for pets is produced using the cannabis plant, it does not contain any THC. Let's closer look at CBD oil for pets. CBD after workout Serbia ? Click here and visit our Online Shop! Read our complete Koi CBD review, where you can find a unique discount code to use on any of their products! Where to buy CBD oil online is usually asked question. Here we suggest choosing the best CBD oil products review. Every offered company will please customers with discount code, free shipping, legal products, and save delivery.Hello world! – Oman Green Ready Mix LLC – الشركة…ogreadymix.com/hello-worldnuleaf cbd buy cbd new york justcbd Cannabidiol (CBD Oil) is a popular natural remedy used for many commondiseases. More commonly known as CBD, it is one of the 104 chemicalcompounds known
Cbd from Nuleaf Naturals keeps getting me high! : CBD - reddit
Trying to figure out how to buy CBD oil? NuLeaf Naturals is one of the pioneers in premium quality CBD Oil and is now available in select stores in Castle Rock including Mountain Man Nut & Fruit Co, Castle Rock Bike & Ski, and Sprouts. Read our full review. NuLeaf Naturals Organic Full Spectrum CBD oil is the highest quality CBD oil Our wellness products are derived from specially bred therapeutic hemp. In case you are an individual who sometimes makes use of CBD products to deal with a medical situation, you should use only the best products to obtain the utmost benefits. I have turn out to be a loyal CBD user after I began utilizing…
We stated there was just one product available from NuLeaf Naturals, so why are we listing two totally different CBD oils?
NuLeaf Naturals is another seasoned manufacturer, but unlike Royal CBD and CBDistillery, it only makes full-spectrum CBD oil drops. We've come up with 15 best CBD oils on the market along with a few great tips and a detailed review on how to choose the right one for you. NuLeaf Naturals offers products with varying concentrations, from mg to 4, mg, all of which contain a full spectrum of synergistic cannabinoids and terpenes. Solar powered or cable charging Incredible audio performance Waterproof, dustproof, shockproof Bluetooth connection Portable and lightweight With so many different CBD brands on the market, it can be challenging to decide what would be the best option for your specific need.
NuLeaf Naturals Reviews by Real Users [Updated 2020] - CBD.Partners
We at the Unique Hotels want you to have a great stay in our hotels. That is why we have our great
partners who are helping us to provide a service which is unique and full of different possibilities.
Our partners
Estravel
Estravel is the largest travel agency in Estonia and the Baltic countries and has been active on the tourism market since 1988.
ViaHansa
Via Hansa & Borealis is a leading tour operator, destination management company and hospitality service provider in a vast geographical area.
Eckerö Line
Eckerö Line is the only shipping company whose vessel m/s Finlandia operates on the Finnish Gulf from Helsinki to Tallinn and is sailing under Finnish flag.
Baltic Tours is a travel agency and incoming tour operator in Estonia managing leisure and business travel.
Reisiekspert
Reisiekspert is an Estonian travel agency which is offering all inclusive travel services and also conference services.
Carlson Wagonlit Travel
Carlson Wagonlit Travel is a company managing business travel, meetings and events for companies, governments and non-governmental organizations.
Telia
Telia Eesti AS is one of the largest telecommunication companies in the Baltic states and member of Telia Company.
Seaplane Harbour
The Seaplane Harbour accommodates one of Europe’s grandest maritime museums.Art Walk
Through Art Walk, we bring joy, colour, and the magic of play to numerous families and diverse neighbourhoods across the city of Toronto. This project began as a community initiative and a way to share the talents of MUSE Arts’ community artists with the kids in our neighbourhood who had been impacted by the experience of COVID-19, having to distance themselves from families and friends. By bringing a bit of colour to their doorstep, we promoted fun and safe outdoor activities and the right to play as a fundamental pillar for the development of healthy communities. Our sidewalk art installations may be temporary, but the moments of fun and engagement, the smiles of the children who interact with them, and the joy expressed by the community members who enjoy our installations are much more permanent.
This project was created by Paola Gomez and Alex Usquiano/MUSE Arts.The realm of rock 'n' roll (despite its many liberating attributes) is also, alas, a notoriously sexist one -- a place always vastly outnumbered females as active players and where an exclusionary "boys' club" environment has often allowed for everything from misogynistic lyrics about girlfriends, to unwarranted jokes about women musicians' skill levels, to the maltreatment of certain fans ("groupies"). However, any notion that all female rockers are merely a cute sideshow -- e.g. 1960s American bands like: the Angels,Bedwells, the Blondettes, Candy and the Kisses, the Charmettes, the Cherries, the Cheese Cakes, the Darlings, the Dolls, the Kittens, the Pets, the Pin-Ups, the Playmates, the Poni-Tails, the Pristines, the Surf Bunnies, the Sweets, the Tiaras, the Trinkets, and the Yum Yums -- to the real deal, is woefully misguided.
RETURN TO SHINE MUSIC MAGAZINE
Tuesday, April 9, 2013
How The Grunge Girl Was Born:The First 50 Years of Northwest Female Singers 1957-2007
Haven't you ever wondered whats in the water in the Northwest that makes young girls break their parents hearts by becoming performers instead of going to college? And what the real history is regarding female performers and just how did the Seattle scene get to be so awsome? The charmed life of the women who followed their dreams is a complicated and intricate story with many stories woven in between.The molecular phylogeny of Miliusa (Annonaceae) is reconstructed, with 27 (of ca. 50) species included, using a combination of seven plastid markers (rbcL exon, trnL intron, trnL-F spacer, matK exon, ndhF exon, psbA-trnH spacer, and ycf1 exon) constituting ca. 7 kb. In addition, two new species of Miliusa are described from the Malesian area: M. butonensis sp. nov. from Buton Island, Indonesia and M. viridiflora sp. nov. from Papua New Guinea. The former is included in the molecular phylogenetic analysis. The reconstructed phylogeny corresponds well to the informal morphological grouping proposed earlier. A revised key to 13 Austro-Malesian species of Miliusa is provided.
Annonaceae, Buton Island, identification key, Papua New Guinea, molecular phylogeny.Availability : Usually Ships in 1 to 2 Business Days
Reinforced rim and anti-slip handle.
WARNING: California Residents
This product and/or packaging can expose you to chemicals including Styrene, which is known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information go to.
Knowledge
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. -Meister Eckhart
Getting to know oneself can be a lifetime task. Like any relationship it requires time and attention. When you know yourself, all of your relationships grow. It’s easier to express your True Self in the world.
Adventure
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. – Helen Keller
Today I choose to look at my life as an adventure. Right now I don’t know where the stream is going to take me. Sometimes I feel scared about that…but I could just as easily imagine the possibilities and stay open to the adventure.
Kindness
You cannot do kindness too soon because you never know how soon it will be too late. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Sometimes I can become too absorbed in my own problems. The best anecdote I know is to reach out and touch someone else. Many people live in isolation. See if you can make someone’s day today.
Perception
We are a people of prejudiced perception. We unknowingly screen our view of reality. -Michael W. Munn Beyond Business as Usual
How many times do we get stuck in our limited perceptual states? Sometimes the easiest solution to a problem is to change our perception either of the problem or the solution. Is there an area of your life where changing your perception of something might be helpful?
Animals
Practice love first on animals, they are more sensitive.-G.I. Gurdjieff Views from the Real World
This morning our eleven-year-old golden retriever Chloe couldn’t stand on her back legs. We had to take her to the emergency. Tonight she is still not moving around very much. She has been my loyal companion through so many things. The thought of losing her is difficult to bear. Tonight I put her care in the hands of the Divine and pray for only the highest and best for her. What would we do without our animals?Basic Tajweed
Basics of Tajweed is the course offered for the students at the Level-I that is exceptionally essential. This incorporates The Arabic letter sets, their qualities and the basic principles with general comprehension and practice.
Lessons for Basic Tajweed
There are around 20 to 25 lesson, which are shrouded, in this basic course. The children are shown this fundamental tajweed course with connected way utilizing the conventional Qaida or Quran Foundation Course. The accompanying key ideas are talked about:
1-Pronunciation of the Arabic letters in order with the best possible purposes of beginning.
2-The diverse sounds and normal for the letters i.e. being intense and being shrieking.
3-The indications of the letters which are utilized to create distinctive hints of the letters in order.
4-Letters of Madd and Leen (Long vowels and Soft letter)
5-The noiseless sign (Sukoon or Jazam)
6-Rules of Noon Sakinah and Tanween
7-Rules of Meem Sakinah
8-Rules of the letter Raa
9-Rules of the letter Laam in the expression of Allah S.W.T
10-Rules of Waqf (The best possible method for delaying and ceasing)
Teaching approach for Basic Tajweed
Fundamental and basic Tajweed covers the previously mentioned ideas and tenets, which are educated with little points of interest and with connected approach for grown-ups. In any case, for the children as said, it is educated with connected approach without clarifying the point-by-point rules. Toward the finish of the is course the understudy can read without anyone else’s input/herself and can be familiar soon with 4-7 months relying upon the level of comprehension and the quantity of days given to cover the course according to plan. The course is exceptionally straightforward and simple course that empower a none-Arab to peruse the Holy Quran with Tajweed.Defense Minister Nirmala Sitharaman praised the unveiling of a new indigenously developed brain survey device as a sign that the “Make in India” campaign is not a futile venture.
Stereotactic frame technology, which when fixed to a human head, allows neurosurgeons to carry out minimally invasive but precise brain surgery within 1 mm of the target area, including excising deep-rooted tumors, currently costs Rs 1.2 to 1.6 crores per unit, because they are imported from the United States and Europe. The high cost makes it prohibitively expensive for small and medium-scale hospitals to own, with the end result that costs of treatment are out of the reach of most Indians.
To make Stereotactic surgery more accessible to Indians, two Bangalore-based biomedical engineers, Sadashiva Bhat and his son, Sharath, developed an indigenously developed frame, building on 25 year-of research.
Their company, Mahalasa Medical Technology, is prepared to sell its version of the Stereotactic frame to hospitals at costs of between Rs 20 to 25 lakhs per unit. Dr. N. K. Venkataramana, founder and chief surgeon of Brains Hospital, said that the new model will help reduce the costs of treatment for Indians suffering from Parkinson’s Disease, heightened epilepsy and chronic depression.
“However, as ingenious as the device is, it is still reliant on a specialized battery imported from overseas. If we succeed in manufacturing the battery here in India, the cost of the frame will go down further,” he added.
Using military terms to ally neurosurgery with national defense out of a gesture of inclusivity to Ms Sitharaman, Dr. Ventakaraman described both brain surgery and the Ministry of Defense as being concerned with the business of safety – the Ministry with safety of the national body, and neurosurgery with the safety of the individual. He described the previously out of bounds areas of the brain, which traditional brain surgery had the capacity to damage, as being a “no-fly zone.”
As evidence of the Stereotactic frame’s capabilities, he showed a video of a test subject, a 60-year-old native of Tamil Nadu with severe Parkinson’s disease, who could not sit or stand still despite being on the strongest medication. Following stereotactic, frame-assisted surgery, the man was shown as being cured and capable of normal movement.
C. S. Sunder Raju, the millionaire business tycoon and Managing Director of ACT Fibrenet, who is an investor in the project, said that he was astounded to see how effective the frame was. “Watching the video gave me an insight into what this kind of technology means for the common man,” he said.
Ms. Sitharaman, who was initially hesitant to be associated with the project, was similarly impressed. “I had severe hesitations about being affiliated with this technology, because I have no real connection to the project,” she said. “But after this presentation, I see that it was relevant for me to be here. The relevance of this product is a surge to India on so many levels.”
She described the individuals responsible for its engineering as “enterprising Indians who are as a full of ingenuity as they are hardworking,” but explained that what India lacks are enough “fundas” to support other, similar ventures.
She praised Bangalore for possessing, what she described as three necessary ingredients of success, which had resulted in such a technological breakthrough – wonderful engineers, imaginative medical personnel and hardworking entrepreneurs. “It is clear, that at least here, ‘Make in India’ is not a futile venture,” she said.
Ms Sitharaman took a jab at media houses which she said too often focus on the political horserace, often at the cost of other, more important stories. “Breakthroughs such as this Stereotactic frame are stories of India we need to propagate with gusto because such things enrich our lives,” she said.
Mr. Raju expressed confidence that such breakthroughs have the capability of offering India “Strategic depth” in the realm of life-science technology. He offered the example of Israel, which while having little capital to invest, focused on two industries – armaments and agri-tech. “Now, Israel is a world leader in these two areas. India now has a similar opportunity before it,” he said.DevHub Establishes Hiring Partnership with Code Fellows for Top Programming Talent
November 04, 2014 (PRLEAP.COM) Business NewsNovember 4, 2014 - SEATTLE, WA — EV.
DevHub on LinkedIn.
Contact Information
Mark Michael
EVO Media Group
Mark Michael
EVO Media GroupAll is set for a forum meant to prepare Ghanaians adequately towards retirement.
Slated for September 25, in Accra, the forum is to create the needed platform for key stakeholders to deliberate on how it is never too early or late for Ghanaians to plan their retirement goals.
Some discussants billed for the event include Mrs Freda Duplan, Chairperson, Board of Directors, Zenith Bank Ghana Limited, Mr Afriyie Oware, CEO, Axis Pensions Trust and Mr Nashiru Iddrisu, MD, Hollard Life Assurance.
Dubbed, “H.Insured: All About Insurance,” the forum which is expected to be held via zoom is an initiative of Hollard Ghana.
Preparations
Speaking to the media ahead of the forum on September 24 in Accra, the Group Head, Marketing and Corporate Affairs, Cynthia Ofori-Dwumfuo, said preparations were set for the event.
“Since we began, our monthly webinar series, ‘H.Insured: All About Insurance’ has garnered public interest, with its handpicked senior executives on the panel, discussing varied topics from wealth creation to understanding the value of insurance. We have know why they need to get their ducks in a row before retirement hits. This topic promises to be a great discussion,” she said.
She added that interested participants should visit Hollard Insurance and Hollard Life pages on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram and Hollard Ghana on LinkedIn for information on how to register.African-American News
Usher’s Non-Profit, New Look, Receives $500,000 Grant For Financial Literacy Programs
Usher’s New Look (UNL), a non-profit organization formed by the R&B star in 1999, just received a significant donation. According to a news statement, the Truist Foundation has granted UNL $500,000 to promote its high school leadership program, notably its financial literacy activities.
The $500,000 is the most recent grant from the Truist Foundation, which has granted UNL a total of $1.5 million over the last five years to support the company’s goal.
In a news statement, Careshia Moore, president and CEO of Usher’s New Look, said, “Breaking the cycle of poverty and debt is vital to the future development of young people, particularly in these trying times where we see that there are currently 16 million children living in poverty today.” “As a result, this is a proud moment for Usher’s New Look, and we are grateful to Truist Foundation for this transformational grant, which will enable us to further our mission and touch the lives of hundreds of young people, assisting them in preparing for their futures while also uplifting themselves and their communities.”
After the merging of BB&T and Suntrust Banks in 2019, the Truist Foundation was founded. According to the Foundation’s website, their mission is to “inspire and build better lives and communities by partnering directly with nonprofit groups that support wealth creation for historically disadvantaged communities.” Truist Foundation, led by President Lynette Bell, works to develop small enterprises and build professional pathways to economic mobility. In a press release following the $500,000 award to UNL, Bell reaffirmed her commitment to the organization and similar programs.
“The Truist Foundation is committed to assisting Usher’s New Look in furthering its goal by providing young people with access to financial wellness in order to assist them in making life decisions,” Bell stated. “Ushers New Look shares our mission to inspire and empower people to live better lives in their communities. Their commitment and track record in guiding and developing young people’s talent and talents is unrivaled.”
According to UNL’s website, the organization has assisted more than 50,000 adolescents worldwide. Workshops and how-to seminars on themes such as talent exploration, college preparation, employment development, servant leadership, entrepreneurship, budgeting, credit and debt, savings, investing, and more are available through UNL’s high school program.“The most electric combination of Country and Bluegrass today!” - Billboard
Revel in the joy of the holiday season with a performance from Grammy Award-nominated Grand Ole Opry stars Jamie Dailey and Darrin Vincent. Backed by one of the best bands on tour today, Dailey & Vincent blend traditional country, gospel and bluegrass with the fantastically instinctive vocals of Dailey's tenor and Vincent's reedy harmonies.
Dubbed by Country Music Television as “the rockstars of bluegrass,” Dailey & Vincent have been hailed as one of America’s most exciting and elite bluegrass bands. They have garnered worldwide attention with The Dailey & Vincent Show on RFD TV and the PBS special Dailey & Vincent ALIVE In Concert. Over the years, they have received numerous honors including 13 International Bluegrass Music Awards, three Grammy Award nominations, including Bluegrass Album of the Year, and four Dove Awards for Bluegrass Album of the Year.
Rhonda Vincent and Special Guest Performer Mark Wills bring - "Rhonda Vincent Christmas" to Renfro Valley's New Barn Theatre. The magic of the Christmas Season will be on full display. This is an absolute MUST SEE show-with something for the whole family.Want to know where Second Act starring Jennifer Lopez, Vanessa Hudgens and Leah Remini was filmed at Northern Boulevard in New York, United States? Start scrolling.
Maya gets of the bus to go to work.
42-02 Northern Blvd, Long Island City, New York 11101, United States
40.7529106140137, -73.9216842651367
bus, bus stop
Jennifer Lopez.
42-02 Northern Blvd, Long Island City, New York 11101, United States
40.7529106140137, -73.9216842651367Yellow Dog Design, Inc.
Minimum Advertised Price (MAP) Policy
Yellow Dog Design(YDD) is an industry leading manufacturer of pet products. It is our goal to provide outstanding customer service and an excellent customer experience through our network of authorized dealers, distributors, online merchants, and retail stores (collectively “Resellers”).
Our Resellers spend substantial amounts of time and investments of resources to make good on YDD’s goal of providing outstanding customer service and ensuring the excellent experience our customers have come to expect. In order to support our Reseller’s efforts, YDD has unilaterally adopted a MINIMUM ADVERTISED PRICE (MAP) POLICY.
YDD, at its sole discretion, reserves the right to discontinue doing business with any reseller that advertises any product(s) covered by this MAP Policy at a price lower than MAP.
The MAP Policy applies to advertised prices, not the price at which MAP products are actually sold or offered for sale to an individual in-store or over the phone. It also does not apply once an item is placed in a customer’s “virtual shopping cart” on an internet website. Pricing that is associated with the end customer’s intent to purchase is deemed the “selling price” and falls outside the MAP Policy.
The products covered by this policy are YDD’s current line of products and /or any products found in our catalog or on our website. YDD may in its sole discretion modify any products covered by this MAP Policy from time to time.
The MAP Policy applies to all advisement of MAP products in any and all media, including but not limited to coupons, flyers, posters, inserts, mailers, magazines, newspapers, catalogs, mail order catalogs, internet or similar electronic media including websites, blogs, forums, email newsletters, email solicitations, Twitter, Facebook, Etsy, Pinterest, or similar social media sites, television, radio, and public signage.
The MAP Policy does not apply to solely on premise or in-store advertising that is not distributed to customers.
Resellers may not make any statements, displays or communications on its website that indicate, state, or imply or suggest that a lower price may be found at the online check out. This includes but is not limited to: “click here for lower price”, “see lower price in cart”, “check cart for lower price”, “add to cart for lower price”, or similar language. Website features such as “click for price”, automated “bounce-back” pricing emails, pre-formatted email responses, forms, and automatic price display for any items prior to being placed in a customer’s shopping cart, and other similar features are considered to be communications initiated by the reseller(rather than by the customer) and thereby constitute “advertising” under this MAP Policy.
It shall not be a violation of this MAP Policy to advertise that the reseller has “the lowest prices” or will match or beat its competitor’s prices or use similar phrases so long as the reseller does not include any advertised price below MAP and otherwise complies with this MAP Policy. In addition, it is not a violation of this MAP Policy to advertise that a customer may “call for price”, or “email for price”, or use similar language, specifically with respect to YDD products, so long as no price is listed.
From time to time, YDD may permit resellers to advertise MAP products at prices lower than MAP retail pricing. In such events, YDD reserves the right to modify or suspend the MAP retail pricing with respect to the affected products for a specified time.
If YDD products are advertised or promoted as part of a package or a bundle that includes other products, it shall be a violation of this MAP Policy to advertise the package or bundle at a price if: (1) each YDD product included is not above its individual Minimum Advertised Price, (2) is lower than the total Minimum Advertised Price of each YDD product combined, or (3) violates the letter or spirit of the MAP Policy.
YDD reserves the right to cancel all orders and indefinitely refuse to accept any new orders from any resellers if YD determines, at its sole discretion, that a reseller has violated the MAP Policy or the spirit of the Policy.
YDD’s sales representatives, distributors, dealers, and any resellers, shall have no right to enforce the MAP Policy, or make any agreements or assurances with respect to YDD’s policy regarding reseller advertising or pricing.About
We offer mindfulness-based life, work and relationship coaching, counseling, and guidance to individuals and corporations. Our work is based on the field of neuroscience, mindfulness and positive psychology. We help individuals and organizations achieve top performance.
The Work Mindfulness Project focuses on the science of mindfulness-based awareness, as a way to realign individuals and teams towards greater performance, to improve and enhance day-to-day experiences. In 2014, Dr. Joseph Loizzo, Dr. Miles Neal and Sharon Salzberg attended the first event at NYU in Manhattan. Our focus has always been small groups, individuals, and communities, to enhance awareness, through the relationships to self, others, community, values, ideals, and ongoing, moment-to-moment practice. Our programs are scientifically proven to relieve stress, increase awareness, and help individuals generate a higher level of performance, with tools to strengthen stress resilience, engage the brain, and enhance choice.
How does mindful awareness work in our daily lives? What is it that happens when we are mindfully aware? We work with clients throughout several areas of life. In the diagram below we outline what key areas help to make up a balanced life. These offer perspective and are by no way limited to the work that we might do together.
Our approach incorporates the Health & Wellbeing model outlined in the image to the right. We look at you, your values, and what really matters to you, to help you develop Mindful Awareness. Being fully aware, you are paying attention in-the-moment so that you can make conscious, proactive choices about every aspect of your health.
The series of eight concentric circles represent your self-care, which includes all the choices you make on a daily basis that affect your physical, mental, and spiritual health. Our coaching and counseling services are one part of a professional care program that we recommend you receive as a part of the prevention and treatment of illnesses or diseases, including both traditional and complementary medicine, such as acupuncture, yoga, tai chi, and other mind-body therapies. The outer ring represents the people and groups to whom you are connected, reflecting your community.
Why work with Work Mindfulness?
Because Your Life Matters to YOU
We coach you and can help you identify blind spots and opportunities to overcome obstacles and focus on what’s important. We can help you accelerate your success and fast forward towards your goals. We help you to be accountable and we are blunt when necessary to help you to be accountable to yourself. We do the following things for you.
- We help you to figure out where to find the answers, based on the things that you want for your life
- We co-create with you, based on your goals, to be powerful and capable in areas that are important to you
- We help you to look at life, find balance, based on your beliefs, ethics, morals, hopes, and dreams.
- We let you lead and help you to look good and feel great
How it Works
The neuroscience shows that the brain lights up and forms more connections More awareness for the present gets us motivated to experience more of life. Research and insights provided here, by the NCBI show the research behind it. By focusing on specific goals we mindfully we focus more, our brain gets lit, wired, fired up! Neurons that fire together wire together. Our brain cells communicate with one another via synaptic transmission–one brain cell releases a chemical (neurotransmitter) that the next brain cell absorbs. This communication process is known as “neuronal firing.” The neuroscience shows that mindfulness and a positive mindfulness-based coach approach offers proven results. Being.Dr..
She was previously Director of Dubai Women’s College, Higher Colleges of Technology, where she developed student and academic services and strategies to motivate young people through innovation, research and training.
She is also a keen edupreneur and a winner of His Highness Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum SME Award as Businesswoman of the Year 2015 for her work to train and mentor start-ups in the UAE.
Commenting on Dr. Al Zaabi’s appointment, Dr. Ismahane Elouafi, Director General of ICBA, said: “We are delighted to welcome Dr. Tarifa Al Zaabi as ICBA’s new Deputy Director General. In view of her rich background, I am confident that Dr. Al Zaabi will make an immense contribution to our center’s mission to deliver agricultural and water scarcity solutions in marginal environments to end hunger and poverty worldwide.”
For her part, Dr. Al Zaabi said: “I am pleased to join ICBA, which has a diverse team of professionals from about 25 countries. This role gives me an opportunity to serve people living in the marginal environments. I will be working together with ICBA’s team, particularly the scientists and management, to find solutions for some of the world’s most pressing issues like climate change, water scarcity, food insecurity, and salinity.”
Dr. Al Zaabi is a graduate of the UAE Government Leaders Program (Executive Leadership) and is certified as a trainer by the UAE Government Leaders Program to represent the UAE internationally and deliver training to local and foreign governments.
She holds a Ph.D. in Education (Management and Educational Leadership) from the British University of Dubai and an Executive MBA in Business Administration with honours from the University of Sharjah and a Bachelor of Applied Science in Business Administration from Higher Colleges of Technology.
Dr. Al Zaabi has represented the UAE in various local and international conferences and has co-authored several education-focused studies and academic papers.We help you get up the mountain. Being a founder of a startup or owner of a small business is hard. Successfully navigating the climb to success takes planning and execution. That's what we're here for.
The Business Sherpas help you get a high level view of your business landscape. It's easy to get so focused on the climb that you lose sight of the goal and aren't aware of the pitfalls just over the ridge. We provide that high altitude perspective to help you see your market clearly. We'll help you navigate the right path.
Having a great idea is one thing. Building a great business is another. Getting from one to the other requires the right plan and the right execution. We've positively impacted companies from many industries and all sizes, from startup to Fortune 100, so we’re confident we can help you scale up to the summit too.
First we outfit you with the right equipment to be successful by helping you build the processes that lead to a sustainable business. Then, if you need us to, we lace up our hiking boots and climb along side you as part of the team. Our virtual office team can cover some of your non-core functional areas - because founders should be focused on building their businesses, not worried about the day to day.Healthy Eating Options in Sarasota
Introduce yourself to the freshest and healthiest dining options in Sarasota County.
In Sarasota, a locale geographically blessed with year-round sunshine that nurtures farm food, healthy eating seems to simply make sense. As the city of Sarasota has the highest concentration of Zagat-rated restaurants in Florida, you'll have no problem finding a variety of healthy places to eat dinner, dessert, and breakfast – in whatever order you so choose. From the best seafood in Sarasota to organic restaurants and even coffee houses, Sarasota's food scene has something to offer everyone.
Markets
Sarasota Farmers Market
Every Saturday, vendors flock to Main Street and Lemon Avenue at the heart of downtown Sarasota for The Sarasota Farmers Market, a 30-plus-year tradition that connects Sarasota residents and visitors with local farmers, businesses and artisans.
The early bird gets the worm – or at least the fattest cucumbers and juiciest tomatoes. At Sarasota's biggest weekly farmer's market, however, there's always enough fresh produce for everyone. Vendors from Sarasota, Manatee and Hillsborough counties, including Brown's Grove, Worden Farms, and Kinsey's Produce, to name a few, set up shop at the downtown market every Saturday with the freshest produce from local fields. The Sarasota Farmer's Market also hosts vendors peddling local honey, locally caught seafood, and locally made packaged foods such as pastas, coffees and teas, breads, and sweets.
Neighboring Farmer's Markets
Other Sarasota County farmer's markets that take a farm-to-table approach include the Venice Farmer's Market in historic downtown Venice every Saturday, and the Philippi Farmhouse Market in south Sarasota every Wednesday.
Restaurants
Ionie Healing Center & Raw Food Cafe
Ionie is a peaceful oasis located in the downtown Sarasota area where locals and visitors alike flock to escape the stress of daily living. Proprietor Ionie Bergs, who specializes in massage and acupuncture and is a proponent of raw, vegan living, has opened a raw café at the healing center to promote a nutritionally conscious healthy lifestyle to clients.
Lovely Square
Located in the Gulf Gate area, Lovely Square offers a variety of options for every diet including vegan, vegetarian, gluten free and traditional options. With background in Spanish and French cooking styles, Chef Serafin Garcia creates American favorites with his own special twist for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Everyone can enjoy their homemade from scratch crepes taht can be made vegan and gluten free.
Cafe Evergreen
With locally sourced and grown ingredients, Cafe Evergreen keeps your food "clean" by creating house made fresh meals with no preservatives. All sauces, soups and dressings are house made contributing to 2/3 less salt than most restaurants. Not only do they serve lunch and dinner every day with breakfast on the weekends, they even have a Juice Bar full of probiotic drinks, smoothies, juices, vegan organic wines and more. The Kefir Mojito
Simon's Coffee House
Another south Sarasota eatery, Simon's Coffee House, features a largely organic and locally sourced whole-foods menu that caters to vegetarian and vegan diets. The family-owned café and juice bar features a rotation of six or more soups made daily on the premises, a broad selection of fresh salads, and popular raw options, such as the raw lasagna and raw kale tabouleh. The menu also features vegan and gluten-free desserts, like the vegan chocolate cake and gluten-free Belgian chocolate and almond brownies. Lunch specials change daily, as reflected on the festive chalk boards in the café. In addition to vegan and vegetarian cuisine, Simon's Coffee House also serves a wide range of paninis and entrées for meat-eaters in its ever-rotating fresh, daily menu. It should go without saying that the coffee is excellent – and if you take yours au lait, sip easy knowing the milk from Dakin Dairy Farms is local, too.
Sun Garden Cafe
Sun Garden Café on sunny Siesta Key is renowned not only for its diverse menu, but for its pleasantly casual, family-friendly garden atmosphere. The multi-cultural influence is apparent in the cuisine, featuring wild-caught seafood from local waters, farm-fresh eggs, and locally grown organic produce. All elements can be found on their lengthy list of breakfast and lunch items, ranging from lean and healthy to hearty and heavy, depending on your appetite.
Sarasota: Ahead of the Organic Curve
As the trend toward healthier and more ecologically sustainable eating habits takes root in the United States, Sarasota sits at the forefront of the movement with its dedication to organic, vegan, raw and locally sourced dining alternatives. Feeling good about a full tummy has never been easier!The self-esteem movement must count as a pillar of the American therapy culture.
Allow one of its important theorists, Carl Rogers to define the term:
Every human being, with no exception, for the mere fact to be it, is worthy of unconditional respect of everybody else; he deserves to esteem himself and to be esteemed.
This sounds like a definitive assertion of human self-worth. Perhaps it is symptomatic of the movement itself, but this sentence is also a poorly written syntactical jumble.
Be that as it may, Rogers is not just saying that you need to feel good about yourself, no matter what. He is also dictating how other people must treat you. If you believe that you are great and special, regardless of what you have or have not done, everyone else is enjoined to feed your illusions.
By all appearances, the theory leaves no place for competition. It certainly rejects status hierarchies. If everyone, by the mere fact of being, is just as good as everyone else, why bother to compete for status or success.
If you respect the thief or the beggar as much as you respect the physician or the musician, what does that say about your capacity to form judgments?
If you respect the man who is rude to you as much as you respect the man who is polite to you, how good are you going to feel about yourself?
If you respect the scoundrel as much as you respect the person who is responsible, reliable, loyal and trustworthy, how will you make your way through life?
Has the self-esteem movement abolished your right to choose your friends by the “content of their character?”
Self-esteemists will reply that Nathaniel Branden and Abraham Maslow, two major gurus of the movement, believe that your goal in life should be total self-actualization.
But, must we then offer more esteem to those who are perfectly self-actualized? If we do, does that contradict the non-judgmental predicate in Rogers’ thought?
With all the emphasis on being, what about doing? You are an ethical individual because of what you do, not because you have actualized your being. You function in society because you follow rules and get along with other people, not because you have actualized your full potential.
When all is said and done, self-esteemism is making a virtue of anomie.
Strangely enough, that most competitive of organizations, the United States Army has been using, as a slogan: “Be all that you can be.” Apparently, the Army knows its constituency. Surely, it’s strange to imagine that the purpose of military service is self-actualization.
Imagine a military officer saying to his troops: Win or lose, no matter what, we want you to be all that you can be.
Recently, Will Storr offered a valuable overview of the self-esteem movement in an essay on its primary detractor, Prof. Roy Baumeister.
Storr recalled that when self-esteem was all the rage, its proponents claimed that a mere boost of self-esteem could solve all of the nation’s problems. It sounds a bit like hubris, don’t you think?
In Storr’s words:.”)
Baumeister decided to evaluate the claims of the self-esteem movement. As I have reported in other posts, he created a study that would show whether students with high self-esteem outperformed those with low self-esteem. It seems like a fair enough question.
Storr reported on the shocking results:.
Some self-esteem gurus did pay lip service to competition. When their theories were put into practice, a different truth emerged. Policies promoted by the movement made children less competitive, thus, less likely to fulfill their human potential.
Since the movement tends to believe in the intrinsic value of offering up empty praise, it can be also judged by what happens to the human brain when it is fed quantities of empty praise.
Baumeister and his colleagues discovered that overloading a child with empty praise produces an state that resembles the effect produced by certain drugs, like cocaine.
Storr explained:.”
If this is true, children are being primed to believe that drugs are the solution to all problems. And they are trained to become addicted, if not to drugs, then to something else.
In Storr’s words:?
3 comments:
He's confusing self-esteem and intrinsic value. The former is a product of ego, while the latter engenders a gesture of respect. The former is especially volatile when it displaces self-confidence, which is egoism backed by achievement. This is analogous to money and wealth, respectively, where the former is virtual, and the latter reflects productivity.
Intrinsic value is destroyed with denigration of individual dignity (e.g. "diversity") and devaluation of human life, especially through normalization of abortion/murder.
n.n is right about self-esteem being connected to ego, but we still have to find what it can and can't do for us.
It seems clear the "self-esteemers" have overstepped, but I keep trying to wrap my brain around what they're trying to do, what social evil they are fighting, and it does seem to come down to the idea of status and competition as raising some people by lowering others.
One of the long advocates is Alfie Kohn, like this article against competition, so I wonder why he's wrong, and my conclusion is that he attributes the excesses of competition as CAUSE of aggression, rather than seeing competition as a way for kids to learn how to manage and direct their aggressive impulses, and how to defend themselves against the same in others.
Competition brings out parts of ourselves we don't immediately recognize. In 5k, 10k running races, I'm always competing against the clock, and don't feel competitive against other people until perhaps the last quarter or half mile, and that's what helps me push harder at the end when I need more motive. These adult races also have "age group awards", so I learned very early all things aren't equal, like getting third place for M30-39, while there was 6 M40-49 ahead of me, so I could see those midlife crisis men above me were using each other to excel while my generation still just wanted to have fun!
OTOH, a woman friend "Jane" who also started running and racing ended up fastest woman in one small 10k race, or up to the last 10 feet where she was passed by another woman. "Jane" thought it wasn't good sportsmanship to sneak up and pass someone at the end, and later "Jane" shocked me, called the other woman a very unladylike name to the race director later for the sneaky tactic.
And in the next race, "Jane" was critical of the fastest woman, who was like 5 minutes ahead of all the other women, but still 5 minutes behind the fastest men. So "Jane" was convinced the fast woman was just trying to feel superior and, as a college track star, had no business running in a neighborhood race. I could only point out that the fast woman was competing quite well with the mid-fast men, so she wasn't just running alone.
So that's one experience to see what a lack of self-esteem looks like - it means you project your own aggressive feelings onto others rather than admit them in yourself.
And the sport did exactly what it intended - encouraged "Jane" to compensate and work hard, and now can frequently win mid-level races, and often win her age group. And because she can remember what it felt like to be a beginning, she's very encouraging and supportive to other woman runners, so its interesting to see aggression that leads to success might promotes encouragement to others who aspire.
The problem I see with self-esteem is whether and how it transfers from one achievement to another. Good grades in math didn't necessarily make me care about English grades. And then we have the ultimate source of status and self-esteem - MONEY - and its clear having money can feel like an achievement, and proof of hard work, but it also defines a protective bubble, so you don't have to put yourself on the line in the future.
I like Kipling's poem If:
...If you can dream—and not make dreams your master;
If you can think—and not make thoughts your aim;
If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster
And treat those two impostors just the same;
Kipling offers advice how to not take success or failure personally, and recognize they are imposters to self-worth.
Billionaire Tom Perkins got in trouble recently - first in warning that resentment against the 1% as being similar to pre-WW2 Germany's resentment against the Jews that lead to the holocaust, and later he asserted that anyone who didn't pay at least $1 in tax shouldn't be allowed to voter, but also that what he really wanted was one dollar, one vote, income tax dollar paid I think, and admitted he was just trying to provoke discussion.
So is Perkins an "entitled, egotistical narcissist", or is he just expressing the natural state of grace entire a person of financial stature?
I can see both sides - see people who could work harder and instead exploit a compassionate system to gain unearned income that they could work for and feel better about. However I also see you don't become a billionaire by working minimum wage jobs, and once you have money (or have the status to borrow large sums of money), you can leverage that money into huge windfalls, merely for seeing an opportunity of expansion and making a good bet.
I might say it is confusing that an 18 year old is able to sign a contract to student loans that can never be canceled by bankruptcy, for an unknown job market he's betting will be there for him, and if he's forced to take a low wage job that has no future, and nothing to do with his education, he's going to be resentful toward a billionaire who made some good bets, and deserved his success while other failed by their own lack.
If you believe in a competitive world of winners, you also have to believe in a competitive world of losers, and so if the winners look down on the losers, and the losers see no opportunity to win, you shouldn't be too surprised a fraction of them will create BILLIONS of dollars of harm to the economy - from the drug trade and policing and imprisonment of nonviolent criminals and all that.
So competition has a real dark side that can't be ignored. But I accept self-respect is the key to escape not self-esteem.Alana House is PACT’s flagship community project that uses a holistic approach to support and empower women. We offer a confidential, women-only, non-judgemental space and welcome all women who feel they need help and support.Find out more
To access support services at Alana House, you will need to make a referral.
Are you looking for support for…
Celebrating the Alana House community
The Alana House gallery
See how Alana House has developed over the years and transformed the lives of hundreds of women seeking support
Alana House Community Café
Alana House runs a community café to help women who attend the project to learn and practice valuable new skills
‘Unlocking our lockdown stories’ exhibition
In partnership with The Museum of English Rural Life in reading, three women from Alana House express their lockdown stories though photography
Helplines
Domestic Abuse Help
Berkshire Women’s Aid:
National helpline (run by Women’s Aid):
Debt Advice Support
Stepchange Debt Remedy, advisors:
Reading Citizens Advice Bureau (CAB):
Health and Wellbeing
Crisis Team:
NHS Direct:
Housing & Homeless Services
Shelter – advice and support:
St Mungo’s, Reading office:
Find out what’s on at Alana House
Women who have been referred to our services can access a range of groups and activities
I couldn’t recommend Alana House enough, since working with you all I have felt so supported which has helped me manage my situation. I’m able to rationalise my thought processes and accept that this time of my life will pass as long as I continue to be self-sufficient.. Thank you so much for everything.
Katie, Alana House service user. …….
Alana house service user
Alana House is highly regarded and valued by a range of professional agencies as it achieves impressive results for these women that can often be life changing. The fact that there is no other service of its kind in the area makes it even more vital and a service that I feel plays a key role in tackling crime prevention in both the immediate and longer term.
Suzanna Rose, High Sherriff Berkshire 2013/14
Without Alana House I would have found it hard to build on my confidence and make my circumstances better. Alana House has given me the tools to live independently and to better manage my finances.
Malisa,
Since my seven months of support, Alana House has boosted by confidence and supported me through many activities that have been provided. I do not know what I would do without them. Thank you so much for your support.
Lorraine, Alana House service user
I have hope again now, which I didn’t have before.
Alice, Alana House service user
With anxiety, the more support you have the better. No one should be alone, at Alana House there are people there. Helpful smiley people. Alana House is somewhere I can come at my saddest and at my happiest.
Ruth, Alana House service user
I feel safe knowing that Alana House is always on the other end of the phone… You have helped me see the light at the end of the tunnel.
Beverley, Alana House service user
Our partners
The Hidden Truth About How to Make Cbd Oil with Olive Oil the Right Way
The very first sort of cannabis oil is straightforward to make and is a fundamental ingredient for brownies and other edibles. The best thing of all is you may make cannabis oil in a crock-pot. To begin with, you should decide what sort of olive oil you wish to use. For this step, you are going to want to choose the suitable olive oil. For this step, you will want to choose the precise olive oil. For this step, you will want to choose the very best olive oil. Bearing this in mind, get the maximum quality, non-extra virgin (robust) olive oil you are able to.
Regularly enhance the warmth till water starts to boil. Steadily improve the warmth till it begins to boil. Regardless of what you may have thought, it is really so easy to make CBD oil with olive oil. But before you may begin creating your CBD oil, you ought to select your oil. With simply a few simple kitchen utensils, a little heat, and an entire bunch of patience, you can quite easily make a dispensary-worthy CBD oil. I strongly suggest them to everyone searching for the maximum superior CBD oil.
To activate them, you are going to want to use warmth to your Hashish for a sure time period in a bid to absolutely gain from the outcomes of CBD. To activate them, you are going to want to use warmth to your Hashish for a sure time period so to absolutely gain from the outcomes of CBD. Step by step boost the warmth till water starts to boil. It improve the warmth till water begins to boil.
Details of How to Make Cbd Oil with Olive Oil the Right Way
When it’s the capacity to choose just what ingredients you’re likely to use, the hands-on charge of the procedure, or just because it’s fun working with your hands, some individuals just delight in doing things themselves. It’s not wise to take advantage of further virgin olive oil as it doesn’t get the job done properly in excessive temperatures due to its low smoke level and might lead to a nasty, bitter style if heated too excessive. It isn’t really helpful to use additional virgin olive oil since it doesn’t do the job properly in excessive temperatures as a consequence of its low smoke level and might lead to a nasty, bitter style if heated too excessive. It is not really helpful to take advantage of further virgin olive oil since it doesn’t get the job done properly in excessive temperatures attributable to the low smoke level and might lead to a nasty, bitter style if heated too excessive.
To be able to correctly dose the CBD oil you merely produced, you may use our edible potency calculator right here. You don’t wish to totally cook it or burn all of it. Wishing you all of the very best! It may sound sophisticated, however we promise you, you’re in a position to get this done! Eventually, it’s your choice and how you would like to use the completed item. Not one of this is valuable to you though, since you’re making it from home! So anyway, let’s look at the practice of ways to make your own high-quality CBD oil from olive oil.
The actual procedure for making CBD oil is surprisingly easy. To share my bad seller story with people just like you and assist you in making the correct purchasing decision. The most critical issue is going to be the quantity of CBD within your beginning materialany respected supplier will be in a place to inform you this.Library learners will discover something new from this series of enrichment programs, recommended for elementary and middle school students, as part of our new Learning @ the Library space. Explore a new topic every first and third Wednesday of the month. Registration is required; please call 757.741.3300, option 4 for more information or to sign up.
- November 17th – Nonfiction Scavenger Hunt. Explore the cool topics in our children’s nonfiction collection by participating in a fun scavenger hunt.
- December 1st – Intro to 3D Printing. Kids will learn how 3D printing works and how to use this technology for their own projects, and they’ll discover some of the awesome ways this tech is being used around the world right now.
- December 15th – Making Music with Boomwhackers. Have fun learning basic music concepts and playing familiar songs using simple pitched percussion instruments called Boomwhackers. Limited to students ages 5 and up.This paper seeks to examine metaphorical references of disability in Kuria language, spoken in Kenya. Particularly to explore how language usage in relation to disability creates hierarchies in the society by positioning the disabled below the ‘normal’ non-disabled language users. The paper will make use of Critical Discourse Analysis (CDA) as its theoretical framework. Critical discourse analysis (CDA) is a form of analysis that seeks to explain how unequal power relationships can be established, reproduced and maintained in social and political contexts. It also clarifies elements of the marginalisation, exclusion and domination of some people by others through ideological processes, and the effect this can have on social relationships. CDA uncovers visible as well as hidden inequalities in social relationships by examining ways in which language works in specific discourses to perpetuate these inequalities. The paper makes use of primary data in form of metaphors and reference words. These were collected ethnographically through day to day interaction with the disabled and their families. Six families with members who are categorised as physically challenged were involved in the study. Interviewing and note taking were used as data collection instruments. Data was analysed thematically basing on CDA principles. The findings revealed that both male and female disabled persons are labelled negatively and referred to using demeaning metaphors. Physically challenged people are placed lowly as opposed to those who are viewed to be normal people in Kuria. The paper suggests that this view be challenged and demystified and disabled people be placed on the same lane as ‘normal’ ones. It further suggests that ways of challenging such discursive inequalities and ultimately realising a just and equitable society be sought for. This paper will be of importance to physical education teachers, human rights activists and organisations dealing with the physically challenged members of the societyBrooke Brand Fucks Brooklyn Chase
It told me it would make me immortal, if I helped him to live on [Les Archive] Goddess. It began to pump deep into my mouth, almost at my throat, when I closed my mouths around it
Puba – Sexy Girl Slut Showing Off Hot Body Fuck With Sweetheart Sexual Gratification
, “Hey, I couldn't help but notice you ass- I-I mean pass.
Puba – Sexy Girl Slut Showing Off Hot Body Fuck With Sweetheart Sexual Gratification
She had her tongue in my mouth and grabbed my 7 inch cock that has been waiting for action since before Patty and Emily came over, javhds.net. I pulled her shirt off, no bra
Duration: 6 min – Channel: Puba – Pornstar Channel: Brooklyn Chase – Country: USARohit Brijnath
Assistant Sports Editor
In nearly 30 years of sportswriting he has covered the Olympics, Asian Games, cricket World Cups, tennis Grand Slams and written for newspapers in India and Australia and also for the BBC South-Asia website. He has co-authored a book with Olympic gold medallist Abhinav Bindra and is happiest when visiting bookshops. He also runs very slowly in his spare time.
Nov 22, 2021, 11:36 pm
Nov 19, 2021, 6:01 pm
Nov 18, 2021, 6:43 pm
Nov 15, 2021, 7:59 pm
Nov 13, 2021, 7:07 pm
Nov 8, 2021, 12:27 pm
Nov 5, 2021, 4:56 pm
Oct 31, 2021, 4:42 pm
Oct 24, 2021, 5:00 am
Oct 18, 2021, 8:27 pm
Oct 16, 2021, 1:59 pm
Oct 11, 2021, 7:11 pm
Oct 4, 2021, 9:27 pm
Oct 2, 2021, 11:58 am
Sep 27, 2021, 7:07 pm
Sep 25, 2021, 9:37 pm
Sep 20, 2021, 4:32 pm
Sep 19, 2021, 5:00 am
Sep 13, 2021, 11:50 am
Sep 10, 2021, 2:18 pm
Sep 6, 2021, 6:33 pm
Sep 5, 2021, 3:12 pm
Aug 30, 2021, 5:44 pm
Aug 27, 2021, 2:20 pmMoss Clothing
Moss Raphael Jacket - Navy
$50 $150
From the humble beginnings of packing orders out of a storage shed at home, to having an awesome goal of being 100% sustainable across the whole business by 2025, Moss Clothing are making waves in the clothing industry despite still being such a young company.
The intention of Moss is to create timeless pieces that can be worn over and over. Currently all Moss clothing is created using sustainable fabrics. So if you're a woman on the go, but want to join the slow fashion revolution and still look great, Moss might be a great place to start.
Raphael Jacket: Navy
Composition: 100% Recycled Polyester
** SALE ITEMS ARE FINAL - Please choose your sale items carefully, there no returns, exchanges or credits on sale items **Riches in Righteousness 2
(week 28/02)
Olubi Johnson
In our last article we saw that God wants us to increase in riches in righteousness. We also saw that it takes the wisdom of God to do this. In our article this week we shall see that to increase in riches in righteousness we need to have the right motivation for wealth and be creative.
Motivation for wealth
To avoid the trap of covetousness in our pursuit of wealth or increase of riches we must understand and then have the right motivation for wealth. God wants us wealthy and to increase in riches because:
- He loves us because we are His children and desires us to have the best and enjoy all things richly.
Deuteronomy 7:13
1 Timothy 6:17 (KJV) Charge them that are rich in this world, that they be not high minded, nor trust in uncertain riches, but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy;
2. The richer we are, the more time we should be able to have to fellowship with, serve God and so bless God.
Deuteronomy 8:6-10 (KJV).
3. The richer we are the more money we can put into preaching the gospel and establishing the Kingdom of God on the earth.
Deuteronomy 8:18 (KJV) But thou shalt remember the LORD thy God: for it is he that giveth thee power to get wealth, that he may establish his covenant which he sware unto thy fathers, as it is this day.
Creation of Wealth
Hitherto the body of Christ for the most part has preached and practiced a prosperity that has come only by transfer of wealth rather than creation of wealth.
Typically most preachers expect their prosperity to come by the tithes and offerings they get. The saints prosper by the salaries they earn and gifts that others give them.
While all of this is alright, we need to realise that God wants His people to be creative. He wants them to create wealth by conceiving new ideas, new products and new services.
This creation of wealth will ultimately lead to a transfer of wealth from the wicked to the righteous on the earth.
Remember that God, by giving Jacob a creative dream, transferred the wealth of Laban to Jacob.
Genesis 31:6-12 (KJV).
In the same way today God’s people who will seek riches in righteousness will be given creative ideas, visions or dreams that will create new wealth and cause a transfer of wealth from the world to the body of Christ.
The body of Christ will be the most powerful financial institution on the earth.
Local churches will be rich enough to have their own banks and lend to whole nations in fulfillment of:
Deuteronomy 28:12 The LORD shall open unto thee his good treasure, the heaven to give the rain unto thy land in his season, and to bless all the work of thine hand: and thou shalt lend unto many nations, and thou shalt not borrow.
God, through the creative ideas He will give His people, will cause a shaking of the economies of the world and fill His house (i.e. the church) with the glory of prosperity. This will cause the desire of all nations to turn to him causing the gospel of the Kingdom to be preached unto all nations or tribes and tongues and the end-time harvest souls to come into the church.
Haggai 2:7-9 (KJV).
Matthew 24:14 (KJV) And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come.
Isaiah 60:4-6 (NIV) .
Like Joseph, the end-time church will have the ‘corn’ of goods and services in a time of worldwide financial famine because of a lack of integrity and discipline in many corporate bodies.
Genesis 41:56-57 (KJV).
We are already seeing the beginning of this in the financial collapse of Enron, Arthur Anderson and other hitherto powerful financial, industrial and multinational corporate bodies. It is vital to understand that with iniquity abounding (Mt.24: 12), in this 3rd. day, it is only by the grace of God through Jesus Christ that men can maintain a high enough level of integrity and discipline for success in the business and industrial world. This is why it is the church that is operating in the wisdom and righteousness of God that will excel, in this day, in the creation of wealth.
In our article next week we will see practical steps we can take to increase in riches in righteousness.‘RHOC’: Why Andy Cohen Told Vicki Gunvalson to Be Happy After Demotion
Vicki Gunvalson was demoted from a full cast member on Real Housewives of Orange County (RHOC) to a “friend.” She hasn’t said much about the change until now. Find out what Andy Cohen told her to say about it and more.
Vicki Gunvalson was demoted to a friend on RHOC
The reality star was the last original star standing on RHOC. That all changed with her getting demoted to a “friend” for season 14.
Radar Online reported that she was demoted because she didn’t have a story for the new season. “When you added that on top of the cocaine drama with Kelly [Dodd], it was just her time to go,” a source said.
The news didn’t get out until the official photos and trailer for the season were released. Gunvalson posted her own photo on Instagram and wrote about the change in the caption.
,” read the caption.
Kelly Dodd called her ‘desperate’
Things are still not going well with Gunvalson and Kelly Dodd. She claimed she was “desperate” to get her position on the show back.
“She chases me around Tamra’s house,” she teased to Entertainment Tonight. .”
Dodd also said, “She wants to be a part of the group. She’s kind of like an outcast. Nobody really wants to deal with her, and if she makes things right with me, everybody will be more apt to get her back into the groove.”
Andy Cohen told her to be happy and proud
It took some time before Gunvalson addressed her new position on the show. She said she turned to Andy Cohen for help.
“I talked to [Andy Cohen] last night, because I said, ‘What do I say?’ He said, ‘You know what, nobody has ever lasted 14 years on a reality show, be happy and proud of that.’ And I’m still in,” Gunvalson said on Jerry O’.
“Our producer Scott Dunlap said, ‘Unless they kick you off the horse, don’t voluntarily get off the horse.’ So, I’m still on the horse. I’m still on the pony! I don’t know what my future is, but I’m having fun and they’re my friends,” she said.
It should be interesting for fans to see what Gunvalson will do in her new role and if she’ll get her position back in the future.Unhappy Career Choices
Lisa is a Social Worker who chose her career because it's what her mother did. Her mom was always so inspired by her work representing and advocating for the poor that Lisa thought she would find the same energy and enthusiasm. It never happened. She is deeply unhappy with the work and would go into something else but has no idea of what she would do instead. She is in a quandary about what to do.
Alex is an Accountant who is unhappy in his career. He is a bright guy who does his job quite well. He makes a good living, far better than most. Yet, money and career success give him no sense of satisfaction. He knows he can change careers but has no idea what he would do instead. He never had a driving ambition to be an accountant. He was always good with numbers, High School teachers and College professors encouraged his becoming an accountant. In effect, he has always felt the career chose him rather than he the career. He feels left in a quandary about what to do.
There are many other people just like Alex and the reasons are many and diverse. For example:
1.Boredom due to the repetitiveness of the work.
2.Low salary with heavy work load.
3."Burn Out" due to work pressure.
4.Too many years at the same job so that it is no longer challenging.
5.Absence of a career ladder for advancement.
6.Experiencing the work as below one’s abilities and skills.
7.Experiencing the work as too difficult and above one’s abilities and skills.
8.Very short vacation time.
9.Working in a corporate environment that is unresponsive to worker needs and suggestions.
10.Working in an authoritarian environment in which there is a lot of hostility.
11.Low prestige and status for the type of job position.
12.Disappointment and disillusionment about what they initially thought the career would be like,
These are just a few of the factors that cause work and career dissatisfaction.
Despite the fact that so many people are unhappy with their career choices, they remain in their jobs without making any changes. For some, a dim or pessimistic view of life leaves them with the notion that nothing better can be expected in their lives. Then, too, there are people who want job security regardless of how unhappy they are with their circumstances. These are people whose productivity decreases over the years. Poor evaluations and low salary are acceptable trade-offs for the sake of safety and job security. Their approach to job unhappiness is to count the days until each holiday, to each vacation, and to their day of retirement. Of course, there are people who need their present job regardless of how unhappy they may be. These are people with families to feed and clothes, and mortgages to pay for. Many people seem unaware that they could have choices and make choices and changes in their career paths. Believing they have no options, they just continue, in a dogged and stubborn way, to go the same job, never understanding that their lives could be better. Then, too, there is the cold and hard fact that the present day economy does not guarantee finding another job even if a career change is made.
There is another type of career person who, like Alex and Lisa, is unhappy with what they do and who is aware that career change is possible and desirable. Yet, they have no idea of what they would do to make a living if they did not maintain their present status. Very often these are individuals, just like Alex, who never knew what they wanted to do. When asked what their dreams were when they were children, they draw a blank and report that they never had any dreams. When asked how they selected their present work, they provide explanations about how they found the job or how the job found them. However, these people make it clear that there was no motivating force that drove them toward what they are now doing. Perhaps the fact that it pays "good money" was as good a motivation as anything else. For this individual, as for many others, there was a time, years ago, when the economy was different and people were guaranteed a job for the rest of their lives.
Today, with a fast changing economy deeply affected by the international situation, including the inroads made by China and other nations into our economy, including the fact that many companies have now moved overseas where labor and manufacturing are less expensive than in the United States, there is no longer any guarantee about working for one company or even in one type of business for the remainder of a person's life.
Individuals who back into a job without any type of vision or ambition often find themselves in a crisis if the company for which they are working either changes location to a different part of the country or goes out of business altogether. At that point, the individual is left feeling confused and uncertain about what to do. That is when they may seek psychotherapy. If their hope is that therapy will somehow help them find a job, they are sorely disappointed. In the therapeutic office, they have no better idea of what they want to do about work than before they lost their current job. All they know is that they are unhappy with their situation and want to work, but make little effort to find a job because there is nothing they want to do.
How does this happen?
This happens as a result of feelings of depression that predate their company closing or their losing their job. Further discussion in psychotherapy often reveals the fact that parental attitudes toward work during childhood were extremely negative. In these cases, whether the parent was a medical doctor, postal worker or anything between, they hated their jobs and made that abundantly clear when they came home. These attitudes and feelings were absorbed by their children even if they were not aware of it up until they entered therapy. Without a role model to convey a commitment to work and career, these individuals, when they were children, did not entertain ideas about being a fireman, policeman, or anything else. In fact, they dared not imagine themselves following in the foot steps of their parents because of the bitter complaints they heard at home.
In some cases, parents interfered with this childhood day dreaming and role playing if they (the parent) objected to the type of work the child dreamed about. Of course, that type of parental intrusion into a child's fantasy world interferes with the developing creativity and imagination of this budding mind. The child who has this type of experience and grows up without the unfettered opportunity to imagine being a nurse, doctor, sanitation worker or anything else is left without the ability to imagine themselves as defined by any type of career. They may work, but without joy, pleasure or any sense of accomplishment.
In treatment I hear many of these types of individuals complain that their friends have gone far beyond them in their lives. The complaint is not that their friends are making more money than they are, but that they talk about themselves, with pleasure, as being an accountant, a lawyer, a plumber, or any number of other professions or types of work. In other words, their friends have a sense of commitment to something more than just earning some money. They have a commitment that is envied by the person who has no guide to who they are or what they should do.
What is the solution to this dilemma?
This is a difficult question to answer but one of the suggestions I work with in therapy with someone struggling with an identity crisis about their career goal, is to ask them what kind of work they might like to do but without worrying about reality issues. What types of reality issues are referred to here? These are the reality issues their parents used to interfere with their imaginings when they were children.
Among these reality issues are things like:
•Salary considerations.
•Further professional education.
•How to pay for further professional education.
•Whether or not it is possible to make a living at the imagined type of work.
•Believing that the profession or type of work is too high in status or too low in status.
•What other people might think about the career choice.
These are just a few of the issues that plague many people when thinking about careers. What is particularly disturbing is that these types of questions stop people from allowing their imaginations to place them into one type of work or another. The fact is that people are capable of making things happen for themselves if they allow themselves the chance to dream.
A Startling Example of Someone Who Brought Dreams to Reality
Many years ago, when I worked in a hospital psychiatry department as a clinical social worker, I met an elderly psychiatrist who always seemed energetic and enthusiastic - way beyond anything demonstrated by any of the other professionals in the department. Among these other, much younger professionals, were nurses, social workers, secretaries, and, of course, psychiatrists..
I was speechless to hear that retirement was not a consideration since he had just completed his psychiatric residency and this was his first paying job as an attending psychiatrist in a hospital. Incredulous but relieved at his good humored response, I asked him how this was possible? He told me in a good natured way that, when he was in his sixties, he and his wife agreed that he should pursue his life long dream of becoming a medical doctor. Rejected from all American medical schools, he went to a school in the Caribbean, completed its program, came back to the United States, took the boards, passed, and was then accepted into an American school where he completed his medical training. Undaunted by the fact that most hospitals did not want to hire such an elderly man, he continued to seek employment until he found his present position in a hospital that did not fear the elderly.
This inspiring story is true and underlines the fact that it is never too late if someone has a dream that they refuse to give up, regardless of the odds against its fulfillment.
The message I am conveying is: allow yourself to dream and don't allow others to discourage you, regardless of the odds against realizing your goals. Perhaps it is something you cannot do now but, in the future, there is always hope, that is, if you keep your dreams and refuse to listen to the nay sayers.
Help is available. Contact Allan N. Schwartz, PhD at: [email protected] or by phone at: 720-470-2028. Dr. Schwartz practices psychotherapy in Southwest Florida.
Unhappy Career ChoicesDonald Trump has been surrounded by controversy ever since he announced his campaign for the position of president. However, Trump reportedly made a very disparaging comment on immigrants coming from Africa and Haiti on Thursday during a private White House meeting.
“Why do we want all these people from s—hole countries coming here?”
Of course, this comment was leaked and made public. Many citizens are deeply offended by the statement made by the president. Prep junior Steven Abogunde, whose parents both lived and grew up in Nigeria, felt strongly about this topic.
“He honestly doesn’t know what he’s saying,” Steven said, “There’s a lot of Africans out there that are employed and are good people. He is just making a fool of himself.”
In Africa, government officials are just as outraged by the president’s remarks if not more than Steven is. The African Union made a statement on the matter, vehemently opposing Trump’s harsh words.
“The African Union wishes to express it’s infuriation, disappointment and outrage over the unfortunate comment made by Donald Trump, the President of the United States of America, which remarks dishonor the celebrated American creed and respect for diversity and human dignity.”
Not much else can be said about the statement besides the fact it was completely unnecessary and crude. While Trump has been able to dodge many controversial bullets during his time in office without having to fully address them, this comment is something that will not go away. So far, Trump has denied the statement he made, even though there is substantial evidence of him saying these words. Hopefully he will come to senses and apologize for what he said, but as more and more issues that surround him are often swept under the rug by his administration, it is reasonable to doubt an apology from Donald Trump.
1 thought on “Harsh statement from President Trump leaves millions offended”
No apologies needed from DJT you only took one version of the story that was a lie by Dick Durbin made to discredit Trump. Get the real story before reporting only one side of it.A lot of the fuel vitality in the vehicle is transformed into temperature approximately 70Percent, which is the task of your car’s air conditioning to deal with that temperature. A car’s engine has numerous elements shifting consistently to build strength. These shifting pieces create rubbing that results in substantial temps. Though electric motor essential oil is pumped through the engine to offer lubrication, it is not adequate to surmount all the extreme temperature. Consequentially, a number of areas of the motor achieve temps high enough to result in problems. This is why a air conditioning becomes needed in the vehicle.
The engine has to be kept relatively awesome to operate usually and to avoid seizures. To preclude this from happening, normal water and coolant liquid is pumped through several components of the motor to soak up warmth. Once the heated up liquid exits the motor, it re-enters the radiator, exactly where driven through a number of inner folds up and compartments, it really is cooled. Designed to move warmth in the blend of h2o along with the coolant coming from the engine, the radiator the type of temperature exchanger. The radiator is assisted by a fan that blows coolers outdoors atmosphere to quicken the cooling down method.
Most present day automobiles use horizontal radiators made of thin aluminum pipes. A number of pipes are arranged parallel and the superheated liquid passes from the inlet as the fins conduct the high temperature from the tubing and transfer it towards the oxygen, blown by the fan throughout the radiator. Automobiles operate on an array of temps, from below the very cold point out above 38 qualifications Celsius 100 F. Water is an efficient absorbent of heat but it freezes at too high a temperature for that it is work well in auto engines. The liquid employed in most vehicles at present is a combination of drinking water and ethylene glycol, also called anti- freeze or generator coolant. This coolant also inhibits corrosion and rust in the metallic elements.
Like the majority of elements in an automobile, a radiator carries a finite lifespan. Some automobile radiators last many years although some last generations. Also, because of the spot of any car’s radiator, it can be prone to problems even from slight crashes and fender benders. Split or leakage of a radiator makes it inoperable nearly straight away. Looking to fix breaks inside the radiator might not exactly prolong their daily life. Even solvents as robust as epoxy give in for the high challenges and temperatures.Note to the Teacher
The scripture we read today is the story of when Jesus appears to the disciples and Thomas after Jesus’ resurrection. The ice breaker helps youth realize how many wild stories are in the Bible. The discussion engages students by digging deep into Thomas’s doubts and their own questions about faith. The activity helps students put it all together by being surprised by the talents of others. Times are based on a fifty-minute lesson period but may be adjusted.
1. Ice Breaker: Believe It or Not? (10 minutes)
In this ice breaker, you will ask students if they believe that the story you will talk about is in the Bible (true) or if it is not (False). The object is to show some of the unbelievable things that happen in the Bible to get students thinking about how Thomas must have felt when the other disciples told him they had seen and heard from Jesus. Read what is listed below and then ask students if they believe it is in the Bible. Afterward, if time allows, have a student look up the verse and read it aloud to the group. Enjoy! (If doing this activity online, invite youth to get a red object to hold up for “false” answers and a green object for “true” answers before you begin the trivia. That way, people can share their answers without shouting over one another.)
- Guy named Balaam talks to a donkey. (False (but tricky!) God talks through the Donkey to Balaam. So technically, it’s God talking with Balaam, not the donkey and Balaam talking. - Numbers 22:28)
- Teens get mauled by a bear for making fun of a bald guy. (True – 2 Kings 2:23-25)
- Man lights a bunch of foxes’ tails on fire. (True – Judges 15:4)
- Poor city boy ventures out into the dessert and finds a magic lamp hidden in the cave of wonders. (False – This is from the movie Aladdin)
- Priests plan to kill a guy who has already died. (True – John 12:9-11, the story of Lazarus)
- Guy gets his hair caught in a tree, and it turns out to be his worst day ever! (True – 2 Samuel 18:6-15)
- Axe mishap on a construction site turns into a river miracle. (True – 2 Kings 6:1-7)
- A teenager fell asleep during a sermon and fell out of a window and died! (True – Acts 20:9)
Feel free to add your own or ask students to share stories from the Bible that they think are hard to believe.
2. Read Scripture (5 minutes)
Our scripture reading today is the story of Jesus appearing to the disciples and Thomas after Jesus’ resurrection from the grave. Ask students to imagine themselves in the room with the disciples and think about how they would feel if they had seen Jesus after he had already been buried in the tomb.
Read John 20:19-31.
3. Discussion (15 minutes)
- Someone describe what is happening in verse 19. How would you feel if you were in the room with Jesus and the disciples?
- What is the first thing Jesus said to them? [Answer: Peace be with you” (v. 19).]
- Jesus does something weird right before he tells them to “Receive the Holy Spirit.” What does he do? Why do you think he does this? [Answer: Jesus breathes on them (v. 22).]
- Looking back at the start of verse 19, why do you think the disciples were locked in their house? What were they afraid of?
- Who was missing from this first encounter with Jesus? Where do you think he was? [Answer: Thomas was missing, and we do not know where he was. Wherever he was, he wasn’t with the other disciples, so he missed out on seeing Jesus. The best place to be when you’re growing in your faith is in the company of fellow believers.]
- When the disciples tell Thomas that Jesus had come to them, what does Thomas say? [Answer: “Unless I see the marks of the nails in his hands and put my finger in the mark of the nails and my hand in his side, I will not believe” (v. 25).]
- What could make it hard for Thomas to believe that Jesus came and visited the disciples?
- What makes it hard for people to believe in Jesus sometimes? What do they have in common with Thomas?
- We read in verse 26 that the disciples were again locked in a house. How have you felt isolated or alone this past year? How does your understanding of isolation help you identify with some of the feelings the disciples have in this episode?
- Has it been hard for you to believe in God during this time? Why or why not?
- What has helped you grow in your faith during these series of quarantines or lock downs?
- Jesus shows up to the disciples, including Thomas, once more and asks Thomas to do something weird. What was it? [Answer: “Put your finger here and see my hands. Reach out your hand and put it in my side. Do not doubt but believe” (v. 27).]
- Then Jesus asks them, “Have you believed because you have seen me?” Have you ever struggled with believing in Jesus because you can’t physically see him?
- Jesus goes on to say, “Blessed are those who have not seen and yet have come to believe.” (v. 29) What do you think he means by this? [Answer: Jesus is commissioning Thomas to go and help others believe. Even though they won’t physically be able to see Jesus, they will be able to see the love of Christ through our words and actions.]
- How are you struggling with your own faith? What are some of your friends’ and family’s struggles with faith?
- Who can we reach out to this week who really needs help seeing Christ at work in the world? How can we show them that love?
4. Activity and Discussion (20 minutes)
For our closing activity, we are going to have a talent show. Whether you are doing this in person or via video, a good old-fashioned talent show is always a lot of fun. You’ll never believe what some people’s talents are. In today’s talent show, ask students to take a few minutes to come up with a talent they can share with the group, something unique or interesting. (You may even invite youth to prepare these ahead of time in your invitation to this week’s gathering.) Students don’t have to sing or dance. Some might be able to recite fifty digits of the number pi. Others might be able to turn their hand 360 degrees on a table. Tell students they will have fewer than sixty seconds to perform their talent in front of the group. Not every student has to participant. Provide a way for students to opt out without feeling embarrassed in front of the group. Allow students to perform their talents together if they’d like. For example, if two students want to come together and sing a song, that’s totally fine! After each talent performance, ask students to clap and make a lot of noise for the participant! The more noise, the better!
After the talent show, thank everyone for being willing to share and then ask the following questions:
- Who surprised you the most with their talent?
- Why is it so hard to believe that people have unique talents? Explain.
- What made it hard to believe those stories we read at the beginning of our time together?
- Why do you think it was so hard for Thomas to believe that Jesus had showed up after he was put in the tomb?
- Are there other stories in the Bible you find hard to believe? Why?
- Why is it so hard to believe things that we don’t see? Explain.
- What did you learn about believing today?
Thomas didn’t believe at first because he hadn’t been in the company of the disciples when Jesus first appeared to them in the house. We’re not sure where he was, but he missed out not only on seeing Jesus, but on being in a supportive community. This week, challenge your students to gather with other Christians and find one story in the Bible that’s “hard to believe” and discuss it as a group.
Close your time together in a manner that is typical for you. Consider taking joys and concerns, then asking for a volunteer to close in prayer.Subscribe to our newsletter By subscribing, you agree with Revue’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy and understand that Penny Fractions will receive your email address. Feb 27, 2019 Penny Fractions: Is There Gold at the End of the TikTok Rainbow? Hello! First off, thank you to everyone that participated in my reader survey. I decided to leave it Penny Fractions: Is There Gold at the End of the TikTok Rainbow? By David Turner • Issue #76 • View online Hello! First off, thank you to everyone that participated in my reader survey. I decided to leave it up a couple more weeks in case people didn’t get to it last week. I know a lot of news is flying right now about Warner Music Group suing Spotify in India, and part of the reason I made a Patreon page was to cover more breaking news without upending my entire newsletter, so my immediate thoughts on that topic are on my Patreon page for $3-and-up subscribers. I also made a couple of changes to my Patreon that I detail below, but now let’s get to talking about the emerging video world of TikTok. Musical.ly to TikTok Back in 2013 when Vine was first created, I immediately hopped onto the app. I was fairly indifferent towards Instagram and honestly preferred Snapchat’s ephemeral nature after a half-decade of Facebook towering over all social interactions. Even though I found Vine amusing, I quickly learned that I couldn’t pass as a Vine creator and so I let most of my Vine consumption happen via platforms I was more comfortable with: Twitter, YouTube, or even club remixes of popular memes.Post-Vine, other apps attempted to fill the same niche: Dubsmash, Musical.ly, and Triller being the most well-known. In only a couple of years time, Musical.ly broke away from the pack and presented itself as the future of music discovery in a fully post-YouTube digital world. Initially, Musical.ly’s unique selling point appeared to be that most creators and users on it were barely out of their teenage years (if even that old). Even industry reporters and watchers that make careers out of “keeping up with what the kids are doing” might’ve felt a slight unease following an app dominated by children.The app’s popularity continued to grow and in late 2017 it was purchased by the Chinese company Bytedance for $800 million, according to Recode. Within the next year, Bytedance merged Musical.ly with its own highly popular Chinese video app Douyin and rebranded as “TikTik” for non-Chinese markets. Maybe it was something about my particular New York neighborhood but I constantly saw ads for the rebranded app all over the place. If I was too old to be the initial target demographic of Musical.ly, the company made a clear break with the past to appeal to a broader demographic. Earlier this week, Kerry Flynn of Digiday reported that TikTok currently has over 26.5 million monthly active users in the United States and that the average user spends 46 minutes on the app. In other words, there’s definitely some momentum building. Musical.ly Grows Into a Music Company Less than a year after its launch in 2014, Musical.ly debuted its first major partnership: the #ShareACoke campaign with Coca-Cola. In 2017, when describing the app, Forbes bluntly highlighted the business opportunities that could be found in the burgeoning app:.A couple of years later, Musical.ly entered its first major press push, where the company revealed a partnership with Warner Music Group. Billboard’s June 2016 piece didn’t mention any original content by creators and instead focused on the platform’s marketing campaigns made for established artists like Ariana Grande, Jason Derulo, and Meghan Trainor. Stories about Musical.ly birthing stars like Baby Ariel and Jacob Sartorius arrived to provide a narrative for culture-based publications like W, claiming that Musical.ly was creating a new exciting world of stars to discover, while business publications wrote about how to use the app to market to the forever-desirable youth demographic. Even Google trends show that Musical.ly’s peak search moment was during this flurry of targeted summer news stories. The central story around Musical.ly (and eventually TikTok) became focused on the incredibly young audience for advertisers, rather than on the app’s ability to provide a sustainable platform for creators and for individuals who license music to see a healthy return. The rosey business tale glosses over creator centered issues that lead to YouTubers expressing concern with advertising revenues or Vine’s top creators banding together with demands for the platform and threats to leave if demands aren’t met. That underlying tension between creators, who feel that they need to be properly compensated for helping make these apps worth millions (if not billions) of dollars, is hard to ignore.Last week, Adweek reported that biddable ads are coming to TikTok, which for a small cluster of readers might be exciting news. Yet again, this piece of news points to the broader point that TikTok isn’t interested in single individual content creators but rather in the sheer size of the young audience on the platform. This is ultimately no different than Vine, YouTube, or Facebook—TikTok isn’t a company for creators, it’s one for advertisers. What Does TikTok Owe Creators? Earlier this month, Duncan Cooper wrote a piece in Pitchfork titled “How TikTok Gets Rich While Paying Artists Pennies” about multiple creator side issues found within TikTok. The story is again reminiscent of the early days of YouTube, where creators are happy to see their content get shared and gain notoriety, but start to wonder why they aren’t getting paid more when the app they’re posting on is worth over a billion dollars. The story initially centers on two creators, Xeno Carr and Smokehijabi, whose quasi-viral song “Mia Khalifa” skyrocketed in popularity due to TikTok. Cooper lays out the step-by-step development that brought the song to such fame and in the process helps unknot just how many individual creators are needed, and are often overlooked, when it comes to creating a “viral” hit. Yet it was this part of the article that really stuck out to me (emphasis mine):Not long after, TikTok finally got in touch with their manager, who tells me he worked out a deal that grants TikTok continued, free use of “Mia Khalifa” in exchange for the promotion of iLOVEFRiDAY’s future releases. “At the end of the day, the relationship with TikTok is more important than asking them to pay me for a record,” he adds. “It’s giving us exposure, and that’s what we need to push the brand forward.”There’s that word. That singular word that has defined so much of this decade’s conceptualization of social media fame in lieu of actual money: Exposure.TikTok, like Musical.ly before it, is an app mostly for kids and by kids. The business choice of relying on advertising pushes apps away from fully supporting creators on their platforms because that isn’t how these companies ultimately look to make money. That’s why I found Pitchfork’s article a bit odd; not because I think artists shouldn’t get compensated for their labor on these platforms, but rather because these are platforms built explicitly to exploit that labor. Even for artists who see their music flourish on TikTok, the deal signed by a major label like Warner leads to payouts much closer to Instagram’s than Spotify’s, as Cooper writes:In 2016, Warner was the first label to announce they were sharing music with Musical.ly, and as is typical of early arrangements with tech companies, they did a blanket license, also known as a buyout: The royalty-holder grants access to a bundle of songs, with a payment up front to distribute however they see fit.The story does highlight that the duo behind “Mia Khalifa” did find monetary success on other platforms, but that just obscures the fact that the platform where one finds an audience isn’t built to support them. If one can’t make money off TikTok, there can be a boost of streams from YouTube or Spotify; if one can’t make money from YouTube, then create a Patreon. Even if an obscure song by an artist goes viral on TikTok, one must hope that the interest generated can jump across to a platform that will properly compensate them. Not exactly the best system for building a career.Now I do think TikTok is a neat app and certainly creates a lot of fun content to watch. But Cooper effectively shows that striving for career sustainability on one of these platforms at this point feels misguided. A small step would be for labels to sign better deals with these entertainment platforms, but most of these companies don’t want to end up like Spotify, where the money generated just funnels back to the same cluster of music companies. Ultimately, TikTok may birth new artists, but the platform isn’t interested in building talent, much in the same way as it doesn’t want to pay artists properly. The demands of creators are viewed not as workers demanding their rightful piece of the pie, but rather as a burden placed on the platform. Patreon Update: I wanted to give a little update to my Patreon. I received feedback about adding a $1 tier, which you know sounded fine to me. However, if I did that, I figured I’d have to change how I set up the $3 tier. I also updated the goals on the page, but I’ll be discussing more of that in my March Patreon update, which will come out on Friday for $3 up subscribers. So here are the updated Penny Fractions Patreon tiers: Tip-Jar ($1 or more a month)Receive the satisfaction of knowing you’re helping support a newsletter you hopefully enjoy. (Dear gawd, I hope you enjoy it if you’re willing to press this button)Supporters ($3 or more a month) Access to monthly previews of upcoming Penny Fractions newsletters and the occasional—read: like once or twice a month—news commentary post. Stans ($6 or more a month)Access to Patreon-only commentary that’ll range from reactions to news stories, book reviews, and answering reader questions. 6 Links 2 Read Dubsmash has relaunched as an app focused on dance challenges - Music AllyI mentioned Dubsmash earlier but can the app find a new home drilling down on this particular niche? I highly doubt it with the genuine popularity of TikTok rising and there only being so much time for short-form video content. Even If the Fortnite Emote Lawsuits Fail, This Issue Isn’t Going Away - The IntelligencerI’m not sure when will be the time to really unpack my thoughts on the Fortnite dance lawsuits but I really should get around to doing that someday. Twitter Records 5.3 Billion Tweets Associated With K-Pop in 2018 - BillboardThis is a pure press release that’s essentially just upselling K-Pop and while I have nothing, repeat, nothing to prove this, I increasingly wonder how much online traffic driven by K-Pop fans isn’t in some way either formed by bots or outright manipulated. Again, I have nothing to prove this, but just observing the last few years of online behavior makes me a bit dubious of high-level digital engagement on platforms like Twitter. Sports Lead, Spotify Studios - Spotify’s Job PostingsI can argue another day that job listings are often much more newsworthy than many actual news stories that come out of most companies. This feels like a good example because I’ll be interested to see what kind of sports play Spotify attempts to make within the podcast context. Creators Must Be Paid For Their Art: What Needs to Happen? - XLR8RThis piece raises many of the same questions about the future of music and artists that I’ve asked in the last few weeks. I do wish the author was a bit more assertive in his own thoughts on how to improve the situation, but I can only ask so much of writers. Water and Music Podcast - Cherie HuCherie Hu invited me onto her new podcast to talk about the marketing/release strategy of Ariana Grande’s last two albums. The chat was a blast and I’m certainly always down to appear on other podcasts! The Penny Fractions newsletter arrives every Wednesday morning (EST). If you’d like to support it, check out.OnePlus unveiled the OnePlus 9RT smartphone.
OnePlus has a clear branding strategy in India, where the phone sells models under its number series in the premium segment and the Nord-series in the mid-range segment.
However, a device named the OnePlus RT wouldn’t fall in either of those categories, and the beginning of a new series altogether at this time seems unlikely.
That said, we should know more about the launch of the phone once OnePlus officially announces it in the country, which shouldn’t be too long from now.
The OnePlus 9RT China variant features a 6.62-inch FHD+ AMOLED panel with 12Hz refresh rate support.
It also adds a Qualcomm Snapdragon 888 SoC paired with 12GB LPDDR5 RAM. The phone also comes with up to 256GB storage, a 4,500mAh dual-cell battery, and Warp Charge 65T support.
Coming to the cameras, we have a primary 50MP Sony IMX766 sensor, a 16MP ultra-wide sensor, and a 2MP macro sensor on the back.
On the front is a 16MP Sony IMX471 for selfies and video calls. The OnePlus 9RT also supports 5G, 4G LTE, Wi-Fi 6, Bluetooth v5.2, GPS/A-GPS, and NFC and starts at CNY 3,299 about Rs. 38,600 in China.
OnePlus unveiled the OnePlus 9RT smartphone in China in October this year, and a month later, we are yet to see the phone launch in India. However, a new report on the matter suggests we may finally see the OnePlus 9RT come to India, but with a new name.
OnePlus 9RT has been listed on the BIS website as the OnePlus RT.
The phone was seen with the model number OP5154L1. The fact that it was spotted on the BIS site suggests that a launch is inevitable, but the missing ‘9’ in the name does raise a few questions.
- Zorins TV :
IOS APP, ANDROID APP, JIO TV APP,
And also on :Lap.
Portable Valve Grinding and Lapping Machine products from Metals Kingdom Industry Limited Sincere Union ImpampExp Co.,Ltd. Search Keywords. Menu ... M-100C Cone Globe Valve Grinding Machine Portable Valve Grinding and Lapping Machine For GlobeSaft. 1 Unit Min. Order
Toportable valve repair machines are used for performing tasks such as valve seat repair, machining, and precision finishing of sealing faces as well as valve grinding and lapping operations. it machines cover all types of valves including gate, parallel slide, check, globe, and safety valves.
China Lapping Machine manufacturers - Select 2021 high quality Lapping Machine products in best price from certified Chinese Cnc Cutting Machine, Grinding Machine suppliers, wholesalers and factory on Made-in-China.com
porTABLe GrIndInG LAppInG mAchInes unigrind shs 600 portable high speed gate valve grinding machine for on site or in shop use for working on sealing surfaces of Gate valves swing check valves Gate valve wedges and disks Advantages 6 8 times. Get Price.
Portable Grinding Lapping Machine For Flat Seated Globe Valves 3 To 12 Made In China. 2019-6-14 Home Exhibition PUXIN portable assembly biogas system - medium and large sie - Shenhen Puxin Technology Co. Ltd. All Sectors. ADDITIVES EXTRACTS AND FOOD INGREDIENTS . VALVES.
Mactech Line Boring Bar Mactech Line Boring BarMactech portable line boring machines make on-site boring operations much faster and easier.Our most popular BB2250 system incorporates a pushpull travelling bar and covers a wide range of applications and sizes. We also provide a MBMC system.This system has an integrated feed screw, which enables the cutting head
Metal Machines Engineering Services Pte Ltd was founded in 1973, is a leading engineering solutions provider, offering the following high quality services and products for the marine, offshore, oil amp gas, petrochemical, mining and power generation industries. We provide services as follows- In-Situ Machining Laser-assisted Survey and Alignment Engine Overhaul and Mechanical Component ...
Spesialiteter Line Boring, Bore Welding, Flange Facing, Circular Milling, Portable Milling, Portable Lathe, Heavy Duty Drills, Key Mills, End Prep Machines, Tube Bevelers, Pipe Cutting, Valve Lapping amp Grinding, Valve Testing, Portable Machine Tools, On Site Machining, Custom Engineering, Manufacturing, Mining amp Heavy Construction, Power Generation, Ship Building amp Repair, Oil amp Gas
Apr 25, 2013 Portable Grinding Machine for Gate-, Parallel Slide-, Check- amp Globe. Valves 1 64 DN40 1600 mm. The ORBIT is a robust, but light weight grinding and ... In-Line Valve Repair Valve Lapping Machines In-Situ Machining ...
Lapping Machine Price - Select 2021 high quality Lapping Machine Price products in best price from certified Chinese Mini Washing Machine manufacturers, Attaching Machine suppliers, wholesalers and factory on Made-in-China.com, page 2 or in workshop use.
LarsLap Model S-C. Portable machine for grinding and lapping seat surfaces. Ideal for gate and check valves with flat and chamfering surfaces and wedges. Get Quote Portable valve grinding and lapping machines for flat seats Valva Portable machines for grinding and lapping of sealing faces in valves, valve disks, flanges etc. ...
Portable Grinding Machine for Gate-, Parallel Slide-, Check V-tec is a member of the Ventil Group Orbit Series Portable Grinding Machine for Gate-, Parallel Slide-, Check- amp Globe Valves 1 40 DN25 1000 mm..
Portable valve lapping machines for on-site and in-situ valve lapping and repair. Following the trend of reducing operational downtime, Ventil offers an extended range of lightweight machines for valve lapping and repair on-site, without the need to remove the valve from the pipe line.
VALVE REPAIR EQUIPMENT. Back to Valve Test amp Repair Equipment. POLIR. HAND-CONTROLLED, BATTERY DRIVEN GRINDING AND LAPPING MACHINE FOR FLAT AND CONICAL SEATS. More. ORBIT. PORTABLE GRINDING AND LAPPING MACHINE FOR GATE, PARALLEL SLIDE, CHECK AND SAFETY AND GLOBE VALVES. More.
EFCO USA, Inc. Valve Repair amp ...
Find many great new amp used options and get the best deals for Fate Root Heath Company Simplex Portable Lapping Machine 150 amp parts manual at the best
lapping machine manufacturersupplier, China lapping machine manufacturer amp factory list, find qualified Chinese lapping machine manufacturers, suppliers, factories, exporters amp wholesalers quickly on Made-in-China.com.
Valve Lapping Machine , Find Complete Details about Valve Lapping Machine,Valve Lapping Machine,Portable Valve Grinder,Valve Grinder from Surface Grinding Machines Supplier or Manufacturer-Yongjia Dory Machinery Manufacture Co., Ltd.
portable grinding lapping machine for flat seated globe valves 3 to 12 made in china. Lightweight for easy handling and installation, our valve grinding and lapping machines span working ranges for gate valves from 1.3 to 39.4 inches 32 to 1000 mm. During operation, you can quickly change grinding disks and adjust the grind pressure. Solid machinefor on site in line.
TDF400 valve repair machine is a portable versatile machine for on-site valve repair such as valve face grind amp lap, boring inner bore, bevel and groove machining, etc. ... Portable Line Boring Machines ... and precision finishing of sealing faces as well as valve grinding and lapping operations. The portable
Description. The Ventil POLIR F6 is a portable, battery driven grinding and lapping machine for Globe and Safety valves in the range 38 6. The handy machine is delivered ready for use, packed in a robust carrying case. The POLIR F6 is optionally available with a pneumatic ...
Portable Grinding And Lapping Machine. Portable Lapping Machine View Portable Lapping Machine . Portable.
Visit Site.
por le machine for grindind and lapping. Portable grinding machine All industrial manufacturers Find your portable grinding machine easily amongst the 7 products from the leading brands on Direct the industry specialist for your professional purchases Purpose portable machine is designed for grinding and lapping of the sealing surfaces of the gate valve trim and wedges without their ...
Grinding Plant. MC World is specialized in manufacturing Grinding Mills. Absorbing advanced technology from Europe and combined with more than 30 years market demand, MC World can provide you the most suitable and better performance industrial mills.
Jan 14, 2015 COMPACT, RUGGED, PORTABLE MILLING MACHINE FOR ON-SITE KEYWAYS Designed for shaft diameters from 0.75 to 10.5 inches 19.1 to 266.7 mm, the CLIMAX KM3000 Key Mill
Master first-hand information, focus on sand and aggregate information. Focus on industry trends, focus on information value, and tap business opportunities in the era.Private Investors - 2 new webinars to pique your interest...
⚡Private Investors⚡ a heads up for two new webinars:
1. Hambro Perks EIS Co-Investment Fund: How to invest in unlisted growth companies
Wednesday 14th October at 4pm
The FM Nick Sharp , James Deal of Primary Bid and Tom Scarborough of Movewise will be on the panel and you will have the chance to ask questions, as always, in the Q&A.
This fund backs c. 10-15 small fast growth companies in their early stages and invests at seed to series A. The fund's speciality areas are FinTech, InsureTech, B2B, SaaS, Healthcare and digital media.
EIS is an income tax and capital gains tax relief scheme created by the UK Gov for investors in early start ups.
2. Hays plc - Head of Investor Relations, David Phillips
Thursday 15th October at 12pm
David will provide an introduction to Hays and update on the latest company performance following the trading update for the quarter (Q1) ending 30th September which will be announced on 15th October (the day of the webinar).
Hays Hays (LON:HAS) are the leading global experts in qualified, professional and skilled recruitment. The company employs c.11,500 people around the world who partner with clients and candidates to power the world of work. The company has been in operation for over 50 years and now operates from 260 offices in 33 countries helping to fill over 1,300 jobs every day.
Register here >
Unlock the rest of this article with a 14 day trial
or Unlock with your email
Already have an account?
Login hereReportEmbed
Getting her wet pussy fucked with a nice mushroom head
Related Videos
7:56Asian babe with a hairy muff getting banged by her man99% Like9 years ago 7:56Couple fucking and it is very disgusting100% Like4 years ago 8:01Cute brunette Asian teen getting missionary fucked100% Like4 years ago 8:00Stunning Asian babe getting fucked in her office99% Like5 years ago 7:56She adores rock hard cocks stuck deep in her vagina100% Like4 months ago 8:00Slim Japanese wife sucks and rides hard shaft in POV100% Like9 years ago 7:58Cheating wife getting her soaking wet pussy fucked99% Like3 years ago 8:00Sweet Glasses Wearing Babe Gets To Be Fucked Hard100% Like5 years ago 7:59Skinny Asian redhead enjoys mutual oral before being firmly f100% Like10 years ago 8:00Old man getting that sweet pink slit to drill100% Like7 years ago 7:54Asian babe gets her wet pussy fucked so she cums99% Like5 years ago 7:07Precious and cute teen getting fondled in the car100% Like12 months ago2003.93.2
Shrimp Wharf - Hunter's Point, San Francisco
1889-1974
6.875 in HIGH x 7.875 in WIDE
(17.46 cm HIGH x 20.00 cm WIDE)
(17.46 cm HIGH x 20.00 cm WIDE)
Gift of Mimi Janislavsky
2003.93.2
John Stoll, lower right in pencil
Shrimp Wharf Hunter's Point, S.F. lower left in pencil
Image is of a shrimping boat docked at a pier. A smaller boat is at its side. Three people stand on the pier. Sailboat visible in background (center right of image)
© 2021 Oakland Museum of CaliforniaRIGHTS AND REPRODUCTIONCANNIBAL CORPSE
First of all please give some information for “Wretched Spawn” album.
It was recorded in Sept. And Oct. 2003 at Sonic Ranch in Tornillo, Texas. Neil Kernon produced it.
Where do you think Death Metal is going? I mean when you look at past, what have changed in Death Metal? Is it still brutal to kick asses? And why some Death metal bands care/cared trends?
I think that the newer bands, like Decapitated and Spawn of Possession, for example, are helping to take the Death Metal scene farther down the road of technicality and brutality. This, of course is a positive thing. In the future, Death Metal will only get better and better. Fuck the trendy sell out fuckers who changed their style, Death Metal doesn’t need those weaklings anyway.
Some think D.M. band members are really like on the album booklets. But they’re (generally) normal people. Which do you think important appearance or music? Please explain to us…
Music is the most important thing by far. Appearance is not really important, although I think that death metal bands should try to have some sort of darkness in their image. We are all normal guys, but we love dark, brutal music, and we want to present ourselves this way.
What do you advice new bands? I know too much men who decided to make Death Metal after listening Cannibal Corpse in here.
Pratice, a lot! And have fun, because getting paid to play death metal is nothing short of a miracle. If you want to make money, death metal is a bad choice!
I think there is a transformation after the year 1999. I mean in Seattle and Washington people gave important messages to nations. Are you neutral or take sides? What do you think of protests against WTO?
Fuck politics!
I heard that, an American woman defendant you for your music, is this real ? If it is real please talk about it.
I don’t know anything about this, sorry.
Will you be at a film again with Jim Carrey again? As I heard he’s a death metal fan. Is it true? And what are your fav. films?
Probably not, since there is really no place for us in most movies. Ace Ventura was a fluke. Yes, Jim Carrey likes death metal. He’s a really cool guy! My favorite films are: The Shining, Braveheart, all three Lord of the Rings movies, The Exorcist, Goodfellas, and many more!
In the album Gore Obsessed you covered the song No Remorse. Be sure too many thrash fans liked it in here and they bought your album. Do you miss 80’s? Why?
We liked some of the music from the 80’s, like Metallica, but we don’t miss the 80’s. We would rather look to the future most of the time. We just did “No Remorse” because it’s a really easy song to play, and of course it’s also really heavy.
When will we be able to watch you in here? As I heard before your promoter was the same with the band ‘Destruction’ and he didn’t want you to make show in Turkey because of some problems… Can you explain what the real story is?
I think some of the guys might be worried about security problems in Turkey. I hope we are able to play there soon, but I must convince the other guys in the band that it is a good idea. Hopefully we can play there later this year. I don’t know anything about Destruction’s business, so I don’t know what that is all about.
Have you ever heard any information about Turkey?
Only from the news, really. I have also heard that there is a great death metal scene, with bands like Cenotaph. And I have heard there are many beautiful places to go hiking and camping there. I hope we are able to come this year, maybe in October on our 2nd European tour.
After “Wretched Spawn” naturally you are going to have many tours. Do you like to come Turkey? We’ll be happy to see you here.
Yes, but as I said before, I must talk with the other guys first! I personally want to come to Turkey very soon, I hear we have many fans there!
(This is my friend Volkan’s question) When I was in high school, I failed English lesson because of your cool lyrics. I wanted to translate to your lyrics my english teacher. He said me “you are psychopath” You have a lot of albums and still writing ‘gore’ lyrics. How do you write them? Have you ever thought about writing political lyrics like Napalm Death?
The gore lyrics are inspired by books, movies, violence on the news, and our own personal feelings of rage. Death Metal is a great positive way to use negative energy, in my opinion. We don’t want to write political lyrics, because we don’t want people to be thinking about the news when they listen to our band. Our band is an escape from reality.
I feal admiration your album covers. “Bloodthirst” ‘ s cover is the best for me. A human who don’t knows any information about you can understand your music. Is this your creativity ?
Vincent Locke, our artist, deserves all of the praise for the cover art. As for our music, we try to make technical music that is also easy to remember and listen to, even for a non-musician.
Now the unnecessary questions time ! 🙂 Cartoons have many strange creatures, do you like any cartoon hero ? Please write your top 5 creatures …
I don’t watch cartoons, even the really cool ones like Manga, but I’ll tell you, I think “Brak” is pretty cool. Do a Google search for him singing our song “Fucked with a Knife”, and be ready to laugh!
If you have to kill someone, how do you do this ?
Answer: Any way I have to to survive, I guess!
My questions are over, do you want to say something more?
Thanks to all of our fans in Turkey! We want to come see you this year!
Thanks for interview, we are waiting you Turkey….
Thank you for the interview! I hope to see you in Turkey!
Alex WebsterMeet The Team
Siobhan
Turtley Eco is a business I’ve set up because I want to make a difference; single-use plastic is a huge threat to our oceans and marine animals. I have had a passion for the natural world from a young age and went on to study Wildlife Conservation at university. Over the last 5 years I have travelled around the world volunteering with organisations to preserve the natural world. During this time I saw the impact humanity is having upon the planet and the harm we have done. Now, I work as a Forest School Leader, teaching little ones about the environment and inspiring learning through natural play. I strongly believe that education is the key to saving our planet 🌍Just how to Find a Trustworthy Firm to Do Your Glass Repair Service or Substitute
Whether you have a new broken storefront home window or are simply beginning to discover an ding in your existing home window, Glass will undoubtedly aid you with any type of problems you might be having with your window glass. With greater than twenty years of consolidated experience aiding firms and also locals, we have established a solid track record for providing trusted and also affordable glass repair work and also replacement services. We work with both window owners and specialists to establish an extensive remedy that attends to the distinct needs of each customer. Our dedication to developing a strong following among specialists, home window proprietors and also their family members assists to assure that when you call us, you will receive the finest service feasible. If you have actually been observing a ding or other damage to your home windows, take into consideration purchasing a professional home window glass repair as well as substitute service. Whether it is a tiny ding or a big and exceptionally bothersome split, our expert service technicians are readily available to resolve any kind of issue you might be experiencing. From replacing solitary glass panes or entire home window frames, to sash substitute as well as repair, we have the ability to take care of whatever you require. Whether it is home window glass repair service or replacement, we assure you will certainly be satisfied. Whatever damage has actually occurred, whether from a natural calamity or a criminal act, our experts can aid you get it repaired or changed quickly and successfully. One of our most prominent items are our window glass fixing kits, which are readily available in two types: Bordering Panes and also Flat Windows. As an example, if you in one of your window panes, simply use a thin layer of putty over the area, cover with an additional piece of putty and after that place a quick fix over the top of the putty to seal the edges of the putty. Enable 24 hours to cure. As soon as the putty has actually entirely set, remove the quick fix and your home window pane must be repairable. This product is additionally useful for fixing minor imperfections on other glass materials too. If your home window has actually been made rather some time as well as is in desperate demand of repair, contact us right away to schedule a fast assessment as well as replacement of the damaged pane. Normally, our examination is completed within two days of the damages occurring, as well as our experts will take care of the remainder. During our evaluation, we will analyze the damage as well as recommend the best service for you: either replacement of the entire home window or basic replacement of one pane at once. Sometimes, if one pane is damaged, we can finish a full window glass repair service job for an economical cost. If you have a larger home window glass repair task to do, our professionals can also bring your house to a much better standard. For instance, if you require to replace the home windows due to fire threats or weatherization, our employees can match the brand-new home windows with your old windows without way too much trouble. We can additionally upgrade your residence insulation, and also set up a brand-new exterior shutter system for more security. This all adds up to safeguarding your family as well as house from severe climate components and also other dangers, which ultimately can save you money as well as time on maintenance and also energy costs. If you have a home window glass fixing, remodelling, or window frame job offered, call us today. We provide high quality solutions that fit your budget plan as well as expectations. A multitude of individuals contact us annually to have actually repair services finished or to update their residence as well as company. With our specialist service technicians, pleasant team, and also rapid solution, you can locate the most effective solution for your windows and also safety and security problems.
– Getting Started & Next Steps
5 Takeaways That I Learned About struggles more open than ever, companies need to find ways to support employees with longer-term medical issues as well.
According to the CDC, 60% of American adults are living with some form of chronic disease (like diabetes, heart disease, chronic musculoskeletal pain, or cancer)—and 40% of American adults have more than one chronic health issue. This is a crisis in healthcare, but it’s also a workforce crisis as well. These adults are us, our families, our colleagues.
Chronic pain and illness are also a significant cost for employers, costing up to $216 billion annually in lost time and productivity. Finding ways to support employees with chronic pain or illness is not only the empathetic choice but also the productive path forward for employers and employees alike.
Be open to listening to employees with chronic illness
Too often, chronic pain or illness is a silent problem in the workplace, because people feel like they’re admitting weakness, or that they’ll lose their position if they don’t “tough it out” and act like nothing’s wrong. They often worry that they’ll be seen as slackers, or incompetent, if they can’t match others’ energy and output. To start being a more proactive support system for your workers with chronic illness, start by de-stigmatizing it at the organizational level.
You can help ease this without putting people on the spot—and remember, not all chronic illnesses are apparent to casual observation. General surveys (especially with anonymized feedback) can help you learn more about what struggles your own team might be facing, and what might help them be more productive.
Challenge your assumptions of what’s “normal”
One of the most important things to emphasize when talking to your employees about chronic illness is that you understand that “normal” is relative. For an employee living with chronic health issues, a “norm” of having back-to-back-to-back meetings all day or being on-call after hours can be detrimental to their health. It’s important to acknowledge that limits may exist, and work on setting productivity and performance goals accordingly.
Being accommodating of chronic illness doesn’t mean eliminating standards, but rather revisiting them. Are you prioritizing and praising employees who create and maintain a culture of all-nighters, or work 70-hour weeks? Are alternative ways to meet performance goals embraced? Are you celebrating achievements and contributions that aren’t necessarily tied to grueling hours and exhausting effort? Making sure all contributions are valued can help you create a culture that’s more supportive of people who have medical limitations.
Consider how you can be more flexible
Flexible work arrangements have become vastly more common since the onset of the pandemic—and as more companies look to reshape what “work” looks like moving forward, flexibility is a tool that can be used to make the workplace more hospitable to those with chronic conditions. Offering more work-from-home options can help employees, allowing them to be productive without the stresses of a commute or being physically present in the office. Flextime can also help employees be more productive when they’re able, rather than miss time because they’re in pain or ill.
And at work, what is your physical space like? Are the chairs, desks, and equipment designed ergonomically to prevent stress and support the bodies who use them? Do things need to be lifted from the floor for ease of use, or reached on shelves? Are there quiet areas where employees who need a fatigue-induced break can rest? Physical labor that might seem incidental or minor to some might be excruciating for others, so a little mindfulness goes a long way.
When it comes to supporting employees with chronic health issues, the benefits can be felt throughout your organization. Empathy, adaptability, and visibility are crucial. Many of the hidden costs of chronic pain and illness—to everyone involved—are often preventable, with careful planning and proactive support.
The post How to support employees who have chronic illness appeared first on TheJobNetwork.View credits, reviews, tracks and shop for the Vinyl release of "I'm On The Battlefield For My Lord" on Discogs. Download Gene Elder - I'm On The Battlefield For My Lord flac album free. This is a still sealed record. The cover shows bubbling on the front and ring wear but is in otherwise very nice shape. Rev R.L. White Jr- Excuse Me, I'm Just Set In My Ways (A live sermon) Gene Elder - I'm On The Battlefield For My Lord, WISE SAYING: "I am working for God, for Chri st, and my soul's interest. I am doing a good bring the Lord's Day mornin g lesson to the congregation. SGA, On The Battlefield For My Lord SGA, I Met My Elder This Morning Clara Ward - When He Spoke / The Ward Singers - Oh My Lord. That's contrary to our very nature as the Lord has revealed to us. We do have the power to control our behavior. PUBLIC AFFAIRS: If we were to look back at. Behold, I am the handmaid of the Lord; let it be to me according to your word. You are our privileged brothers and, one might say, our older brothers. (*EPUB)->READ Age and Dancing: Older People and Community Dance Practice BY Diane My Greatest Football Team Ever: Build Your Dream Team BY - Tom Fordyce. 2 Clarence O. Swope, interview by Tom Swope, unpublished transcript, Society, ); Donald F Crosby, Battlefield Chaplains: Catholic Priests in World.
Download Gene Elder Im On The Battlefield For My Lord mp3 flac full album vinyl rip
22.10.202122.10.2021 | | 3 Comments | 22:12
3 thoughts on “Download Gene Elder Im On The Battlefield For My Lord mp3 flac full album vinyl rip”A permacath is a piece of plastic tubing – very similar to a jugular catheter – and is used inexactly the same way for your haemodialysis.
The permacath has a cuff that holds the catheter in place and acts as a barrier to infection. Thecuff is underneath the skin and cannot be seen. The catheter part that you can see is the partthat protrudes from the chest wall. It is about 6 inches/15cms long and is made of soft, white, flexible plastic. There are 2 limbs.
A transparent dressing will be put over the part where the catheter leaves the chest wall and(since the catheter is under the level of your collar bone) it will not be seen when you areclothed.
.
As the permacath is less prone to infection, it can remain in your body for longer than thejugular catheter, whilst you are waiting for a fistula to be inserted. Occasionally, it is used forlonger if a fistula cannot be formed. However, infections can occur in the permacath and itsometimes needs to be replaced.
During the procedure, x-rays are used to ensure that the permacath is being placed in the bestposition.
You will be given some sedation through the drip. This will make you relaxed and sleepy, bothduring the procedure and during the rest of the evening.
The medical staff will be wearing green gowns and gloves. This clothing is needed in order tomaintain a sterile environment during the procedure, which minimises infection.
A clip will be placed onto one of your fingers in order to monitor the oxygen levels in the bloodduring the procedure. The machine makes a bleeping noise.
Once the sedation has taken effect the permacath is tunnelled underneath the skin into thejugular vein. You will have 2 – 3 stitches at the bottom of your neck and the catheter will comeout of your chest wall.
There will be another stitch around the catheter, where it leaves your chest wall. A transparentdressing will be put on both those areas and the stitches will be removed in 10 days by theRenal Unit or ward staff.
There is a small risk (as with a jugular catheter) of puncturing the lung. Therefore, if you experience excessive pain or shortness of breath when you return to the ward, it is important for you to tell the ward staff immediately.
There is also a small risk of bleeding from the permacath site, and it may be necessary for you to have an extra stitch put in to stop any more bleeding.
As with the jugular catheter, there is a risk of infection. In order to minimise this risk, staff wear gloves and use sterile supplies when connecting and disconnecting you to and from the dialysis machine.
Your temperature will be checked each time you come to dialyse and the dressing will be checked for any signs of infection underneath it. It is also important that you inform the Renal Unit staff of any pain, redness or leakage that you may see from the site of the catheter. The dressing is changed at least once a week.
If you are concerned about these risks or have any further queries, please speak to your consultant.
Your consultant has recommended this procedure as being the best option. There are no alternative procedures available. However, there is always the option of not receiving any treatment at all. The consequences of not receiving any treatment are potentially life threatening. If you would like more information please speak to your consultant or one of the nurses caring for you.
You will feel sleepy for several hours. You may feel some discomfort around the permacath and have some bruising. This is to be expected and pain relief may be necessary – please inform the ward staff if you are in discomfort or pain. During the procedure a small amount of blood is lost. This is unavoidable. You will have some blood on the back of your head and neck when you wake up. This looks more than it is, so please don’t be alarmed.
If everything has gone well, you will be able to go home the next day. Your catheter is to be treated as you treated your jugular catheter. An information sheet will be given to you when you leave hospital.A bigger penis dimension not just makes your partner completely satisfied, it likewise makes you feel confident. However, there are numerous men that reside in worry that their penis dimension is as well little. Fortunately is that there are means to grow your penis without utilizing pills in a risk-free as well as effective method. Used Phallosan Forte For Sale
Penis Pills Do Not Work
If you’re lured by items such as penis tablets to increase penis size, you’re in fact wasting your time and money. Penis tablets don’t really work. These pills usually consist of vitamins, minerals, hormones or natural herbs that makers assert enlarge the penis in a month or two. You invest money on these pills, however at the end of the day you understand these pills do not function. Currently, the million-dollar question is how to boost penis dimension naturally? Well, there are expansion devices that are 100 percent risk-free and the very best method to expand your penis. The extension device enhances the drooping size of a penis. It is not only risk-free and efficient but likewise increases erection dimension. Make use of the best penis extender for a better and also most gratifying sex life.
Quick Extender Professional Penis Stretcher – The Top Choice
The quick extender pro penis extender is one of the very best options for numerous men worldwide. This gadget not just gives an option for penis enlargement, however additionally deals with penile curvature important for sexual satisfaction. According to Dr. Paolo Gontero, an elderly lecturer as well as urologist– penile grip assists in increasing the size of the penis by 32 percent in a few months. The quick extender pro utilizes a DSS (Double Strap Assistance) system that has been crafted to provide optimal stress along the idea and also shaft of the penis. This tool is comfortable to utilize, inexpensive and a non-surgical service for curvature adjustment that is fast, secure as well as painless. The quick extension pro is the name you can rely on as it is a brand in the penis enhancement and curvature improvement sector around the globe.
The gadget works in three easy and very easy actions. In the very first step, you’ll require to wear a penile traction device. It functions by using a consistent light stretch on your penis daily. This procedure is risk-free as well as painless and also does not interfere with the regular feature of the penis. In step two– microscopic splits form along the shaft. Nonetheless, the process is completely painless. In the 3rd step, the healing procedure begins that includes mitosis and cytokinesis. These three steps result in natural penis augmentation and also guarantee sex-related contentment to the following level. Used Phallosan Forte For Sale
Phallosan Forte – a Safe as well as Effective All-natural Penis Enlargement Remedy
You might have discovered various penis enlargement items on the web. The majority of them are full of empty promises and even attempts at fraudulence. Phallosan specialty is a totally trusted, efficient and also result-oriented device meant for penis augmentation, penis expansion as well as straightening. You merely require to use this tool for a couple of months without hampering your daily routine as it remains covert under clothes. This tool does not entail any medicine or surgical procedure. The gadget works continuously by stretching the penis and also at some point leads to an extension as well as increase in penis size. Doctors utilize this device for the therapy of erectile dysfunction and also penis inconsistency (penis curvature).
This device is practically innovative but tested scientifically in the significance of its functions. The mild and continual stretching results in penis enlargement. Primitive individuals have already applied this principle, and there are people in Africa that use this strategy for prolonging the neck, lips, ear wattles and, obviously, the penis by extending the tissues. The tool comes with an artful color system on the belt. The green shade shows low tension, yellow is tool and red a high degree of stress. The Phallosan specialty might be put on for eight or even more hours each day for quick results. The tool is shipped worldwide– search the website and purchase this item for utmost sex-related pleasure.
SizeGenetics – One Of The Most Effective Penile Extension Device
Are you stressed over your little penis size, curvature or penile toughness? No worries, SizeGenetics provides the very best remedy and also makes sure to take your sexual performance to the following level. The gadget has actually been clinically designed to assist countless guys worldwide. Made making use of MDA (Multi Directional Fishing), the tool offers ultimate convenience and also safety. The SizeGenetics is a medically evaluated device that has actually been assessed under the Medical Tool Directive and also consequently awarded qualification as a kind one clinical tool. The SIzeGenetics has been suggested by penis enlargement cosmetic surgeons as well as leading male enhancement communities; included in mags such as GQ and also Guys’s Health.
The SizeGenetics is a pills-free gadget initially created to assist males with penis curvature and micro syndrome. The tool is recognized for its simplicity as well as thus best for using discretely under clothes for an extended period of time to make certain success. When purchased– the gadget is supplied at your house to make sure best discernment as well as privacy. So, never ever concession with your sex life– acquire the very best penis extender as well as bring joy in life.
Does a bigger penis size indicate much better sex? Well, this is just one of the most appealing inquiries that has plunged guys throughout the world for ages. The solution to this inquiry is of course– penis dimension does matter for a satisfied sex-related relationship. Ladies get to orgasm much more easily with males having bigger penises.
Used Phallosan Forte For Sale
Penis extender gadgets are made to raise the size of the penis. They are worn for a collection amount of time during the day, along with day-to-day usage. Penis extender gadgets are designed for males who desire to have a fuller, much longer, and also thicker penis. These gadgets persuade a time period as well as are normally put on for six to eight hrs daily. The results can be long-term or steady depending upon the person.
There are numerous various penis grip device models on the marketplace today. They all do the very same basic points. They will certainly stretch the penis while leaving it undamaged as the device holds it in place. Penis extender gadgets work in similar means. They extend the penis and when it is totally stretched out, the skin begins to reduce and extend. This leads to a rise in the penis size over an amount of time.
Some males seeking to enhance the size of their penis select a traction tool that is worn while having their erections. Penis traction tools function by applying a constant stress on the shaft of the penis as well as with time stretching it out. Numerous men looking to raise their dimension have actually discovered success utilizing the Penis Development System by erectile dysfunction experts Healthife. This design of extender deals with a user by developing a stress field that is applied to the penile shaft gradually.
Some men trying to find a penis enlargement item rely on a penis extender design that works in a much more natural way. The Penis Growth System by Healthife is just one of these devices. This device stimulates the body to produce the development hormonal agent that is needed for a boost in the size of the penis. Healthife uses a two-step process in order to accomplish this. Initially, the individual will certainly put on the extender for twenty-four hrs at once in the sessions that incorporate traction and massage therapy.
The 2nd step is where the health supplement pills, vitamins and minerals function to boost flow and power throughout the body. This energy enables the penis to end up being engorged and harder to make sure that a boost in general girth can be attained. Male searching for a male enhancement method that creates lead to a natural means may find success with the Penis Growth System by Healthife.
One more penis extender version that is available that can assist men increase their length and girth is the Jes Extender by JLS Equipments. The Jes extender by JLS Systems is designed to promote the body into making even more testosterone than what is normally existing in the bloodstream. Testosterone is crucial for erections since it increases the quantity of girth that a penis can have while guaranteeing that the shaft is smooth. By boosting even more testosterone with supplements and also various other indicates the penis extender assists males that experience impotence to obtain the stamina and also endurance required to have constant, solid erections. For males who are looking for a penis extender that does not utilize weights or pumps, the Jes may be a great selection.
A fast extender Pro product is the SizeGenetics extender. The SizeGenetics extender features a money-back assurance. By using this tool a male can anticipate to see an obvious modification in both the length and also girth of their penis within a month’s time. Unlike other penis extenders, this doesn’t need weights or pumps. A peek at the SizeGenetics internet site reveals that the business has actually been around for over ten years, which is enough time for them to have established a quality item.
It is very important to keep in mind that all penis extenders are made differently. Some are created to be worn when resting as well as others might really feel much more comfortable being put on while masturbating. Some may feel as though they have even more to provide than others; this is something to remember when choosing an extender that you will wear while participating in the sexual act. Additionally, you ought to understand that the quantity of stretch you get out of a particular device will certainly vary depending upon the shaft that it is constructed from. Different devices will certainly provide you a various amount of stretch. If you are considering getting a penis extender gadget, it’s important to consider the distinctions in between every one so you can pick the extender that will give you the most effective outcomes.
A penis extender is a non-surgical healing device with strong potential for dealing with Peyronie’s disorder of enlargement of penis. It acts like a non-weight bearing, mechanical grip tool that stretches the penis length in the flaccid condition to generate long as well as stronger erections. Nevertheless, the system is explained below:
The mechanism of extender for penis deals with the concepts of constant stress without breaks. This leads to a steady stretching of the shaft of the penis, which can last as much as 3 months. The traction device uses a consistent traction pressure to the penis up until the body gives in to the traction and also the lengthened dimension of the penis is kept.
The traction as well as the tool can be worn at any time and can be utilized with any sort of garments. Therefore men with any type of body as well as dimension can make use of the extender. The extender functions well even if the individual is resting, standing or having a poor sleeping position. The gadget works even if you have no access to a mirror or have an inadequate vision. The tool works well under garments.
Though the gadget is an extremely simple style, it is still confirming to generate beneficial outcomes. The extender device applies constant traction as well as does not enable the penis to go back to its drooping size. The device likewise allows the penis to achieve a length comparable to that of an upright penis. The traction has actually been made use of efficiently for individuals experiencing Peyronie’s problem in addition to naturally lengthened penis.
Though there are many penis augmentation items in the market, the Extender for penis stands apart with its really distinct design. Contrasted to various other gadgets, extenders have several advantages. The initial advantage is that the layout does not require surgical treatment or unique dressings to preserve. It is simple to keep and also is disposable after continuous usage. The tool works flawlessly in all placements as well as does not get tired even after continual usage.
The other benefit of this tool is that it advertises blood flow in the penis as well as increases penis health and wellness. The extender works with the principle of constant stress being related to the penis, which after that creates the cell walls of the penis to break down and also hence expand it naturally. This makes certain that your penis will remain healthy also after years of wearing the device. Another advantage of penis extenders is that they do not create discomfort to the person wearing it.
The SizeGenetics extender produces similar results to that of the SizeGenetics penis extender. The extender works in the very same fashion as well as supplies the exact same outcome. This gadget has 2 hands, that make it really easy for the user to operate in a comfy placement and ensures that the penis is safely and pleasantly placed inside the extender. The penis is also delicately grip to make certain that it grows securely and also is not harmed by any means during usage.
Penis extenders have been made use of by millions around the world for several years now and also have offered rewarding results to men. According to medical professionals, penis extenders are a great help for those that wish to have a typical sex life as they can easily raise the dimension of their penis without much initiative or danger. If you want to obtain a larger penis and also prevent all the headaches related to penis augmentation surgical treatments, you should attempt an extender for penis.High End Escorts
Once in a while we like feeling respected and dining
Once in a while we like feeling respected and dining
You would never be able to perform at your best
There is nothing good and interesting like the game of
Where would you get a sexy, beautiful and disciplined young
There is no doubt that SEO services are very much
Our sharp and trendy busty escorts Johor are available for
Welcome to the site of Launceston’s high-end escorts. We realizeyou’ve
In our day-to-day life, we often forget to fulfill our
Las Vegas Escorts is working in this field for fulfilling
Bachelor’s party is the most enjoyable and fun thing whichGlobal Times business reporter covering macro-economy, trade with ASEAN and tech happenings in China.
Global Times senior reporter focusing primarily on banking, capital markets, macro-economy, currencies and technology.
Global Times reporter based in Shanghai, covering financial news and breaking news related to large corps surrounding Shanghai.
The 2021 World Internet Conference Wuzhen Summit kicked off on Sunday. Photo: IC
Chinese President Xi Jinping sent a congratulatory letter to the 2021 World Internet Conference Wuzhen Summit on Sunday, ...>We don’t know much about this 2D fighting game except from what we see because we didn’t find any english translation and too lazy for get it on online translator, however…
However there’s no much to know about , classic style combat , nice graphic and possibilities to customization character for combat !
Download your playable demo !
You can download latest version below
If you have any question or want more info, see this website.
You must log in to post a comment.The Jacksonville Public Library will play host to a class in Chinese calligraphy. California-based calligraphy instructor JoJo will lead the 1 p.m. Oct. 9 class, which will offer a brief history of Chinese calligraphy and instruction in proper writing techniques. Participants will have a chance to write a few phrases using calligraphy. The class will be on Zoom, as well as at the library. Registration is limited and required by emailing Sarah Snyder at ssnyder@jaxpl.org or by calling 217-243-5435. A small take-and-make calligraphy kit is included with registration and will be used during the class. Those participating from home can pick up a kit at the library, 201 W. College Ave., between Oct. 5 and 9. \u2014 Angela BauerThe one thing this album is certainly not short of is club tracks, as they unfurl throughout the playlist with crashing percussion, showing the Bajan beauty’s playful side. However, the song that trumps these tunes is track five. ‘Loveeeeeee Song’ is a nonchalant, easy listen that kind of acts as a tease to the audience as she never really commits herself fully to the song. She simply comes across as content and the lyrics appear effortless as they roll off of her tongue. Skip to this song for a mellow feel.
A theme that is consistent throughout this album, as is with all of Rihanna’s albums is attitude. Her lyrics never submit to an image of vulnerability which I love. Unfortunately, I’d be here for a while if I reviewed every song so I will skip to those I feel deserve it. Track 10 the highly anticipated ‘Nobody’s business’ that features Ex/On/Off partner Chris Brown, is incredibly catchy. The funky, almost soulful music hypnotizes you as you forget their motives for the track. Obviously it is incredibly difficult to forget the previous volatile relationship that Rihanna held with Chris Brown, so it is quite hard to enjoy this track if your opinion intrudes. I try and experience the music for it’s sounds rather than it’s messages at times, so I have to encourage myself to detach myself from the message sometimes – especially in this case. Skip to this song for the best ‘sing-along’ track.
The final track of Rihanna’s album ‘Lost in Paradise’, acts as a closure for the journey the listener has been taken on. Interestingly the message we are left with leads us to think that she is trying to admit that she is only human and is learning from her mistakes. The lyrics ‘How was I to know that my love was delusional?’ , stuck with me severely as it enables me to understand that even someone as secure and fulfilled as Rihanna can feel lost at times and make mistakes that have to be dealt with. The hearty notes have dedication and body intertwined.
Unapologetic has been Rihanna’s best selling album, smashing first week sales and making it to number one on Billboard’s 200. It is easy to see why, but one can’t help but feel that Rihanna is an incredibly damaged soul who doesn’t intend on stopping the rebellion just yet. I definitely recommend a listen whether you are a fan or not.Description
This spacious home features 3 bedrooms and 2 full baths on 3/4 of an acre in the gaslight village with a gaslight in the front yard! There's a barn with plenty of room for storage and parking. Upstairs of the barn is a half court basketball court! 1st floor laundry, some wood floors, some new windows, and some new carpet. Dry basement and good mechanics. Quiet neighborhood and huge backyard. Plenty of room for entertaining. Seller requests delayed negotiations. Please have offers in by Tuesday, November 30 at 11:00am.
Courtesy of: RivellinoAminul Islam is a NPP candidate from Mankachar constituency in the 2021 Assam Assembly elections. His profession according to the election affidavit filed with the Election Commission is: Pensioner. Aminul Islam's educational qualifications are: Post Graduate and is 73 years old.
His total declared assets are Rs 1.2 crore which includes Rs 2.6 lakh in moveable assets and Rs 1.1 crore as immoveable assets. His total declared income is Rs 6.7 lakh of which Rs 5.7 lakh is self income. Aminul Islam's has total liabilities of Rs 0.
This NPP candidate, in the election affidavit mentioned 0 criminal cases registered against him.
Candidates contesting in the 2021 Assam Assembly elections from Mankachar are: Aminul Islam (NPP), Zabed Islam (AGP), Md Aminul Islam (AIUDF), Sayed Hassan Iman (JDU), Shahidur Alam (SUCIC), Zamer Ali (IND), Monowar Hussain (IND), Rukunur Zaman (IND)
Follow the live updating tables to know the live election result status of Aminul Islam (NPP) in 2021 Mankachar elections.
21. Mankachar (মানকাচৰ), is an Assembly/Vidhan Sabha seat in Lower Assam region and South Salmara Mankachar district of Assam. It shares a border with Bangladesh. Mankachar 2,26,649 eligible electors, of which 1,14,452 were male, 1,12,192 female and 5 registered voters were of the third gender.
The electorate gender ratio in Mankachar in 2021 is 980.
In the 2016 polls, there were a total of 1,82,791 eligible electors, of which 92,926 were male, 89,865 female and voters of the third gender.
In the 2011 Assam Assembly elections, there were a total of 1,55,178 eligible electors, of which 79,199 were male, 75,979 female and voters of the third gender.
The number of service voters in Mankachar in 2016 was 6. In 2011, there were 10.Editor: Having closely observed local government in our region for more than a decade, I have long been a believer in regionalization of munic… 💬
Search / 71 results found Showing: 1-10 of 71
The city of Scranton and the Scranton School District might use an outside firm to collect a payroll tax, if either or both implement the new … 💬
Thanks to Elon Musk, we now have a good clue to whether someone has too much money. That clue is when he turns tax policy into a Twitter game. 💬
Editor: It’s gratifying to see that Democratic Sens. Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Kyrsten Sinema of Arizona apparently will vote against t… 💬
Editor: I agree with President Biden’s agenda of equity, leveling the playing field for those who are on the bottom of the ladder and cannot g… 💬
There will be no property tax hike in Luzerne County next year, a majority of county council members promised Wednesday.💬
WASHINGTON — The wealthiest 1% of Americans are the nation’s most egregious tax evaders, failing to pay as much as $163 billion in owed taxes … 💬
The collective wealth of the seven wealthiest Americans has reached nearly $1 trillion. And these seven pay virtually nothing in income tax. 💬
Editor: The fate of our democracy relies on us getting along. 💬
We like poverty, or to put it another way, we like it better than paying the price for reducing it. It’s not that we can’t choose to eliminate… 💬Ha! Ive got you all beat Ive brought 5 min quick cure RTV silicone putty withy me to press on textures and patterns so I could replicate them later.
But Ill also carry my digital camera with me to take pictures of weathering effects. People look at you strange when your taking pictures of a rusty phone box. lol
BookmarksCommunity Christmas Dinner Tomorrow Night!
Our annual Christmas dinner is tomorrow at 6 PM. We will provide the meat but we ask that you bring a couple large side items. This dinner is for our BCC body and will be a great time to invite your friends and neighbors.
Ladies Christmas Tea this Saturday, December 14th!
Ladies, you are invited to a Christmas Tea and Ornament Exchange this Saturday from 9 to 11:30 AM. Join us for hot tea, refreshments, door prizes, music, and fellowship. Karen Phillips will be selling tickets tomorrow evening at the community dinner.
Hope for Christmas!
This month we are talking about Hope for Christmas. Pick up your "Gift of Hope" at the table in the rear of the worship center for 10 dollars. The "Gift of Hope" box contains a Bible, Hope DVD with a message from Billy Graham, and a card with words of hope. This is a great way to introduce Christ to someone.
Bereavement Worship on Christmas Eve!
The bereavement worship will be on Christmas Eve, December 24th, at 4:30 in the blue room. While this is one of the seasons that brings us much joy, it can also be a time that is very difficult for those who have lost loved ones. The purpose of this worship is to present the hope we have in the Lord during some of the most difficult times of our lives.
Christmas Eve Worship!
The Christmas Eve Worship will begin at 6:00 pm in the worship center on December 24th. You won't want to miss this exciting evening. The kids will share a few songs with BCC and the evening will end with candlelight.
Kids' Christmas Eve At BCC!
If your child is in the minnows class through 5th grade, we would like to invite them to participate in the Christmas Eve worship by sharing a few songs with all of BCC! Practice for these songs will primarily be on Wed. nights. Mandatory rehearsals will also be on Sunday afternoon, Dec. 22nd at 2:00 and Tuesday, the 24th at 4:00 pm. Please sign up in the welcome center ASAP. The kids need to wear clothing with Christmas colors for Christmas Eve. If you need a CD with the songs or have questions, please contact Chris or Tracy.
Missions and Lottie Moon Offering!
The BCC body has cheerfully given $1,430.63 to the Lottie Moon and has given $18,419.19 to the Missions Offering. Throughout this month, we will still be taking donations to the Lottie Moon and Missions Offering..Articles in the Retirement Category
Headline, Retirement »
Once you retire, you’ll need to replace your paycheck. Here are some important dos and don’ts for generating consistent income in retirement.
Three things are certain in life: taxes, retirement, and death!
Well, while there are people who choose to keep working until they drop dead, the vast majority of today’s workers plan to call it a day at some point.
If you’re among those planning to retire, how’s your retirement readiness looking? Given that one in three Americans has saved nothing for retirement, it’s safe to assume things aren’t rosy.
Retiring without …
Headline, Retirement »
An increasing number of people are putting their retirement plans on hold in favor of working a few years longer. According to the Economist, 40 percent of men aged 65-69 are working compared to 25 percent four decades ago. In their 20s and 30s when most are starting to ponder whether to start saving for retirement, there is now no sight of retirement at 65 with a record number of people continuing their jobs, freelancing or changing fields altogether. In a survey by Willis Tower Watson, 37 percent of participants expected to be working …
Headline, Retirement »
For most of us twenty-somethings, retirement seems a long way off. With the retirement age constantly rising, many of us may be waiting until we’re seventy to finally give up work. The idea of starting a retirement saving fund in our twenties might seem overly hasty, but what if it was actually prime time to start saving?
Retirement is a time for treating oneself after a lifetime of hard graft. Many of us spend much more on a monthly basis in retirement than we would have whilst working. The problem is …
Headline, Retirement » …
Headline, Retirement »
With the average age of retirement being 63 and our life expectancy raising to just below 80 in the USA we are looking at around 17 years of life without work. Which is just below a quarter of your life! Now consider that for the first 17 you probably won’t be earning and in fact well into your 20’s you could be in education. YOu may have children to look after, grandchildren even? Suddenly you might start to realise just how important saving for your retirement is!
So the question …
Retirement » luxury real estate in Mercer Island is also …
Headline, Personal Finance, Retirement »
There are many situations where retirement just sort of happens. If you live long enough, you will reach a point where you leave your career, choose another less intense type of work or completely stop working for a living. In the past, companies would provide pension plans as part of their compensation packages, which allowed employees to receive a portion of their annual salary to live off of for the remainder of their lives. Additionally, Social Security benefits would be enough to cover the cost of living, which meant that …
Headline, Retirement »
There are many similarities when comparing Canada with the U.S, so when it comes to retirement options, the fact that there are few cultural adjustments to make and no new language to learn, relocating to Canada could become an attractive proposition.
Plenty of people dream of retiring in the Great White North and regularly search homes for sale to see if they find a property they could move to as part of their retirement plans to relocate to Canada.
Plenty of appeal
Canada offers a tempting combination of some spectacular landscapes and affordable …The impact of human actions on the environment is increasing continuously. Our reckless actions have done a lot of damage to nature. Many habitats have already been destroyed, many animal and plant species have become extinct, and many more are already on the verge of extinction. However, the saddest thing is that even we don’t know how and the extent to which our actions are damaging nature.
Here, we will discuss various issues which are caused by human actions.
Climate change
Most of our activities contribute to climate change in some way or another. Its effects are widespread: deforestation, decreasing groundwater levels, droughts, floods, and the fundamental imbalance in the ecosystem. It is the reason behind the majority of issues.
Genetic modification of crops
The increasing use of chemicals and pesticides has caused a lot of harm to nature. It harms any living creature which feeds on those plants. It includes humans/ animals who eat them directly, insects, and flies that drink their nectar. There are speculations that these chemicals may be leaked into the soil through the roots of genetically modified plants. This pollutes groundwater and also affects microorganisms.
Transportation
Most of the transportation mediums used today depend on natural fuels to run. These are all non-renewable resources and may soon become exhausted. The burning of these fuels produces greenhouse gases. It also results in air pollution and has, in turn, destroyed a lot of natural habitats. Horns of vehicles also lead to noise pollution.
Natural resource use
Natural resources have been exhausted completely. Rapid industrialization has resulted in greater demand for natural resources. To satisfy these demands, natural resources are exploited beyond control. It has adverse impacts on the environment, such as air pollution and potential energy crises.
Ozone layer depletion
The release of chemicals such as chlorine and bromide results in ozone layer depletion. Even a single atom of these chemicals has the potential to destroy thousands of ozone molecules.
Ozone is responsible for protecting the Earth’s atmosphere from the harmful ultraviolet rays of the sun. Its depletion has thinned this layer of protection resulting in various diseases such as skin cancer and eye cancer. It also affects plant life and has led to the reduction of plankton in marine environments.
Deforestation
The increasing population has resulted in enormous demands of the land. To meet these demands, forests are being cut extensively. This has resulted in large-scale deforestation. This has led to the loss of habitat, large-scale extinction and has also led to the emission of greenhouse gases.
Waste production
Research shows that, on average, a person produces 4.3 pounds of waste per day. To dump these wastes, huge areas of land are being converted into landfills. This results in the generation of large amounts of methane which ranks as the worst of the greenhouse gases. This also creates the risk of explosions. Proper disposal of waste is essential.
Final thoughts about impact of human actions on the environment
The impact of our activities on nature is undeniable, and studies in this field are still going on. This may have catastrophic effects in the future. However, it is still not late. By making adjustments in our lifestyle, we can still redeem ourselves. But time is of the essence, and if we do not act soon, the lives of our future generations will be in danger.In total there are 11 users online :: 1 registered, 0 hidden and 10 guests (based on users active over the past 20 minutes)
Most users ever online was 712 on Wed Apr 08, 2020 8:59 pm
Registered users: Forum Member
Legend: Administrators, Global moderators
Total posts 93657
Total topics 10062
Total members 12115
Our newest member Forum Member
All times are UTC-05:00
It is currently Fri Nov 26, 2021 9:21 pmCryostat eye sections were cut at 10 m and examined using a Zeiss LSM 700 inverted confocal microscope with a plan-Apo 63x NA 1.4 oil-immersion objective. using Chlorprothixene a rabbit anti-OPA1 antibody (abcam ab42364) and revealed using a polyclonal goat anti-rabbit secondary antibody (Dako P0448) coupled to an ECL detection kit (WESTAR?; Supernova HRP Detection Substrate, Geneflow K1-0068) according to the manufacturer’s instructions and imaged with G:BOX (Syngene). Image_2.tif (180K) GUID:?0428E9E4-DC9E-4544-9412-4A1AC5C1F0BF Figure S3: Images from sections of brain and spleen from control, Chlorprothixene RedMIT/GFP-LC3, and OPA1Q285STOP/RedMIT/GFP-LC3. Brain (Bottom) and spleen (Top) from non-fluorescent (control), RedMIT/GFP-LC3 and OPA1Q285STOP/RedMIT/GFP-LC3 mice were sectioned (10 m) and imaged on a Zeiss LSM 700 inverted confocal microscope with a plan-Apo 63x NA 1.4 oil-immersion objective. The fluorescent signals, GFP-LC3 and mitochondrial mRFP, are visible but no clear colocalization between them could be visualized in the views shown. High throughput imaging identified infrequent colocalization that was more marked in OPA1Q285STOP/RedMIT/GFP-LC3 mice than RedMIT/GFP-LC3 mice (Figure ?(Figure5).5). Scale bars = 10 m. Image_3.jpg (355K) GUID:?A717EEB9-9988-488F-AEB8-CD28C37FEB07 Table S1: mRFP and GFP transgenes do not affect mice reproductive success. Table_1.pdf (37K) GUID:?68E221A7-91D8-42EB-86A4-DA1788DA2C5E Video S1: Movie of the RedMIT-GFP-LC3 MEFs. Live RedMIT-GFP-LC3 MEFs have been imaged using a custom Olympus IX81 inverted microscope equipped with temperature control (Solent scientific) every 30 s for 8 h. This can be used to quantify the early stages of mitophagy in real time. Video_1.MOV (1.6M) GUID:?1FDF42B7-0902-463C-9A60-743834B93C13 Abstract Background: Autosomal dominant optic atrophy (ADOA) is usually caused by mutations in the essential gene, OPA1. This encodes a ubiquitous protein involved in mitochondrial dynamics, hence tissue specificity is not understood. Dysregulated mitophagy (mitochondria recycling) is implicated in ADOA, being increased in OPA1 patient fibroblasts. Furthermore, autophagy may be increased in retinal ganglion cells Chlorprothixene (RGCs) of the OPA1Q285STOP mouse model. Aims: We developed a mouse model for studying mitochondrial dynamics in order to investigate mitophagy in ADOA. Methods: We crossed the OPA1Q285STOP mouse with our RedMIT/GFP-LC3 mouse, harboring red fluorescent mitochondria and green fluorescent autophagosomes. Colocalization between mitochondria and autophagosomes, the hallmark of mitophagy, was quantified in fluorescently labeled organelles in primary cell cultures, Chlorprothixene using two high throughput imaging methods Imagestream (Amnis) and IN Cell Analyzer 1000 (GE Healthcare Life Sciences). We studied colocalization between mitochondria and autophagosomes in fixed sections using confocal microscopy. Results: We validated our imaging methods for RedMIT/GFP-LC3 mouse cells, showing that colocalization of red fluorescent mitochondria and green fluorescent autophagosomes is a useful indicator of mitophagy. We showed that colocalization increases when lysosomal processing is impaired. Further, colocalization of mitochondrial fragments and autophagosomes is increased in cultures from the OPA1Q285STOP/RedMIT/GFP-LC3 mice compared to RedMIT/GFP-LC3 control mouse cells that were wild type for OPA1. This was apparent in both mouse embryonic fibroblasts (MEFs) using IN Cell 1000 and in splenocytes using ImageStream imaging flow cytometer (Amnis). We confirmed that this represents increased mitophagic flux using lysosomal inhibitors. We also used microscopy to investigate the level of mitophagy in the retina from the OPA1Q285STOP/RedMIT/GFP-LC3 mice and the RedMIT/GFP-LC3 control mice. However, the expression levels of fluorescent proteins and the image signal-to-background ratios precluded the detection of colocalization so we were unable to show any difference in colocalization between these mice. Conclusions: We show that colocalization of fluorescent mitochondria and autophagosomes in cell cultures, but not fixed tissues from the RedMIT/GFP-LC3, can be used to detect mitophagy. We used this model to confirm that mitophagy is increased in a mouse model of ADOA. It will be useful for cell based studies of diseases caused by impaired mitochondrial dynamics. and are present in this facility. Confocal microscopy MEFs were plated onto 0 thickness coverslips and treated as described in the main text. Four percent paraformaldehyde was used for fixation Chlorprothixene (10 min, room temperature). Cells were permeabilized and washed in 0.1% Triton-Tris buffered saline three times before mounting on slides using Vectashield (Vector Labs). Images were acquired on an upright Leica SP5 confocal microscope equipped with the appropriate filters and sequential 488, and 568 nm laser illumination. For mouse eyes, four samples (2x RedMIT-GFP-LC3 and 2x RedMIT-GFP-LC3-OPA1Q285STOP) were harvested from perfused-fixed mice and cryostat eye sections cut at 10 m, lightly counter-stained with DAPI.Abstract degrees C, discontinuities in the gratings response are observed and these have been attributed to possible delamination issues at the interface between glass fiber and the surrounding metal.
Publication series
Conference
Keywords
- Embedded fibre optics sensing
- SMART materials
- SMART metals
- sensingUlysse Nardin renews its official sponsorship with the Monaco Yacht Show
For the 2017 edition, the Monaco Yacht Show announces the renewal of its official sponsorship with Ulysse Nardin for the 9th consecutive year. This long-standing partnership is significant of the manufacture’s trust into the MYS to attract a niche of international potential wealthy attendees.
Gaëlle Tallarida, Managing Director of the MYS, says ‘We: ‘The the perfect environment to highlight its know-how, power of innovation and DNA of the Sea.’
From 27 to 30 September 2017,.LLG and ADSO warn on lawfulness of 'hybrid' meetings
So-called ‘hybrid’ meetings - where some councillors are present in a committee room and others participate remotely - are unlawful “under the current situation as it stands at the moment”, Lawyers in Local Government (LLG) and the Association of Democratic Services Officers (ADSO) have concluded.
A more detailed statement is available for LLG and ADSO members on their respective websites. At issue is the relationship between the Local Authorities and Police and Crime Panels (Coronavirus) (Flexibility of Local Authority Police and Crime Panel Meetings) (England and Wales) Regulations 2020 No.392 and The HealthProtection (Coronavirus, Restrictions) (England) Regulations 2020.
Speaking on LLG’s latest COVID-19 Weekly Brief, John Austin, chairman of ADSO, said: “The main reasons that we have come to that view is that they do not in our view meet the exemptions that are set out in the regulations.
“They also constitute meetings or gatherings of two or more people indoors.”
Austin emphasised that this view was based on the situation as it stands at the moment. “Things could change very quickly as the lockdown restrictions are relaxed, so we need to keep a very close eye on that and review when necessary.”
He added that councils could still prepare for hybrid meetings if they wish. “So when we get the green light, when the situation changes, those councils are ready to go.”
The ADSO chair said he knew that a number of councils have already held hybrid meetings already and a number wished to carry on with them. That was a decision for each individual authority to make, he suggested.
Austin added that LLG and ADSO had considered the legality of those decisions that may have already been taken at hybrid meetings.
“We do not consider that they are invalid, providing the normal rules applying to the calling of those meetings and the Virtual Hearings Regulations were complied with at the time.”
LGC has reported that the Local Government Association has called on ministers to amend the regulations to allow hybrid meetings to take place.
Helen McGrath, Head of Public Affairs at LLG, told Local Government Lawyer: "With the pace of change accelerating from the government, we could find ourselves very soon in a position where the possibility of holding a hybrid meetings does not require reliance on an exemption. With that in mind, we have already begun work with ADSO to produce a guidance which takes into account the more complex operational elements of holding a meeting both in person and virtually. We are also considering what our vision might be for any continued virtual meeting provision post May 2020."Spud Patrol :: Vancouver, Nanaimo, Asheville N.C.
People Feeding People
Congratulations Vancouver: Serving for 22 years, Nanaimo 18 yrs, Asheville NC 10 years
We think that no one should go hungry in our communities!
Inspired by Jeffrey Armstrong
JOIN IN! It’s fun! it’s easy! and it’s good karma.
(S.P.U.D. – Serving Potatoes to Unrecognized Devas) Sanskrit for Divine Beings
Children are welcome to attend. Bring the family & friends!
Potatoes baked with love from your home to the homeless.
Be prepared for a rush of gratitude that will sustain and refresh you in a way that sleep doesn’t do…
Each city coordinator brings the all the plates / serving bowls/ forks / salt & pepper. Please help with a financial donation to cover this expense.
SIGN UP by calling or emailing your city coordinator listed below.
Mark your Calendars – 2021 SPUD dates are:
Jan 30, Feb 27, Mar 27, April 24, May 29, June 26, July 24, Aug 21, Sept. 18, Oct. 23, Nov. 20, Dec. 18
Please check with your city Sponsor before coming out! We will post monthly updates here. More city sponsors are needed!
Thank you to all the volunteers who came out in 2020 and who were “ready to go” should the covid restrictions be lifted. It’s been a year when there are more people living on the streets, suicides are higher than ever and a warm baked potato would have been a welcome meal for many. Its certainly a year we would like to forget but probably never will. Generosity and kindness to all humanity are qualities we should aspire. Stay healthy, and call someone you love or have been out of touch with today.
Ongoing for over 22 years in Vancouver!! Founded by Jeffrey Armstrong & Sandi Graham
SPUDS n DUDS
As well as potatoes please bring any of the following:
used, clean warm clothing – men’s & women’s coats, pants, shoes, shirts, socks, sweaters, sweatshirts, hats, gloves, scarves, blankets or sleeping bags are always welcomed.
If you can’t bake — bring butter or sour cream, shredded cheese or a bowl of chopped green onions…and your enthusiasm!
MOST IMPORTANT TO BRING ARE WELL COOKED SPUDS AND THE TRIMMINGS:
Thanks for caring and sharing…
HOW TO BAKE SPUDS:
When cooking spuds…
PLEASE ENSURE YOU COOK THEM ALL THE WAY
The night before: Wrap all your spuds in tinfoil (don’t pierce them) Stack them evenly in the oven – ready for the morning.
9:00 am Next Morning: Bake at 450 degrees for 1.5-2 hrs – if they are really big give them longer (test one)
11-11:30 Pack potatoes into coolers or Costco bags and bring all the trimmings to the meeting point.
- We are getting quite a few that are still hard inside, It is really hard to OVERCOOK a baked potato…so please overcook as opposed to undercook.
- Please check, and don’t poke the spud through the tin foil with a fork as it drives the foil into the spud and leaves BLACK MARKS in the potato.
Sign up in your city by emailing or calling the coordinators in your city below:
Tracy Borders – 604-254-7337 – tborders63@gmail.com
Media: Sandi Graham vasa@jeffreyarmstrong.com 604-771-1030
If you wish to be a co-ordinator in your city please contact Sandi
WHERE: Meets on Hastings Street – at Pigeon Park. Corner of Hastings and Carroll St
Kate & Steen Petersen (250) 390-1216 or kateandsteen@shaw.ca
Many thanks to Ev Schmidt who managed SPUD for over 7 years!
WHERE: Bring your offerings down to the green space in front of the Casino downtown, across the road from Wendy’s, next to the Italian/fish fountain BEFORE NOON!
Chuck & Annette Hunner – 828-216-1422 – hunner@charter.net
WHERE: Location email hunner@charter.net. We begin serving spuds at 11 am.
Edmonton, CALGARY, Winnipeg, Ottawa, Montreal, Seattle, Portland, in California and all US Cities…Learn About our Initiatives for Keeping our Residents and Staff Safe.
In order to make sure we are as safe as possible, our team of healthcare professionals and ancillary staff are required to be vaccinated against COVID-19. This mandate applies to current staff as well as new hires and provides enhanced protection against contracting COVID-19.*
Contact our 24-hour Admissions team to inquire about bed availability.
*Staff who have a confirmed medical or religious exception for COVID-19 vaccinations are exempt, however, they must adhere to strict personal protective equipment and sanitization protocols as defined by the CDC.This week, Darrin tackles the question that everyone has asked themselves at least once:
“Is my Roomba, or another brand of robot vacuum, spying on me?” (Yes. The answer is yes.)
Also, Nintendo continues to dominate the video game world, while Oprah finally found a realm she CAN’T dominate: movies.Lots both their thick uncut tools. He kneels for a musky mouthful of Paulo, dripping gobs of spit and turning proudly to the camera.
Paulo slurps down Yury’s big Brazilian tube steak as well, and Yury holds his head to fuck that XXL piece into. When Yury reaches around to grab Paulo’s tool he licks his buddy’s crack from hole to nutsack. Paulo starts grinding his ass into Yury–he wants that dick in him!
Both Brazilian barebackers moaning, Yury slides his thick pole into Paulo’s quivering hole. Drilling in balls deep, he gives Paulo’s thick booty a smack. He fucks it into Paulo from behind, above or from the side–his dick is a steel rod splitting Paulo’s booty wide open. After Paulo bounces on that cock as he rides Yury, it’s time to switch things up.
Handsome Yury gets on his hands and knees to take Paulo’s big meaty cock. He beats his dick as his ass gets rammed full of Brazilian sausage. The room echoes with moans and slapping flesh against flesh. When the moans turn to hearty yells, Paulo squirts his sperm deep into Yury. Cum splatters out of his well-fucked hole as he milks his own splatter into Paulo’s face in a cummy welcome to the new guy around Rawhole.+918045800439
Most Popular Products
Dipping Machine
Product Code : 04
Price And Quantity
- Minimum Order Quantity
- 1 Piece
- Price Range
- 250000.00 - 310000.00 INR/Piece
Product Specifications
- Type
- Plywood Dipping Machine
- Material
- MS , SS
- Computerized
- No
- Automatic Grade
- Automatic
- Power
- Customized Watt (w)
- Voltage
- Customized Volt (v)
- Dimension(L*W*H)
- Customized Centimeter (cm)
- Color
- Available in all color
Product Description
Plywood Dipping Machine is typically utilized in the chemical industries and wood manufacturing units for coating various types of plywood flush doors as well as plywood boards. It is constructed under the guidance of our deft professionals by using the utmost precision of cutting tools. Plywood Dipping Machine is useful to do polishing on several wood working pieces to make them corrosion and termite free. This unit ensures less maintenance, long service life, water resistance and smooth functions.
Trade Information
- Payment Terms
- Cash in Advance (CID), Cash Advance (CA)
- Supply Ability
- 1 Piece Per Day
- Delivery Time
- 3-7 Days
- Main Domestic Market
- All India
X[Densen] DP-Drive XS and DP-06 Phono Stage
Save 0% Save 0%
Original price $15,800.00 - Original price $15,800.00
Original price $15,800.00
$15,800.00
$15,800.00 - $15,800.00
Current price $15,800.00
The new DP-06 is based on the very popular DP-02MC stage. These new designs have been redesigned and improved with even better sound circuits. The DP-02 lightbulbs have been replaced with LEDs in the sophisticated flagship DP-06 at a modest price.If you’re one woman or guy searching for
a Vietnamese internet dating sites & apps to get real love, subsequently this article is for you. I will create an assessment on the top Vietnam matchmaking applications and internet sites that you could understand each and decide which someone to join with.
Vietnam dating sites & singles software
Today, using growth of tech, singles can hook up more quickly through matchmaking applications or internet sites. If you are a single individual who would like to discover spouse with no knowledge of any, best finest Vietnam dating site and singles apps below provides you with many choices to find the correct person available.
Viet Single matchmaking application and Vietnam dating site
This will be one of several top Vietnamese internet dating software that singles must posting complete visibility regarding their personal information, interests, pastimes, what type of people they’re in search of an such like. Regarding software these include similar to the internet site with all functionalities you should use to search and communicate with rest.
I must say this is the top Vietnam matchmaking app that delivers the phone help, 0908731434 for almost any clientele to ask inquiries from time they signup a visibility up until the conclusion. Necessary not to ever cause you to dissatisfied, everyday or week they attempt to write articles of genuine tales happening on this dating internet site, very real existence. These like reports are the thing that additional customers in this app let them know and additionally they express it to your market with the intention that more users study from them.
The owner who developed this dating internet site and app are Vietnamese American man exactly who understands Vietnam customs and community, particularly Vietnamese lady. Therefore, the guy makes sure that you will see that special someone from this internet dating software at the earliest opportunity.
On the other hand, the reality that customers invest commitment to handle their own visibility may also make a huge shield for brand new users. They must spend more hours including records and giving answers to as numerous inquiries as possible to completely take advantage of the potential of this online dating app.
Much like Tinder, OkCupid additionally recommends considering geographic place. If there are too few people in your neighborhood whom utilize OkCupid, your chances of encounter somebody who is right for you may also be significantly lower.
It may be said that OkCupid matchmaking, although less, will likely be a lot better than Tinder given that it exploits more detailed ideas, selects things which have extra being compatible with each other. I really hope OkCupid will bring a prince haowcj a princess who has not even provided your this on March 8.
Facebooking online dating
The Facebook Dating feature try a unique element regarding the fb environment that has been launched in Vietnam all over start of will, and has attracted lots of attention from Facebook individual society. Worldwide Women’s time is coming right up, do you have thoughts of activating this feature from myspace to get a male pal commit down to you?
A giant advantageous asset of Twitter relationship try the benefits because it is integrated into Twitter, an extremely common application system these days that just about everyone with a smartphone purpose. Age and country of myspace consumers can also be more diverse than that various other online dating apps. Facebook Dating may recommend participants in a certain occasion (occasion) or come in friends (cluster) along with you, rendering it simple to find individuals with close appeal.
The fb matchmaking function are a fresh feature associated with the Facebook environment that has been founded in Vietnam across beginning of will, and contains attracted most special attention through the Facebook individual community. Worldwide Women’s Day is coming up, do you have thinking of triggering this particular aspect from twitter receive a male buddy to visit
A giant benefit of fb Dating try its benefits because it’s integrated straight into myspace, an exceptionally well-known application system nowadays that almost everyone with a smartphone functions. The age and nation of Facebook users can be far more varied than that some other internet dating programs. Fb Dating also can suggest members in a particular occasion (celebration) or come in friends (people) along with you, making it easy to find individuals with similar hobbies.
However, because this ability enjoys best recently made an appearance, Facebook Dating’s suggestion function was experiencing a lot of limitations. Including, the supply of pointers still is incorrect, will not complement the standards which you have considering.
Fb matchmaking likewise has another unique element called Secret Crush, enabling you to list up to 9 people that you’re “in appreciate with” one of several “sights”. If an individual of these anyone, too, decides that their particular key Crush listing, Facebook Dating will tell the two of you and open up a secret chat windows your both of you to own a personal talk.
However, this particular aspect is also quite newer, so it is not optimized. You can easily merely include friends and family to your Secret Crush checklist, and simply after person your put into that Secret Crush listing furthermore triggers Twitter matchmaking will they understand about any of it. At this time, myspace relationships is also creating lots of stress bringing in new registered users and additionally maintaining outdated customers currently.
Asiandatenet.com Asian internet dating
Asiandatenet – a free of charge Vietnamese dating internet site to obtain really serious, high quality and reputable partner for singles in Asia countries and Vietnam. As a relationship, associate and chat application with visitors, would be a great idea to aid consumers locate fairly easily an ideal companion on special occasions including Christmas time, New Year, Valentine. Utilizing the positioning of these that are really serious whenever participating, Asian go out net usually need customers to verify information that is personal from the opportunity they sign up. It may be seen this is actually a pretty reliable matchmaking application for ladies with safety measures and exceptionally easy to use.
Needless to say, unlike to another online dating apps, Asiandatenet will likely not ask to connect with Twitter to update the user’s basic facts. As an alternative, you may want to join this internet dating application via phone number, quite efficiently.
Another great benefit of this Asian dating website with an exceptionally great number of members around hundred thousands customers and always on the internet frequently as much as many consumers day-after-day, you will have a lot more chances to hunting. The item is really ideal for me.
With regards to ability, if you use this online dating application frequently and consistently for three months in that case your chances of finding one half are around 90percent according to the stats from software it self. Presently, through numerous surveys, this has been revealed that there exists some couples that make wedding all over Vietnam using the Asiandatenet dating internet site and 1000s of partners have discovered both in real life.Are you looking for Why Did Etoro End Integration With Quantopian…
Can you prosper with eToro? You wager you can! Online Forex trading has actually become one of the largest and most rewarding markets in the world today. Millions of individuals from all around the world are ending up being supplied with lots of info and tools to assist you make cash! This is a fantastic way for newbies to get begun discovering about online currency trading.
It is recommended that you start with one of the more popular and reputable online brokers if you are new to the world of online FX trading. These kinds of brokers tend to have a much better track record and typically provide more tools to help you succeed. Then you should look into creating an account once you have actually discovered a broker that you are comfortable with. In this manner, you will be able to get a feel for how the market works and to build your self-confidence before you make any trades.
How does eToro generate income? The trading platform itself generates a revenue for its users. You can make money even if you do not hit the winning ticket! The excellent aspect of this system is that there are no broker charges to fret about! This is best for newbies since they do not wish to pay an arm and a leg just to trade in the market!
Another thing that makes eToro very attractive is that you do not need to understand anything about trading in order to make money. It’s simple to learn how to use this fantastic trading platform and in simply a few days you will have the ability to create a good profit. You can begin with a small account till you build up some confidence and after that you can increase your stakes. Eventually, you will be able to create adequate cash to make it through the day on your own.
So, the next concern is: How can you prosper with eToro? The answer is easy! You merely select the very best broker and discover how to harness the power of the market. When you have this information, you can make good use of it by making trades and after that make a lots of cash! I am personally making over 8 figures a month utilizing this system! Why Did Etoro End Integration With QuantopianI’m fairly confident that everyone can agree that mosquitoes are the worst past of the summer season. Dare I say, maybe even the worst part of life? Mosquitoes are the world’s deadliest animal quickly spreading diseases like malaria, Zika virus, and yellow fever. Should we just get rid of them, drive mosquitoes into extinction and take no survivors? Well, could we even do this?
Obviously, I don’t know all the logistics. But, if possible, I do bet Jeff Bezos could absolutely fund this endeavor with change to spare. That man is stacked.
Regardless, there is one major question we would need to answer first:
Is it moral to push an entire species into extinction?
It’s never been considered moral before. Despite the harm mosquitoes cause to humans yearly, what about the harm humans cause to the planet daily? To kill off an entire species for human benefit seems a little hypocritical, don’t you think?
One plus of mosquitoes is that they keep humans out of tropical rainforests. Without mosquitoes to fend off humans, what more damage could we do to these ecosystems?
That being said, humankind should not need blood sucking, disease carrying insects to prevent us from capitalizing on natural resources. We should just be able to preserve the environment for the health of our planet. Crazy concept, I know!
So aside from keeping us out of rainforests, what other beneficial purposes do mosquitoes serve? Other animals eat them. They do serve as a food supply to fish, frogs, and birds. But, no mosquito predator survives off mosquitoes alone. It’s fair to say substitutions would be found in these smaller animals’ diets. Therefore it likely shouldn’t have too much of a negative impact there.
Personally, I believe the benefits of a world without mosquitoes outweigh the benefits of the world with them buzzing in our air. As we find a normal with coronavirus, maybe it’s actually the perfect time to find a new normal without mosquitoes.
Do you think we should eliminate mosquitoes?
Should we eliminate mosquitoes?
- Yes
- No
You must log in to post a comment.Cadences of Color & Form
Event Details - Tell a Friend
Art - Exhibit
Created: October 13, 2021 at 10:23 PM
The events posted on the Social Web are the creations of its users. Please contact the person posting the event with your questions or concerns. Commercial use of this content without the prior expressed written permission of the Social Web is strictly prohibited. See Legal NoticeGame-changers, curious investors, world-class speakers, the leading brands for startups – we’ve got it all.
STIC.2019 is the most important event for startups, tech leaders, and big brands at the forefront of innovation. 1,200 people from around the globe converge on Miami as we collaborate with Global Entrepreneurship Week to provide 1-day of nonstop education, inspiration, and invaluable networking spanning 1 stages, 4 sessions, social events, and a keynote from one of the worlds premier Innovation Hub developers. Uri Adoni, Managing Director of Mana-Tech. The Mana Group is developing 40 acres of prime real estate in Wynwood the next stage of Miami’s role as the economic capital of the Americas. The vision of the founder Mr. Moishe Mana is to bring an Innovation Hub to downtown Miami with projects such as the approved Mana Common project in downtown Miami’s Flagler District and The Asia Trade Hub in Wynwood. Whether you’re a large enterprise, a founder in the midst of the grind, or an innovator looking for what’s next – there’s something for everyone.Affinity Dental
Dentist in Chicago, IL See Services
About our office
Affinity Dental is a new, state-of-the-art dental office located in Chicago’s friendly North Center neighborhood. Our goal is to provide our patients impeccable, compassionate service with an emphasis on comfort and affordability. We offer all phases of general and aesthetic dentistry including orthodontics, cosmetics, implants, and childrens' dentistry. Whether your dental needs are minimal or complex, Dr. Kavetsis and her staff are ready to help you create a healthy smile you can be proud to ...
Meet our team
Dr. Kavetsis is dedicated to providing affordable, compassionate dental care to her patients. From the young age of 10 growing up in Edwardsville, IL she’s known that she wanted to be a dentist. Since then all education and career efforts were directed at dentistry. She graduated in 2002 from the University of Illinois at Urbana/Champaign with a BS in Biology and in 2007 received her BS in Dental Science and her Doctor of Dental Surgery from the University of Illinois at Chicago. After graduati...
Patient Satisfaction
Recent Patient Reviews
Services we provide
At Affinity
- SpanishKISSWORLD - THE BEST OF KISS TO BE RELEASED JANUARY 25, 2019
The END OF THE ROAD tour kicks off on January 31
On January 25, 2019, UMe releases KISSWORLD - The Best Of KISS on CD and digitally, with the standard black vinyl and limited edition color vinyl being released on March 29. Pre-order, here. eighteen-thousand seat major arena on January 31 in Vancouver. KISSWORLD brings together 20 of. Ticket information, here.
Tracklisting NORTH AMERICAN TOUR ITINERARY Date City Venue Arena April 9, 2019 Nashville, TN Bridgestone Arena April 11, 2019 Tampa, FL Amalie Arena April 12, 201 Link
ABOUT KISS: As America's #1 Gold Record Award winning group of all time, and that's in every category (RIAA),
# # #
CONTACT: Sujata Murthy, UMe (310) 865-7812 / sujata.murthy@The Best Advice About Services I’ve Ever Written
The Importance of Contracting Experts for HVAC Installation And Maintenance. They include; radiant heating systems and forced-air systems. Top performance of these devices is attained after quality fitting by an expert.
They either use a heat pump or a central furnace and air conditioner. Conditioned air is forced by the fan through the controller. Several models are available for installation. Cooling And humidification is done by both the air conditioners and heat pumps. The device removes heat from outside and transfers it to the inside. The cycle imitates a refrigerant. The outside part of a typical air conditioner is the condensing unit. It houses the device, which uses most of the energy, and the condensing coil.. Homes often have two or more separate heating and air conditioning units for different areas of the home. Instead of installing two separate systems, HVAC contractors could provide you with automatic zoning systems in that you can operate with one system. Zoning of air conditions in different rooms has been made possible and this is nice because the costs are reduced. It is proper that you have machines fixed regularly to enhance their performance.
The piping has a series of thermostatically controlled dampers that control the flow of air to each particular area. Make sense of using a single automated system to your contractor and make him calculate the cost before anything else. One automated system is far much better than many different systems. The fan works perfectly in cooling the air. During this instance, the blower insists on trying to deliver the same airflow as before but only through a few tubes. Different methods can be put into action when trying to change the room’s temperature. You can cool the rooms by throwing open the windows to let fresh air in.
You should advise the repair technicians on the process which installation was conducted for quality fixing. Then you can be sure to enjoy the services provided. You will be glad about the work is done if perused by qualified practitioners of the well-reviewed company.
The Ultimate Guide to Businesses
Study: My Understanding of BusinessesTop 3 Areas for Automation Growth
Automation helps businesses save time and money, but oftentimes people don’t know what processes can be automated — much less how to automate a task on their own. Our webinar, “Expand Your RPA Footprint with Bot Store,” explores ways bots from Bot Store can help with that.
Automation Anywhere Bot Store gives you access to more than 700 Robotic Process Automation (RPA) bots and 20 Digital Workers, with more bots added daily. Bot Store also provides new ideas and use cases to help guide you through processes that can be automated. Combined with in-depth instructions and access to expert consultants, you get everything you need for your digital transformation.
But, what processes should you start with? According to the webinar, the top three areas to focus on are customer experience, software development processes, and information governance.
A new generation of customer experience
A 2020 SuperOffice study discovered 86% of customers will pay more for a better experience and, by the end of year, customer experience will be the most important key to business success.
With RPA, you can improve customer service by automating how your representatives work with multiple programs and external systems. For example, a contact center agent could automate the extraction of specific customer details from separate software systems and have everything delivered to his or her desktop — all while maintaining a high level of customer service throughout a call.
Bots can also perform functions such as adding and deleting users to a system or opening and closing accounts in a fraction of the time a human could.
Software development improvements
The biggest challenges in software development today are capacity, sharing knowledge, and hiring talent, according to Coding Sans.
As a software development team reaches its capacity, it may hire people to meet the demand. To combat knowledge sharing issues as more developers are hired, some teams hold lunch and learn meetings or use multiple documents as employee guides.
These kinds of practices unintentionally create inconsistencies and duplication issues, and that’s exactly where automation can help.
With content management bots that create, read, update, or delete content, developers get a very complete and complex automation solution able to perform hundreds of fundamental functions.
These bots can be tailored any way you see fit, so you could potentially have a bot create and update issues with testing and monitoring data to send out notifications as a project progresses. Reports and development guides could be standardized and archived by RPA, and everyone on the team can always be on the same page and working toward the same goal.
The best information governance
Organizations store documents in an average of four locations, according to M-Files: email, network drives, local drives, and physical documents.
According to FinancesOnline, 92% of workers in an average business are at risk of losing files archived in emails, and 83% re-create lost documents from scratch. Knowledge workers spend 50% of their time preparing documents. And 21% of overall staff productivity is lost to document issues.
Fortunately, document management and information governance (IG) are where RPA provides the largest impact. Once your IG is automated, you’ll never lose a file again. RPA improves the security of your IG system while eliminating errors and ensuring consistency and accurate version control.
Bot Store bots are available for every level of your document management system. RPA bots can automatically extract and save data from emails and websites, or add and modify user security access. RPA can find, rename, move, update, or delete any file in any format. It can even automatically convert files to accommodate different systems to help with your IG needs.
Your gateway to RPA
Every process, company, and tech stack is unique. That’s why we work with integration experts to make sure you can serve all of your customers quickly. We’ve also made sure all Bot Store bots are built for reuse, so you can repurpose a single bot into multiple tasks.
An email reader bot, for example, can be configured to read an email and automatically open new accounts, create service desk tickets, schedule interviews, process purchase orders, or even respond to emails. If one bot can do all that, just think of the possibilities that are now within reach.
Along with completing customized tasks, Bot Store bots can be integrated with some of the most popular enterprise products to help improve any process (see Figure 1). If you’re already using an office application, the fastest way to start and scale automation at your business is with the Automation Anywhere RPA Footprint Expansion Bot Pack.
This expansion pack delivers nine bots for the price of six, including bots that can reduce call-handling time, improve IG, automate a sales pipeline, and offer create, read, update, or delete operations to improve hundreds of functions. All paid bots are backed by dedicated support from Automation Anywhere, but this Bot Pack is the only way to get support for our popular free Excel and Outlook bots.
For access to everything in Bot Store, including upcoming releases, a Bot Store Site License provides the most economical way to expand RPA, with unlimited access to thousands of functions. For the cost of two bots, you’ll be able to roll your automation presence into service desk, IT, finance, human resources, sales, and dozens of other enterprise applications (see Figure 1).
With this site license, you’ll also receive hundreds of use cases across dozens of enterprise applications to help guide your digital transformation, and developer tools to further customize your automation to expand into new areas.Double double bonus poker strategy / Quarter Poker
Poker for kids
Cheap bus play casino games and win real money tickets and free wi-fi! I definitely loved every little bit of it and i have you saved to fav to look at new information in euro palace mobile your website? Am waiting for confirmation from 888 that i will have to playthrough bonus to withdraw any winnings from further deposits. The following write-up free slot machine games for android has some very nice suggestions can help you be better prepared for your upcoming camping outdoors journey. They could simply re-direct them to the world cup of blackjack tournament table in their casino where players have a buy-in and for a certain time frame, or number of hands, determine a winner with the winnings coming from other participating players, not from the casino! We offer premium car rental service at affordable charges to keep your traveling need quarter poker absolutely budget friendly. No deposit sign up bonus btc casino. In addition, federal officials say some increase in food stamp rolls may have resulted justspin casino bonus from the immigration law under which thousands of illegal aliens have gained legal status since 1987. A basic individual, after taking dosages of medical marijuana and achieving the proper state of cannabinoids in the blood, can take pleasure in increased resistance, lowered vulnerability to cancer, postponed aging and minimized risk of stroke or cardiac arrest.
Online casino no bonus
The split screen start scan line value is checked against the number of each scan line as that scan line is demo game slot playstar displayed, which means that the split screen start scan line potentially takes effect the moment it is set. Brides could choose nodepositfriend bridesmaid dress from options like in length which could be cocktail, tea- length or floor length. Studies performed in neuronal apartment cultures have planned shown that jnk3 is enmeshed with in the apoptotic function mediated via -amyloid. Expenses net of winstar online casino & egames waiver and payments by affiliates. But, much less several individuals like planning the big game party poker travels, as it might include lots quarter poker of stress. And it is probably the role video slots i identify deepest with. Spot on with this write-up, i really believe that uptown pokies no deposit free spins this amazing site needs much more attention! Edmunds keep your cue level, your grip loose, and follow through with the tip of the cue down. All queen vegas casino three divisions encountered difficulties!
If you want to obtain a great deal from this post then you have to apply such strategies arbitrage betting sites to your won webpage. Since the baseline filings consist only of best casino to win slots in vegas already accepted tariff sheets, such legal review should not be significant. Honda joker gaming demo concerto honda cr-v service manual. Tucson native and casino del sol executive jackmillion chef, ryan clark has a wealth of experience in the food and beverage industry. Good way of explaining, and pleasant post to get data on the topic of my presentation topic, which i am going to present in academy. The show begins at 7 pm in the auditorium? Hello, its fastidious paragraph concerning media print, we all understand media is a enormous source of data. Treatment is surgery complete resection of live blackjack free play the cyst with a biliaryenteric anasto mosis to restore continuity of biliary system with bowels bile duct stricture most common cause is iatrogenic injury e. Thanks quarter poker to the author of this wonderful secret of the stones slot blog, 1591027262.
Blackjack free simulator
Of course, a rec player with the intention of winning and not just blow away the money for the sake of excitement, gambling or what not - just like most of what i see in poker rooms? I was drawn casumo live roulette in by it. I know, not many details but my memory is failing and pokerstars withdrawal i'm wanting my teenage daughter to read it. Cite journal last register betway online bayandor first darioush date fall 2006 title hafez a face off with virtue journal journal of middle eastern and north african intellectual and cultural studies publisher binghamton university location binghamton new york volume 4 issue 2 his book iran and the cia the fall of mosaddeq revisited was published in 2010. Everton host swansea city at the liberty stadium on saturday. Oestreng hera casino mobile said changes in the soviet union and the raw power of modern icebreakers had helped overcome the obstacles. The first redemption grants an animated emblem. Iraq and terrorism aside, even the optimists concede that investors are looking betway telegram ahead to an extended period of single-digit annual investment returns. Should the subsistence charge appear to be unreasonably high, the armed guard officer should present the quarter poker facts to the port director and request that representation be made to the owners or agents!
November 30, pkr poker 3d 2017 pokernews staff. If you are doing this then you are an addict which is certainly not good for you future finances. Tend not to count on an flight to focus on your whims once you fish slot as cozy as essential on the flight. He tasted a spoonful from the creamy cone of poker star vr his cup! Dopo aver letto il post di luciano ho cominciato per un attimo a rich casino sister sites ripensare alla teoria sansimoniana. But there are no compensation spin samurai casino no deposit bonus codes schemes in those countries. In fact, more than what we had known prior pokerstars set up private game to when we came across your quarter poker amazing blog. I think the subject is noteworthy enough but let me know if it s not. Thanks, an abundance of data.
Wsop facebook
Still, he says, in low doses it may help some smokers. The how exactly to 888 casino casino write an essay introduction. I constantly emailed this weblog post page to all my contacts, since if like to read it after that my bonus code dingo casino links will too. Once again, the body was dissembled painted in the correct factory 908 white and reassembled. She has earned her diploma quarter poker from wset and is a wset horse poker certified educator and a certified specialist of wine from the society of wine educators. Search from 30 top gay bondage pictures pictures and royalty-free images from istock. I would not recomend this casino to anybody,unless of course you like to lose money. So far it looks like thames will cash frenzy casino be the only one. Since i know what i have done and ultimately what their decision must be based on fact.
Should you not deal with your whole body your skin will never ever appearance its finest. Thank you for simply being simply considerate and also for pick out this form of marvelous areas most people vegas world casino free slot play are really wanting to know about. If the government accepts responsibility for bailing out the company, the project counts as good betting sites public expenditure under uk public accounting rules. I actually just dropped quarter poker best slot machines to play at pechanga up to 21 days you may want to consider that. It is lucky win slots not tough to turn out to be a successful heads up player? But after 20 minutes, you can control the game. Ar online casino $1000 bonus - free 3d downloads? If required, program your option and even though doing this try to find practical support stations that may handle servicing on the auto? This may mean that those with bsds have selective attention and recall of negative information about themselves, highlighting the need for attention to cognitive biases in therapy.
Who Was Here This Fine Evening? (Page Two)
(November 15th 2013) Last Updated: 09/11/2019 10:38:AM
Click for full sized image
We missed you...
Ray and Mary Ruth Ashcroft
Tom and Kathy Berg
Lori and Dean Fronk
Wally and Ghesliene Rodecker
Shirley and Brian Skeggs
Shirley and Brian Smith
Martha and Arden (Ace) Yeam
Irene Kosmetatos and Herb Silverstein
Joyce Rothrock and Jack Taylor
Natalie Emery and Edward Weyer
"May I be<<Welcome to Halsey's nightmare.
The "Without Me" hitmaker has kicked off what appears to be a new era with the release of the punky single "Nightmare" and its bloody, fire-filled video. In it, Halsey's angry but emboldened as she spits dauntless declarations like "I'm no sweet dream but I'm a hell of a night" and "No, I won't smile but I'll show you my teeth." That's exactly what she does in the clip, which co-stars Blondie (!!), Cara Delevingne, and Suki Waterhouse as members of her badass girl gang.
This one's more in line with Halsey's hard-hitting Yungblud and Travis Barker collab "11 Minutes" than, say, "Bad At Love," and it's a thrilling taste of what her third album could have in store. Not to mention, it's a loud, fearless female empowerment anthem that speaks volumes at a time when women's rights are being threatened. Bravo, Halsey.
"Nightmare" arrived on Thursday night (May 16), just a week after Halsey announced the single during an intimate show in New York City. A couple weeks prior, the 24-year-old wiped her Instagram feed — the universal sign that a pop star is about to begin a new era — and subsequently teased the song with fan-friendly lyric scavenger hunts and more IG posts.
It's unclear if "Nightmare" will be another standalone single like "Without Me" or if it'll proceed a new project, but all signs point to the latter. If so, it may be her biggest album to date. In the two years since Hopeless Fountain Kingdom, she's only seen her star power rise, thanks to her first No. 1 single, "Without Me," and her Top 10 hit with BTS, "Boy With Luv." In short, it's been anything but a nightmare.Judging just how attractive someone’s individuality usually takes a bit long. But a realistic characteristics is an enormous thing that plays a role in your entire appearance. It’s commonly a dealbreaker for females also. Here’s ways to be more appealing to female, in a complete sense.
Granted, it’s tough to work out how to a little more popular with girls. But than obtaining caught up with what you think that you need to excite, the secret is employing the thing you’ve acquired. Creating more healthy life style changes might let, but typically getting yourself is effective optimal.
Ways to be More Attractive to ladies: 7 tips
It’s all nicely and good north america suggesting for your own traditional home. You will still find some invaluable knowledge you need to take. Thus you’re definitely not completely adrift, here are seven of one’s greatest guidelines on how to are more irresistible to lady.
Develop the comments
Any time you supplement a person, you’re demonstrating that you are having the time to find out them. But, it is necessary to understand what to compliment. If you’re trying to puzzle out ways to be more attractive to single females, advising them their particular eyes looks rather can come switched off just as an excessive amount of a line.
Instead, considercarefully what makes them particular. Has they simply attain an enormous success at the office? Have the woman teams gain any kind of funds not too long ago? Possibly she only assured an interesting joke you can’t cease joking over? Those are the most effective compliments without a doubt since they’re thoughtful and authentic.
Try to find preferences suggestions
It willn’t really need to be a costly project. Yes, some guys may want to retain a knowledgeable hair stylist. But there are some exceptional on the web assistance today, which’s possibly speedier as well.
Though we surely trust character trumps seems, working on your appearance is a great solution to highlight your truest personal. Buying a bit of clothes which enables your show yourself is additionally a wonderful way to improve self-esteem.
Forget the gloom and doom
It’s come a tough annum for all. But even beyond 2020, it’s very easy to belong to attacks of despair. If you’re racking your brains on how to become that much more attractive to females, you’ll make your character captures their attention.
Get out of any mental poison comfortable in the meantime, or go through all of them with a therapist. As soon as dating, don’t think on the bad periods and connections. Feel beneficially and stay the individual you’d desire to communicate with.
Accept your own defects
Nobody’s finest. And if a person imagine you are, you’ll crank up searching conceited. Possessing self-awareness is generally sexy. The truth is, enjoying your own defects can lead to a far bigger enjoy, not merely in going out with realm, however in common life-terms way too.
Taking the weaknesses is a huge move to expanding more comfortable in your facial skin. Additionally, it ways you are really considerably vunerable to more people’s assessment. It’s a big stage towards investing in your way that is definitely improvement and personal developing. And what’s way more, coming to decrease with ourselves is definitely attractive high quality.
Think about the next
If you’re trying to work out how to become more attractive to women, it’s a good idea you might have experienced an approximate dating experience sooner or later. Don’t dwell on that. We have to study on our very own has but develop from their store. Every time was an action ahead.
Having encounter is important since you continue to have a look at your own means and precisely what you’re in fact finding in a relationship. Every drawback is one step during the best route in the event that you learn from encounter and continue to try.
Feel prompt with messages
Women always talk. As soon as they come somebody who replies punctually, it means too much to these people. It’s 2020, texting is regarded as the our essential ways connection to be honest.
Are timely and starting up fun conversations wonderful solution to demonstrate you’re curious. And, texting is a wonderful way to study someone. If your texts circulation the natural way, you’ll likely have got a great deal to examine in person.
Recall the details
If was the very last your time we flossed? Or reduce your toenails? it is very easy to fall into bad habits whilst becoming single. In case you’re searching for some thing much more, they are the particulars you will need to keep in mind. Smallest grooming methods could also be helpful the confidence.
Spend some time to maintain your self, and view your feelings later. In some cases, even things straightforward like a beneficial groom can make you experience more desirable.
Nearly all women happen to be keen on honesty and characteristics. As soon as you are sensation positive, you’re in your top and quite a few attractive. Aside from your appearance, their amazing character ought to be enough to discover a great fit!
Similar posts
Internet dating techniques unmarried females in search of appreciate: 5 ideas for a much better moment on line.
Exactly what are the leading turn-offs for females? Here’s all of our deal with just what behavior you need to skip to help make an outstanding very first impression.
With regards to the publisher: Karen Belz
Karen Belz wrote himself for sites like Bustle, PreviouslyTV, overweight, and HelloGiggles. She’s in addition the founder of finest Recap Ever, a web site that
is definitely centered on television set facts and opinions. She’s a fan of outline funny demonstrate and the most cinema which involve Muppets, features been dependent on Sugar totally free Red Bull since 2005.The B.S. diploma in Laptop Information Technology is designed for college students interested by knowledgeable career that includes solving the informational technology infrastructure needs of companies and organizations. Certain security options or luxuries, similar to airbags, cruise management, anti-lock brakes and automatic transmission, all depend on computer expertise to perform. Search for a Bachelor’s curriculum educating algorithms, information constructions, knowledge retrieval, programming, logic, and pc structure. I then determined to proceed my education even further and went back to acquire a level in information know-how. Students in bachelor’s diploma applications in computer expertise discover working techniques, networking, safety protocols and hardware. All career and wage info is courtesy of the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) except otherwise acknowledged. Other advances in laptop expertise have created extra options for health care. Hardware and software program specifications required by your program are outlined at Cellular gadgets/laptops and supplies can be purchased directly from Algonquin`s New Technology Store at academic charges.
Whereas normal computer systems retailer info as either a 1 or a 0, quantum computer systems exploit two phenomena—entanglement and superposition—to course of info in another way. In 2012 he completed his MBA in data expertise at Western Governors College and started educating at Stevens-Henager School in April of that yr. In keeping with the Bureau of Labor and Statistics , careers in pc and knowledge expertise occupations are set to develop in double-digit percentages inside the next decade. Innovation is the rule in laptop engineering expertise, and it is the hallmark of the pc engineering diploma program at Sheridan. The BACT degree supplies a top quality diploma program in computer expertise that will put together college students for lifelong studying as they pursue professional careers in pc know-how and management roles within the society in which they serve. Pc methods design and related services: Many computer engineers additionally work in techniques design.
Graduate and post-graduate college students search the Master of Science in Laptop Science (MSCS), Doctor of Computer Science (DCS), or PhD in Pc Science. CIT offers a B.S. degree in Data Expertise with opportunities to customize the degree by adding concentration(s) and/or cross-disciplinary minor(s) primarily based on particular person pursuits.
Introducing the underlying technology of native space networks (LANs), large area networks (WANs), and the Internet, this course covers networking media, the Open System Interconnection (OSI) mannequin, transmission control protocol/Web protocol (TCP/IP), an outline of routing and switching, and small network configuration and troubleshooting.
Pc scientists research the machine itself and understand how and why varied pc processes operate the way in which they do. If you wish to sustain with new tech advances in hardware and software, our computer know-how degree program may help you construct a robust basis as a talented technician on this exciting discipline. Laptop science college students will learn the basics of different programming languages, linear and discrete arithmetic, and software design and improvement. He teaches computer science, networking, and some normal computer usage courses. A point programs enable college students to choose a concentration, like web expertise and multimedia, database improvement, or digital safety. A unfavourable aspect effect of laptop technology is the best way it may affect your well being.Hit and Run Accidents
Hit and Run Accidents
In the state of Georgia, hit-and-run accidents are prosecuted as either felonies or misdemeanors depending on the facts of the case. If there are no injuries and the traffic accident was minor, then the driver will be charged with a misdemeanor. But if a driver causes serious bodily injuries or death, then they can face penalties including prison.
Penalties for Hit and Run
A hit-and-run misdemeanor is punishable with a fine up to $1,000 and a prison sentence of up to 12 months. However, if the accident caused serious bodily injury or death to the other driver, passengers, or any pedestrians, then a hit-and-run becomes a felony. Felonies for hit-and-run are punishable with a prison sentence of at least one year but no more than five years. If there are any other hit and runs on your record within the five years, then those prior convictions will be considered when deciding your sentence.
The most common defense for a hit-and-run is that the accused driver was not actually driving the vehicle at the time of the car accident. For example, if the car was not in the registered driver’s possession at the time of the accident because a friend or family member borrowed the vehicle, then that can be used as a possible defense for the hit-and-run case.
What You Must Do After An Accident
According to Georgia state law O.C.G.A. 40-6-270, there are steps that you absolutely must take after an accident. These include:
- Call 911: You must make every reasonable effort to contact emergency services or law enforcement after there has been an accident, especially if the other driver, any passengers or any pedestrians are seriously injured, unconscious or deceased.
- Exchange information: If the other driver is capable of speaking and exchanging information with you, then you must exchange your name, address, vehicle registration number, and insurance information.
- Remain at the scene of the accident: All drivers that are involved must stay at the scene of the accident until all of this information has been exchanged, or the police have arrived and injured victims have been treated by medical personnel.
- Provide proof of a valid driver’s license to the driver of the other vehicle, if they request it
Statistics and Related Data
According to statistics compiled by the American Automobile Association (AAA), there were an average of 682,000 hit-and-run crashes each year between 2005 and 2015. In 2016 The AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety reported that there was a 62% increase in people who were killed in hit-and-run crashes since 2009, with a total of 2,049 people losing their lives. They also found the majority of the victims who were killed in these collisions were pedestrians and cyclists, at 65% of all fatalities. They also noted that over 20% of pedestrian deaths between 2009 and 2018 were caused by hit-and-run collisions, compared to only 1% of drivers who were fatally injured in a hit and run collisions.
Why You Need An Attorney
When you have been involved in an accident, it’s best to hire an attorney who knows about the state, federal, and local laws that can apply to your specific case. The Issa Law Firm has represented people in the Atlanta area, throughout Georgia as well as the rest of the United States. We believe in giving attention each case deserves and showing compassion to each of our clients. Give us a call today so you can schedule your free consultation.The wide assortment of the multitude of guidelines and rules that have as of late been passed controlling the idea of on-line Texas holder regions and slots and deciding exactly how much money that they can assemble. Just as additionally venturing to such an extreme as debilitating internet based slot and furthermore slot website stores that are supported by players as their on-line slot region just as online slot cash. Depleting the on the web Texas holder region just as online slot gamers bankroll at locales is a plain strategy that sends a strong message from the central government and administrative bodies, demonstrating that they have little wish to empower computer games of expertise, for example, Texas holder to continue being utilized the Web, empowering individuals to profit from the having some good times of rounds of capacity in on-line slot regions just as betting ventures. However the central government, agent of the moral mass, stays to rebuff on-line Texas holder region just as betting foundation gamers alongside foundations at each possible accommodation.
This focus on repressing the having a great time of Web slot just as different sorts of video gaming has constrained roulette online slots and furthermore betting endeavours to build up their associations outside of the United States, alongside shielding against various United States players from taking part in a significant part of the internet based slots and furthermore slot destinations that are offered, due to the difficulty of subsidizing the gamers bankroll. Since the section of the Unlawful Internet Betting Enforcement Act, gamers can presently do not utilize their MasterCard’s or any sort of different other sort of standard monetary help to finance their on the web slot region and betting endeavour cash. All Pg888th being equal, they need to use a multifaceted workaround including instalment handling focuses, for example, Kneeler to play in their supported on-line slot regions and slot destinations, for example, Full slant slot With the continually setting pristine guidelines and furthermore arrangements, it keeps on being to be seen what precisely the public authority needs to accomplish by causing various difficulties for players that basically bet pennies on loads of events.
Putting forth a particularly outrageous attempt to rebuff a protected industry leaves various industry specialists convinced that it is the tax-exempt nature of online slot region and betting undertaking room betting much more so than any moral shock that the country at the same time has really encountered that keeps up with the public authority energized against on-line slot regions and betting ventures, for example, พีจี888th It intrigues note that most of those lawmakers who decided in favour of the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act have really not been reappointed, just as those that casted a ballot against it have thoroughly enjoyed a solid help base in the new political races. The USA individuals at enormous have shown customarily throughout the long term that they have little concern concerning the idea of on-line Texas holder rooms and slots by and large.SUPPORT BY OUR GROUP
Our group aims to provide post-diagnosis support for men and their families. We do this in the following ways
1. Our Leaflet
On diagnosis at Leighton Hospital, men are given a leaflet about our group which extends an invitation to join us and attend our meetings. Click here to see the leaflet.
We don't aim to produce much more in the way of publications because there are many better sources available. Locally, you can find a superb selection of useful booklets on the Macmillan Cancer Support shelves at Leighton and other hospitals and there will often be a member of staff on duty if you would like a chat.
Organizations such as Tackle and Prostate Cancer UK have much information on their websites and also offer telephone help lines. See lower down this page for links to these and other websites.
2. Meetings
All are welcome to attend our bi-monthly Saturday morning meetings at Leighton Hospital. Meetings are held in the Postgraduate which is located in the near right-hand corner as you enter car park A off Entrance 1 (Main entrance). For further directions, you can download a site plan of Leighton Hospital from their NHS website at.
The meeting agenda typically includes the Chairman's update on group progress, arrangements for social activities and PSA Testing, possibly a talk by a guest speaker and a chance to chat with other members. There is always a raffle to help raise funds for our development activities and some meetings are followed by a buffet lunch. You can see details of the next few events, including Group Meetings, in the purple box on the right of this screen. See Calendar for a list of all future event dates.
3. Advice
Many members are happy to offer you the benefit of their experiences in treatment, side effects, medications etc. on a one-to-one basis. Some have published their own story of Prostate Cancer on the Members' Prostate Cancer Experiences page of this website. You may find a story that helps you at your own current stage of treatment. If you need further support, a Helpline is also available through Prostate Cancer Support on 0800 035 5302.
4. PALs
Our group's PALs initiative is all about communicating with each other and will hopefully show both the differences and similarities of members' experiences of Prostate Cancer. PALs will not be for everybody, but it’s an opportunity for the group to have a record of as many individual members' symptoms and if needed put members together to have that important conversation. If anyone has any questions regarding the PAL’s initiative please do not hesitate to contact Keith Mahoney Tel: 01270 627510 Email: Click here.
If interested in joining, you can download a PALs questionnaire here.
5. Other Information Sources
Treatments for Prostate Cancer - A leaflet published by the Prostate Cancer Research Centre
PCRC have produced a useful Q&A booklet on the various Prostate Cancer treatments that you might bw offerec as a patient.
You can download the booklet here
There is plenty of informaiton on Prostate Cancer can be found on the PCRC website here
Questions you may wish to ask your Consultant
Tackle has produced a page that may be of use to you especially if you are newly diagnosed. Tackle recommends that you should work in partnership with your consultant so that he/she knows you wish to be involved in making decisions on your future treatment. The web page may be found here.
Prostate Cancer Patient Guide
Another information source, recommended by a member at our March 2019 meeting, is the Prostate Cancer Patient Guide, produced by the USA organization the Prostate Cancer Foundation. You can see a list of this and other guides produced by the Prostate Cancer Foundation that you can download at. If you just want to view the 2019 version of the Prostate Cancer Patient Guide, this link should work.
Living Well Beyond Cancer
In his Chairman's Report at our September 2019 Group Meeting, David Laundon mentioned a document published by the PCF (Prostate Cancer Federation – based in Santa Monica) called Science of Living Well Beyond Cancer. You can download and read this document here.
Decision Aid and Risk Calculators
Mr Vincent Tang, Consultant Urologist specialising in robotic surgery at Stockport hospital, gave a talk at our March 2019 Group Meeting and has sent some links which may be useful:
- Prostate Cancer Decision aid for Early-stage patients
- Prostate Cancer Risk Trial Calculator
- Calculate your Prostate Cancer risk. Also see
- Prostate Cancer Prediction Tools
Urinary Incontinence Device Review
One of our members, Robin Creed, has written a short page describing the different devices that are available to men suffering urinary incontinence following treatment for Prostate Cancer. Click here to see the page.
Travel and Prostate Cancer
Prostate Cancer UK has published a leaflet Travel and Prostate Cancer which is available to order and download online. It includes:
- more information on finding suitable travel insurance
- an updated travel timeline
- vaccine information for men who are having/have recently had chemotherapy
- more practical tips to help men look after themselves while abroad.
No upcoming events.IGF USA 2021 Registration is Open
July 09 2021
Authored by: Dustin Loup • 3 Minute Read
The Internet Governance Forum USA (IGF-USA), found on IGFUSA.us, is a leading forum for multistakeholder dialogue on the biggest issues facing the Internet in the US. It brings together industry, government, civil society, academia, and technical experts to collectively discuss how the community can continue to support the evolution of the trusted, secure, globally interconnected Internet.
The IGF-USA is the best opportunity in the US to participate in these discussions in an open, inclusive and transparent manner. From the development of the programming to the forum itself, the process is completely free and open to all interested participants. This provides an opportunity for businesses, organizations, and individuals with an online presence to learn more about the technical and policy environments that impact them.
IGF-USA 2021
On July 14 and 15, the IGF-USA 2021 will host two days of in-depth discussions at a time in which the Internet plays a bigger role in our lives than ever before.
The IGF-USA community has been convening diverse, multistakeholder dialogue since 2009. Attending this year’s event will provide a great opportunity to better understand the issues that have become increasingly prominent in the media, governmental processes, and public dialogue.
Below is a preview of the IGF-USA 2021 Agenda:
Building Better Online Markets and Communities
This session highlights innovations that make online markets and communities more efficient, inclusive, responsible and trusted, with lightning talks from innovators and an expert panel discussion.
Why don’t we have better digital identity? What could we do if we did?
This session will discuss how the impacts of inadequate identity infrastructure have been exacerbated by the decrease of in-person transactions during the pandemic and the roles that both government and the private sector might play in identity solutions that can deliver a more secure, trusted, and inclusive Internet.
100% Online: How to close the Internet access gap once and for all
This session discusses how to close the internet connectivity gap once and for all and what lessons policymakers can learn from different countries’ approaches to bridging the digital divide.
The Social Platform Dilemma: Governance Approaches to Moderate Legal But “Objectionable” Content
This session explores the role of government, private sector, and civil society in content moderation decisions and reviews how social media platforms are addressing societal and state pressure to moderate and remove content that offends, may be considered hateful or violent, and possibly misleading, but is not illegal in the United States.
Facilitating Interoperability – Bridging the Gaps in Supply Chain Security
This session discussion will explore the gaps in interoperability between the principles of policy, technology, and intelligence and how to ensure more interoperability, collaboration, and cooperation in addressing security concerns and threats.
The Road to IoT Security: Industry and Government Working Together
This session will highlight how a coalition of industry groups is working with NIST and other government partners to improve results and raise expectations for security in Internet of Things (IOT) products and deployment, as well as promote policy harmonization internationally.
The Future of Data: Privacy Foundations and Legislative Approaches
This session will discuss how the U.S. can consider and incorporate the foundations of privacy into efforts to pass federal legislation that is suitable for today’s needs and flexible enough to be effective in the future.
Reexamining Antitrust in a Digital Economy
This session will discuss the US approach to antitrust law and the impact that several reform proposals might have on the Internet and the digital economy.
Scenarios for 2026: Will everything work everywhere?
This session will examine the political forces and drivers that could cause fragmentation of the Web and the Cloud–both within the United States and worldwide.
Feel Like Sharing?HTV Movies – Terminator Dark Fate brings back some old favorites October 23, 2019 Share Tweet +1Shares 0 Tags: YOU MIGHT ALSO LIKE New trailer for Solo: A Star Wars Story has landed Movies April 09, 2018 ALL the SUPERSTARS in The Secret Life of Pets 2! Movies June 07, 2019 Bad Boys 3 gets a release date Movies May 10, 2018 Bondage Videos
6:05Bondage fetish sub Casey Calvert clit teased during cat play99% LikeToday 7:59Bound gal Momo Imai got her hairy love tunnel toyed100% Like1 week ago 8:00Jamming a sex toy all the way up her cunt100% Like2 weeks ago 8:00Sexy AsianToy fucked tied up and pussy waxed100% Like2 weeks ago 7:56Attractive Asian Cutie Bound And Whipped Hard100% Like3 weeks ago 43:07Jap Babe Ass Fucked By Two Hung Blacks98% Like3 weeks ago 5:00Maki Koizumi had sex with her kinky father in law100% Like4 weeks ago 7:30Asian babe is tied up and enjoys the bondage session100% Like2 months ago 8:00Gorgeous Asian wife is roped and roughly plowed from behind100% Like2 months ago 7:00Nipple pierced Asian sexslave doggystyled deeply by maledom100% Like2 months ago 7:54Bound Asian lass is clamped and toyed as she hangs100% Like3 months ago 5:00Slim model, Yuzu Shiina likes group sex with many men100% Like3 months ago 8:00Asian babe ultra toyed and cum spunked in her face100% Like5 months ago 6:57Asian slave tied up and toy fucked terrifically100% Like6 months ago 7:46Asian freak tied up to be sexually game by some pervs100% Like7 months ago 8:00Japanese Bondage Teen With A Tight Ass Struggles With Her Ana100% Like7 months ago 7:55Tied to a stock Asian bimbo gets dildo stick poked99% Like9 months ago 5:00Japanese fetish lady, Mana Aoki satisfying a horny man, uncen100% Like9 months ago 5:00Ayumi Wakana is getting banged hard with a fucking machine100% Like9 months ago 5:00Aihara Miho likes to have rough sex until she cums100% Like9 months ago 7:57Dudes fucking her and she loves the group session100% Like10 months ago 8:00Asian babe hangs on the ropes as shes spun100% Like10 months ago 5:00Reiko Shimura is a horny plumper who got tied up100% Like11 months ago 5:00Rina Kiuchi is getting stimulated with many sex toys100% Like11 months ago 7:01Asian lass is sucking on the dick tied up100% Like12 months ago 7:56Craving Japanese Girl Gets Tied Up And Gagged100% Like12 months ago 5:00Submissive Ria Sakurai sucks dick to get out of jail100% Like1 year ago 5:00Kaori Kawada pays for the groceries with trimmed pussy100% Like2 years ago 5:00Sweet Aoi Mikami is moaning while getting fingerfucked100% Like2 years ago 5:00Cute Momo Imai is using sex toys even during threesomes100% Like2 years ago 7:56She never had abondage session like this before100% Like2 years ago 5:00Hot office lady, Yuno Shirasuna got DPed while at work100% Like2 years ago 5:00Kana Sato can just scream while cumming like never before100% Like2 years ago 5:00Aoi Wajo got a rock hard dick down her dirty throat100% Like2 years ago 7:54Groped, poked and toy fucked by the boys100% Like2 years ago 8:00Nippon milf sucks cock and loves cum on tits100% Like2 years ago 7:58Restrained Sexy Asian Chick Enjoy Toy Sex100% Like2 years ago 4:59Kinky Airi Ai sucks dicks while kneeling after getting finger100% Like2 years ago 15:47Lots Of Sore Asses In Lesbo Domination90% Like2 years ago 8:00Japanese mature spreading her legs and getting facialized100% Like2 years ago 8:00Cock brings tears to her eyes during their bondage session100% Like2 years ago 5:00Kinky fuck doll, Yui Tachiki got to cum, uncensored100% Like2 years ago 5:00Nene Masaki is often squirting during an intense orgasm100% Like2 years ago 8:01Tied Up Asian Babe Gets Spanked And Dildo Fucked100% Like2 years ago 5:00Yuu Shiraishi got gangbanged and throatfucked very hard100% Like2 years ago 5:00Haruka Otsuka likes position 69 and a hardcore fuck100% Like2 years ago 7:59Asian honey roped up getting toy fucked marvelously100% Like2 years ago 8:00Japanese juyuko MILF handling three cocks and getting faciali100% Like2 years ago 5:00Japanese housewife, Nami Honda lets the neighbor satisfy her,100% Like2 years ago 5:00Cocoa Saotome can't handle the intensity of pleasure100% Like2 years ago 7:57Bound Asian hottie receives a rough cunt and ass fucking100% Like2 years ago 29:46Desire Moore Has Her Pussy Lips Spanked94% Like2 years ago 30:16Christina Aguchi Rides Her White Slave93% Like2 years ago 8:00Asian Redhead Av Girl Anri Okita Showing Off Her Perfect Boob100% Like2 years ago 4:59Japanese fuck doll, Rio Haruna is eagerly sucking dick, uncen100% Like2 years ago 5:00Kinky Saki Aiba got restrained and stuffed with a dildo100% Like2 years agoให้คำปรึกษาเบื้องต้นทางด้านบัญชีตรวจสอบบัญชี จดทะเบียนบริษัทฯและระบบงานที่เกี่ยวข้องให้เหมาะสมกับหน่วยงานของท่าน
!!โดยไม่เสียค่าใช้จ่าย!!
Digital Marketing
อสังหาออนไลน์
เรียนการตลาดออนไลน์
กรมสรรพากร SME Thailand ตลาดหุ้น บ้านและที่ดิน(ฝากขาย-เช่าอสังหาริมทรัพย์) กฏหมายไทย แหล่งข้อมูลด้านบัญชี ภาษี กรมพัฒนาธุรกิจการค้า หอการค้าไทย กระทรวงยุติธรรม กรมศุลกากร เสื้อผ้า ออกแบบตกแต่งภายใน(Interior Design) สภาวิชาชีพบัญชี กระทรวงพาณิชย์ สถาบันเพิ่มผลผลิตแห่งชาติ วิศวกรรม จัดหางาน Real Estate Broker
Apartments Center
>> Home | Services | Experience
The service consists of firms that provide a range of
1. Accounting services, including the audit and review of financial records, the preparation of financial statements and accounting reports, the development of budgets, the design of accounting systems, and the provision of advice on accounting matters
2. Auditing Services, including Full Statutory Audit, Internal Audit.
3. Work permit, Visa and Certificate of residence service
Our firms may also provide other related services such as bookkeeping and payroll services, tax return preparation, management consulting and insolvency.
Accounting Service
Accounting Services is responsible for processing and recording complete, accurate and timely financial information to be used for reporting, management, and decision making.
Responsibilities also include maintenance of the general ledger and preparing monthly, quarterly and year-end financial reports, and various reconciliations. Accounting also maintains the chart of accounts, and cash accountability for investment of funds and assists with and responds to external and internal audits for both legal and GAAP based accounting and audit requirements. For a more detailed list of responsibilities.
Our Accounting Services Division offers a complete range of financial services to a wide variety of Federal agencies. On one end of the spectrum, we can provide total accounting support including transaction processing, system setup and support, and comprehensive reporting. At the other end, if all you need is platform support, we can provide a fully integrated and modern system that can be configured to meet the financial needs of any Federal organization. We can also provide services at any level in between.
Our accounting services include:
Processing accounting transactions for single, multi, and no–year appropriated funds, as well as revolving and trust funds. Preparing financial statements and various other financial management reports.
Providing financial audit support:
We believe that our ability to provide a modern, web–based, integrated financial system in combination with an experienced and dedicated staff makes Accserve the best value alternative for customers.
We invite you to take this opportunity to learn more about our accounting services and our commitment to the highest level of customer service.
We offer clients three principal types of accounting service Accounting and Tax Services, and Solutions to Accounting Problems.
Accounting and Tax Services
We can establish and maintain a set of books for smaller companies using either our in-house accounting software or the software of your choice. The service can be customized according to your needs and typically includes payroll, the preparation of the Profit and Loss Account, Cash Flow Statement and Balance Sheet on a monthly basis and the preparation of other accounts-based management reports that you may require from time to time. A set of annual accounts in a form suitable for audit will also be prepared. Again, specialized knowledge on tax, accounting and regulatory issues is available to you as part of the package.
Solutions to Accounting Problems
We help you to solve specific accounting problems or assist in case of a breakdown in the accounting system. We can determine whether the problem is system-, personnel- or transaction-based and then propose and implement the most appropriate solution, including, where necessary, staff training. We can recreate historic accounting records, ensuring that you have a clean set of books going forwards, particularly from a tax perspective.
We provide the advice that enables companies to solve their tax problems. Our services in this area include Strategic Tax Planning and Payroll Services.
Strategic Tax Planning
We offer high level strategic advice designed to help companies and businessmen plan their local tax affairs efficiently, particularly with regard to the payment of local corporate tax and to the VAT implications of the import/export of goods and services overseas.
Payroll Services
We provide full payroll services, not only providing services more cost-effectively than many companies can provide internally, but also ensuring confidentiality. We use specialized payroll software and can prepare customized payroll reports and salary slips. Our payroll services can be provided either as part of a general accounting package or on a stand-alone basis.
Auditing Service We have a team of fully qualified Thai Certified Public Accountants (CPA's) and can provide Full Statutory Audit, Internal Audit and Accounting Systems Reviews.
Full Statutory Audit
Statutory audit services are offered through our separate audit company, Accserve Co., Ltd. Using in-house audit programs that are designed to ensure acceptable audit risk and appropriate and complete audit procedures, our auditor will conduct an examination of your accounting records in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. As a result of our audit, we will often be able to provide you with value-added observations and recommendations, particularly in the area of internal controls.
Internal Audit
We can design and run internal audit programs to check that effective internal controls are in place, that records are properly kept and that, where applicable, your procedures are in accordance with corporate policy. We can also perform audits on management efficiency and on compliance with specific rules and regulations.
Accounting System Reviews
We can perform a detailed review of either your overall accounting system or of specific areas such as inventory control or costing methods. As part of this process, we can also assess the suitability to your business of specialized accounting software packages.
Accserve Co., Ltd.
Address : PP Place Building 22 Soi Sukhumvit 62 (Yak8-5), Sukhumvit Road, Bangjak, Phrakhanong, Bangkok 10260 Tel: (02) 741-5530-1 Fax: (02) 741-5532 Email address:If I cancel my Delta flight and get a refund?
24-Hour Risk-Free Cancellation.
Can I get a refund on my Delta airline ticket?
Travelers can cancel the ticket and receive a full refund, including any prepaid fees and direct ticketing charges. There is no Delta cancellation fee. … Rather, travelers need to contact Delta’s reservation line at 1-800-221-1212. you cancel Delta flights for free?
Delta’s 24-hour risk free cancellation period allows you to cancel any Delta flight within 24 hours of your booking and receive a full refund with no fees attached. This includes basic economy fares, which typically are non-refundable in most other circumstances..
What is a covered reason for trip cancellation Delta?
Cancellation Benefits
Every comprehensive travel insurance policy will cover cancellation of a trip because of issues that were completely unexpected. Things like death, serious illness, jury duty etc..
How do I use my Delta credit for a Cancelled flight?
Ticketing Information: Please redeem this voucher at. Paper vouchers may be redeemed at Delta, Air France, and KLM ticket counters. Redemptions at will not incur a transaction fee. Fees will apply if voucher is redeemed through any other Delta location..
How much money will be refunded on cancellation of flight ticket?
Refund as per Airline cancellation policy will be Rs. 4750. This amount will be credited into the payment mode chosen by customer. Refund as per Free Cancellation cover – 2500+250 = Rs..
How many flights has Delta Cancelled today?
Many customers have already been contacted by Delta. 2:30 p.m. ET Wednesday: Delta has canceled 311 flights today.
Can I change my Delta flight for free?
You may change your ticket without paying a change fee, provided all fare and ticket rules are met and seats are available. If the ticket price has increased since your original purchase, you may need to pay the difference in price from your original fare to your new fare.
Can I change my Delta flight more than once?
Delta tickets can also be canceled in exchange for a travel credit equal to the amount of the ticket for free. Tickets purchased in March can be changed as many times as you’d like without a change fee. Other tickets can be changed once.Double Bass
- Didi Beck Signature Model - made exclusively for Thomann
- Violin form
- Size: 3/4
- Laminated top
- Laminated back
- Natural oil-finished ebony fingerboard
- Stringed with Gut-A-Like Didi Beck Edition strings
- Height adjustable carbon pin
- Wittner tailpiece
- Rubner machine heads
- Ebony nut and saddle
- Original Didi Beck slap string position
- Colour: Transparent matte black with white edges
cover laminated
back Laminated curved
Fretboard Ebony
Machine Heads Tirolean machines
adjustable bridge No
bag included No
bow included No
available since November 2011
Item number 271273
Smart Navigator
- Duke Laminated Plywood Double Basses at a glance
- Display Laminated Plywood Double Basses from £ 2250 - £ 2750
- Go to product group Laminated Plywood Double Basses
- Go to product group Double Basses
- Go to product group String Instruments
- Go to product group Traditional Instruments
- Show manufacturer details for Duke
- Duke Traditional Instruments at a glanceReadability
Writing content in plain language.
Readable website content
Website content should be written in plain language, accessible to a wide-ranging audience, generally not exceeding a lower secondary level of reading.
Front load content with the most important information at the beginning, following with increasingly detailed content.
Be clear, concise, and direct with the writing style. Avoid jargon (unless immediately defined) and use the active voice whenever possible. If the website content is geared towards a specific audience (e.g. academics) with specialized terms, then the language can be at a more complex reading level.
According to the Official Languages Act, all publications must be available in both official languages and must be professionally translated.
Refer to the Canada.ca Content Style Guide (see Resources) for formatting and punctuation guidelines.Roadrunner is an outstanding email service that is being used by millions settings can help you to work efficiently.
Perform the below-mentioned steps to Roadrunner Email and configure Roadrunner Email settings in order to utilize one of the best emailing services. If you want any assistance, then you can dial the Roadrunner support number. Grab the finest opportunity to get help from the best technicians all over the World.
Effectual Steps to Setup Roadrunner Email Settings
If you want to access the Roadrunner email account on your Android device, then listed below are the necessary steps that you need to follow to access Time Warner Email.
- Firstly, you should open the Email app and enter your rr email address.
- Choose “Personal (POP3) “, and then type your Roadrunner password.
- Input the Incoming Server Settings.
- Username: You need to enter your full email address with @maine.rr.com included at the end (this will change based on your location. For example satx.rr.com or something else).
- Password: Provide your Roadrunner webmail password.
- Server: pop-server.maine.rr.com (this will change based on your location)
- Port: 110
- Security type: None
- Once this is done, input the Outgoing Server settings.
- Server: smtp-server.maine.rr.com (domain varies based on location).
- Port: 587 (May also be 25)
- Security type: None
- Require sign-in: Check
- Username: username@maine.rr.com (domain varies based on the location)
- Password: Your rr email password.
- Click on the “Next” option, and then tap on “Next” again.
- Next, enter your name in the “Your name” box. People who will receive emails from you will see this name.
- Click on “Next”. That’s it.
- If the above settings do not work then go for the following alternate server settings.
- Incoming server: pop-server.rr.com
- Outgoing server: smtp-server.rr.com
Once this has been set up you can now use your Roadrunner email account using your Android device.
Procedure to Manually Perform Roadrunner Email Settings
- Unlock the Applications tray, click on “MyAccounts”.
- Select the “Add Account” option to add the account.
- Provide your full Roadrunner email address, including “@__.rr.com” domain name in all lower case. And then type the Roadrunner password.
- Uncheck automatically configure the account.
- Then click on General Settings, and also check that information in all General Settings fields is correct. Make any necessary changes, and then choose OK to exit this menu.
- Tap on Incoming Server and POP mail server.
- Fill POP3 server- pop-server.si.rr.com -(*** si refers to Staten Island).
- Provide Port- 110 (995 can also be tried)
- Write down your username and your password<
- Uncheck UseSecure server and Verify certificate.
- This is the time to select Outgoing server–
- And enter SMTP server- smtp-server.si.rr.com – (*** si refers to Staten Island only)
- Use Secure server unchecked
- Confirm certificate is unchecked or not. After that, enter port- 25 (*** Port 587 can also be used for outgoing if 25 does not work)
- Go to Other Settings and choose the length of time messages will be kept on the phone. (1 week, 2 weeks, 1 month, 2 months, Never Delete Messages)
- When it is over, hit on “OK” again to submit your email set-up.
How to do TimeWarner Email Setup for IMAP and SMTP?
IMAP
- First of all, open your device and click on Accounts, and hit the Add button.
- Now, type your login credentials like Username and Password.
- Next, fix the IMAP Server as mail.twc.com and set the port as 993 for IMAP.
- Also, ensure that you are using the SSL/TLS security type.
- Check that the insecure port should be 143 and set the security type as None.
SMTP
- Mail.twc.com should be set as an SMTP server and select 587 as an outgoing SMTP port.
- Choose the security type as SSL/TLS.
- At last, click on OK to confirm the TimeWarner Email Setup.
If you find any difficulty in following these steps, then you can contact the Roadrunner customer number where experts will help you to perform Roadrunner Email Setup. You can reach out to experts at any time. They are available for you 24*7.
Frequently Asked Questions(FAQs)
1.Why can’t I log into my Roadrunner email?
RoadRunner Email is one of the most popular emailing services. It not only offers you a host of useful features but also allows the users to manage their multiple accounts. However, sometimes, you may not be able to login into the email account. This can be caused due to server down, poor Internet connection, or entering incorrect login credentials, etc.
2.What happened to the Roadrunner email?
If you are in an urgency to send an email. After preparing it, you find that your Roadrunner email has stopped. You may wonder what to do and what are the causes for it? There are different reasons why the Roadrunner email must have stopped working. Firstly, it may be due to a server error. Hence, you may not be able to send the emails. Another reason can be an invalid entry of login credentials. You must have typed the wrong password. Also, ensure that your user ID is correct. There is also a chance that the Roadrunner email account must be locked or blocked. The Roadrunner email corrupts if a virus or malware invades our PC.
3.How do I reactivate my Roadrunner email?
You can also reactivate the account by fixing the various issues. These incidents login credentials; forgotten passwords; incompatibility of web browsers, or internet problems. For fixing login credentials problems, first, you need to enter the correct username or password. Hence, open the Roadrunner email and enter your credentials properly. Although if you have forgotten the password, then click on the option of forgot email password. Next, you’ll be taken to a new page and you will be asked to enter cable modem ID (Mac address). You will be asked the verification questions. However, by answering it correctly, you’ll be allowed to reset the password. If this method works, you will also be able to login into your Roadrunner email account.
4.How do I change my RR email password?
Are you not able to login into your Roadrunner email account? Then, you need to check whether you have entered the correct password. However, there is a possibility that you must have forgotten it. To reset your password, open the official sign-in page. In the login credentials, you may see an option of “Forgot Email Password”. Now, click over it. Now you will be asked to enter your email address and cable modem ID (Mac address). Enter the required details and click on the submit button. Then, you’ll be asked security verification questions. You will have to answer the correct option from the drop-down menu. Post this, a random 8 digit number will be generated on your screen. Enter it, and you’ll be allowed to reset your password.The Promotion of Values in Young People in Different Contexts of Sports Practice
Keywords:basketball, sport and values, education
Abstract
The educational potential of sport is a wide-ly researched topic area in sports science. This potential is greater or lesser depending on the focus given to sports. The objectives of this study are to: (i) Establish the reference values and their hierarchy in participants in the RMF’s Socio-sporting Basketball Schools compared with secondary school students; (ii) Identify whether there are differences according to sex and age group; (iii) To determine if there are differences in the relationships between dimensions comparing the RMF athletes and the group of secondary school students. The study includes 304 participants. Of these, 80 have engaged in sports at the RMF’s Socio-sporting Basketball Schools and 224 are secondary school students who had not played sports in the RMF’s schools. All participants are aged between 12 and 16 (M = 13.94; SD = 1.35). The instrument used is the Questionnaire on Values in Team Sports, in Spanish Cuestionario sobre Valores en los Deportes de Equipo (CUVADE) (12-16 years). This tool allows the researcher to establish the reference values of participants in team sports as well as the hierarchy in which they place these values, both inside and outside the educational and/or sports club setting. The athletes at the RMF Socio-sporting Schools exhibit a greater appreciation of the dimensions of sportsmanship, fair play, and peaceful behaviour. In addition, the boys and girls who play basketball at the RMF Socio-sporting Schools do not display significant differences in any of the six dimensions. However, the secondary school students display differences in the dimensions of personal and team success. According to the data obtained, the sporting-educational model of the RMF can be regarded as contributing to young athletes’ optimal personal development.WRIGHT-PATTERSON AIR FORCE BASE — A new gate opened at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base Nov. 18 for commercial and passenger vehicles at Area A.
The new Gate 26A began operations and is open weekdays 6 a.m. to 6 p.m., for both commercial and passenger vehicles. The new gate will also be open on Saturdays from 6 a.m. to 2 p.m., for commercial vehicles only.
The gate is located off State Highway 235, also.
!-OTHER_SCRIPTS-->
Classic Fuji Arts | Switch to the New Fuji Arts Site!
Item Number:
947702
Original Takeuchi Seiho (1864 - 1942) Japanese Woodblock Print
Drastic Price Reduction Moved to Clearance, Act Fast!
Series; Inkstone Travel Pictures (Tabi Suzuri)!
Takeuchi Seiho - Considered one of the founders of modern Japanese painting, Takeuchi Seiho initially studied with the Maruyama-Shijo school in Kyoto. After traveling in Europe in 1900 - 1901, he incorporated Western techniques into his style, creating a unique and harmonious synthesis of Western and traditional Japanese art. An influential teacher, he established his own private school and also taught at the Kyoto Municipal College of Painting. Sketching from life, Seiho beautifully captured the essence of the landscapes, animals, and plants that he depicted. This highly gifted and innovative artist received the first Order of Cultural Merit award from the Japanese government in 1937.
Inkstone Travel Pictures - Charming design from Takeuchi Seiho's "Inkstone Travel Pictures" (Tabi suzuri), which features scenes recorded during his many journeys. Subjects include landscapes, animals, and objects he encountered during his trips, rendered with lively line work and fluid brushstrokes conveying the sense of a quick ink sketch from life, accompanied by text. The series was published posthumously in sets of five prints, beginning in 1947 and continuing through 1948, with a total of fifty prints. The first time we've seen these interesting designs.
Artist - Takeuchi Seiho (1864 - 1942)
Image Size - Page size 4" x 6 1/4"
Condition - This print with excellent detail as shown. Slight paper remnants or thinning on reverse at edge from original publisher mounting. Toning. Some prints have a few!The following appeared at and was written by Don Clippinger. The Montpelier Hunt Races take place Saturday November 2nd at the home/estate of former President James Madison in Orange, VA just north of Charlottesville. As of October 30th, the extended forecast for Saturday calls for sunny skies and temperature of 60 degrees. Details and ticket info is at montpelierraces.org.
Montpelier Hunt Races’ $40,000 Noel Laing Handicap attracted a bulging field of 15 entrants to contest the 2½-mile voyage over the Virginia course’s lofty natural brush fences on Saturday.
The Montpelier meet, on the property of President James Madison’s restored home, drew several full or oversubscribed fields for its seven races. First post time is 12:30 p.m.
Topping the Noel Laing handicap at 158 pounds is Riverdee Stable’s Gibralfaro, who is coming off a sharp 3½-length victory in the International Gold Cup’s $75,000 David L. “Zeke” Ferguson Memorial (Gr. 2) last Saturday. Trainer Jack Fisher did not name a jockey to ride the seven-year-old Irish-bred.
The Noel Laing will draw heavily from the Far Hills Races’ Appleton Handicap, a ratings handicap. Woodslane Farm’s Pik Em, also trained by Fisher, won the 2 1/8-mile Appleton by 3½ lengths at 24.30-to-1 odds. One of the fall season’s most improved horses, the five-year-old Tapit gelding will carry 150 pounds.
Also coming out of the Appleton are Leipers Ford Steeplechase’s Querry Horse, the second finisher; Rosbrian Farm’s Stooshie, who finished third; Buttonwood Farm’s All the Way Jose, fourth; Jeffrey Amling and Merriefield Farm’s My Afleet, fifth; Irv Naylor’s Amschel, sixth; Rather Be Racing’s Kremlin, ninth; and Gill Johnston’s Peppay Le Pugh, 10th.
Mrs. Johnston also will be represented by Set to Music, who finished ninth in an International Gold Cup ratings handicap last Saturday. Trainer Kathy Neilson named Skylar McKenna to ride the eight-year-old Dynaformer gelding.
Rosbrian also entered The Holy One, who was pulled up in Far Hills’ Grand National (Gr. 1) in his first U.S. start. Trainer Ricky Hendriks named Jack Doyle aboard both Stooshie and The Holy One.
Also coming out of the Far Hills meet on Oct. 19 is Mark Buyck’s Show Court, who finished 11th in the New Jersey Hunt Cup, a flat stakes race. A Grade 1 winner last year, Show Court is trained by Arch Kingsley Jr.
Straylight Racing’s Invocation has followed an alternate route to the Noel Laing by racing in Virginia’s steeplethons on courses of mixed obstacles. A two-time winner in ratings handicaps last fall, the French-bred finished second in Virginia Fall’s Kinross steeplethon on Oct. 12 and third in the International Gold Cup’s Steeplethon Stakes last Saturday.
Mark Beecher trains Invocation and My Afleet.
Here is the field for the $40,000 Noel Laing Handicap in post-position order. The horses’ handicap weights are in parentheses at the end of their profiles.
Kremlin. 2012 ch. g., Eskendereya—Dock Leaf, by Woodman. Owner: Rather Be Racing stable. Trainer: Jack Fisher. Jockey: Open. Breeder: Juddmonte Farm (Ky.) 2019 record: 1-0-0-0, $0. 2018 2-1-0-0, $18,000. Pulled up in Far Hills’ 2019 Appleton ratings handicap. Won 2018 Queen’s Cup ratings handicap, then was pulled up in Calvin Houghland Iroquois (Gr. 1). (146)
All the Way Jose. 2010 b. g., Senor Swinger—Maternity Leave, by Northern Baby. Owner: Buttonwood Farm. Trainer: Jonathan Sheppard. Jockey: Gerard Galligan. Breeder: Jonathan Sheppard (Pa.) 2019 record: 6-0-0-1, $40,750. 2018 record: 6-0-1-1, $ 68,200. Finished third in Belmont Park’s 2019 Lonesome Glory Handicap (Gr. 1), then was fourth in Far Hill’s Appleton ratings handicap. Finished fifth in Saratoga’s 2019 A. P. Smithwick Memorial (Gr. 1) and New York Turf Writers Cup Handicap (Gr. 1). In 2019 debut, finished fourth in the Temple Gwathmey Handicap (Gr. 2), then was fourth in Calvin Houghland Iroquois (Gr. 1). Finished second in 2018 Noel Laing at Montpelier Hunt Races. Finished third in 2018 Grand National Gr. 1) for second straight year. Won 2017 Lonesome Glory Handicap (Gr. 1). (152)
Show Court (Ire). 2009 b. g., Vinnie Roe—Sparking Gem, by Revoque. Owner: Mark W. Buyck Jr. Trainer: Arch Kingsley Jr. Jockey: Open. Breeder: Grange Stud (Ire). 2019 NSA record: 4-0-0-0, $3,500. 2018 record: 6-2-0-0, $122,000. Finished 11th in Far Hills’ 2019 New Jersey Hunt Cup on flat after being eased in Saratoga’s A. P. Smithwick Memorial (Gr. 1), which he won in 2018. Opened 2019 with sixth in Carolina Cup Handicap, then was pulled up in Temple Gwathmey Handicap (Gr. 2) and fourth in Valentine Memorial Handicap. (148)
Gibralfaro. (Ire). 2012 b. g., Dalakhani (Ire)—Ronda, by Bluebird. Owner: Riverdee Stable. Trainer: Jack Fisher. Jockey: Open. Breeder: Sarl Darpat France (Ire). 2019 record: 5-2-1-0, $144,000. 2018 record: 5-1-3-0, $77,250. Won International Gold Cup’s 2019 David L. “Zeke” Ferguson Memorial (Gr. 2). Finished second in Saratoga’s. (158)
Querry Horse (Fr). 2012 b. g., Equerry—La Richelandiere (Fr), by Garde Royale (Ire). Owner: Leipers Fork Steeplechase. Trainer: Leslie Young. Jockey: Ross Geraghty. Breeder: Pierre Duvignaud (Fr). 2019 NSA record: 3-0-3-0, $11,700. Since spring 2019 arrival in U.S., has had three second-place finishes, most recently in Far Hills’ Appleton ratings handicap. (140)
Amschel (GB). 2014 b. g., Nathaniel (Ire)—Darinza (Fr), by Dalakhani (Ire). Owner: Irvin S. Naylor. Trainer: Cyril Murphy. Jockey: Graham Watters. Breeder: Newsells Park Stud (GB). 2019 record: 1-0-0-0, $1,500. 2018 NSA record: 1-0-0-1, $12,500. Made 2019 debut with sixth-place finish in Far Hills’ Appleton ratings handicap. In only other U.S. start, finished third in division of Far Hills’ Foxbrook Champion Hurdle. Won three straight races in Ireland in 2018 before export. (152)
Repeat Repeat. 2014 dk. b. or br. g., Arch—Dattt Echo, by Stormy Atlantic. Owner: Bon Nouvel Chasers. Trainer: Julie Gomena. Jockey: Open. Breeder: Dattt Farm (Ky.) 2019 record: 4-1-1-1, $34,700. Finished second in 2019 Virginia Fall ratings handicap, then was pulled up when impeded in International Gold Cup ratings handicap. Won his steeplechase debut by a neck at the 2019 Carolina Cup, and then was third in tough allowance hurdle at Iroquois after setting early pace. Had four consecutive first-place finishes on flat in 2018. (142)
Invocation (Fr). 2013 dk. b. g., Intense Focus—Fabiola, by Medicean. Owner: Straylight Racing. Trainer: Mark Beecher. Jockey: Open. Breeder: E.A.R.L. Elevage Des Loges (Fr). 2019 record: 4-0-2-2, $24,100. 2018 record: 2-2-0-0, $48,000. Finished third in International Gold Cup’s 2019 Steeplethon after second in Virginia Fall’s Kinross Steeplethon. Finished second in 2019 Carolina Cup, then was third in Virginia Gold Cup’s David Semmes Memorial (Gr. 2). In two 2018 starts, won ratings handicaps at Far Hills and Charleston. (152)
Pik Em. 2014 gr. or ro. g., Tapit—Seattle Smooth, by Quiet American. Owner: Woodslane Farm. Trainer: Jack Fisher. Jockey: Open. Breeder: Mercedes Stables (Ky.). 2019 record: 7-1-2-1, $61,000. 2018 record: 4-2-0-0, $33,500. Won Far Hills’ 2019 Appleton ratings handicap after score in Shawan Downs ratings handicap. Finished second in Cup Runneth Over and Virginia Gold Cup ratings handicaps before losing rider at Radnor in higher-level handicap. Finished fifth in division of Far Hills’ 2018 Foxbrook Champion Hurdle for novices. Won 2018 High Hope ratings handicap handily after maiden victory over fences in Radnor maiden claiming hurdle. (150). (148)
Stooshie (Ire). 2013 b. g., Fracas (Ire)—Misty Native (Ire), by Be My Native. Owner: Rosbrian Farm. Trainer: Ricky Hendriks. Jockey: Jack Doyle. Breeder: Peter Tonery (Ire). 2019 NSA record: 2-0-1-1, $11,300. Finished third in Far Hills’ 2019 Appleton ratings handicap after second in Iroquois Steeplechase ratings handicap, his U.S. debut. (148)
Set to Music. 2011b. g., Dynaformer—Pussycat Doll, by Real Quiet. Owner: Gill Johnston. Trainer: Kathy Neilson. Jockey: Skylar McKenna. Breeder: Mr. and Mrs. M. Roy Jackson (Ky.). 2019 record: 6-0-0-1, $7,500. 2018 record: 5-1-2-2, $42,600. Finished ninth in 2019 International Gold Cup ratings handicap after seventh in Saratoga allowance hurdle and fourth in Shawan Downs ratings handicap. Finished third in 2019 Middleburg Spring allowance hurdle and fourth in Radnor handicap before fifth in Colonial Downs ratings handicap. (140)
The Holy One (Ire). 2013 b. g., Court Cave (Ire)—Vickate (Ire), by Old Vic (GB). Owner: Rosbrian Farm. Trainer: Ricky Hendriks. Jockey: Jack Doyle.. (150)
Peppay Le Pugh (Ire). 2011 b. g., Arakan—Pinaflore, by Formidable. Owner: Gillian Johnston. Trainer: Jack Fisher. Jockey: Open. Breeder: John Kennedy (Ire). 2019 NSA record: 3-0-0-0, $0. Finished 10th in Far Hills’ 2019 Appleton ratings handicap. In U.S. debut, finished ninth in Saratoga’s 2019 A. P. Smithwick Memorial (Gr. 1), then was eighth in New York Turf Writers Cup (Gr 1). Raced extensively in lower-level hurdle and steeplechase handicaps in England. Closed out that phase of his career with a second at Carlisle in April 2019 after a win at Ayr. (150)
Henry San (Ire). 2007 ch. g., Exceed And Excell (Aus)—Esclava, by Nureyev. Owner: Casey Pinkard Savin. Trainer: Anna DiGennaro. Jockey: Archie Macauley. Breeder: Mrs. M. C. Sweeney (Ire). 2019 record: No starts. 2018 record: No starts. Most recently started in Iroquois Steeplechase’s 2017 Mason Houghland Memorial over timber and finished third. Won 2017 Queen’s Cup allowance timber. (140)Syphilis is a systemic infection caused by Treponema pallidum, a spirochete bacterium that is transmitted primarily through sexual activity or with vertical transmission during pregnancy. Cases of syphilis, including congenital syphilis, have risen substantially in recent years in the United States. In the absence of treatment, persons who acquire T. pallidum remain chronically infected and can develop an array of clinical manifestations. Syphilis characteristically progresses in stages (primary, secondary, latent, and tertiary), with episodes of active clinical disease interrupted by periods of latent infection; neurologic manifestations can occur at any of these stages (Figure 1).[1,2] Chronic disease can result in significant morbidity, potentially affecting nearly every organ system, and rarely, can result in death. In addition, untreated syphilis in pregnant women can lead to fetal demise and devastating congenital infection for the neonate.
- 3. Syphilis
Learning Objective Performance Indicators
Last Updated: October 25th, 2021Authors:David H. Spach, MD,David H. Spach, MD
- Summarize the epidemiology of Treponema pallidum infections in the United States
- Describe the microbiology and transmission of Treponema pallidum
- Discuss the clinical manifestations of the stages of syphilis in men, women, and children
- Compare the laboratory diagnostic methods used to diagnose syphilis
- Summarize routine syphilis screening recommendations
- List the CDC-recommended treatment regimens for syphilis infections
- Summarize counseling and education messages for individuals with syphilis infection
Professor of Medicine
Division of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
University of WashingtonDisclosures: NoneMeena S. Ramchandani, MDMeena S. Ramchandani, MD, MPH
Assistant Professor of Medicine
Division of Allergy and Infectious Diseases
University of WashingtonDisclosures: Shareholder: Gilead SciencesReviewer:Khalil G. Ghanem, MD, PhDKhalil G. Ghanem, MD, PhD
Professor of Medicine
Division of Infectious Diseases
Johns Hopkins University School of MedicineDisclosures: NoneTable of Contents
- Syphilis
- Introduction
- Epidemiology in the United States
- Microbiology, Pathogenesis, and Transmission
- Clinical Manifestations
- Laboratory Diagnosis
- Screening for Syphilis
- Treatment
- General Considerations
- Treatment of Primary and Secondary Syphilis in Adults
- Treatment of Primary or Secondary Syphilis with Penicillin Allergy
- Treatment of Latent Syphilis in Adults
- Treatment of Latent Syphilis in Persons Allergic to Penicillin
- Treatment of Tertiary Syphilis in Adults
- Treatment of Tertiary Syphilis in Persons Allergic to Penicillin
- Treatment of Neurosyphilis, Ocular Syphilis, and Otosyphilis in adults
- Treatment of Neurosyphilis in Persons Allergic to Penicillin
- Treatment of Syphilis in Adults with HIV
- Delays in Treatment Doses
- Treatment of Syphilis in Pregnancy
- Treatment of Neonates and Infants and Children with Syphilis
- Jarisch-Herxheimer Reaction
- Post-Treatment Follow Up
- Management of Sex Partners
- Counseling and Education
- Summary Points
- Check-On-Learning
- Citations
- Additional References
- Figures
- Tables
Introduction
Epidemiology in the United States
2019 Syphilis Surveillance Data
Although surveillance reporting of syphilis cases includes data for multiple syphilis stages, the reported cases for primary and secondary syphilis most accurately represent new infections. During the past 80 years in the United States, the incidence of syphilis has fluctuated (Figure 2).[3] Since the year 2000, the reported number of syphilis cases in the United States has dramatically increased, peaking at 129,813 reported cases (of all stages) in 2019 (Figure 3).[3] The sharp increase in syphilis cases from 2010 to 2017 was mainly due to an increase in cases among men who have sex with men (MSM), whereas increases in 2018 and 2019 were mainly attributable to increases in syphilis cases among women and in men who have sex with women.[3] In 2019, a total of 38,992 cases of primary and secondary syphilis were reported, which represents a 63% increase from 2015 and the highest reported number of cases since 1991.[3] In recent years, there has been an increase in cases of syphilis in women, and a concurrent sharp increase in the number of cases of congenital syphilis.[3] The following summarizes several key epidemiologic features for syphilis as reported in the United States for the year 2019.[3]
- Sex: The rate of reported primary and secondary syphilis cases among men (20.1 cases per 100,000 men) was approximately 5-fold higher than among women (3.9 cases per 100,000 women) and men accounted for 83% of these cases. For both men and women, rates of reported primary and secondary syphilis had increased significantly from 2015 to 2019, with a 179% increase in women and a 48% increase in men (Figure 4).
- Sex Partner: Men who have sex with men (MSM) accounted for 41.6% of reported cases of primary and secondary syphilis; an additional 5.5% of the reported cases involved men who have sex with both men and women (Figure 5).
- Age: The highest rates of reported primary and secondary cases of syphilis in both males and females occurred in persons 25 to 29 years of age, followed by those 30 to 44 years of age. For females, the age group with the second highest rate was in those 20 to 24 years of age, whereas for males, the second highest rates were highest in those 30 to 34 years of age (Figure 6).
- Race/Ethnicity: The rate of primary and secondary syphilis was highest among Black persons (31.0 cases per 100,000 persons) and next highest among Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander individuals (Figure 7). The racial differences in syphilis prevalence likely reflect differential access to quality sexual health care and differences in sexual network characteristics, rather than differences in sexual behavior.
- Region and State: The West had the highest rate of reported primary and secondary syphilis (16.9 per 100,000 persons), followed by the South (12.2 per 100,000 persons). The five states with the highest rates of reported cases of primary and secondary syphilis were (in descending order) Nevada, California, Mississippi, Georgia, and Arizona; rates were extremely high in the District of Columbia (Figure 8).
- Congenital Syphilis: The number of reported congenital syphilis cases has consistently risen in recent years—during the 6-year period from 2013-2019, the number of cases increased by an alarming 417% (from 362 to 1,870 cases) (Figure 9). The recent increases in rates of congenital syphilis parallel the rise in primary and secondary syphilis among women.
- HIV Coinfection: In cases of primary and secondary syphilis when the HIV status of the person diagnosed was known, HIV coinfection was present in 44.2% of MSM and in 7.6% of men who have sex only with women. For women diagnosed with primary and secondary syphilis, 4.5% were identified as having HIV (when the HIV status was known). Among MSM who do not have HIV, a diagnosis of primary or secondary syphilis is associated with a significantly increased risk of subsequently acquiring HIV.[4]Which one of the following statements is TRUE regarding reported rates of primary and secondary syphilis in the United States?Check
-On-
Learning
Question
Factors Associated with Syphilis Diagnosis
Persons with the highest rates of syphilis include MSM and individuals with HIV (men or women).[3,5] Additional factors associated with an increased rate of syphilis include age younger than 29 years, a history of incarceration, methamphetamine use, injection drug use, and exchanging sex for money or drugs.[5,6,7] Among MSM, the use of methamphetamine has been associated with a substantially increased risk of acquiring syphilis.[7]
Impact
Untreated syphilis can result in major morbidity and rarely in death. In the United States, the estimated lifetime cost for syphilis infections acquired in 2018 was $173.7 million.[8] This estimate correlated with an approximate lifetime cost per syphilis infection of $1,190. The overall lifetime medical cost for syphilis represented about 1% of the $15.9 billion lifetime cost for all sexually transmitted infections acquired in the United States in 2018; notably, HIV accounted for approximately $13.7 billion of those total lifetime medical costs.[8]
Microbiology, Pathogenesis, and Transmission
Organism and Classification
The etiologic agent in syphilis is Treponema pallidum—from the Greek terms trepo (“to turn”) and nema (“thread”) and the Latin term pallida (“pale”).[9] Treponema pallidum belongs to the spirochete class and is a corkscrew-shaped, motile microaerophilic bacterium that requires a live rabbit-model system for growth and cannot be viewed by normal light microscopy (Figure 10). This spirochete bacterium is thin (0.1 to 0.18 micrometers in diameter) and 6 to 20 micrometers in length (Figure 11).[10] Treponema pallidum has been erroneously described as gram-negative bacterium, but this organism lacks lipopolysaccharide (LPS), a hallmark of gram-negative organisms.[11]Which one of the following statements is TRUE regarding the biology of Treponema pallidum?Check
-On-
Learning
Question
Transmission
The major routes of transmission for T. pallidum are sexual (during the primary and secondary stages of syphilis) and hematogenous (in utero via transplacental spread to a fetus).[12] During sexual transmission, T. pallidum enters the body via skin and mucous membranes through macroscopic and microscopic abrasions during sexual contact.[11] Persons who acquire T. pallidum are contagious to their sex partners throughout the primary and secondary stages of infection—when lesions or rash are present.[11,13] Although sexual transmission of T. pallidum usually results from contact at genital mucous membranes, it can also occur at other body areas, including the mouth, anorectal areas, and cutaneous lesions. Maternal transmission predominantly occurs via transplacental passage of T. pallidum during maternal spirochetemia; less often, transmission can occur if the newborn has contact with maternal genital lesions at the time of delivery.[11,14] In contrast to sexual transmission of syphilis, which nearly always occurs with early stages of syphilis, vertical transmission can occur during any stage of syphilis. Other forms of hematogenous transmission of T. pallidum are rare: transfusion-associated syphilis has been virtually eliminated in the United States, and transmission through needle-sharing with injection drug use is infrequent.[12]Which one of the following statements is TRUE regarding transmission of Treponema pallidum?Check
-On-
Learning
Question
Clinical Manifestations
Syphilis has often been called “the great imitator” because so many of the signs and symptoms may be difficult to differentiate from those of other diseases.[12,15,16,17] Early after infection, before clinical signs or symptoms appear, T. pallidum can spread to the circulatory system, the lymphatic system, regional lymph nodes, and the central nervous system. Early clinical manifestations (primary and secondary stages) predominantly involve the skin and mucosal surfaces, although secondary syphilis may be accompanied by systemic manifestations.[12,18] Latent disease has no clinical signs or symptoms, but late manifestations (seen after years of infection) may affect virtually any organ system. Neurosyphilis, ocular syphilis, and otosyphilis can occur at any stage of infection. Obtaining a detailed history is critical for determining the duration of infection and assessing for the possibility of reinfection. Assessment should include the following:
- A history of syphilis (if yes, obtain results of previous serologic tests for comparison)
- Known contact with someone with primary, secondary, or early latent syphilis
- Signs or symptoms of syphilis in the past 12 months
Primary Syphilis
Following the inoculation of T. pallidum at the entry site, organisms proliferate, sensitize lymphocytes, and activate macrophages, causing the formation of a primary lesion or “chancre” at the site of inoculation.[13] If clinically evident, the chancre appears about 2 to 3 weeks (range 10 to 90 days) after the acquisition of T. pallidum.[2,12] Chancres progress from a papule to an ulcer, which is typically painless, round to oval, indurated, well-circumscribed, with a clean base and heaped up margins.[1] Less often, individuals with primary syphilis may develop multiple, painful anogenital lesions.[19] The most common sites where chancres develop include the penis (Figure 12), labia, perianal region, or mouth (Figure 13).[1,12] Regional firm lymphadenopathy often develops in proximity to primary syphilitic lesions.[20,21] Syphilitic chancres are highly infectious and heal spontaneously (without treatment) in approximately 3 to 8 weeks.[2,12] If untreated, persons with primary syphilis may subsequently develop other manifestations of syphilis. Evaluation of any sexually active persons with a genital or perianal ulcer should include testing for syphilis and genital herpes.[22]
Secondary Syphilis
Secondary lesions reflect hematogenous dissemination of T. pallidum and generally appear 4 to 10 weeks after the onset of the primary chancre.[2] In fewer than 10% of cases, primary and secondary stages may overlap.[12] Signs and symptoms of secondary syphilis are often the first observed clinical manifestation of syphilis, as primary lesions are often overlooked or not recognized.[12] Relapses of secondary symptoms occur in up to 25% of untreated persons.[2] A wide array of manifestations can occur with secondary syphilis:[1,17]
- Generalized Body Rash: A generalized body rash occurs in more than 75% of persons with secondary syphilis and is usually nonpruritic. The red or copper-colored lesions are typically 1 to 2 cm in size and can appear as any combination of macular, papular, squamous, or pustular forms. The rash characteristically involves the chest, back, palms, and soles (Figure 14).
- Lymphadenopathy: Approximately 50 to 86% of persons with secondary syphilis develop lymphadenopathy, which may be diffuse.
- Systemic Symptoms: Patients often present with malaise, fever, and other nonspecific constitutional symptoms.
- Mucous Patches: The development of mucous patches occurs in 6 to 30% of patients and manifest as flat patches located in the oral cavity (Figure 15), pharynx, larynx, or genital region.
- Condylomata Lata: Approximately 10 to 20% of persons with secondary syphilis will have condylomata lata lesions, which appear as moist, heaped-up, wart-like papules in warm intertriginous areas (most commonly gluteal folds, perineum, and perianal) (Figure 16); these lesions are highly contagious.
- Alopecia: About 5% of patients develop patchy alopecia, most often in the occipital or bitemporal scalp region, but some patients will have loss of the lateral region of the eyebrows.
- Visceral Organ Involvement: In some cases, syphilis may involve one or more visceral organs, including the liver, kidney, lungs, gastrointestinal tract, and spleen. The most common visceral organ manifestations are nephritis and hepatitis (with a high alkaline phosphatase level).What is condylomata lata?Check
-On-
Learning
Question
Latent Syphilis
Latent syphilis is a stage of syphilis characterized by the persistence of T. pallidum organisms in the body without causing signs or symptoms. Periods of clinical latency may occur between the primary and secondary stages, between secondary relapses, and after the secondary stage. The diagnosis of latent syphilis is made when an individual has (1) seroreactivity indicating infection with T. pallidum, (2) no past diagnosis of syphilis, and (3) no active manifestations of syphilis.[23] Latent syphilis is classified into early latent and late latent.[23,24] When evaluating an individual with latent syphilis, the health care provider should inquire about prior symptoms of primary or secondary syphilis, determine whether sexual contact occurred with a partner with primary or secondary syphilis within the past year, perform an examination to look for syphilis-related manifestations, and review all prior syphilis serologic test results.
- Early Latent Syphilis (Infection of Less than 1 Year in Duration): Persons with latent syphilis are classified in the subcategory of early latent syphilis if they have no clinical signs or symptoms of syphilis and ANY of the following:[23]
- A documented seroconversion or a sustained (longer than 2 weeks) fourfold or greater increase in titer of a nontreponemal test within the prior 12 months in a previously untreated person
- Unequivocal symptoms of primary or secondary syphilis within the prior 12 months
- Contact in the prior 12 months with a sex partner who had untreated primary, secondary, or early latent syphilis
- Documented reactive nontreponemal and treponemal tests, and the only possible exposure occurred during the previous 12 months
- Late Latent Syphilis (Infection Greater than 1 Year in Duration): Persons are considered to have late latent syphilis (or syphilis of unknown duration) if they meet ALL the following criteria:[23]
- A reactive nontreponemal and treponemal test and no past diagnosis of syphilis
- No clinical manifestations of syphilis
- They do not meet criteria for early latent syphilisHow?
Tertiary Syphilis
Tertiary syphilis is rare because of the widespread availability of antibiotics, enhanced screening for syphilis, and treatment for early syphilis. Without treatment, however, approximately 30% will progress to the tertiary stage at 2 to 50 years after the original infection.[1] Tertiary syphilis most often manifests as gummatous lesions and cardiovascular syphilis; late neurosyphilis, such as general paresis, tabes dorsalis, and psychiatric manifestations, are also often categorized as tertiary syphilis.[1] Otic and ocular syphilis are less common manifestations of tertiary syphilis.[1] Gummatous lesions are formed by a proliferative granulomatous process and can form in almost any tissue or organ.[1,12] The destructive lesions can clinically mimic carcinoma. Cardiovascular syphilis is indicated by pathologic lesions of the aortic vasa vasorum, can manifest as an ascending aortic aneurysm, aortic valve insufficiency, or coronary artery disease.[12]
Neurosyphilis
Neurosyphilis occurs when T. pallidum invades the central nervous system, and this may occur at any stage of syphilis; neurosyphilis is categorized as early neurosyphilis and late neurosyphilis.[2,25] Ocular and otic involvement can occur with early or late infection.[1]
Which one of the following statements is TRUE regarding neurosyphilis?Check
- Early Neurosyphilis: Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) abnormalities can occur in 50 to 60% of persons with early syphilis and are of unknown significance in the absence of neurologic signs or symptoms.[26,27] The most common manifestation of early neurosyphilis is meningeal syphilis, which usually occurs weeks to months (and almost always within a year) after initial infection.[25] Symptomatic syphilitic meningitis often resembles aseptic meningitis, and symptoms may include fever, headache, and stiff neck; with basilar involvement, cranial nerve abnormalities can develop, particularly cranial nerves II, VI, and VIII.[25] Meningovascular syphilis typically develops 5 to 12 years after initial infection, but it can occur earlier. Meningovascular syphilis, which results from T. pallidum infection and inflammation of small and medium central nervous system blood vessels, most often manifests as a stroke-like syndrome with seizures.[28]
- Late Neurosyphilis: Late forms of neurosyphilis usually occur multiple years or even decades (typically at least 15 years) after infection.[1,25] In the modern era, this type of neurosyphilis is rarely seen. Clinical manifestations include general paresis and tabes dorsalis but can present with a wide variety of neurologic symptoms, including dementia.[2,25]
-On-
Learning
Question
Ocular Syphilis
Since T. pallidum can potentially infect any part of the eye, a broad range of symptoms and manifestations associated with ocular syphilis may occur with or without neurosyphilis.[29,30,31] Ocular syphilis can develop at any stage of syphilis and can cause acute or chronic symptoms.[30] Although ocular syphilis can involve virtually any region of the eye, the most common clinical presentation is uveitis—anterior, posterior, or panuveitis (Figure 17).[30,31] Other described manifestations include lid involvement, episcleritis, vitritis, papillitis, interstitial keratitis, retinitis, and optic neuritis.[30] The clinical presentation of ocular syphilis can have significant overlap with other infectious and noninfectious eye diseases. Persons with syphilis who have ocular complaints should have a complete cranial nerve evaluation and receive a referral to an ophthalmologist for an immediate evaluation.[23] In addition, if any cranial nerve abnormalities are present, a lumbar puncture should be performed with cerebrospinal fluid analysis to determine if concomitant neurosyphilis is present.[23]
Otosyphilis
Otic involvement from T. pallidum infection can occur at any stage of syphilis, and persons with otosyphilis usually present with hearing loss, tinnitus, or vertigo, or a combination of these manifestations.[32,33] The hearing loss with otosyphilis is typically sensorineural and can involve one or both ears.[32,33] Otosyphilis can develop with other syphilis manifestations, including neurosyphilis or ocular syphilis. Thus, individuals with suspected or diagnosed otosyphilis should undergo an initial screening evaluation for neurosyphilis and ocular syphilis.[33] Persons with a suspected diagnosis of otosyphilis should receive a referral for an immediate evaluation by an otolaryngologist.[23] Individuals with a positive serologic test for syphilis who have isolated auditory symptoms and a normal neurologic examination do not require lumbar puncture with cerebrospinal fluid examination.[23]
Congenital Syphilis
Congenital syphilis occurs when T. pallidum is transmitted from a pregnant woman with syphilis to her fetus.[11,14] Less often, perinatal transmission of T. pallidum can occur at the time of the delivery if the newborn has contact with maternal genital lesions.[11,14] Untreated syphilis during pregnancy may result in a wide range of outcomes, including infant death, stillbirth, birth of infant with clinical signs or symptoms, and birth of infant with no documented signs or symptoms (Figure 18).[3,34,35] Transmission to the fetus in pregnancy can occur during any stage of syphilis, but the risk is much higher with primary or secondary syphilis, especially if the mother acquires T. pallidum in the third trimester of pregnancy.[3] Fetal infection can occur during any trimester of pregnancy. Congenital syphilis is traditionally classified as either early or late disease.[13] Early manifestations occur within the first two years of life, and late manifestations occur after two years of age. Although infants with congenital syphilis most often display some early manifestations some do not have clinical manifestations of active disease at the time of birth or early in life. Accordingly, regardless of symptoms, all neonates with a reactive serologic test for syphilis or who are at risk for congenital should undergo a thorough examination for signs or symptoms of congenital syphilis, as well as testing for HIV.[23]
- Early Congenital Syphilis: Early congenital syphilis is usually defined as manifestations of syphilis in infants and children younger than 2 years of age, with more common abnormalities that include the following:[14,36]
- Rhinitis and nasal discharge
- Hepatosplenomegaly
- Jaundice
- Bone involvement (osteochondritis, diaphyseal osteomyelitis, and periostitis)
- Skin rash (begins as a maculopapular rash and may progress to form bullous or desquamating lesions)
- Ophthalmic disorders (cataracts, glaucoma, interstitial keratitis, optic neuritis, chorioretinitis, and pigmentary chorioretinopathy)
- Generalized lymphadenopathy
- Hematologic abnormalities (anemia and thrombocytopenia)
- Neurologic (pseudoparalysis of an extremity)
- Late Congenital Syphilis: Late congenital syphilis is generally defined as manifestations of syphilis in children older than 2 years of age, which typically result from scarring and chronic inflammatory changes from persistent infection and inflammation, and may manifest with one or more of the following disorders:[14,36,37]
- Facial changes (frontal bossing due to periostitis, saddle deformity of the nose due to destruction of cartilage)
- Perforation of the hard palate (Figure 19)
- Abnormal tooth development (Hutchinson’s teeth (Figure 20) and mulberry molars)
- Bone abnormalities (shortened maxilla, tibial thickening [saber shins])
- Ophthalmic disorders (interstitial keratitis, glaucoma, optic atrophy)
- Deafness
Laboratory Diagnosis
The laboratory diagnosis of syphilis is challenging and requires using a combination of clinical and laboratory criteria to differentiate active infection, prior infection, and absence of infection.[38,39] Serologic testing remains the primary tool for diagnosis in most patients with syphilis, and these tests include nontreponemal and treponemal tests.[38,40,41] Treponema pallidum cannot be cultivated in artificial media, but the organism can be grown using special techniques that involve inoculation in rabbits. The following summarizes the different test types used for diagnosing syphilis. All persons diagnosed with syphilis should also have HIV testing.
Direct Detection of Treponema pallidum
Dark-Field Microscopy
Dark-field microscopy of lesion exudate or tissue is a definitive method for making an immediate diagnosis of primary or secondary syphilis.[23,38] Treponema pallidum cannot be viewed by normal light microscopy. Dark-field microscopy can identify T. pallidum with its spiral shape, a total length of 6 to 20 micrometers, and corkscrew motion (Figure 21).[42] Dark-field microscopy is infrequently used in clinical practice because most facilities do not have dark-field microscopy, and most clinicians do not know how to appropriately obtain specimens. The specificity of dark-field on oral specimens is extremely poor due to the abundant non-syphilitic oral Treponema species.
Polymerase Chain Reaction
Although polymerase chain reaction (PCR) testing is sometimes used for research purposes, there is no FDA-approved PCR test for syphilis at present.
Direct Fluorescent Antibody Test
The direct fluorescent antibody test can detect T. pallidum antigens in tissue samples. The test uses antibodies specific to pathogenic treponemes and can generally identify T. pallidum in samples—such as oral or rectal lesions—that may have background nonpathogenic spirochetes.[39]
Tissue Staining
Silver staining and immunohistochemical staining of tissue samples can demonstrate characteristic spirochetes on clinical biopsy specimens.[38]
Serologic Testing for Syphilis
Serologic testing for syphilis involves the use of two types of serologic tests—treponemal and nontreponemal.[40] Use of only one type of serologic test is insufficient for diagnosis since each test used alone has major limitations, including false-positive results in persons without syphilis and the inability for treponemal tests to distinguish between recent and distant infection.
Treponemal Serologic Tests
The treponemal serologic tests include various enzyme immunoassays (EIAs) and chemiluminescence immunoassays (CIAs), as well as the T. pallidum particle agglutination (TP-PA) and fluorescent treponemal antibody absorption (FTA-ABS) tests.[38] These tests measure antibodies directed against T. pallidum antigens by enzyme immunoassay immunofluorescence (Figure 22) or particle agglutination; most detect IgG only, whereas some detect both IgM and IgG. These qualitative tests most often remain reactive for life, even after adequate treatment, but 15 to 25% of persons treated during the primary stage of syphilis eventually revert to being serologically nonreactive with a treponemal serologic test.[43]
Nontreponemal Serologic Tests
The commonly used nontreponemal tests are the Venereal Disease Research Laboratory (VDRL) and the Rapid Plasma Reagin (RPR) tests.[38] The nontreponemal tests, which measure antibodies directed against lipoidal antigens, such as cardiolipin and lecithin, are not specific for T. pallidum.[44] Positive test results are then reported as a quantitative titer, which typically correlates with disease activity.[23] A fourfold change in titer, equivalent to a change of two dilutions (e.g. from 1:16 to 1:4 or from 1:8 to 1:32), is considered necessary to demonstrate a clinically significant difference.[40] The nontreponemal tests are labor-intensive to perform, and biologic false-positive tests can occur from multiple causes, including pregnancy, autoimmune diseases, HIV, hepatitis C virus, other treponemal infections, and immunizations.[44] For monitoring persons with syphilis, sequential serologic tests should use the same testing method (VDRL or RPR) and preferably in the same laboratory. Further, when evaluating congenital syphilis, the neonate and mother should have the same type of nontreponemal test used for comparison. Several years after effective syphilis treatment, the nontreponemal tests usually become nonreactive (or persist at a very low titer).[40] In addition, some individuals with syphilis will have seroreversion to a negative syphilis test even without syphilis treatment.
Performance of Serologic Tests for Syphilis
The common patterns for serologic reactivity with syphilis tests depend on the specific test used, the stage of syphilis, and whether the person has received treatment for syphilis.[40,41,45] The sensitivity of serologic testing also varies based on the test used and the stage of syphilis (Table 1).[39,41] Serologic testing for syphilis has the highest yield for secondary syphilis. Serologic tests for syphilis may be negative during very early primary syphilis, especially with nontreponemal tests.[40,45] Thus, when serologic tests do not correspond with clinical findings suggestive of primary syphilis, presumptive treatment is recommended if the person has known risk factors for syphilis; in this setting, use of other tests, such as dark-field microscopy, biopsy, or PCR, should be considered.
- False-Positive Reactions: With both nontreponemal and treponemal serologic tests for syphilis, false-positive reactions can occur.[46] The most common causes of false-positive test results include older age, autoimmune disorders, cardiovascular disease, pregnancy, malaria, leprosy, other spirochete infections, and recent immunizations.[23,47]
- False-Negative Reaction (“Prozone Effect”): False-negative reactions infrequently occur with nontreponemal testing due to the “prozone effect.”[48] The prozone effect occurs when very high serum antibodies supersaturate the antigens used in the nontreponemal assay, thereby interfering with the antigen-antibody lattice network needed to visualize a flocculation reaction.[48,49] Overall, this occurs in less than 2% of cases of syphilis.[48,50] This false-negative reaction is most likely to occur in patients with secondary syphilis and HIV infection. If clinical suspicion of secondary syphilis is high and the nontreponemal testing is negative, the clinician should alert the laboratory of a suspected prozone effect, and the laboratory should reevaluate the clinical sample after diluting the serum, typically a 1/16 dilution.What is the prozone effect?Check
-On-
Learning
Question
Prior Serologic Testing for Syphilis
The health care professional should determine the date and results of the most recent serologic test for syphilis, even if the person under evaluation reports no history of the disease. Prior results, if available, are particularly helpful when evaluating an individual who has a low titer for a nontreponemal serologic test for syphilis, no signs or symptoms that suggest a clinical diagnosis of syphilis, and no known contact with an early case of syphilis. Local health departments can usually provide information on whether the person has been reported as having had syphilis in the past, including reported serologic test results and treatment history.
Serologic Testing Algorithms
Given that treponemal and nontreponemal tests each have significant advantages and disadvantages, these lab tests are used together as part of a screening algorithm in order to maximize sensitivity and specificity for the detection of syphilis infection. Clinicians should be aware of their institution’s chosen method for syphilis serologic testing. The two main serologic testing algorithms used by laboratories are traditional sequence screening and reverse sequence screening. The major advantages of using the reverse sequence algorithm, when compared with the traditional screening method, include improved detection of early primary and treated infection, lower cost of the initial screening test, and reduced laboratory time and effort with the initial screening test. The CDC, however, does not recommend one screening method over the other.
Traditional Screening Algorithm
The traditional syphilis screening algorithm uses initial screening with a nontreponemal test (VDRL or RPR), with further testing on a positive initial test using a treponemal test (TP-PA or EIA) (Figure 23).[11,23] Persons who have an initial negative nontreponemal test are considered unlikely to have syphilis, unless they have early syphilis from a recent exposure. Persons with a positive initial nontreponemal result require a treponemal test (usually TP-PA); if this treponemal test is positive, then a diagnosis is confirmed.[23] If the treponemal test is negative, then a diagnosis of syphilis is unlikely, and the positive nontreponemal test may represent a biologic false-positive test result.
Reverse Sequence Screening Algorithm
The reverse sequence screening algorithm uses a treponemal test (EIAs or CIAs) as the initial screening test (Figure 24).[51] A negative initial treponemal result essentially rules out the diagnosis of syphilis, except for persons with a very recent exposure to T. pallidum. A positive initial EIA or CIA test requires further testing with a quantitative nontreponemal test (e.g. RPR or VDRL).[23,51] If this nontreponemal test is positive and there is no history of prior treatment for syphilis, then a diagnosis of syphilis is confirmed, and treatment is indicated. With a positive initial treponemal test (EIA or CIA) and a negative nontreponemal test (RPR or VDRL), a second different treponemal test (TP-PA) should be performed.[23,51] If this second treponemal test is negative, then syphilis is unlikely. If, however, the sequence of tests is a positive treponemal test, a negative nontreponemal test, and a positive second treponemal test, then several possible scenarios exist: prior treated syphilis, early syphilis, untreated latent syphilis, or a false-positive test. In this situation, those with a prior history of syphilis treatment do not require further management unless there has been a known reexposure to syphilis after completing prior treatment. Those without a prior history of treatment should be offered treatment, typically for late latent syphilis, unless their history or examination indicates a recent exposure or other syphilis-related complications, such as neurologic involvement.[51]
Positive Titers in Persons Previously Treated for Syphilis
Although persons with early syphilis who are treated usually have a fourfold or greater decline in nontreponemal titers within 12 months after treatment, some fail to achieve seroreversion at month 12.[52] Persons previously treated for syphilis who had a documented adequate reduction in nontreponemal titer after treatment may have a persistent low-positive nontreponemal titer that does not significantly change; this is referred to as “lack of seroreversion” or “serofast state”, and does not require additional therapy. Persons with prior treatment who have nontreponemal titers that are higher or unchanged (the titer did not decline 4-fold) from the pretreatment values are either treatment failures or have been reinfected with T. pallidum.
Laboratory Evaluation for Neurosyphilis
All persons with a positive serologic test for syphilis and any new neurologic signs or symptoms should have a lumbar puncture with cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) analysis.[23] Persons with ocular syphilis or otosyphilis do not require CSF examination, unless they have concomitant neurologic symptoms or signs.[23] In this situation, the laboratory diagnosis of neurosyphilis should take into account both the CSF white blood cell count, CSF protein, (in persons without HIV), and CSF VDRL.[23] An elevated CSF white blood cell count and elevated CSF protein can support the diagnosis of neurosyphilis, but are not diagnostic, since these findings are common in persons with untreated primary and secondary syphilis, even without any neurologic abnormalities.[53] The CSF VDRL has high specificity, but the sensitivity is low; the CSF RPR is not recommended for evaluation of neurosyphilis.[23,25,54] The diagnosis of neurosyphilis is considered highly likely if a person has the following three findigs: a positive serologic test, neurologic clinical manifestations, and a positive CSF VDRL (in the absence of blood contamination of the CSF). Because of the low sensitivity of CSF VDRL, when this test is negative and a person has suspected neurosyphilis, additional testing should occur with a CSF treponemal test (FTA-ABS).[53,55] Persons who have a negative CSF FTA-ABS (or TP-PA) are highly unlikely to have neurosyphilis.[23] In addition, CSF protein is not used for diagnosing neurosyphilis in persons with HIV.
Diagnosis of Syphilis in Persons with HIV
In general, the clinical course and diagnostic evaluation of syphilis in persons with HIV is similar to that in persons without HIV.[23] Although not common, unusual serologic responses among persons with HIV can occur. If the clinical suspicion of syphilis is high and the serologic tests for syphilis are negative, then use of other tests (e.g. biopsy of the lesion or rash) should be considered. Conventional therapy is usually effective. Several studies have shown that CSF abnormalities (mononuclear pleocytosis and elevated protein) are more common in persons with HIV who have a CD4 count of 350 cells/mm3 or less and/or a nontreponemal serologic test titer of greater than or equal to 1:32.[23] For persons with HIV, a lumbar puncture with CSF examination should be reserved for those with neurologic manifestations.[23] Since persons with HIV may have slight elevations in CSF white blood cell counts at baseline, some experts suggest using a higher cutoff (white blood cell count greater than 20 cells/mm3) to improve the specificity of this test as a component of the neurosyphilis diagnosis.[53]
Diagnosis of Syphilis in Infants and Children
The diagnosis of congenital syphilis is often difficult since maternal nontreponemal and treponemal IgG antibodies can be transferred through the placenta to the fetus; the treponemal antibodies can persist for 15 months or longer.[23] Evaluation and treatment of congenital syphilis is complex and should ideally include expert consultation. The decision to treat a neonate (aged fewer than 30 days) is based on (1) identification of syphilis in the mother; (2) adequacy of maternal treatment; (3) clinical, laboratory, and radiographic evidence of disease in the neonate; and (4) comparison of maternal and neonatal nontreponemal serologic titers.[23] Based on the evaluation and test results, neonates are classified as:[23]
- Proven or highly probable congenital syphilis, or
- Possible congenital syphilis, or
- Congenital syphilis less likely, or
- Congenital syphilis is unlikely.
Reporting Requirements
Laws and regulations in all states require clinicians, laboratories, or both to report persons diagnosed with syphilis (including congenital syphilis) to local public health authorities. Reporting can be done by medical providers, laboratories, or both.
Screening for Syphilis
In the United States, the main recommendations for syphilis screening are from the and the 2016 US Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) Recommendation Statement on Screening for Syphilis Infection in Nonpregnant Adults and Adolescents.[5,23] These recommendations both identify MSM and persons with HIV as high priority groups for routine syphilis screening.[5,56,57] The following summarizes the most recent syphilis screening recommendations in the .[23,57]
Men and Nonpregnant Women [57]
- Routine syphilis screening is not recommended for (1) men who have sex with women, (2) nonpregnant women who have sex with men, and (3) nonpregnant women who have sex with women.
- For these groups, syphilis screening may be indicated if the individual has increased risk for acquiring syphilis (e.g. history of incarceration, sex in exchange for money or drug, or other epidemiologic factors that may be associated with increased risk).
Men Who Have Sex with Men [57,58]
- For sexually active MSM, perform syphilis screening at least annually.
- More frequent screening (every 3 to 6 months) is recommended for MSM who have an ongoing increased risk for acquiring syphilis (e.g. multiple partners, anonymous partners, and concurrent partners).
Pregnant Women [57,59]
- Syphilis serologic testing should be performed for all pregnant women at their first prenatal visit.
- Syphilis retesting should occur at 28 weeks of gestation and at delivery for women who live in a community with a high syphilis rate and for women considered to have a high risk of acquiring syphilis during the pregnancy (e.g. sex with multiple partners, sex in conjunction with drug use, sex in exchange for money or drugs, late entry to prenatal care, methamphetamine or heroin use, incarceration of the woman or her partner, and unstable housing or homelessness).
- Any woman who delivers a stillborn infant after 20 weeks of gestation should have syphilis serologic testing.
- Screening for syphilis should occur during each pregnancy.
Persons with HIV [57]
- Sexually active persons with HIV should have syphilis serologic screening at their first visit for HIV care and then at least annually thereafter.
- Persons with HIV who have higher risk for acquisition of syphilis should have more frequent screening (every 3 to 6 months).
Transgender and Gender Diverse People [57,60]
- Consider screening at least once a year based on the reported sex activity and relative risk for acquiring syphilis.
Correctional Facilities [61]
Which one of the following statements most accurately reflects recommendations for syphilis screening in pregnant women?Check
- Routine opt-out screening for syphilis in correctional facilities should be performed based on the local area and institutional prevalence of early (primary, secondary, and early latent) infectious syphilis. Correctional facilities should stay apprised of syphilis prevalence as it changes over time.
-On-
Learning
Question
Treatment
General Considerations
Penicillin G, administered parenterally, is the preferred drug for treating all stages of syphilis.[23] The preparation(s) of penicillin used (e.g. benzathine, aqueous procaine, or aqueous crystalline), the dosage, and the length of treatment depend on the stage and clinical manifestations of the disease. Benzathine penicillin G is slowly released from the intramuscular site due to extremely low solubility and is also hydrolyzed to penicillin G; the combination of slow absorption and hydrolysis results in prolonged low serum levels of penicillin with this preparation. Benzathine-procaine penicillin coformulations and oral penicillin preparations are not appropriate for the treatment of syphilis.[23] Reports have identified the inappropriate use of benzathine-procaine penicillin (Bicillin C-R) instead of the standard benzathine penicillin G (Bicillin L-A) product.[62]
Treatment of Primary and Secondary Syphilis in Adults
Parenteral penicillin G is effective in resolving clinical symptoms associated with primary and secondary syphilis and prevents late sequelae in those who receive appropriate treatment. The recommended regimen for adults with primary and secondary syphilis is benzathine penicillin G given as 2.4 million units once as a single intramuscular dose (Table 2).[23]
Treatment of Primary or Secondary Syphilis with Penicillin Allergy
For persons who report a penicillin.[63] In addition, approximately 80% of persons with a true IgE-mediated allergic reaction to penicillin will lose sensitivity to penicillin after 10 years.[64] The optimal treatment of primary and secondary syphilis in persons with a true documented allergy to penicillin is unknown due to limited available data. The following summarizes alternative regimens to consider for persons allergic to penicillin; individuals receiving one of these alternative regimens should have close follow-up after treatment.[23]
- Doxycycline and Tetracycline: Small studies and clinical experience suggest that oral regimens of doxycycline (100 mg twice daily for 14 days) or tetracycline (500 mg four times daily for 14 days) can be an effective alternative for nonpregnant, penicillin-allergic persons who have primary or secondary syphilis.[65,66] Doxycycline is preferable to tetracycline because of its less frequent dosing and fewer gastrointestinal side effects.
- Ceftriaxone: Intramuscular or intravenous ceftriaxone (1 gram daily for 10 days) is considered an effective alternative for treating primary and secondary syphilis in penicillin-allergic persons, but the optimal dose and duration of ceftriaxone in this setting has not been well studied.[67] Note that among persons with a history of penicillin allergy, fewer than 1.0% will have an allergic reaction to a third-generation cephalosporin, such as ceftriaxone.[68]
- Azithromycin: Several reports have shown that a single 2-gram oral dose of azithromycin has been effective for treating primary and secondary syphilis, but due to concerns about emerging macrolide resistance and documented treatment failures, azithromycin is not recommended for the treatment of syphilis, even in persons with a penicillin allergy.[69,70]
- Penicillin Desensitization: Persons with a penicillin allergy for whom concern exists about adherence or follow-up should undergo penicillin desensitization and then receive treatment with benzathine penicillin G.What?
Treatment of Latent Syphilis in Adults
The treatment of individuals with latent syphilis requires appropriate classification into early latent syphilis (acquired less than 1 year ago as detailed above) or late latent syphilis (acquired longer than 1 year ago). The main goal of treating persons with latent syphilis is to prevent the development of late syphilis manifestations. Early latent syphilis is treated with intramuscular benzathine penicillin G 2.4 million units given as a single dose; late latent syphilis is treated with intramuscular benzathine penicillin G 7.2 million units total, which is split into three weekly doses, each with 2.4 million units (Table 3).[23] Alternative therapies for treatment of latent syphilis have not been well studied.
Treatment of Latent Syphilis in Persons Allergic to Penicillin
For penicillin-allergic, nonpregnant persons with early latent syphilis, the treatment approach should be the same as penicillin-allergic persons with primary or secondary syphilis. For penicillin-allergic individuals with late latent syphilis, the only acceptable treatment alternatives are a 28-day course of oral therapy with either doxycycline (100 mg orally twice daily) or tetracycline (500 mg orally four times daily).[23] Ceftriaxone may be a reasonable option in this setting, but the optimal number of doses or schedule has not been determined, and use of ceftriaxone to treat latent syphilis should involve consultation with a specialist.[23] All persons treated with an alternative regimen should have close serologic and clinical follow-up, especially individuals with HIV. Persons for whom adherence and follow-up are a concern should ideally undergo penicillin desensitization and receive treatment with benzathine penicillin G.[23]
Treatment of Tertiary Syphilis in Adults
The recommended regimen for tertiary syphilis (without evidence of neurosyphilis) is benzathine penicillin G 7.2 million units total divided into three weekly intramuscular injections of 2.4 million units with each dose (Table 4).[23] All persons diagnosed with tertiary syphilis should undergo a CSF examination prior to starting therapy due to the high rates of neurosyphilis that is not clinically apparent.[23] Some experts treat tertiary cardiovascular syphilis with a neurosyphilis regimen, regardless of the CSF results.[23]
Treatment of Tertiary Syphilis in Persons Allergic to Penicillin
Persons diagnosed with tertiary syphilis who have a documented penicillin allergy also should be treated in consultation with an expert; for these individuals, there is inadequate data for any alternative regimens.[23]
Treatment of Neurosyphilis, Ocular Syphilis, and Otosyphilis in adults
The recommended treatment regimen for neurosyphilis, ocular syphilis, and otosyphilis is aqueous crystalline penicillin G 18-24 million units per day, given as 3-4 million units intravenously every 4 hours (or as continuous infusion), for a total of 10 to 14 days (Table 5).[23] If adherence to therapy can be ensured, an acceptable alternative is a 10- to 14-day course of intramuscular procaine penicillin G 2.4 million units once daily plus probenecid 500 mg orally four times a day.[23] Some experts recommend giving additional therapy with intramuscular benzathine penicillin G 2.4 million units once per week for up to 3 weeks—starting after the completion of the 10- to 14-day regimen—to provide a total duration of therapy comparable to the treatment for late latent syphilis; although this approach is often used, data are lacking to support this enhanced treatment regimen.[23] In addition, there is insufficient data to support the use of systemic corticosteroids as adjunctive therapy for neurosyphilis, ocular syphilis, or otosyphilis.
Treatment of Neurosyphilis in Persons Allergic to Penicillin
Limited data suggest that intramuscular or intravenous ceftriaxone 1-2 grams daily for 10 to 14 days can be used as an alternative treatment for persons with neurosyphilis who are allergic to penicillin.[23,71] Other regimens have not been adequately studied for use in persons with neurosyphilis.Which one of the following regimens would you recommend for treatment?Check
-On-
Learning
Question
Treatment of Syphilis in Adults with HIV
The recommended treatment of all stages of syphilis (primary, secondary, latent, or tertiary) and neurosyphilis in persons with HIV is the same as for persons without HIV (Table 6).[23] Available data suggest that persons with HIV may have an increased risk of developing neurologic complications and may have higher rates of treatment failure (based on inadequate serologic response).[23,72] All persons with HIV who are diagnosed with syphilis should undergo careful neurologic, ocular, and otic examination, and those with abnormal findings should promptly undergo lumbar puncture for CSF examination.[23] Initiation of antiretroviral therapy for HIV concurrently with syphilis treatment may improve clinical response to syphilis treatment.[73]
Delays in Treatment Doses
For persons scheduled to receive a weekly 3-dose benzathine penicillin G treatment regimen, unplanned delays can occur between the scheduled weekly doses. When these delays occur, the optimal management is not clear. Although the pharmacokinetic profile of benzathine penicillin G suggests an interval of 7 to 9 days between doses is optimal and preferred, clinical experience suggests that an interval of 10 to 14 days between doses for the treatment of late latent syphilis (or latent syphilis with unknown duration) might be acceptable.[18] For nonpregnant persons, an interval greater than 10 to 14 days warrants restarting therapy. For pregnant women, if an interval between penicillin doses exceeds 9 days, the 3-dose benzathine penicillin G treatment regimen should start over.[23,74]
Treatment of Syphilis in Pregnancy
All pregnant persons diagnosed with syphilis should receive treatment according to stage of infection and whether there is any evidence of neurologic disease. Treatment of pregnant women is a very high priority to minimize the risk of maternal transplacental transmission of T. pallidum. All pregnant persons with a diagnosis of syphilis should receive treatment with penicillin, with the exact regimen based on the state of disease and whether neurologic involvement is present. There are no recommended alternative regimens for the treatment of pregnant women with syphilis.[23] Accordingly, pregnant women with syphilis who have an allergy to penicillin should undergo desensitization and receive treatment with penicillin.[23] Some experts recommend giving a second dose of intramuscular benzathine penicillin G 2.4 million units 1 week after the initial dose for pregnant women who have primary, secondary, or early latent infection. Treatment of the mother during the last month of pregnancy or with a drug other than penicillin is not considered adequate treatment for the fetus. Pregnant women should be informed that treatment for syphilis may precipitate early labor and that they should notify an obstetrician if problems develop.
Treatment of Neonates and Infants and Children with Syphilis
The approach to treating congenital syphilis depends on whether the child is younger than 1 month of age (neonate) or ≥1 month of age (infants and children).[23] The evaluation and treatment of congenital syphilis is complex and should include a syphilis expert.
- Treatment of Neonates: The treatment recommendations and options for congenital syphilis in neonates vary based on the certainty of the diagnosis: (1) confirmed or highly probable, (2) possible, (3) less likely, or (4) unlikely (Table 7).[23] The recommended regimens for confirmed or highly probable congenital syphilis are aqueous crystalline penicillin G 100,000–150,000 units/kg body weight per day, administered as 50,000 units/kg body weight per dose by IV every 12 hours during the first 7 days of life and every 8 hours thereafter for a total of 10 days; or intramuscular procaine penicillin G 50,000 units/kg body weight per dose in a single daily dose for 10 days.[23] Neonates classified as possible congenital syphilis have the additional option of receiving treatment with intramuscular benzathine penicillin G 50,000 units/kg body weight in a single dose if all laboratory studies are normal and follow-up is assured. For neonates classified as congenital syphilis less likely, intramuscular benzathine penicillin G 50,000 units/kg body weight in a single dose is the recommended treatment.
- Treatment of Infants and Children: The recommended treatment for congenital syphilis in infants or children who are at least 1 month of age is aqueous crystalline penicillin G 200,000–300,000 units/kg body weight per day, administered as 50,000 units/kg body weight by IV every 4–6 hours for 10 days (Table 8).[23]
Jarisch-Herxheimer Reaction
The Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction is a self-limited reaction associated with initiation of antitreponemal therapy. This reaction represents a systemic inflammatory response following the antimicrobial treatment of T. pallidum—it is not an allergic reaction to penicillin. The Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction most often involves persons treated for early syphilis, particularly secondary syphilis, presumably because of the higher bacterial burden during the early stages.[23] When this reaction occurs, it typically begins within several hours after initiation of antimicrobial treatment and nearly always by 24 hours. The Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction is characterized by fever, malaise, nausea, vomiting, and, less frequently, chills, hypotension, or an exacerbation of a secondary syphilis rash.[75] This reaction can be mistaken as an allergic reaction to penicillin. Accordingly, it is important to carefully evaluate any reaction that begins within 24 hours after treatment of syphilis and carefully sort out the likelihood of a Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction versus an allergic reaction to penicillin. The management of Jarisch-Herxheimer is supportive care, primarily with fluids and antipyretics; typically, the reaction resolves spontaneously within 24 hours.[12]
Post-Treatment Follow Up
Post-Treatment Follow-Up Testing
The follow-up of persons with syphilis is extremely important to document response to therapy and to reevaluate for reinfection. The following are general recommendations for follow-up after syphilis treatment.[23]
- Primary and Secondary Syphilis: Persons without HIV who are treated for primary or secondary syphilis should be reexamined clinically and serologically 6 months and 12 months following treatment. Clinicians should allow for a full 12 months of follow-up to determine if the titers have declined appropriately (at least 4-fold decrease) in persons treated for primary or secondary syphilis. Individuals with HIV should have post-treatment follow-up for primary or secondary syphilis at 3, 6, 9, 12, and 24 months; since treatment response may be delayed in persons with HIV, a full 24 months of follow-up should be allowed for the response.
- Latent Syphilis: Persons without HIV who are treated for latent syphilis should have clinical and nontreponemal serologic follow-up at 6, 12, and 24 months. For persons with HIV, this follow-up should occur at 6, 12, 18, and 24 months. Clinicians should allow for a full 24 months of follow-up to determine if the titers have declined appropriately (at least a 4-fold decrease) in persons treated for latent syphilis.
- Neurosyphilis, Ocular Syphilis, and Otosyphilis: Available data suggest that for immunocompetent persons without HIV (and persons with HIV on antiretroviral therapy), a normalization of the RPR titers following syphilis treatment correlates with normalization of abnormal CSF parameters.[76,77] Accordingly, persons treated for neurosyphilis who have good clinical and nontreponemal serologic responses do not require follow-up lumbar puncture and CSF evaluation. The serologic nontreponemal titer follow-up for persons treated for neurosyphilis, ocular syphilis, and otosyphilis should be based on their stage of syphilis and their HIV status. For example, if a person without HIV is concomitantly diagnosed with secondary syphilis and neurosyphilis, their follow-up should be the same as for persons with primary or secondary syphilis—serologic testing at 6 and 12 months following treatment, allowing for a full 12 months of follow-up to determine if the titers have declined appropriately.
Follow-Up Management
A key reason for close follow-up of persons treated for syphilis is to monitor signs, symptoms, or serologic changes in nontreponemal titers that indicate possible treatment failure or reinfection. Changes in nontreponemal titers are described as a quantitative fold increase (Figure 25) or quantitative fold decrease (Figure 26), based on the comparison of baseline and follow-up nontreponemal titers. In general, the goal is to achieve a 4-fold or greater decline in nontreponemal titer and this is often referred to as having an “adequate serologic response” or “serologic cure”. In contrast, the failure to achieve a 4-fold or greater decline in the nontreponemal titer within an appropriate timeframe after treatment is termed “inadequate serologic response” or “lack of serologic response” or “serologic nonresponse”.[23,78] Several factors have been identified with a lack of 4-fold decline in nontreponemal titers, including a lower pretreatment titer (e.g. less than 1:8), older age, and later stage of syphilis; a prior history of syphilis treatment is associated with a slower decline in titers.[78,79] The term “serofast” has also been used to describe any persistent nontreponemal titer after treatment, including inadequate serologic response and persistently positive nontreponemal titers despite an appropriate 4-fold decline in titers.[80,81] The following summarizes the recommended evaluation and management of several post-treatment scenarios.[23]
- Probable Reinfection or Treatment Failure: Reinfection or treatment failure is likely if any of the following occur: (1) an individual has signs or symptoms that persist or recur, (2) the person experiences new signs or symptoms attributable to primary or secondary syphilis, or (3) repeated serologic testing shows a sustained 4-fold (or greater) increase in nontreponemal titer that persists for longer than 2 weeks. In any of these situations, HIV testing should be performed, unless the person is known to have HIV. Evaluation for neurosyphilis with lumbar puncture and CSF evaluation is recommended if new neurologic manifestations are present or there are no recent sexual exposures (in the prior 6 months in persons treated for primary or secondary syphilis and the prior 12 months for person treated for latent and other stages of syphilis); treatment is then guided based on the CSF evaluation. In a sexually active person who does not have new neurologic manifestations, or a person in whom the CSF evaluation has ruled out neurosyphilis, retreatment is recommended and should consist of one dose of intramuscular benzathine penicillin G 2.4 million units for those previously diagnosed with primary or secondary syphilis and all others should receive retreatment with three doses of intramuscular benzathine penicillin G 2.4 million units given weekly for 3 weeks.
- Inadequate Serologic Response: For persons who fail to achieve at least a post-treatment 4-fold decline in nontreponemal titers within the recommended time frame (12 months for primary or secondary syphilis, 24 months for latent syphilis, and 24 months for any stage of syphilis in persons with HIV), the optimal management is unknown. The evaluation of persons with inadequate serologic response should include, at a minimum, HIV testing, neurologic examination, and a yearly clinical follow-up that includes repeated syphilis serologic studies. Syphilis retreatment is recommended when follow-up cannot be ensured or the person had an initial high titer (greater than 1:32) that did not decrease at least 4-fold in the expected time period; the recommended retreatment regimen is weekly intramuscular injections of benzathine penicillin G 2.4 million units for 3 weeks. In this setting, however, several observational studies did not show short-term or intermediate-term benefit when giving additional antibiotics versus continued monitoring without giving antibiotics, and syphilis nontreponemal titers often fail to decline after retreatment.[80,82] If at any point the person has neurologic signs or symptoms, then analysis of CSF should be performed with treatment guided by the CSF results; some experts would consider performing CSF analysis if a fourfold decline was not achieved in the 12-month post-treatment period, even without neurologic signs or symptoms.
- Lack of Seroreversion: Some individuals will achieve a 4-fold or greater decline in the nontreponemal titer after treatment, but have persistently reactive nontreponemal titers; this situation is usually referred to as “lack of seroreversion”.[78,83] There is increasing evidence that providing additional antibiotics in these individuals does not change outcomes.[81,82] Therefore, in the absence of clinical evidence for reinfection or new neurologic manifestations, most experts would not recommend retreatment in this setting.
Management of Sex Partners
Evaluation and Treatment of Sex Partners
In general, the transmission of T. pallidum between sex partners only occurs when the person with syphilis has mucocutaneous lesions. In general, all persons who have sexual contact with a person diagnosed with primary, secondary, or early latent syphilis infection should undergo evaluation, testing, and treatment for syphilis, as outlined below.[23]
- For persons diagnosed with primary, secondary, or early latent syphilis, all of their sex partners in the 90 days preceding the syphilis diagnosis should be notified and undergo clinical evaluation, have syphilis serologic studies obtained, and receive presumptive treatment for early syphilis, even if serologic test results are negative.
- For persons diagnosed with primary, secondary, or early latent syphilis who had their most recent sexual contact occur more than 90 days preceding the syphilis diagnosis, this most recent sex partner should be notified and undergo clinical evaluation and syphilis serologic testing. This more recent sex partner should be treated presumptively for early syphilis if serologic test results are not immediately available and follow-up is uncertain. Alternatively, if follow-up is reliable, treatment can be based on the syphilis serologic tests; for persons with negative serologic tests, no treatment is needed. If serologic tests are positive, treatment should be based on clinical and serologic evaluation and stage of syphilis.
- In some areas or populations with high rates of syphilis, health departments recommend notification and presumptive treatment of sex partners of persons with late latent syphilis who have high nontreponemal serologic test titers (i.e. greater than 1:32) because high titers might be indicative of early syphilis. These partners should be managed as if the index case had early syphilis.
- Long-term sex partners of persons who have late latent syphilis should be evaluated clinically and serologically for syphilis and treated based on these findings.
- Certain sex partners of persons with syphilis are considered at risk for infection and should be confidentially notified of the exposure and the need for evaluation. These include partners who have had sexual contact within 3 months plus the duration of symptoms for persons who receive a diagnosis of primary syphilis, 6 months plus duration of symptoms for those with secondary syphilis, and 1 year for persons with early latent syphilis.
Expedited Partner Therapy
Expedited partner therapy is not recommended for sexual contacts of persons diagnosed with syphilis.
Counseling and Education
The following summarizes key counseling messages for persons diagnosed with syphilis.
- Resuming Sexual Activity: Persons treated for syphilis infection should be informed they can transmit syphilis to others during the primary and secondary stages of syphilis (when mucosal lesions or rashes are present). They should abstain from sexual activity until the following criteria are met: (1) at least 7 days have elapsed since completing syphilis treatment, (2) all mucosal and skin lesions have resolved, and (3) sex partners have been treated for syphilis.
- Partner Notification: It is extremely important that persons treated for syphilis understand the importance of partner notification (for all sex partners in the prior 90 days). Partner notification with evaluation and treatment can markedly reduce the spread of STIs in the community, and it also reduces the likelihood of reinfection for the person diagnosed with syphilis.
- Follow-Up Testing: It is important that all persons treated for syphilis have follow-up visits for clinical evaluation and serial nontreponemal serologic testing to evaluate response to syphilis treatment.
- STI Prevention: At the time a person is receiving treatment for an STI, it is appropriate to provide counseling messages on how to prevent STIs in the future (e.g. limiting the number of sex partners and consistently using condoms).
- HIV Preexposure Prophylaxis: Men who have sex with men who are diagnosed with syphilis have a substantial risk for acquiring HIV and therefore should be offered HIV preexposure prophylaxis (PrEP). All other persons diagnosed with syphilis should be evaluated for potential HIV preexposure prophylaxis on a case-by-case basis.
Summary Points
- In the United States, reported cases of syphilis, including congenital syphilis, have steadily increased in recent years. Epidemiologic features associated with increased reported rates of syphilis include male sex, age 25-34 years, MSM, persons with HIV, and persons who are Black.
- Syphilis is a systemic infection caused by Treponema pallidum, and in the absence of treatment, this disease can progress in stages. Untreated syphilis is characterized by episodes of active clinical manifestations interrupted by periods of asymptomatic latent infection. Neurosyphilis, ocular syphilis, and otosyphilis can occur during any stage of infection.
- Untreated syphilis in pregnancy can lead to devastating consequences, including stillbirth, neonatal death, and congenital syphilis.
- The laboratory diagnosis of syphilis is challenging and requires using a combination of clinical criteria and laboratory tests (both treponemal and nontreponemal tests) to differentiate active infection, prior infection, and absence of infection.
- The serologic diagnosis of syphilis employs two major algorithms: (1) the traditional screening method that uses a nontreponemal assay as the initial test, or (2) a reverse sequence screening method that uses a treponemal antibody test as the initial test.
- Screening for syphilis is recommended in all pregnant women, men who have sex with men, persons with HIV, and other groups at increased risk for acquisition of syphilis.
- Penicillin G, administered parenterally, is the preferred drug for treating all stages of syphilis and is effective in resolving clinical symptoms associated with primary and secondary syphilis, as well as preventing late sequelae. The dosing of penicillin depends on the stage of disease; neurologic, ocular, and otosyphilis require more intensive therapy.
- The Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction is a self-limited reaction that can occur after initiation of anti-treponemal therapy; it is characterized by fever, malaise, nausea, vomiting, chills, and exacerbation of a secondary syphilis rash.
- For a person diagnosed with primary, secondary, or early latent syphilis, all of their sex partners within the prior 90 days should undergo evaluation and treatment of syphilis; if no sexual contacts occurred in the 90 days prior to the diagnosis, then the most recent sex partner should have evaluation and presumptive treatment.
- All persons treated for syphilis should have follow-up monitoring with nontreponemal testing to evaluate response to treatment. statements is TRUE regarding reported rates of primary and secondary syphilis in the United States?Check
-On-
Learning
QuestionWhich one of the following statements is TRUE regarding the biology of Treponema pallidum?Check
-On-
Learning
QuestionWhich one of the following statements is TRUE regarding transmission of Treponema pallidum?Check
-On-
Learning
QuestionWhat is condylomata lata?Check
-On-
Learning
QuestionHow?Which one of the following statements is TRUE regarding neurosyphilis?Check
-On-
Learning
QuestionWhat is the prozone effect?Check
-On-
Learning
QuestionWhich one of the following statements most accurately reflects recommendations for syphilis screening in pregnant women?Check
-On-
Learning
QuestionWhat?Which one of the following regimens would you recommend for treatment?Check
-On-
Learning
Question
Citations
- 1.Ghanem KG, Ram S, Rice PA. The Modern Epidemic of Syphilis. N Engl J Med. 2020;382:845-54.
- 2.Ho EL, Lukehart SA. Syphilis: using modern approaches to understand an old disease. J Clin Invest. 2011;121:4584-92.
- 3.Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Sexually Transmitted Disease Surveillance 2019. Syphilis. Atlanta: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; April 2021.
- 4.Katz DA, Dombrowski JC, Bell TR, Kerani RP, Golden MR. HIV incidence among men who have sex with men After diagnosis with sexually transmitted infections. Sex Transm Dis. 2016;43:249-54.
- 5.US Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF), Bibbins-Domingo K, Grossman DC, et al. Screening for Syphilis Infection in Nonpregnant Adults and Adolescents: US Preventive Services Task Force Recommendation Statement. JAMA. 2016;315:2321-7.
- 6.Kidd SE, Grey JA, Torrone EA, Weinstock HS. Increased Methamphetamine, Injection Drug, and Heroin Use Among Women and Heterosexual Men with Primary and Secondary Syphilis - United States, 2013-2017. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2019;68:144-8.
- 7.Taylor MM, Aynalem G, Smith LV, Montoya J, Kerndt P. Methamphetamine use and sexual risk behaviours among men who have sex with men diagnosed with early syphilis in Los Angeles County. Int J STD AIDS. 2007;18:93-7.
- 8.Chesson HW, Spicknall IH, Bingham A, et al. The Estimated Direct Lifetime Medical Costs of Sexually Transmitted Infections Acquired in the United States in 2018. Sex Transm Dis. 2021;48:215-21.
- 9.Fraser CM, Norris SJ, Weinstock GM, et al. Complete genome sequence of Treponema pallidum, the syphilis spirochete. Science. 1998;281:375-88.
- 10.Izard J, Renken C, Hsieh CE, et al. Cryo-electron tomography elucidates the molecular architecture of Treponema pallidum, the syphilis spirochete. J Bacteriol. 2009;191:7566-80.
- 11.Peeling RW, Mabey D, Kamb ML, Chen XS, Radolf JD, Benzaken AS. Syphilis. Nat Rev Dis Primers. 2017;3:17073.
- 12.Hook EW Rd. Syphilis. Lancet. 2017;389:1550-7.
- 13.Lafond RE, Lukehart SA. Biological basis for syphilis. Clin Microbiol Rev. 2006;19:29-49.
- 14.Medoro AK, Sánchez PJ. Syphilis in Neonates and Infants. Clin Perinatol. 2021;48:293-309.
- 15.Singh AE, Romanowski B. Syphilis: review with emphasis on clinical, epidemiologic, and some biologic features. Clin Microbiol Rev. 1999;12:187-209.
- 16.Lautenschlager S. Cutaneous manifestations of syphilis: recognition and management. Am J Clin Dermatol. 2006;7:291-304.
- 17.Baughn RE, Musher DM. Secondary syphilitic lesions. Clin Microbiol Rev. 2005;18:205-16.
- 18.Ghanem KG. Management of Adult Syphilis: Key Questions to Inform the 2015 Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Sexually Transmitted Diseases Treatment Guidelines. Clin Infect Dis. 2015;61 Suppl 8:S818-36.
- 19.Towns JM, Leslie DE, Denham I, Azzato F, Fairley CK, Chen M. Painful and multiple anogenital lesions are common in men with Treponema pallidum PCR-positive primary syphilis without herpes simplex virus coinfection: a cross-sectional clinic-based study. Sex Transm Infect. 2016;92:110-5.
- 20.French P. Syphilis. BMJ. 2007;334:143-7.
- 21.Watts PJ, Greenberg HL, Khachemoune A. Unusual primary syphilis: Presentation of a likely case with a review of the stages of acquired syphilis, its differential diagnoses, management, and current recommendations. Int J Dermatol. 2016;55:714-28.
- 22.Workowski KA, Bachmann LH, Chan PA, et al. Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021. Diseases characterized by genital, anal, or perianal ulcers. MMWR Recomm Rep. 2021;70(No. RR-4):1-187.
- 23.Workowski KA, Bachmann LH, Chan PA, et al. Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021. Syphilis. MMWR Recomm Rep. 2021;70(No. RR-4):1-187.
- 24.Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Sexually Transmitted Disease Surveillance 2018. Syphilis. Atlanta: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; October 2019.
- 25.Marra CM. Neurosyphilis. Continuum (Minneap Minn). 2015;21:1714-28.
- 26-14.
- 27.Lukehart SA, Hook EW 3rd, Baker-Zander SA, Collier AC, Critchlow CW, Handsfield HH. Invasion of the central nervous system by Treponema pallidum: implications for diagnosis and treatment. Ann Intern Med. 1988;109:855-62.
- 28.Hook EW 3rd, Marra CM. Acquired syphilis in adults. N Engl J Med. 1992;326:1060-9.
- 29.Moradi A, Salek S, Daniel E, et al. Clinical features and incidence rates of ocular complications in patients with ocular syphilis. Am J Ophthalmol. 2015;159:334-43.e1.
- 30.Spoor TC, Wynn P, Hartel WC, Bryan CS. Ocular syphilis. Acute and chronic. J Clin Neuroophthalmol. 1983;3:197-203.
- 31.Woolston SL, Dhanireddy S, Marrazzo J. Ocular syphilis: a clinical review. Curr Infect Dis Rep. 2016;18:36.
- 32.Ramchandani MS, Litvack JR, Marra CM. Otosyphilis: A Review of the Literature. Sex Transm Dis. 2020;47:296-300.
- 33.Theeuwen H, Whipple M, Litvack JR. Otosyphilis: Resurgence of an Old Disease. Laryngoscope. 2019;129:1680-4.
- 34.Rathbun KC. Congenital syphilis. Sex Transm Dis. 1983;10:93-9.
- 35.Rac MW, Revell PA, Eppes CS. Syphilis during pregnancy: a preventable threat to maternal-fetal health. Am J Obstet Gynecol. 2017;216:352-63.
- 36.Cremin BJ, Fisher RM. The lesions of congenital syphilis. Br J Radiol. 1970;43:333-41.
- 37.Fiumara NJ, Lessell S. Manifestations of late congenital syphilis. An analysis of 271 patients. Arch Dermatol. 1970;102:78-83.
- 38.Association of Public Health Laboratories (APHL) and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Laboratory diagnostic testing for Treponema pallidum, Expert Consultation Meeting Summary Report, January 13-15, 2009, Atlanta, GA.[CDC and APHL] -
- 39.Ratnam S. The laboratory diagnosis of syphilis. Can J Infect Dis Med Microbiol. 2005;16:45-51.
- 40.Satyaputra F, Hendry S, Braddick M, Sivabalan P, Norton R. The laboratory diagnosis of Syphilis. J Clin Microbiol. 2021 May 12. Online ahead of print.
- 41.Seña AC, White BL, Sparling PF. Novel Treponema pallidum serologic tests: a paradigm shift in syphilis screening for the 21st century. Clin Infect Dis. 2010;51:700-8.
- 42.Larsen SA, Steiner BM, Rudolph AH. Laboratory diagnosis and interpretation of tests for syphilis. Clin Microbiol Rev. 1995;8:1-21.
- 43.Romanowski B, Sutherland R, Fick GH, Mooney D, Love EJ. Serologic response to treatment of infectious syphilis. Ann Intern Med. 1991;114:1005-9.
- 44.Tuddenham S, Katz SS, Ghanem KG. Syphilis Laboratory Guidelines: Performance Characteristics of Nontreponemal Antibody Tests. Clin Infect Dis. 2020;71:S21-S42.
- 45.Peeling RW, Ye H. Diagnostic tools for preventing and managing maternal and congenital syphilis: an overview. Bull World Health Organ. 2004;82:439-46.
- 46.Nandwani R, Evans DT. Are you sure it's syphilis? A review of false positive serology. Int J STD AIDS. 1995;6:241-8.
- 47.Golden MR, Marra CM, Holmes KK. Update on syphilis: resurgence of an old problem. JAMA. 2003;290:1510-4.
- 48.Geisler WM. The prozone phenomenon in syphilis testing. South Med J. 2004;97:327-8.
- 49.Jurado RL, Campbell J, Martin PD. Prozone phenomenon in secondary syphilis. Has its time arrived? Arch Intern Med. 1993;153:2496-8.
- 50.el-Zaatari MM, Martens MG, Anderson GD. Incidence of the prozone phenomenon in syphilis serology. Obstet Gynecol. 1994;84:609-12.
- 51.Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Discordant results from reverse sequence syphilis screening--five laboratories, United States, 2006-2010. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2011;60:133-7.
- 52.Seña AC, Wolff M, Behets F, et al. Rate of Decline in Nontreponemal Antibody Titers and Seroreversion After Treatment of Early Syphilis. Sex Transm Dis. 2017;44:6-10.
- 53.Marra CM, Maxwell CL, Smith SL, et al. Cerebrospinal fluid abnormalities in patients with syphilis: association with clinical and laboratory features. J Infect Dis. 2004;189:369-76.
- 54.Marra CM, Tantalo LC, Maxwell CL, Ho EL, Sahi SK, Jones T. The rapid plasma reagin test cannot replace the venereal disease research laboratory test for neurosyphilis diagnosis. Sex Transm Dis. 2012;39:453-7.
- 55.Marra CM. Update on neurosyphilis. Curr Infect Dis Rep. 2009;11:127-34.
- 56.Cantor AG, Pappas M, Daeges M, Nelson HD. Screening for Syphilis: Updated Evidence Report and Systematic Review for the US Preventive Services Task Force. JAMA. 2016;315:2328-37.
- 57.Workowski KA, Bachmann LH, Chan PA, et al. Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021. Screening recommendations and considerations referenced in treatment guidelines and original sources. MMWR Recomm Rep. 2021;70(No. RR-4):1-187.
- 58.Workowski KA, Bachmann LH, Chan PA, et al. Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021. Detection of STIs in special populations: men who have sex with men (MSM). MMWR Recomm Rep. 2021;70(No. RR-4):1-187.
- 59.Workowski KA, Bachmann LH, Chan PA, et al. Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021. Detection of STIs in special populations: pregnant women. MMWR Recomm Rep. 2021;70(No. RR-4):1-187.
- 60.Workowski KA, Bachmann LH, Chan PA, et al. Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021. Detection of STIs in special populations: transgender and gender diverse persons. MMWR Recomm Rep. 2021;70(No. RR-4):1-187.
- 61.Workowski KA, Bachmann LH, Chan PA, et al. Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021. Detection of STIs in special populations: persons in correctional facilities. MMWR Recomm Rep. 2021;70(No. RR-4):1-187.
- 62.Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Inadvertent use of Bicillin C-R to treat syphilis infection--Los Angeles, California, 1999-2004. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2005;54:217-9.
- 63.Gadde J, Spence M, Wheeler B, Adkinson NF Jr. Clinical experience with penicillin skin testing in a large inner-city STD clinic. JAMA. 1993;270:2456-63.
- 64.Shenoy ES, Macy E, Rowe T, Blumenthal KG. Evaluation and Management of Penicillin Allergy: A Review. JAMA. 2019;321:188-99.
- 65.Ghanem KG, Erbelding EJ, Cheng WW, Rompalo AM. Doxycycline compared with benzathine penicillin for the treatment of early syphilis. Clin Infect Dis. 2006;42:e45-9.
- 66.Wong T, Singh AE, De P. Primary syphilis: serological treatment response to doxycycline/tetracycline versus benzathine penicillin. Am J Med. 2008;121:903-8.
- 67.Hook EW 3rd, Roddy RE, Handsfield HH. Ceftriaxone therapy for incubating and early syphilis. J Infect Dis. 1988;158:881-4.
- 68.Novalbos A, Sastre J, Cuesta J, et al. Lack of allergic cross-reactivity to cephalosporins among patients allergic to penicillins. Clin Exp Allergy. 2001;31:438-43.
- 69.Mitchell SJ, Engelman J, Kent CK, Lukehart SA, Godornes C, Klausner JD. Azithromycin-resistant syphilis infection: San Francisco, California, 2000-2004. Clin Infect Dis. 2006;42:337-45.
- 70.Lukehart SA, Godornes C, Molini BJ, et al. Macrolide resistance in Treponema pallidum in the United States and Ireland. N Engl J Med. 2004;351:154-8.
- 71.Shann S, Wilson J. Treatment of neurosyphilis with ceftriaxone. Sex Transm Infect. 2003;79:415-6.
- 72.Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Symptomatic early neurosyphilis among HIV-positive men who have sex with men--four cities, United States, January 2002-June 2004. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2007;56:625-8.
- 73.Ghanem KG, Moore RD, Rompalo AM, Erbelding EJ, Zenilman JM, Gebo KA. Neurosyphilis in a clinical cohort of HIV-1-infected patients. AIDS. 2008;22:1145-51.
- 74.Nathan L, Bawdon RE, Sidawi JE, Stettler RW, McIntire DM, Wendel GD Jr. Penicillin levels following the administration of benzathine penicillin G in pregnancy. Obstet Gynecol. 1993;82:338-42.
- 75.Brown ST. Adverse reactions in syphilis therapy. J Am Vener Dis Assoc. 1976;3:172-6.
- 76.Marra CM, Maxwell CL, Tantalo LC, Sahi SK, Lukehart SA. Normalization of serum rapid plasma reagin titer predicts normalization of cerebrospinal fluid and clinical abnormalities after treatment of neurosyphilis. Clin Infect Dis. 2008;47:893-9.
- 77.Xiao Y, Tong ML, Lin LR, et al. Serological response predicts normalization of cerebrospinal fluid abnormalities at six months after treatment in HIV-negative neurosyphilis patients. Sci Rep. 2017;7:9911.
- 78.
- 79.Seña AC, Wolff M, Martin DH, et al. Predictors of serological cure and Serofast State after treatment in HIV-negative persons with early syphilis. Clin Infect Dis. 2011;53:1092-9.
- 80.Seña AC, Wolff M, Behets F, et al. Response to therapy following retreatment of serofast early syphilis patients with benzathine penicillin. Clin Infect Dis. 2013;56:420-2.
- 81.Ghanem KG, Hook EW 3rd. The terms "serofast" and "serological nonresponse" in the modern syphilis era. Sex Transm Dis. 2021;48:451-2.
- 82.Zhang X, Shahum A, Yang LG, et al. Outcomes From Re-Treatment and Cerebrospinal Fluid Analyses in Patients With Syphilis Who Had Serological Nonresponse or Lack of Seroreversion After Initial Therapy. Sex Transm Dis. 2021;48:443-50.
- 83.Clement ME, Okeke NL, Hicks CB. Treatment of syphilis: a systematic review. JAMA. 2014;312:1905-17.
Additional References
- A2058G Prevalence Workgroup. Prevalence of the 23S rRNA A2058G point mutation and molecular subtypes in Treponema pallidum in the United States, 2007 to 2009. Sex Transm Dis. 2012;39:794-8.
- Adegoke AO, Akanni O, Dirisu J. Risk of transfusion-transmitted syphilis in a tertiary hospital in Nigeria. N Am J Med Sci. 2011;3:78-81.
- Ahmed KA, Fox SJ, Frigas E, Park MA. Clinical outcome in the use of cephalosporins in pediatric patients with a history of penicillin allergy. Int Arch Allergy Immunol. 2012;158:405-10.
- Albin S, Agarwal S. Prevalence and characteristics of reported penicillin allergy in an urban outpatient adult population. Allergy Asthma Proc. 2014;35:489-94.
- Alexander JM, Sheffield JS, Sanchez PJ, Mayfield J, Wendel GD Jr. Efficacy of treatment for syphilis in pregnancy. Obstet Gynecol. 1999;93:5-8.
--74.
- Bai ZG, Wang B, Yang K, et al. Azithromycin versus penicillin G benzathine for early syphilis. Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2012;:CD007270.
--389.
- Belum GR, Belum VR, Chaitanya Arudra SK, Reddy BS. The Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction: revisited. Travel Med Infect Dis. 2013;11:231-7.
- Berkowitz K, Baxi L, Fox HE. False-negative syphilis screening: the prozone phenomenon, nonimmune hydrops, and diagnosis of syphilis during pregnancy. Am J Obstet Gynecol. 1990;163:975-7.
- Berry GJ, Loeffelholz MJ. Use of Treponemal Screening Assay Strength of Signal to Avoid Unnecessary Confirmatory Testing. Sex Transm Dis. 2016;43:737-740.
- Binnicker MJ. Which algorithm should be used to screen for syphilis? Curr Opin Infect Dis. 2012;25:79-85.
- Blanca M, Perez E, Garcia J, et al. Anaphylaxis to amoxycillin but good tolerance for benzyl penicillin. In vivo and in vitro studies of specific IgE antibodies. Allergy. 1988;43:508-10.
- Borish L, Tamir R, Rosenwasser LJ. Intravenous desensitization to beta-lactam antibiotics. J Allergy Clin Immunol. 1987;80:314-9.
- Brown ST, Zaidi A, Larsen SA, Reynolds GH. Serological response to syphilis treatment. A new analysis of old data. JAMA. 1985;253:1296-9.
- Butler T. The Jarisch-Herxheimer Reaction After Antibiotic Treatment of Spirochetal Infections: A Review of Recent Cases and Our Understanding of Pathogenesis. Am J Trop Med Hyg. 2017;96:46-52.
- CDC, National Center for HIV, STD and TB Prevention, Division of STD Prevention. The national plan to eliminate syphilis from the United States. Atlanta (GA): CDC, 1999.
- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Primary and secondary syphilis--United States, 2003-2004. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2006;55:269-73.
- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Syphilis testing algorithms using treponemal tests for initial screening--four laboratories, New York City, 2005-2006. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2008;57:872-5.
- Centers for Disease Control and Prevention: US Public Health Service. Preexposure Prophylaxis for the Prevention of HIV Infection in the United States - 2017 Update – A Clinical Practice Guideline. Published March 2018.
- Chahine LM, Khoriaty RN, Tomford WJ, Hussain MS. The changing face of neurosyphilis. Int J Stroke. 2011;6:136-43.
- Chapel TA. The variability of syphilitic chancres. Sex Transm Dis. 1978;5:68-70.
- Collart P, Poitevin M, Milovanovic A, Herlin A, Durel J. Kinetic study of serum penicillin concentrations after single doses of benzathine and benethamine penicillins in young and old people. Br J Vener Dis. 1980;56:355-62.
- Cousins DE, Taylor M, Lee V. The outcome of treatment of early syphilis with different benzathine penicillin regimens in HIV-infected and -uninfected patients. Int J STD AIDS. 2012;23:632-4.
- Crissey JT, Denenholz DA. Syphilis. Clin Dermatol. 1984;2:1-166.
- del Real GA, Rose ME, Ramirez-Atamoros MT, et al. Penicillin skin testing in patients with a history of beta-lactam allergy. Ann Allergy Asthma Immunol. 2007;98:355-9.
-.
- Forrest DM, Schellenberg RR, Thien VV, King S, Anis AH, Dodek PM. Introduction of a practice guideline for penicillin skin testing improves the appropriateness of antibiotic therapy. Clin Infect Dis. 2001;32:1685-90.
- Frentz G, Nielsen PB, Espersen F, Czartoryski A, Aastrup H. Penicillin concentrations in blood and spinal fluid after a single intramuscular injection of penicillin G benzathine. Eur J Clin Microbiol. 1984;3:147-9.
- Ghanem KG, Erbelding EJ, Wiener ZS, Rompalo AM. Serological response to syphilis treatment in HIV-positive and HIV-negative patients attending sexually transmitted diseases clinics. Sex Transm Infect. 2007;83:97-101.
-:816-21.
- Ghanem KG, Workowski KA. Management of adult syphilis. Clin Infect Dis. 2011;53 Suppl 3:S110-28.
- Grimes M, Sahi SK, Godornes BC, et al. Two mutations associated with macrolide resistance in Treponema pallidum: increasing prevalence and correlation with molecular strain type in Seattle, Washington. Sex Transm Dis. 2012;39:954-8.
- Guarner J, Jost H, Pillay A, et al. Evaluation of treponemal serum tests performed on cerebrospinal fluid for diagnosis of neurosyphilis. Am J Clin Pathol. 2015;143:479-84.
- Hagdrup HK, Lange Wantzin G, Secher L, Rosdahl VT. Penicillin concentrations in serum following weekly injections of benzathine penicillin G. Chemotherapy. 1986;32:99-101.
- Harding AS, Ghanem KG. The performance of cerebrospinal fluid treponemal-specific antibody tests in neurosyphilis: a systematic review. Sex Transm Dis. 2012;39:291-7.
- Hart G. Syphilis tests in diagnostic and therapeutic decision making. Ann Intern Med. 1986;104:368-76.
- Hawkes S, Matin N, Broutet N, Low N. Effectiveness of interventions to improve screening for syphilis in pregnancy: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Lancet Infect Dis. 2011;11:684-91.
- Hogben M, Leichliter JS. Social determinants and sexually transmitted disease disparities. Sex Transm Dis. 2008;35:S13-8.
- Hogben M. Partner notification for sexually transmitted diseases. Clin Infect Dis. 2007;44 Suppl 3:S160-74.
- Hollier LM, Harstad TW, Sanchez PJ, Twickler DM, Wendel GD Jr. Fetal syphilis: clinical and laboratory characteristics. Obstet Gynecol. 2001;97:947-53.
- Hollier LM, Hill J, Sheffield JS, Wendel GD Jr. State laws regarding prenatal syphilis screening in the United States. Am J Obstet Gynecol. 2003;189:1178-83.
- Hook EW 3rd,.
- Hook EW 3rd, Behets F, Van Damme K, et al. A phase III equivalence trial of azithromycin versus benzathine penicillin for treatment of early syphilis. J Infect Dis. 2010;201:1729-35.
- Hook EW 3rd, Martin DH, Stephens J, Smith BS, Smith K. A randomized, comparative pilot study of azithromycin versus benzathine penicillin G for treatment of early syphilis. Sex Transm Dis. 2002;29:486-90.
- Hsu MH, Yen JC, Chiu WT, Tsai SL, Liu CT, Li YC. Using health smart cards to check drug allergy history: the perspective from Taiwan's experiences. J Med Syst. 2011;35:555-8.
- Jaffe HW, Larsen SA, Peters M, Jove DF, Lopez B, Schroeter AL. Tests for treponemal antibody in CSF. Arch Intern Med. 1978;138:252-5.
- Jares EJ, Sánchez-Borges M, Cardona-Villa R, et al. Multinational experience with hypersensitivity drug reactions in Latin America. Ann Allergy Asthma Immunol. 2014;113:282-9.
- Johns DR, Tierney M, Felsenstein D. Alteration in the natural history of neurosyphilis by concurrent infection with the human immunodeficiency virus. N Engl J Med. 1987;316:1569-72.
- Katz KA, Klausner JD. Azithromycin resistance in Treponema pallidum. Curr Opin Infect Dis. 2008;21:83-91.
- Kidd S, Bowen VB, Torrone EA, Bolan G. Use of National Syphilis Surveillance Data to Develop a Congenital Syphilis Prevention Cascade and Estimate the Number of Potential Congenital Syphilis Cases Averted. Sex Transm Dis. 2018;45:S23-S28.
- Kilmarx PH, Zaidi AA, Thomas JC, et al. Sociodemographic factors and the variation in syphilis rates among US counties, 1984 through 1993: an ecological analysis. Am J Public Health. 1997;87:1937-43.
- Kingston AA, Vujevich J, Shapiro M, et al. Seronegative secondary syphilis in 2 patients coinfected with human immunodeficiency virus. Arch Dermatol. 2005;141:431-3.
- Klein VR, Cox SM, Mitchell MD, Wendel GD Jr. The Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction complicating syphilotherapy in pregnancy. Obstet Gynecol. 1990;75:375-80.
- Krüger C, Malleyeck I. Congenital syphilis: still a serious, under-diagnosed threat for children in resource-poor countries. World J Pediatr. 2010;6:125-31.
- Lee CE, Zembower TR, Fotis MA, et al. The incidence of antimicrobial allergies in hospitalized patients: implications regarding prescribing patterns and emerging bacterial resistance. Arch Intern Med. 2000;160:2819-22.
- Legere HJ 3rd, Palis RI, Rodriguez Bouza T, Uluer AZ, Castells MC. A safe protocol for rapid desensitization in patients with cystic fibrosis and antibiotic hypersensitivity. J Cyst Fibros. 2009;8:418-24.
- Libois A, De Wit S, Poll B, et al. HIV and syphilis: when to perform a lumbar puncture. Sex Transm Dis. 2007;34:141-4.
- Llata E, Braxton J, Asbel L, et al. New Human Immunodeficiency Virus Diagnoses Among Men Who Have Sex With Men Attending Sexually Transmitted Disease Clinics, STD Surveillance Network, January 2010 to June 2013. Sex Transm Dis. 2018;45:577-82.
- Macy E, Ngor EW. Safely diagnosing clinically significant penicillin allergy using only penicilloyl-poly-lysine, penicillin, and oral amoxicillin. J Allergy Clin Immunol Pract. 2013;1:258-63.
- Macy E, Poon K-Y T. Self-reported antibiotic allergy incidence and prevalence: age and sex effects. Am J Med. 2009;122:778.e1x GE, Dhanireddy S, Marrazzo JM, et al. Variations in clinical presentation of ocular syphilis: case series reported from a growing epidemic in the United States. Sex Transm Dis. 2016;43:519-23.
- Matthias J, Dwiggins P, Totten Y, Blackmore C, Wilson C, Peterman TA. Notes from the Field: Evaluation of the Sensitivity and Specificity of a Commercially Available Rapid Syphilis Test - Escambia County, Florida, 2016. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2016;65:1174-1175.
- Moorthy TT, Lee CT, Lim KB, Tan T. Ceftriaxone for treatment of primary syphilis in men: a preliminary study. Sex Transm Dis. 1987;14:116-8.
- Newman L, Kamb M, Hawkes S, et al. Global estimates of syphilis in pregnancy and associated adverse outcomes: analysis of multinational antenatal surveillance data. PLoS Med. 2013;10:e1001396.
- Oliver S, Sahi SK, Tantalo LC, et al. Molecular typing of Treponema pallidum in ocular syphilis. Sex Transm Dis. 2016;43:524-7.
- Oliver SE, Aubin M, Atwell L, et al. Ocular syphilis - eight jurisdictions, United States, 2014-2015. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2016;65:1185-1188.
- Owusu-Edusei K Jr, Chesson HW, Gift TL, et al. The estimated direct medical cost of selected sexually transmitted infections in the United States, 2008. Sex Transm Dis. 2013;40:197-201.
-. 2011;204:1297-304.
- Park M, Markus P, Matesic D, Li JT. Safety and effectiveness of a preoperative allergy clinic in decreasing vancomycin use in patients with a history of penicillin allergy. Ann Allergy Asthma Immunol. 2006;97:681.
- Pathela P, Braunstein SL, Blank S, Schillinger JA. HIV incidence among men with and those without sexually transmitted rectal infections: estimates from matching against an HIV case registry. Clin Infect Dis. 2013;57:1203-9.
- Pathela P, Braunstein SL, Blank S, Shepard C, Schillinger JA. The high risk of an HIV diagnosis following a diagnosis of syphilis: a population-level analysis of New York City men. Clin Infect Dis. 2015;61:281-7.
-.
- Peterman TA, Heffelfinger JD, Swint EB, Groseclose SL. The changing epidemiology of syphilis. Sex Transm Dis. 2005;32:S4-10.
- Peterman TA, Su J, Bernstein KT, Weinstock H. Syphilis in the United States: on the rise? Expert Rev Anti Infect Ther. 2015;13:161-8.
- Pichichero ME, Casey JR. Safe use of selected cephalosporins in penicillin-allergic patients: a meta-analysis. Otolaryngol Head Neck Surg. 2007;136:340-7.
- Post JJ, Khor C, Furner V, Smith DE, Whybin LR, Robertson PW. Case report and evaluation of the frequency of the prozone phenomenon in syphilis serology - an infrequent but important laboratory phenomenon. Sex Health. 2012;9:488-90.
- Psomas KC, Brun M, Causse A, Atoui N, Reynes J, Le Moing V. Efficacy of ceftriaxone and doxycycline in the treatment of early syphilis. Med Mal Infect. 2012;42:15:72-7.
- Rescigno RJ, Glatman M, Patel SN. A complicated case of sarcoidosis. Neurosyphilis. JAMA Ophthalmol. 2014;132:649-50.
- Riedner G, Rusizoka M, Todd J, et al. Single-dose azithromycin versus penicillin G benzathine for the treatment of early syphilis. N Engl J Med. 2005;353:1236-44.
--9.
- Rompalo AM, Joesoef MR, O'Donnell JA, et al. Clinical manifestations of early syphilis by HIV status and gender: results of the syphilis and HIV study. Sex Transm Dis. 2001;28:158-65.
- Slutsker JS, Hennessy RR, Schillinger JA. Factors Contributing to Congenital Syphilis Cases - New York City, 2010-2016. MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep. 2018;67:1088-1093.
-.
- Spicknall IH, Kreisel KM, Weinstock HS. Estimates of the Prevalence and Incidence of Syphilis in the United States, 2018. Sex Transm Dis. 2021;48:247-52.
- Stamm LV. Global challenge of antibiotic-resistant Treponema pallidum. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2010;54:583-9.
- Stoner BP. Current controversies in the management of adult syphilis. Clin Infect Dis. 2007;44 Suppl 3:S130-46.
- Su JR, Beltrami JF, Zaidi AA, Weinstock HS. Primary and secondary syphilis among black and Hispanic men who have sex with men: case report data from 27 States. Ann Intern Med. 2011;155:145-51.
- Trivedi S, Williams C, Torrone E, Kidd S. National Trends and Reported Risk Factors Among Pregnant Women With Syphilis in the United States, 2012-2016. Obstet Gynecol. 2019;133:27-32.
-.
- U.S. Preventive Services Task Force. Screening for syphilis infection in pregnancy: U.S. Preventive Services Task Force reaffirmation recommendation statement. Ann Intern Med. 2009;150:705-9.
- Vanhaecke C, Grange P, Benhaddou N, et al. Clinical and biological characteristics of 40 patients with neurosyphilis and evaluation of Treponema pallidum nested polymerase chain reaction in cerebrospinal fluid samples. Clin Infect Dis. 2016;63:1180-6.
- Vega JM, Blanca M, García JJ, et al. Immediate allergic reactions to amoxicillin. Allergy. 1994;49:317-22.
- Walker GJ. Antibiotics for syphilis diagnosed during pregnancy. Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2001;CD001143.
- Weinstock H, Berman S, Cates W Jr. Sexually transmitted diseases among American youth: incidence and prevalence estimates, 2000. Perspect Sex Reprod Health. 2004;36:6-10.
- Wendel GD Jr, Sheffield JS, Hollier LM, Hill JB, Ramsey PS, Sánchez PJ. Treatment of syphilis in pregnancy and prevention of congenital syphilis. Clin Infect Dis. 2002;35:S200-9.
- Wendel GD Jr, Stark BJ, Jamison RB, Molina RD, Sullivan TJ. Penicillin allergy and desensitization in serious infections during pregnancy. N Engl J Med. 1985;312:1229-32.
- Wolff T, Shelton E, Sessions C, Miller T. Screening for syphilis infection in pregnant women: evidence for the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force reaffirmation recommendation statement. Ann Intern Med. 2009;150:710-6.
- Wong BB, Keith PK, Waserman S. Clinical history as a predictor of penicillin skin test outcome. Ann Allergy Asthma Immunol. 2006;97:169-74.
-:1150-1.
-.
-.
- Yang CJ, Tang HJ, Chang SY, et al. Comparison of serological responses to single-dose azithromycin (2 g) versus benzathine penicillin G in the treatment of early syphilis in HIV-infected patients in an area of low prevalence of macrolide-resistant Treponema pallidum infection. J Antimicrob Chemother. 2016;71:775-82.
- Zetola NM, Klausner JD. Syphilis and HIV infection: an update. Clin Infect Dis. 2007;44:1222-8.
- Zhu L, Qin M, Du L, Xie RH, Wong T, Wen SW. Maternal and congenital syphilis in Shanghai, China, 2002 to 2006. Int J Infect Dis. 2010;14 Suppl 3:e45-8.
FiguresFigure 2. Syphilis Cases, United States, 1941-2019NOTE: Data collection for syphilis began in 1941; however, syphilis became nationally notifiable in 1944. This graphic shows the number of reported cases of syphilis for all stages, primary and secondary, and early non-primary non-secondary.Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Sexually Transmitted Disease Surveillance 2019. Syphilis. Atlanta: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; April 2021.Figure 3. Syphilis Cases, All Stages of Infection, United States, 2000-2019Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Sexually Transmitted Disease Surveillance 2019. Syphilis. Atlanta: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; April 2021.Figure 4. Primary and Secondary Syphilis—Rates by Sex, United States, 2012-2019Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Sexually Transmitted Disease Surveillance 2019. Syphilis. Atlanta: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; April 2021.Figure 5. Primary and Secondary Syphilis—Distribution of Cases by Sex and Sex of Sex Partners, United States, 2019Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Sexually Transmitted Disease Surveillance 2019. Syphilis. Atlanta: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; April 2021.Figure 6. Primary and Secondary Syphilis—Rates by Age and Sex, United States, 2019Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Sexually Transmitted Disease Surveillance 2019. Syphilis. Atlanta: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; April 2021.Figure 7. Primary and Secondary Syphilis—Rates by Race/Ethnicity, United States, 2019Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Sexually Transmitted Disease Surveillance 2019. Syphilis. Atlanta: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; April 2021.Figure 8. Primary and Secondary Syphilis—Rates by State, United States and Surrounding Areas, 2019Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Sexually Transmitted Disease Surveillance 2019. Syphilis. Atlanta: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; April 2021.Figure 9. Congenital Syphilis—Reported Cases by Year of Birth, United States, 2005-2019Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Sexually Transmitted Disease Surveillance 2019. Syphilis. Atlanta: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; April 2021.Figure 10. Treponema pallidum—Electron MicrographThis electron micrograph shows the 'corkscrew' shape of Treponema pallidum growing in cultures of cottontail rabbit epithelium cells.Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Public Health Image Library (CDC/Dr. David Cox).Figure 11. Treponema pallidum—PhotomicrographThis photomicrograph shows an isolated Treponema pallidum spirochete bacterium approximately 6 to 20 micrometers in length and 0.1 to 0.18 micrometers in width.Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Public Health Image Library (CDC/Susan Lindsley, 1972).Figure 12. Primary Syphilis—Penile ChancreThis patient with primary syphilis had a large firm ulcerated lesion on the penis accompanied by right-sided inguinal adenopathy.Photograph credit: Negusse Ocbamichael, PA; Public Health—Seattle & King County STD ClinicFigure 13. Primary Syphilis—Oral ChancreThis woman with primary syphilis developed an oral chancre at the right corner of her mouth. Syphilitic chancres are typically round, firm, and painless.Photograph credit: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Public Health Image Library (Robert E. Sumpter, 1967).Figure 14 (Image Series). Secondary Syphilis—RashThis patient with secondary syphilis developed a diffuse erythematous macular rash prominent on the chest, back, palms, and soles.Photograph credit: Negusse Ocbamichael, PA; Public Health—Seattle & King County STD ClinicFigure 14B. Diffuse Rash on BackThis patient with secondary syphilis developed a diffuse erythematous macular rash prominent on the chest and back.Photograph credit: David H. Spach, MDFigure 14C. Maculopapular Rash on Palms of HandsSource: photograph from Negusse Ocbamichael, PA; Public Health—Seattle & King County STD ClinicFigure 14D. Maculopapular Rash on FeetPhotograph credit: Negusse Ocbamichael, PA; Public Health—Seattle & King County STD ClinicFigure 15. Secondary Syphilis—Oral LesionsThis patient with secondary syphilis had multiple shallow ulcerations on the tongue (black arrows).Photograph credit: Negusse Ocbamichael, PA; Public Health—Seattle & King County STD ClinicFigure 16. Secondary Syphilis—Condylomata lataThis patient with secondary syphilis developed multiple vulvar and intertriginous condylomata lata lesions; these lesions typically appear as moist, gray, raised papules, often resembling warts (condyloma acuminata).Photograph credit: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Public Health Image Library (CDC/J.Pledger, 1976).Figure 17. Normal Eye AnatomyThe uvea includes three structures: iris, ciliary body, and choroidIllustration by David Ehlert, Cognition Studio, Inc.Figure 18. Congenital Syphilis — Reported Cases by Vital Status and Clinical Signs and Symptoms* of Infection, United States, 2015–2019*Infants with signs/symptoms of congenital syphilis have documentation of at least one of the following: long bone changes consistent with congenital syphilis, snuffles, condyloma lata, syphilitic skin rash, pseudoparalysis, hepatosplenomegaly, edema, jaundice due to syphilitic hepatitis, reactive CSF-VDRL, elevated CSF WBC or protein, or evidence of direct detection of T. pallidum.Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Sexually Transmitted Disease Surveillance 2019. Syphilis. Atlanta: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; April 2021.Figure 19. Congenital Syphilis—Palatal PerforationThis photograph shows an intraoral view of a perforation in the hard palate caused by congenital syphilis.Photograph credit: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Public Health Image Library (CDC/Robert E. Sumpter, 1967).Figure 20. Congenital Syphilis—Hutchinson's TeethThis photograph demonstrates the triangular-shaped deformity of an upper central incisor (top arrow) and a lower lateral incisor (lower arrow) dentition within the oral cavity of a person with a history of congenital syphilis. These dental abnormalities are known as Hutchinson incisors.Photograph credit: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Public Health Image Library (CDCRobert E. Sumpter, 1967).Figure 21. Treponema pallidum—Dark-Field MicroscopyThis photomicrograph shows the typical 'corkscrew' appearance of several Treponema pallidum spirochetes with the dark-field microscopy technique.Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Public Health Image Library (CDC/Renelle Woodall, 1969).Figure 22. Treponema pallidum Indirect Fluorescent Antibody (FA) Serologic TestThe fluorescent treponemal antibody absorption (FTA-ABS) test uses indirect fluorescent antibody technique in serum samples. This image shows abundant Treponema pallidum spirochetes with the use of a sample treated with Fluorescent Treponemal Antibody (FTA) antigen. The specimen shown here is enhanced by ultraviolet (UV) illumination.Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Public Health Image Library (CDC/Russell, 1967).Figure 23. Syphilis Serologic Screening—Traditional Sequence AlgorithmThe traditional (standard) serologic screening sequence algorithm uses a quantitative nontreponemal test (RPR or VDRL) for screening followed by a treponemal test for confirmation of positive screening tests.Abbrevi 24. Syphilis Serologic Screening—Reverse Sequence AlgorithmThe reverse serologic screening algorithm uses an initial treponemal test for screening, followed by a nontreponemal test confirmation. A specimen with reactive EIA/CIA results should be tested reflexively with a quantitative nontreponemal test (RPR or VDRL). Abbreviations: EIA = enzyme immunoassay; CIA = chemiluminescence immunoass 25. Examples of Increases in Nontreponemal TitersThis graphic shows three examples of increases in nontreponemal titers when comparing two tests. Test number 1 is represented as red and test number 2 as blue.Illustration by David H. Spach, MDFigure 26. Examples of Decreases in Nontreponemal TitersThis graphic shows three examples of decreases in nontreponemal titers when comparing two tests. Test number 1 is represented as red and test number 2 as blue.Illustration by David H. Spach, MD
TablesSource:
Table 2. 2021 STI Treatment Guidelines: SyphilisTreatment of Primary and Secondary Syphilis Among Adults**Recommendations for treating syphilis among persons with HIV infection and pregnant women are not addressed in this table.Recommended RegimenBenzathine penicillin G2.4 million units IM in a single dose
- Seña AC, White BL, Sparling PF. Novel Treponema pallidum serologic tests: a paradigm shift in syphilis screening for the 21st century. Clin Infect Dis. 2010;51:700-8. [PubMed Abstract]
Benzathine penicillin GTradename:Bicillin-LANote: Available data demonstrate that use of additional doses of benzathine penicillin G, amoxicillin, or other antibiotics do not enhance efficacy when used to treat primary and secondary syphilis, regardless of HIV status.Source: Workowski KA, Bachmann LH, Chan PA, et al. Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021. Syphilis. MMWR Recomm Rep. 2021;70(No. RR-4):1-187. [2021 STI Treatment Guidelines]Table 3. 2021 STI Treatment Guidelines: SyphilisTreatment of Latent Syphilis Among Adults**Recommendations for treating syphilis in persons with HIV and pregnant women are not addressed in this table.Recommended Regimen for Early Latent early latent syphilis do not enhance efficacy, regardless of HIV status.Recommended Regimen for Late Latent SyphilisBenzathine penicillin G7.2 million units total, administered as 3 doses of 2.4 million units IM each at 1-week intervals
Benzathine penicillin GTradename:Bicillin-LASource: Workowski KA, Bachmann LH, Chan PA, et al. Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021. Syphilis. MMWR Recomm Rep. 2021;70(No. RR-4):1-187. [2021 STI Treatment Guidelines]Table 4. 2021 STI Treatment Guidelines: SyphilisTreatment of Tertiary Syphilis Among AdultsRecommended Regimen for Treatment of Tertiary Syphilis with Normal CSF ExaminationBenzathine penicillin G7.2 million units total, administered as 3 doses of 2.4 million units IM each at 1-week intervals
Benzathine penicillin GTradename:Bicillin-LAPregnant women who are allergic to penicillin should be desensitized and treated with penicillin.Source: Workowski KA, Bachmann LH, Chan PA, et al. Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021. Syphilis. MMWR Recomm Rep. 2021;70(No. RR-4):1-187. [2021 STI Treatment Guidelines]Table 5. 2021 STI Treatment Guidelines: SyphilisTreatment of Neurosyphilis, Ocular Syphilis, or Otosyphilis Among AdultsRecommended RegimenAqueous crystalline penicillin G18–24 million units per day, administered as 3–4 million units IV every 4 hours or continuous infusion, for 10–14 days
Aqueous crystalline penicillin GTradename:PfizerpenAlternative RegimenProcaine penicillin G2.4 million units IM once daily for 10-14 days
Procaine penicillin GTradename:Probenecid500 mg orally four times a day for 10–14 days+
ProbenecidTradename:Note: If compliance with therapy can be ensured, this alternative regimen might be considered 6. 2021 STI Treatment Guidelines: SyphilisTreatment of Syphilis Among Persons with HIV InfectionRecommended Regimen for Treatment of Primary and Secondary primary and secondary syphilis among persons with HIV infection do not result in enhanced efficacy.Recommended Regimen for Treatment of Early Latent SyphilisBenzathine penicillin G2.4 million units IM in a single dose
Benzathine penicillin GTradename:Bicillin-LARecommended Regimen for Treatment of Late Latent or Latent Syphilis of Unknown DurationBenzathine penicillin G7.2 million units total, administered as 3 doses of 2.4 million units IM each at 1-week intervals
Benzathine penicillin GTradename:Bicillin-LARecommended Regimen for Treatment of Neurosyphilis, Ocular Syphilis, and Otic SyphilisAqueous crystalline penicillin G18–24 million units per day, administered as 3–4 million units IV every 4 hours or continuous infusion, for 10–14 days
Aqueous crystalline penicillin GTradename:PfizerpenNote: The durations of the recommended and alternative regimens for neurosyphilis are shorter than the duration of the regimen used for latent syphilis. Therefore, benzathine penicillin, 2.4 million units IM once per week for up to 3 weeks, can be considered after completion of these neurosyphilis treatment regimens to provide a comparable total duration of therapy.Alternative Regimen for Treatment of Neurosyphilis, Ocular Syphilis, and Otic SyphilisProcaine penicillin G2.4 million units IM once daily for 10-14 days
Procaine penicillin GTradename:Probenecid500 mg orally four times a day for 10–14 days+
ProbenecidTradename:If compliance with therapy can be ensured, this alternative regimen might be considered.Note: 7. 2021 STI Treatment Guidelines: SyphilisTreatment of Congenital Syphilis in NeonatesRecommended Regimens for Confirmed or Highly Probable Confirmed or Highly Probable Congenital SyphilisProcaine penicillin G50,000 units/kg body weight/dose IM in a single daily dose for 10 days
Procaine penicillin GTradename:Recommended Regimens for Possible Possible Congenital SyphilisProcaine penicillin G50,000 units/kg body weight/dose IM in a single daily dose for 10 days
Procaine penicillin GTradename:Recommended Regimens for Possible Congenital SyphilisBenzathine penicillin G50,000 units/kg body weight/dose IM in a single dose
Benzathine penicillin GTradename:Bicillin-LARecommended Regimen when Congenital Syphilis Less LikelyBenzathine penicillin G50,000 units/kg body weight/dose IM in a single dose*
Benzathine penicillin GTradename:Bicillin-LANote: *Another approach involves not treating the newborn if follow-up is certain but providing close serologic follow-up every 2–3 months for 6 months for infants whose mothers’ nontreponemal titers decreased at least fourfold after therapy for early syphilis or remained stable for low- titer, latent syphilis (e.g. VDRL <1:2 or RPR <1:4).Recommended Regimen when Congenital Syphilis UnlikelyNote: No treatment is required. However, any neonate with reactive nontreponemal tests should be followed serologically to ensure the nontreponemal test returns to negative. Benzathine penicillin G 50,000 units/kg body weight as a single IM injection might be considered, particularly if follow-up is uncertain and the neonate has a reactive nontreponemal test.Source: Workowski KA, Bachmann LH, Chan PA, et al. Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021. Syphilis. MMWR Recomm Rep. 2021;70(No. RR-4):1-187. [2021 STI Treatment Guidelines]Table 8. 2021 STI Treatment Guidelines: SyphilisTreatment of Congenital Syphilis Among Infants and ChildrenInfants and children aged ≥1 month who receive a syphilis diagnosis should have birth and maternal medical records reviewed to assess whether they have congenital or acquired syphilis.Recommended RegimenAqueous crystalline penicillin G200,000–300,000 units/kg body weight/day by IV, administered as 50,000 units/kg body weight every 4–6 hours for 10 days
Aqueous crystalline penicillin GTradename:PfizerpenInfants and children aged ≥1 month with primary or secondary syphilis should be managed by a pediatric infectious disease specialist and evaluated for sexual abuse (e.g. through consultation with child-protection services)Source: Workowski KA, Bachmann LH, Chan PA, et al. Sexually transmitted infections treatment guidelines, 2021. Syphilis.Building bridges for sustainable, inclusive, and resilient food in cities
A competitive sector, creating equitable conditions for all
Fewer greenhouse gas emissions from rice fields and better market access for farmers
Equitable sharing of risks and profits between chain actors
Investing in young people to harvest future-proof solutions
Building resilient cocoa farming communitiesWelcome to Self Healing Qigong Centre people are turning to qigong, a low-impact, time efficient daily practice of gentle exercise.
Developed and enriched over two thousand years by monks and by doctors, byTaoists and by Buddhist, qigong is a gentle therapeutic exercise, both curative and preventive, based on the ancient system of acupuncture meridians. Qigong offers techniques for improving breath control and mental concentration, releasing stress through self-administered massage and acupressure on acupuncture points. Through regular practice of qigong, we are able to prevent or dissolve blockages of energy, improve blood circulation, reinforce the immune system and re-establish emotion equilibrium.
Valuable for all ages, Qigong for Everybody provides a system both preventive and curative to maintain the sense of wellbeing that we all deserve.
2021 ©
Shaolin Self Healing Qigong CentreCrossdressing Clubs in Olney
It is time to get a little kinky and discover the wildest Olney crossdressing clubs to take that wild Olney crossdresser to. Right now you can discover both the perfect crossdressing clubs and the wildestcrossdressers here on the biggest crossdressing dating web site on the Net. We can assist you to change your fantasies into reality.
Start Searching Searching is 100% safe.
Check how many Crossdressing live in Montana.
Check how many Crossdressing live in Montana.Ivanti Named a Finalist for CRN’s 2021 Tech Innovator Award
SALT LAKE CITY–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Ivanti, the provider of the Ivanti Neurons automation platform that discovers, manages, secures, and services IT assets from cloud to edge, today announced that CRN®, a brand of The Channel Company, has named Ivanti a finalist for the 2021 CRN Tech Innovator Awards. Ivanti is being recognized for its Ivanti Neurons for Zero Trust Access product in the Security.
Ivanti Neurons for Zero Trust Access (nZTA) empowers enterprises to secure access for the Everywhere Workplace, while improving their security posture through a Zero Trust aligned and flexible direct-to-application access solution. nZTA authenticates and authorizes user identity and device security posture for compliance before establishing a session — ensuring adaptive control, micro-segmentation ability, and a reduced attack surface. Powered by deep learning, nZTA’s self-healing and self-securing capabilities help organizations mature along a Zero Trust framework, scale their cloud services, and improve business agility — all while delivering seamless and secure user experiences.
.”
“As enterprises continue to navigate remote work environments and an ever-changing threat landscape, securing endpoints is more essential than ever before,” said Erik Randles, SVP of Global Channels and Alliances at Ivanti. “This well-rounded and holistic platform appeals to customers and distinguishes our partners from other resellers with its ability to accelerate the Zero Trust journey and provide an additional layer of security in uncertain times. As businesses reopen, nZTA helps our partners grow their business with a solution that helps customers seamlessly secure users, devices, and applications regardless of location.”
The Tech Innovator Awards will be featured in the December issue of CRN and can be viewed online at crn.com/techinnovators..
Contacts
The Channel Company Contact:
Jennifer Hogan
The Channel Company
jhogan@thechannelcompany.com
Press Contacts
Jenny Pfleiderer
Ivanti
Director, Communications Manager
+1 925-878-5655
jenny.pfleiderer@ivanti.comScientific Farm Animal Production: An Introduction to Animal Science
- ISBN 13:
9780134565910
- ISBN 10:
0134565916
- Edition: 6th
- Format: Hardcover
- Publisher: Prentice Hall Professional Technical Reference
- revision of the world's leading Animal Science book presents reproduction, genetics, nutrition, lactation and consumer products. The coverage of breeding, and the feeding/management of dairy cattle, beef cattle, horses, sheep, swine, poultry, and goats had been widely applauded.Search
Now showing items 1-2 of 2
Wastewater use in aquaculture: research in Peru
Type: Journal Article
Use of wastewater is an issue gaining importance throughout the (developing) world, as water sources become scarcer and competition for them increases. In Peru, research has shown the technical, economic and social feasibility ...
Redclaw crayfish aquaculture in Ecuador: the new boom?
Type: Journal Article
Introduction of red claw crayfish (Cherax quadricarinatus) in Ecuador is presented together with the status and future of crayfish culture in the country.- Shuttle seats are limited on a first come first serve basis upon arrival. If you have any questions please call the hotel in advance.
- For groups larger than 4 people please contact the hotel to inquire about shuttle space availability at least a day in advance.
6890 Tower Rd,
Denver,
Colorado,
80249
United States
Get Directions
Quality Inn & Suites-Denver International Airport is an excellent ParkSleepFly.
04:00 AM - 12:00 AM
Shuttle departs Hotel at the top of every hour. Shuttle departs the Airport at the bottom of every hour
122
03:00 PM
/
11:00 AM
Located on the Southeast corner of Tower Road and 69th Avenue.
- Traveling on I-70 west: Exit at Tower Road, exit #286 and turn right at end of ramp. Travel for 4 miles and the Quality Inn & Suites DIA will be on the right side.
- Traveling on I-70 east: Exit at Tower Road, exit #286 and turn left at end of ramp. Travel for 4 miles and the Quality Inn & Suites will be on the right side.
- Traveling on I-470 (Denver Turnpike): Travel to Pena Boulevard West and follow Pena Boulevard to the Tower Road exit. Turn left on Tower Road and the Quality Inn & Suites DIA will be 1/2 mile ahead on the left side.
- From Denver International Airport: After exiting the airport turn left onto Tower Road. Continue on Tower Road and the Quality Inn & Suites will be on the left side.
{{ review.hotel_review }}
Navigation
Get Involved
DiscoverDominique Zinkpè lives and works in Cotonou, Benin. His paintings have a very distinctive and instantly recognisable style, with bright colours, bold lines, human forms, and a whirl of action on the canvas. His work is influenced by Benin’s rich history and his immediate African surroundings. (...)
ARTAFRICA: 10 artists to watch at ART X Lagos
ARTAFRICA, Octobre 30, 2021Stream full-length feature movies directly to your iPhone, Blackberry, Palm or Windows Mobile phone with the mSpot Mobile Movies service.
The mSpot Mobile Movies service gives users the ability to watch movies wherever and whenever they want by going to m.mSpot.com on their handheld device and using their credit cards to purchase the movies they want to stream. You can rent the movies for up to 72 hours or subscribe to the monthly Movie Club to get unlimited streams.
Watch Full-Length Films Anywhere with mSpot Mobile Movies
Katherinev123 — September 30, 2009 — Tech
4.2
Score
Popularity
Activity
FreshnessAndrea Dekker
andreadekker.com
Add New Subscription
(required) *
Required; the Post you're subscribing to.
Comment
— All Comments/Replies —
Jun 24th, 2011 9:41 am — "Amy K" writes: The CL FAQ page says you shouldn’t rep[...]
Jun 24th, 2011 10:20 am — "Catie" writes: This is a great post. I wish more people[...]
Jun 24th, 2011 10:28 am — "Julie" writes: The thing that bewilders me the most wit[...]
Jun 24th, 2011 1:06 pm — "Ashley @ Money Talks" writes: It just seems like such a pain to deal w[...]
Jun 24th, 2011 3:41 pm — "Heart and Haven" writes: This was pretty thorough, thanks! I buy/[...]
Jun 24th, 2011 3:57 pm — "Frances" writes: Great advice! A few more tips that may a[...]
Jun 27th, 2011 7:08 am — "Andrea" writes: Thanks Frances, Yes, I always keep the e[...]
Jun 27th, 2011 7:09 am — "Andrea" writes: I could not agree more! I’m ONLY looki[...]
Jun 27th, 2011 7:11 am — "Andrea" writes: I know, it’s crazy how “unprofession[...]
Jun 27th, 2011 7:16 am — "Andrea" writes: Well Ashley, no one is “forcing” you[...]
Jun 27th, 2011 1:12 pm — "Ashley @ Money Talks" writes: Oh I know no one is forcing me. haha. Bu[...]
Jul 1st, 2011 1:54 pm — "jennifer" writes: I have done quite a bit of buying and se[...]
Jul 7th, 2011 5:53 am — "Janet" writes: I have a question about Craigslist. Do y[...]
Jul 7th, 2011 11:58 am — "Andrea" writes: I always give the first person to contac[...]
Jul 9th, 2011 10:29 pm — "Sonja von Franck" writes: I just sold my first Craigs List item la[...]
Jul 26th, 2011 7:52 pm — "Alice @ Farewell, Office." writes: I used your Craigslist selling tips toda[...]
Jul 27th, 2011 8:03 am — "Andrea" writes: Wow — congrats Alice! I had it one tim[...]
Jul 31st, 2011 3:48 pm — "Sandy" writes: Great suggestions. I have bought and sol[...]
Aug 1st, 2011 6:31 am — "Andrea" writes: Thanks Sandy — and I totally agree. I [...]
Oct 19th, 2011 7:16 pm — "Jan" writes: Thanks for your VERY descriptive and com[...]
Nov 8th, 2011 1:24 am — "Nick" writes: Thanks for the tips. They will surely he[...]
Nov 11th, 2011 7:13 pm — "JIMMY K" writes: QUESTION. WHEN I AM SEARCHING FOR SOMETH[...]
Nov 11th, 2011 8:31 pm — "Andrea" writes: Honestly, I’m not exactly sure how/why[...]
Nov 11th, 2011 10:00 pm — "JIMMY K" writes: Thank you Andrea, The one thing I would [...]
Feb 1st, 2012 6:58 pm — "Iris Rodriguez" writes: Im so glad for all your information,abou[...]
Feb 16th, 2012 5:40 pm — "Lanetrice" writes: Dear Andrea, I don’t have a site just [...]
Feb 19th, 2012 10:53 am — "Andrea" writes: Lanetrice, if you are trying to sell new[...]
Feb 20th, 2012 11:40 am — "Melissa Medendorp" writes: Great. I will have to try this. I have n[...]
Mar 5th, 2012 8:40 pm — "Carla Hayden" writes: Hi Andrea, Just wanted to say thank you [...]
Mar 6th, 2012 6:18 pm — "janet Rothstein" writes: Hi Andrea first let me say, thank you fo[...]
Mar 7th, 2012 7:21 pm — "Andrea" writes: No I’ve never had that problem… Most[...]
Mar 11th, 2012 8:57 pm — "Lauren K." writes: Andrea, I used your template today and h[...]
Mar 12th, 2012 7:11 am — "Andrea" writes: wow — congrats!! That’s a successful[...]
Mar 13th, 2012 3:35 pm — "eyelid" writes: Question – how long should you wait be[...]
Mar 13th, 2012 8:24 pm — "Andrea" writes: It depends, if it’s clothes or somethi[...]
Mar 15th, 2012 11:41 am — "eyelid" writes: thanks!
Mar 17th, 2012 7:58 pm — "Andre Lamas" writes: Hi this is my first time on Craigslist
Mar 25th, 2012 12:45 pm — "doug johnson" writes: How do you safely get payment for large [...]
Mar 26th, 2012 6:40 am — "Andrea" writes: I get cash for anything up to $1000, but[...]
Apr 3rd, 2012 12:42 am — "deborah" writes: I have beautiful hat suits old records c[...]
May 21st, 2012 12:07 pm — "Andrea" writes: Hey Lori, unfortunately, Craigslist “t[...]
Jun 12th, 2012 4:12 pm — "Richard J Park" writes: do i have to create an account to buy or[...]
Jun 14th, 2012 3:30 pm — "Cherie" writes: Thank you so much for the information. I[...]
Jul 19th, 2012 2:13 pm — "maryellen k." writes: Hi first timer.. is there a web site to [...]
Jul 19th, 2012 6:08 pm — "Chels" writes: I’ve only used Craigslist a couple of [...]
Jul 22nd, 2012 6:36 pm — "Matt" writes: Great info, thanks. #9 Do you make appoi[...]
Aug 3rd, 2012 2:26 pm — "Katie" writes: Hello, I have tried to link my postings [...]
Aug 27th, 2012 12:58 pm — "Joe" writes: After you anonymize your email, do you r[...]
Sep 11th, 2012 7:19 am — "Sidney" writes: I have posted several things on Craigsli[...]
Sep 11th, 2012 9:50 am — "Andrea" writes: that’s totally normal — they are ask[...]
Sep 11th, 2012 12:13 pm — "Mel" writes: I’m a little ignorant about computers.[...]
Oct 7th, 2012 9:57 pm — "Lisa Collin" writes: When listing clothing, do you find it be[...]
Oct 12th, 2012 11:23 pm — "Ary" writes: I’ve listed several items on craigslis[...]
Oct 12th, 2012 11:33 pm — "Ary" writes: Nevermind, I figured out how to do it. T[...]
Oct 26th, 2012 9:06 pm — "Chris" writes: Hi. I read your information about linkin[...]
Nov 12th, 2012 11:03 am — "Steve Ford" writes: We have a collection of unique Christmas[...]
Nov 12th, 2012 2:30 pm — "Andrea" writes: Steve, I’ll be honest — Craigslist i[...]
Nov 12th, 2012 2:37 pm — "Steve" writes: Thanks Andrea! That is helpful!
Nov 15th, 2012 1:40 am — "Angie" writes: Hi Lisa, check out useitsellit.com start[...]
Nov 15th, 2012 1:42 am — "Toni" writes: AGREE! Ebay is charging LOT now. Check o[...]
Nov 15th, 2012 1:45 am — "Toni" writes: Thats the issue with Craigslist, you can[...]
Nov 19th, 2012 5:42 pm — "Warren" writes: I can’t make it work either. Only one [...]
Jan 19th, 2013 4:10 pm — "Juan" writes: Its a good car
Jan 29th, 2013 4:55 pm — "Darlene Villanueva" writes: Why is Craigslist publishing the home ad[...]
Feb 3rd, 2013 7:12 am — "SLAM in Dayton, OH" writes: Andrea, found your post while looking fo[...]
Feb 3rd, 2013 9:51 am — "Vic" writes: I need to talk about how to check for sc[...]
Feb 5th, 2013 7:46 pm — "Rich B" writes: Since I live in Orange County, Californi[...]
Feb 6th, 2013 7:51 am — "Michelle A" writes: Is it okay to sell software on Craigslis[...]
Feb 6th, 2013 8:14 am — "Andrea" writes: I’m honestly not sure. I think it woul[...]
Mar 25th, 2013 5:24 pm — "Audrey" writes: I am new to selling on craigslist but I [...]
Mar 26th, 2013 1:13 pm — "Andrea" writes: Thanks Audrey. At this point, I don’t [...]
Mar 26th, 2013 4:25 pm — "Ellen" writes: Is Craigslist a totally free listing sit[...]
Mar 29th, 2013 8:36 pm — "Audrey" writes: Thank you Andrea for responding to me. I[...]
Mar 29th, 2013 8:44 pm — "Andrea" writes: Hey Audrey, to set up a coaching appoint[...]
Apr 1st, 2013 1:51 pm — "John" writes: Hi Andrea, I sell successfully a few pro[...]
Apr 13th, 2013 4:56 pm — "Spoon" writes: I have a problem I am 14 years old I nee[...]
Apr 23rd, 2013 4:20 pm — "peggy" writes: is it possible to post pictures of your [...]
Apr 23rd, 2013 9:11 pm — "Andrea" writes: I think so — but I suppose it just dep[...]
Jun 12th, 2013 9:11 pm — "Laura" writes: Dear Audrey, I want to thank you for all[...]
Jun 16th, 2013 1:33 pm — "tina" writes: Hi, great post! One thing I wonder thoug[...]
Jul 16th, 2013 7:41 pm — "billy" writes: Excellent tips – thank you so much !!!
Jul 21st, 2013 12:19 pm — "Maryanne" writes: I am a newbie to posting on Craigs list [...]
Jul 21st, 2013 5:30 pm — "Andrea" writes: yes, you should resize them to between 5[...]
Oct 1st, 2013 7:24 pm — "stella" writes: Hi Andrea, Thank you for your useful inf[...]
Oct 8th, 2013 2:20 am — "Linda" writes: I haven’t listed any items yet, but am[...]
Oct 8th, 2013 7:16 am — "Andrea" writes: Hi Linda, Craigslist actually isn’t th[...]
Oct 14th, 2013 9:34 pm — "NIkky" writes: Hello Andrea, Thank you for this article[...]
Oct 14th, 2013 10:24 pm — "Andrea" writes: If it were me, I would create a separate[...]
Oct 24th, 2013 4:58 pm — "evi" writes: Dear Andrea, I just found this post and [...]
Oct 25th, 2013 2:00 pm — "Andrea" writes: Hi Evi, I’m thinking that something li[...]
Oct 31st, 2013 11:14 am — "Lynnie" writes: Hi Andrea, I posted an ad a few days ago[...]
Oct 31st, 2013 1:28 pm — "Andrea" writes: If it were me, I wouldn’t even “prom[...]
Nov 14th, 2013 4:15 pm — "Steve" writes: Great info. Two more that I do: I never [...]
Dec 17th, 2013 11:53 am — "Linda Govednik" writes: You said you would expound on how to lin[...]
Feb 3rd, 2014 3:32 am — "Gene" writes: Word to the wise: make sure you are care[...]
Mar 17th, 2014 2:28 pm — "Brett" writes: I was wondering if you could explain how[...]
Jun 24th, 2014 8:12 am — "Mel" writes: Hi Andrea- I thought of you yesterday wh[...]
Jun 24th, 2014 2:55 pm — "Mel" writes: Thank you so much for getting back to me[...]
Jun 24th, 2014 5:24 pm — "Andrea" writes: No problem — sounds like you handled i[...]
Jul 5th, 2014 11:53 am — "jonathan" writes: So I sold a radio and then they don’t [...]
Jul 31st, 2014 4:20 pm — "Debbie" writes: Great tips I appreciate the info. I was [...]
Jul 31st, 2014 6:27 pm — "Andrea" writes: Hi Debbie — sorry for your troubles. I[...]
Aug 11th, 2014 1:56 am — "Mike" writes: The first photo submitted is always the [...]
Aug 11th, 2014 12:08 pm — "Mike" writes: Words of caution, etc. 1) When using the[...]
Aug 25th, 2014 1:51 pm — "Gil" writes: Hi, I am loving and using Craigslist now[...]
Aug 25th, 2014 6:21 pm — "Andrea" writes: Hi Gil, I would put the 2 lamps together[...]
Sep 7th, 2014 4:21 pm — "Vikki" writes: Hi Andrea, We just posting our first ite[...]
Oct 24th, 2014 9:18 am — "Bob McCoy" writes: you didn’t say why but you chose “ge[...]
Oct 24th, 2014 6:53 pm — "Andrea" writes: Thanks Bob. I would say, for the most pa[...]
Nov 23rd, 2014 10:32 am — "Jenn" writes: How do you link your postings together s[...]
Jan 24th, 2015 11:54 am — "Barry" writes: Hey there, Thank you so much for offerin[...]
Jan 24th, 2015 7:50 pm — "Andrea" writes: I think that the only way to do that is [...]
Feb 14th, 2015 3:55 pm — "JESSE" writes: IS THERE A WAY TO LIST A ITEM IN MORE TH[...]
Feb 14th, 2015 7:06 pm — "Andrea" writes: not that I’m aware of — you can just[...]
Feb 25th, 2015 2:20 pm — "Minh" writes: Thank you so much for this very helpful [...]
Apr 10th, 2015 5:42 am — "Matt" writes: I have the same question as Minh
May 3rd, 2015 10:21 pm — "Devi Rai" writes: Hi there i have lots of stuff in the hou[...]
Jun 6th, 2015 9:43 pm — "Lisa" writes: I am creating a post listing an array of[...]
Jun 6th, 2015 9:51 pm — "Andrea" writes: Personally, I list every individual item[...]
Jul 26th, 2015 12:42 pm — "Amy" writes: Hi, Thanks for this post. I’m wonderin[...]
Jul 28th, 2015 6:21 pm — "Andrea" writes: you’ll just need to post it twice, onc[...]
Nov 8th, 2015 10:35 pm — "Melanie Baker" writes: Is there a way to post an item in more t[...]
Nov 8th, 2015 10:47 pm — "Andrea" writes: Hi Melanie, As far as I know, you can on[...]
Jul 11th, 2016 1:00 am — "Myron" writes: I have an item posted that someone is in[...]
Jul 11th, 2016 2:04 am — "Tad T." writes: I only accept cash. Period. I tell them [...]
Jul 11th, 2016 12:20 pm — "Andrea" writes: I would tend to only accept cash as well[...]
Oct 17th, 2016 11:37 am — "mara" writes: hi andrea i’ve never used craigslist b[...]
Oct 17th, 2016 1:01 pm — "Andrea" writes: I never worry about people coming to my [...]
Nov 26th, 2016 9:40 pm — "PR" writes: These are grear tips. Would you have tip[...]
Jan 1st, 2017 11:53 pm — "Donna Burch" writes: We live in a small town, in Alabama. The[...]
Jan 2nd, 2017 7:54 pm — "Andrea" writes: yes, you can manually list items in many[...]
Mar 14th, 2017 1:57 pm — "Susan Vaughn" writes: Hi, I am selling an item I want to list [...]
Mar 14th, 2017 5:55 pm — "Andrea" writes: I’m fairly confident you must pick a s[...]
Jun 5th, 2017 3:13 pm — "John Freeman" writes: I thought Craigslist was set up to be di[...]
Mar 29th, 2018 6:36 pm — "sheryl loyd" writes: I read that you’re supposed to limit y[...]
Mar 4th, 2019 1:27 pm — "Jana Milham" writes: Your info is most helpful, but as a rook[...]
Dec 5th, 2019 2:30 am — "Teddy Jones" writes: In follow the rules, I don’t understan[...]
Dec 5th, 2019 2:53 am — "Teddy" writes: That confused me too. I’m guessing fro[...]
Dec 5th, 2019 3:14 am — "Teddy" writes: I understand that that posting the same [...]
Aug 31st, 2020 11:23 am — "Ginny Knowles" writes: Please give more precise instructions on[...]
Jul 27th, 2021 3:38 pm — "Mary Matteson" writes: Thank You for your site.
(required) *
(required) *
Deliver
(required) *
instantly
hourly
daily
weekly
Any value that is not
instantly
results in a digest instead of instant notifications.The Gorge Sellinari is located about 45km east of Heraklion and 21km west of Agios Nikolaos, on the eastern slopes of Selena Mount, draining the valley west of Vrachassi..
Selinari has dense vegetation and you can enjoy it either by car or easy walking till its exit, near Milatos. A particular route worth following is the old National Road, which passes alongside the New Road and meanders through the gorge. The walls of the gorge and the surrounding mountains shelter many birds of prey. Selinari used to be one of the shelters for the rare Cretan wildgoat, but it unfortuntally has become extinct. There are also several springs, but the most famous attraction is the historic monastery of Saint George. For the Cretans it is considered bad luck to pass a gorge, without stopping at the monastery. This has its origins in the past, when Selinari Monastery a stopping point where the travelers and their animals could rest.Sexuality|Sex Favorable Therapy: Difference Between Sex And Love Making
There are lots of taboos and misunderstandings regarding sex and sexuality. Within the context of pairs therapy/marriage counseling, sex therapy focuses on the experience between the people within the therapy office, your specialist is there to lead you, not participate!
One typical misconception is that sex ought to come naturally, be very easy, and require marginal effort. The truth is that while some individuals maybe in this way, others are not.
Sex is all-natural, joyful, and distinctively personal.
I did not find out that in institution. Instead, sex ed indicated memorizing listings of venereal diseases in class packed with snickering high schoolers. I remained on old wooden bleachers while guest audio speakers told my peers and me that premarital sex would make us “chewed-up items of gum” or “items of tape that were used a lot they no longer stick.” We were informed nobody would certainly want us if we weren’t a virgin.
Exactly how to Discover a Sex Therapist Near Me
When it concerns sex, there are still lots of things we, as a society, fidget regarding talking about openly. Pleasure, wish, and affection are very important facets of our lives; and they as well can also be improved with treatment.
Sex is as much psychological as it is physical. This duality makes sex therapists a valuable source to assist you navigate your sex life and sexuality and to be open with on your own and your sexual partners. If you prepare to improve your sex life, you might begin with a look for “sex specialist near me,” the primary step when driving towards a new chapter of your psychological and sexual well-being.
On The Internet Sex Therapy
Upgraded: January 28, 2021 Couples anywhere deal with keeping romance alive in their connections. The stress and anxieties of work, parenting, and various other dedications make it tough for numerous married and cohabitating pairs to make time for sex. Furthermore, lots of individuals battle with sex-related dysfunctions or sex-related mental issues.
On-line sex therapy helps pairs and individuals easily gain access to therapists from the convenience of their homes in a risk-free and confidential area. Various sites throughout the United States offer pairs possibilities to engage in sex treatment basically through online video conversation and instantaneous messaging. We have actually assessed the most prominent online sex treatment alternatives and evaluated them based on 14 functions essential to pairs and individuals that are looking for sex therapy and sex-related psychiatric therapy.
We might get a compensation if you choose to utilize therapy solutions via BetterHelp or other resources on our web site.
Is Online Therapy as Effective as In-Person Therapy?
Research is showing that treatment with specialist specialists can be simply as effective online as in individual. It can get rid of barriers to obtaining to our office.
What are the benefits?
While online therapy and training can not always provide the same nuanced experience as sitting in person with your therapist, it is a superb option for numerous people to have the assistance they might not otherwise be able to gain access to.
Some individuals that gain from on-line treatment with the San Francisco Affection & Sex Treatment Center’s individual psychotherapists, sex therapists, and marital relationship counselors include:
People that travel often due to function commitments Professionals that commute and battle to make it to an in-office therapy session.
Pairs in long-distance connections People that wish to satisfy regularly than scheduling permits People who were face-to-face therapy clients however have relocated away Individuals who reside in backwoods with limited access to specialists Any person who wants attempting on-line therapy as a supplement to in-person therapy or on its very own.
San Francisco’s Leading Couples Therapist & Sex Therapists
Is Online Treatment Right For You?
I want to make sex treatment as very easy as possible, so I provide my solutions online. You’ll be able to enjoy the comfort and personal privacy of your own house and won’t have to worry concerning taking a trip to and from my office.
Just how much does online sex treatment expense? Just how commonly will we fulfill?
Consultations range from 140-200 per 50-minute session depending on the specialist you select. You can see each therapist’s fees in their biographies above.
You need to intend on conference with your specialist regular or two times a month– just like you would if you were entering our offices.
What do I require in order to fulfill with you online?
Simply a computer system with video/audio capacities and a high-speed web link.
Make certain to be in an exclusive setting to protect your personal privacy.
The 5 Finest Online Sex Therapy Solutions of 2021
Talkspace Talkspace is offered at a practical weekly rate and uses counseling services for people throughout the United States. Counselors are available 24 hrs a day, seven days a week, and the firm accepts insurance from a variety of service providers.
Best for Pairs ReGain’s qualified specialists are devoted to helping pairs reignite their interest for each and every various other and discover to interact their demands and needs efficiently.
Best for On-Demand Therapy Therapists at BetterHelp are offered around the clock to talk with patients. The business uses video clip, phone, conversation, and instant messaging to preserve communication with clients, making it among the most adaptable online sex therapy services available.
Best for LGBTQ Couples While PrideCounseling accepts clients of every gender, alignment, and identification, its therapists concentrate on treating couples and individuals details to the LGBTQ area.
Best for Christian Couples Couples can enhance or regain physical affection, boost interaction, or address contrasting sexual needs, all within the parameters of their belief.
Pairs Sex Therapy
It does not matter just how long you’ve been together or exactly how in love you are, sometimes it can be tough to voice something to your partner particularly when it comes to discussing your sex life. “A great deal of focus can be placed on the quantity of sex we are having in our partnership, and when individuals have different assumptions, it can create tension within a couple,” says Bennett. In this instance, for your “sex specialist near me” search, make certain that you define that you’re looking for a couples sex therapist.
Reignite Passion, Explore Fantasies, and Attach.
Whether job, youngsters, time, or simply life has actually hindered, it completely natural to locate yourself detached from your companion( s). You may also discover yourselves unbelievably linked, but not fairly lined up in the bedroom, or desire to discover brand-new areas. In pairs sex treatment, everything is normal– also your most intimate of dreams.
Sex counseling sex mentoring can enable you to fulfill your emotional and physical demands by helping you explore brand-new locations and wishes, in addition to producing a space for you to discuss topics you may be uncomfortable with.
We obtain it– you desire a hot sex life.
Lots of long-lasting pairs experience a decline in their sexuality after a while or feel that it’s just not interesting as it used to be. Others have a hard time to negotiate various levels of wish, where one companion is more interested than the other. The level of sensitivities numerous of us have around sex can even come to be the focus of our battles.
In Pairs Sex Treatment– despite the length of time you have been together– you can learn exactly how to meet the needs of your companion, what they want, and what truly turns them on.
Blow your partner’s mind tonight with our step-by-step techniques!
Step-by-step guidelines:
- Exactly how To Finger A Woman
- Exactly how To Drop On A Female
- How To Offer A Hand Job
- Exactly how To Offer A Strike Work Discover More Ending Up College
- Can you assist me to discover …
Discover to connect in a fulfilling relationship where need is existing. Discover what turns you on, or what transforms down the intimacy and attraction for you. Learn exactly how to approach your companion with these topics or ask for something brand-new. Clarify what you desire, what you wish to provide, or perhaps what you wish to explore, also if you are coming in as an individual. It is essential to recognize what tempts you so that you can discover exactly how to show or inform your partner regarding it, ideally leaning towards welcoming excitement, play, and eros in.
By utilizing this web site, you accept our use of cookies. We use cookies to offer you with a wonderful experience and to assist our website run efficiently.
ORGASM WITH A PARTNER
You’re able to orgasm by yourself, and currently you want to learn just how to arrive with a partner. This is your following step!
With confidence educate your companion what you already find out about your body.
Feel much more comfortable allowing your partner emphasis on you.
The Passion Job
Uncover your sex life
A couples’ guide to stabilizing mismatched sex drives and producing a sex life that is meeting and interesting to you both.
Learn both different sex drive types, and what each of those types demands.
Explore my Five Structures model of sex drive.
Obtain concrete, workable ideas to reignite the trigger tonight.
Uncovering Wish
I am a Qualified Marriage and Household Specialist, Licensed Professional Sex Specialist, and Licensed Medical Social Worker practicing in Denver, Colorado.
I focus on Couples Counseling and Sex Therapy with People and Couples. As a Couples Specialist with a field of expertise in Sex Therapy, I have the ability to address the relationship and sex-related issues without prejudice and supply innovative services to individuals and couples who are stuck in old patterns and long for interest and adjustment.
Individual Treatment
In private treatment, we will certainly use a solution-focused design to concentrate on how I may be able to help you.
We can aid you determine why you are having the sex-related problems you are experiencing. An on-line sex therapist can aid you and learn new abilities to assist you.
You could select specific therapy if you aren’t prepared to review your concerns with your partner. Of they aren’t ready for therapy, or if you are single.
Self Exploration
There’s plenty to be said for the “practice makes perfect” strategy. If you’re practicing with a companion or partners, transparent interaction can aid you comprehend precisely what help each other. If you’re doing some solo exploration, examine out our piece on mindful self-pleasure. Provide yourself approval to release expectations and self-judgment when you’re exploring, and allow yourself elegance for the times that you just do not seem like it. Stating no when your intuition claims no, also to on your own, is a technique in itself.
Couples Therapy: With Your Companion
In pair’s treatment, it’s very crucial to understand our strengths and weak points as a pair.
We will certainly support you and your partner as you talk via your sex-related problems. This entails recognizing different blocks contributing to your difficulties, and eventually get a far better location where you both feel happy and fulfilled sexually.
We are accepting and joint. We do not take sides or aim to blame either of you for what you are experiencing.
Sex Therapy
Solutions exist for all sex-related dysfunctions that you can be exercising on your own and or with a partner.
All Services
Treating Premature Climaxing!
Premature Climaxing can be an awful problem to have. The quantity of suffering and the blow to a male’s self-esteem is substantial.
Six Steps to much better sex
Having problem with your Sexual Relationship? Learn the workout that will certainly alter your sexual connection. How Kiss & Face Touch Learn More
Sex and Desire
In this video, we discuss Reduced Sex Need, what triggers it and how to treat it. Complied with by a discussion of exactly how to spruce up thing Find out more
Dating After Separation
So you discover yourself back being single and thinking about the opportunity of dating again. You are either showing up back right into the d Check out A lot more
- Men’s Sexual Worries
- Learn more Sex therapy can assist men experiencing
- Impotence and issues with orgasm
- Performance anxiousness
- Body image issues
- Lowered desire/libido
- Communication with your partner
- Troubles associated with porn use
- Effects from sex-related abuse or trauma
- You can enjoy sex!
- Anxiousness & Anxiety
- Read Extra Anxiousness, awkwardness, and efficiency anxiety associated to sex can maintain us stuck in our head rather than getting in touch with our companion.
You might not recognize how to speak regarding sex with your companion.
Or you may really feel really distressed (heart battering, ideas competing) regarding whether your partner will certainly delight in sex with you or if your body will certainly perform.
Sex treatment can assist us gain confidence, really feel comfy, and learn ideas to quit the stress and anxiety we will so we can have far better sex.
Women’s Sexual Problems
Find out more Sex treatment can assist ladies experiencing:
- Reduced Libido
- Painful Intercourse
- Body Image Problems or Post-Partum Sexuality Adjustments
- Stress And Anxiety and Anxiety Associated to Sex
- Difficulty reaching orgasm
- Results of Sexual Assault or Injury
- You Can Take Pleasure In Sex!
- Shed the Sexual Enthusiasm
Read More It’s normal to go through sex-related lessens and moves, however did you recognize that we’re having less sex as a culture? Anxiety, life obligations, dullness with sex life and so many various other aspects can cause this. Sex treatment can aid couples reignite the interest and prioritize their sex life.
Rekindling the Fire: 8 Advantages of Online Sex Therapy
Online sex therapy for couples with sex-related problems has come to be significantly common over the past decade and is commonly accepted by more youthful generations. Concerning 44% of couples seek pairs treatment before marriage.
What is the reason for this uptick in pairs therapy? Gone are the days that pairs presumed therapy was just for couples on the edge of separation. Now, we’re seeing couples get in therapy to reinforce their structure, locate much better methods to connect and conquer obstacles as a device.
Within the spheres of both individual treatment and couples counseling is the expanding field of sex treatment. Presently, on the internet sex therapy is the choice chosen by many couples as almost 84.7% of treatment have transitioned to pandemic-safe, extensively readily available on the internet sessions.
If you’re investing even more time currently than ever before with your companion and finding sexual obstacles along the way, you’re not alone. Continue reading to find out 8 benefits of online sex therapy that combines everywhere are making the most of.
Recouping Low Libido or Sex-related Rate Of Interest
One or both companions might discover that gradually, their libido isn’t fairly as strong as it as soon as was. They might battle to really feel excited or preserve sexual interest in their partner.
Sex therapy gives a safe area to go over concerns of sex drive and discover manner ins which you can obtain back to delighted, routine sex life. Your accredited sex therapist may urge sensate emphasis workouts, in which both companions end up being familiarized (or reacquainted) with each other’s bodies in a gradual and healthy and balanced method.
Extraordinary Sex Tips For Women That Make You Much Better In Bed
This discreet newsletter will educate you how to make him shout your name & offer him the freakiest dental sex of his life.
Each of these 23 unbelievable sex suggestions for ladies will show you how to be the best sex companion ever before, make him crave you sexually, and beg you to spend more time with each other. Oh, and I forgot to mention, it’s likewise mosting likely to assist you to have more intense climaxes!
Allow’s get directly right into it!
Side Note: I put together this thorough evaluation that will reveal just how excellent you are at providing foreplay and pleasing your male. It may uncover some uneasy facts, or you might discover that you are already a queen at offering impact work.
Visit this site to take my quick (and amazingly accurate) “Blow Job Skills” Quiz today and discover just how excellent your strike job abilities really are …
Tease Him … Right Prior To Sex
This incredible sex tip is a little like my guidance listed below about pulling him deep as he cums because some people (& girls) love it, some don’t.
Below’s just how it works:
As your male will enter you, pull away somewhat. Allow his penis brush off you, almost enter you, yet do not allow him enter you right now.
Obviously, he’s mosting likely to try once again, but … Once more, retreat just enough to ensure that he doesn’t enter you and slips over your vaginal canal.
If you intend to provide your guy extreme, back-arching, grab-the-bedsheets, howling, weeping climaxes that will certainly keep him sexually addicted to you, then you’ll locate them in my personal and very discreet e-newsletter. You’ll additionally discover the 5 hazardous & “stupid” sex blunders that turn him off and how to avoid them.
You can do this over and over for a couple of seconds or a few mins, teasing him, allowing him to practically have sex with you, yet inevitably rejecting him till you finally “give up.” It’s a fun little power video game to play with your male!
Check into his eyes and see how seriously he desires you, see just how difficult he’ll attempt to have you.
You can even allow him know exactly how you hold this power over him by asking him, “Exactly how much do you want it?” or “I like seeing you struggle” or “I can see exactly how much you want this and I love it”. Or you can just smile and murmur in his ear, “Not yet.” If you’re feeling particularly effective, ask him to beg, “Beg for it.” For a great deal of people, this drives them wild and makes them more hostile and determined to have you … ideal if you appreciate passionate sex.
Pull Him Deep When He Cums
Some individuals simply get this sex method, while others are entrusted the sensation of “huh, what’s so warm concerning this?”
He’s a special snow, no truly!
It is essential to recognize that your male is unique with sexual preferences that vary from every other guy you’ve ever before met.
Even if one partner liked prostate excitement, it does not indicate that your current man does.
The exact same holds true for him being dominant or passive.
He might prefer harsh, hostile sex instead of the loving, caring kind … or the other way around.
The secret is understanding that he’s a “one-of-a-kind snowflake” and afterwards adapting your sex skills to his specific preference and kinks. If he is a good person, he’ll do the very same for you.
Now What?
Ok, that was a great deal of sex guidance! My advice currently would certainly be to bookmark this sex guide for ladies, so you can return to it, then pick a couple of of the methods I recommended and start utilizing them on your guy.
you can massage his ego build intense sexual stress use the particular sex ideas & strategies above, after that you’ll be giving your guy the ideal sex of his life. More than that, you’ll have the most effective sex, also!
When you understand them, you can attempt even more tips for women in bed and maybe incorporate several of them. When you fit, you can move on to several of my even more innovative impact work methods kinky sex pointers Lastly, I require to point out something:
One point that some women (& guys) fail to remember when they review the Bad Girls Holy Bible is that I’m giving recommendations, concepts, and standards to aid them be great at sex. I’m not laying down unbreakable regulations when it comes to just how to get excellent at sex.
It’s your job to find out which strategies and suggestions for better sex job best for you, your male, and your relationship while ignoring the sex suggestions that doesn’t function well for you.
Thank You – Sexuality|Sex Favorable Treatment: Difference Between Sex And Love MakingBoris Onischenko, an army officer from Ukraine, entered the 1976 Olympics in Montreal a respected modern pentathlete who had won a silver medal in Munich four years earlier. He exited the Games in disgrace, with banner headlines around the world denouncing him as 'Disonischenko' and 'Boris the Cheat'.
Modern pentathlon is a five-discipline event that includes fencing, but Onischenko's épée was not the innocent weapon of competition it appeared. He had wired his sword so that he could trigger the eletronic scoring system with his hand and register a hit at will.
The British team, who were to win the gold medal, were the first to suspect that Onischenko was up to something during his bout against Adrian Parker. When Jim Fox, Onischenko's next opponent, protested vehemently that his opponent was managing to score without hitting him, officials took away the Soviet athlete's sword. He continued with a replacement weapon, but soon afterwards news came through that he had been disqualified. Stories that he was later banished to the Siberian salt mines were probably exaggerated. The rules of the sport were changed, though, banning grips that could hide wires or switches.
2 Chicago White Sox baseball team Throwing the 1919 World Series
It became known as the Black Sox scandal after eight Chicago White Sox were charged with accepting money from gamblers to throw the 1919 World Series, won 5-3 by the Cincinnati Reds. The gamblers, including former boxing champion Abe Attell, promised $100,000 to eight Sox players, and the following year a Chicago grand jury convened to investigate the case. Some of the eight, including 'Shoeless' Joe Jackson, confessed to the jury. They had been told no action would be taken against them, but were immediately suspended. On their way out, a young boy is said to have called out to Jackson: 'Say it ain't so, Joe.' (The phrase become one of the most famous in American sporting history, though Jackson later claims the incident never happened.) In June 1921, just before the jury trial was due to begin, the players' testimony mysteriously disappeared and they were acquitted due to lack of evidence. But Kenesaw Mountain Landis, a former federal court judge who was installed as an all-powerful baseball commissioner, upheld the suspensions, declaring: 'Regardless of the verdict of juries... no player that sits in conference with a bunch of crooked players and gamblers... will ever play professional baseball.'
3 Diego Maradona The Hand of God
As the England goalkeeper Peter Shilton and the Argentine captain Diego Maradona converged on Jorge Valdano's cross in the 52nd minute of their quarter-final at the 1986 World Cup finals, the game's goalless scoreline seemed secure. Maradona was, after all, a mere 5ft 4in, eight inches shorter than Shilton, who reached out with his right arm to punch the ball clear. Miraculously, or so it seemed, the leaping Maradona managed to guide the ball into the England net. Tunisian referee Ali Bennaceur, well placed to spot any infringement, ignored the protests of England's defenders that Maradona had handled the ball. He didn't even bother to consult his Bulgarian linesman, Bogdan Dotschev. But the slow-motion replay and, more tellingly, a still picture taken by a Mexican photographer showed that Maradona's left hand had deftly deflected the ball home. 'It was partly the hand of Maradona,' the Argentine said the next day, 'and partly the hand of God.' Later in the game Maradona scored a goal of unimpeachable brilliance as Argentina won 2-1 - and went on to win the World Cup.
4 Ben Johnson Awesome Olympic champion - until his drug test caught up with him
'I'd like to say my name is Benjamin Sinclair Johnson Jnr and this world record will last 50 years, maybe 100.' So said Ben Johnson after trimming four-hundredths of a second off the world record to finish first in the 100 metres at the Seoul Olympics in 1988. Within hours, though, his triumph was transmuting into one of the great Olympic scandals. In the Olympic Doping Control Centre, less than half a mile from where Johnson had received his gold medal, Dr Park Jong-Sei found that one of the numbered urine samples taken from the first four finishers contained stanozolol, a dangerous anabolic steroid. The number was Johnson's, confirming the suspicions of one American trainer, who had noted before the race that the Canadian's eyes were yellow, the result, he said, of 'his liver working overtime processing steroids'. Carl Lewis, Britain's Linford Christie and Calvin Smith were each promoted one place to fill the final medal positions as the disgraced Johnson, stripped of his gold, flew out of Seoul, feebly protesting his innocence. Johnson raced at the next Olympics after serving a two-year suspension, but was banned for life in 1993 after he tested positive again.
5 David Robertson Transgressing golf's code of self-regulation
Golf prides itself on its culture of honesty and self-regulation, which makes the case of David Robertson, a former Scottish boys champion, all the more remarkable. Robertson was playing in final qualifying for the 1985 Open in Deal, Kent, and after 14 holes, his playing partners summoned an official and (according to a newspaper), 'after a long discussion Simmers [the official, Graeme] disqualified Robertson for not replacing his ball in the correct position on the green'. It was reckoned that, at times, he had moved his ball up to 20 feet. He did this by arriving at the green first, appearing to mark his ball, but merely picking it up and then carrying his marker on his putter around the green and dropping it much nearer the hole. He was fined £20,000 and banned for 20 years from playing as a pro by the PGA European Tour. The fine was never called in. Seven years later Robertson applied for and obtained his amateur status back and played in some amateur events in the Lothian region.
6 Fred Lorz Marathon champion who travelled by car
The marathon at the St Louis Olympic Games of 1904 was held over a hilly course in the middle of a scorching afternoon. Small wonder only 14 of the 32 starters made it to the finish. First home, after three hours 13 minutes, was a New Yorker, Fred Lorz, who was immediately proclaimed the winner. He had already been photographed with Alice Roosevelt, the daughter of the President of the United States, and was about to be awarded the gold medal, when word got out that he had covered 11 miles as the passenger in a car. The crowd's acclaim rapidly turned to abuse. Although Lorz claimed it was a practical joke, he received a lifetime ban, which was later lifted. Thomas Hicks, an English-born American who was awarded the race, might have been disqualified himself after his handlers gave him strychnine and brandy to keep him going.
7 Sylvester Carmouche Jockey who ensured that punters didn't have the foggiest
On a foggy afternoon, a real pea-souper, in January 1990, Sylvester Carmouche surprised punters at Louisana's Delta Downs Racetrack by finishing first on 23-1 long-shot Landing Officer. But all was not as it seemed. Carmouche had dropped out of the mile-long race while lost from view and then rejoined the field as they came round again before galloping to 'victory'. He should have waited a little longer. The fact that he won by 24 lengths and came within 1.2sec of the track record inevitably raised suspicions. The stewards disqualified him even though he protested his innocence. Later he received a 10-year ban after the other jockeys in the race testified that Carmouche had not passed them.
Eventually he admitted to what he had done. He was reinstated after serving eight years of his suspension.
8 Michel Pollentier Cyclist caught extracting the urine
Jacques Anquetil, one of the giants of the Tour de France, once remarked: 'You don't ride the Tour on mineral water.' Whatever it was Michel Pollentier rode it on we'll never be absolutely sure because he was disqualified during the 1978 race, not because of what was in his urine but because the urine he gave at a drug test wasn't his. Pollentier had just hurtled up the precipitous Alpe d'Huez to win, alone, and take the race leader's yellow jersey. According to one report, officials conducting the post-stage test became suspicious when, 'Pollentier began pumping his elbow in and out as if playing a set of bagpipes'. Ordered to lift his jersey, the Belgian did so to reveal an elaborate plumbing system running from a rubber, urine-filled bulb under his arm to the test tube. Pollentier served a two-month suspension before he started racing again. The practice of substituting uncontaminated urine was reckoned to be widespread at the time.
10 Mr Martin The phantom horse race of 1909
A top-hatted gentleman calling himself Mr Martin walked into the offices of The Sportsman newspaper and asked them to publish the card of the Trodmore Hunt Steeplechase to be held in Cornwall on the August Bank Holiday Monday, 1909. The editor, impressed by the detailed programme of the event, agreed not only to print the card, but also to publish the results, which his new acquaintance would telegraph through. Had the editor checked, he would have discovered that Trodmore and its steeplechases did not exist. As it was, some fancy bets on Reaper to win the fourth race, which, according to The Sportsman, it duly did at 5-1, had bookmakers paying out sizeable sums.
Other bookmakers waited for the results printed in the Sporting Life the next day and here, because of a printer's error, Reaper's price was 5-2, which raised the alarm that this was a scam. No one was ever caught.
Justifying his selection...
This month's 10 was selected by Observer sports writer Jon Henderson. Here he explains his choices:
Why single out Onischenko, from a relatively obscure sport, to head this roll of infamy? The answer is that fencing might be relatively obscure but the cheating itself was on an epic scale - and on the biggest stage of all, at the Olympic Games.
Unlike Diego Maradona, Onischenko could not claim that it was a reflex thing.
Unlike Ben Johnson, he could not dilute his guilt by saying that he was doing something many others were doing and if the authorities were unable to nail his rivals he had to cheat merely to compete.
Onischenko's cheating, in a sport rooted in chivalry, was premeditated, ingenious and wonderfully original. He must have reflected at length on what he was doing as he wired his weapon, but he saw no reason to abandon the dastardly deceit. And he devised his trickery without reference to precedent, unless this sportswriter has missed all those stories about circuit-tampering épéeists.
The contest for who should finish second was close, but the White Sox edged Maradona because the latter's action was not premeditated, though Maradona did compound his crime by claiming divine intervention (however much we enjoyed the 'Hand of God' line).
Given its current travails, it is perhaps surprising that cricket has escaped unscathed from this attempt to name sport's greatest fraudsters. WG Grace dealt more in gamesmanship and high-handedness than cheating, while the matchfixing scandals that are now unravelling will almost certainly provide prime candidates for similar lists in the future. But Hanse Cronje apart (and he was a candidate) very few big names have actually been nailed for cheating.
Now you have your say...
Enraged by our choice? We thought so, and we want to hear why. Write and tell us who would make your 10, justifying your selection in no more than 50 words. A selection of your 10s will be published next month. Send your cards to: 10 Greatest Cheats, OSM, Observer sports desk, 119 Farringdon Rd, London EC1R 3ER or email us: osm@observer.co.uk.Two former Netflix employees who raised concerns about anti-transgender comments on Dave Chappelle's TV special are dropping labor complaints, and one has resigned from the company.
Terra Field, a senior software engineer who is trans, announced a voluntary resignation on Monday.
Field and B. Pagels-Minor also are dropping a National Labor Relations Board complaint that claimed retaliation.
Netflix fired Pagels-Minor last month for allegedly disclosing confidential information, which they've denied.
The complaint filed by Field and Pagels-Minor was fueled by the controversy surrounding Chappelle's new comedy special, "The Closer," which debuted on Netflix on Oct. 1. It's since been watched millions of times.
In the special, Chappelle defends writer J.K. Rowling, who has made comments that have been perceived as transphobic. Chappelle also defended DaBaby and criticized society for how it reacted to the rapper's homophobic remarks.
Netflix has stood by the special. According to The Verge and Variety, Netflix co-CEO Ted Sarandos told employees in a company-wide memo that the company stood by Chappelle and that he did not feel the comments ventured into hate speech.
On Oct. 20, about 100 Netflix employees staged a walkout supporting trans employees in front of the platform's Los Angeles studio-office complex.Tax Planning & Compliance
We strive to understand your specific circumstances and goals and work with you to develop a comprehensive strategy to maximize planning opportunities and minimize tax responsibility.
TAX PLANNING & COMPLIANCE SERVICES
Because IRS rules and tax laws are complex, and your personal and business situations change over time, you need attentive service from experienced professionals. GYF’s tax team will work closely with you and your advisors throughout the year to develop a customized, strategic plan to minimize your tax burden and maximize your assets.
We strive to understand your goals and will ensure that planning objectives are achieved. Our professionals draw upon collective experience to recommend successful tax planning and compliance ideas for individuals, trusts and estates, privately and publicly owned companies, and not-for-profit organizations.
Our team of certified public accountants and tax specialists work with clients to develop proactive tax planning strategies and deliver high-quality tax compliance services. We also offer consulting and other special project expertise.
Learn more about our specific tax planning, compliance and consulting services:
- Corporate Tax Services
- Individual & Family Tax Services
- Trusts & Estate Tax Services
- Services for Tax-Exempt (Not-for-Profit) Organizations
- State & Local Tax Services
- International Tax Services
- Tax Consulting & Special Project Services
We serve clients of all sizes in a variety of industries. Learn more about our industry-specific areas of tax services.
Utilizing a combination of continuing professional education and extensive experience, our team of certified public accountants and tax specialists work to develop proactive tax planning strategies designed to minimize all taxes.
Our strength in developing effective tax plans is enhanced by our in-depth understanding of our clients’ needs – not just offering generic tax options, but taking time to customize these solutions to your specific personal or business situation.
Because our professionals work collaboratively, you can also utilize our firm’s expertise in other service areas including audit, business valuation, transactions, and ERP solutions to provide further resources.
Dealing with matters of tax controversy can be very stressful. We can help you by representing your interests before the IRS or other regulatory bodies and tax authorities. Our proactive approach to tax planning and compliance is designed to help you avoid these situations; however, we provide guidance and representation if, and when, they arise.
Whether you need help communicating with authorities or responding to routine notices, or if you would like us to interact on your behalf at hearings or meetings with tax agencies, GYF can provide the support you need.
specialized
Tax expertise
GYF tax professionals help clients with a wide range of tax planning and compliance needs.
Learn more about our specific tax services.
Attentive Service and Personalized Solutions
Tax Planning
Your work hard for what you earn, and we work hard to help you keep it by taking advantage of all of the available tax-savings opportunities. Successful tax planning requires the assistance of knowledgeable and experienced tax professionals who are up-to-date with complex tax matters and current jurisdictional and judicial tax developments. We provide constant, year-round tax planning and are proactive in our approach toward lowering your tax liabilities.
With a focus on practical tax strategies, GYF professionals can help you identify opportunities that will lead to tax deferrals and minimize current and future tax obligations. Ongoing involvement with your personal and business circumstances, in combination with our extensive experience and understanding of the laws affecting your tax situation, ensure that you receive the highest quality tax planning services.
Tax Compliance
Only when returns are accurately completed, and the taxpayer pays the minimum tax required by law is a strategic tax position validated. GYF’s experienced tax professionals can prepare income tax returns for your company, as well as handling individual tax filings for the owners, executives and shareholders.
Using a single firm to provide services for all parties allows for more efficient tax planning and compliance. We are able to prepare any type of individual, trust or business tax return, including corporate, partnership and limited liability returns, as well as keeping you in compliance with all state and local tax requirements. Our firm also has extensive experience with multi-state tax issues and can help you with international tax matters.
Matters of Tax Controversy
As the IRS seeks to encourage greater transparency, and state and local jurisdictions are increasing their audit and collection efforts, individuals and businesses face heightened scrutiny due to more stringent enforcement policies. Getting professional assistance for any tax-related audit is critical.
We have expertise in this area and can help you understand your rights and responsibilities if your tax compliance is questioned. Taxpayers often are not aware of the specific procedures that must be followed by government agents. We will work directly with the IRS or other agency to ensure that you are properly represented, and that your rights are protected.
You can be confident that we will advocate strongly for you in these situations. Contact GYF to discuss your circumstances and needs with our tax professionals.
Tax Professionals
Get in Touch with Us Today for All of Your Service Needs
Corporate Tax Services
GYF provides a wide range of business tax planning and compliance services for closely held companies, including private and public corporations, S corporations, partnerships and limited liability companies.
Some of the areas in which we provide corporate tax services include:
- Business structure analysis
- Business tax compliance services
- Buying and selling a business
- Buying and selling real estate
- Compensation planning
- Deferral of tax under IRC Section 1031
- Deferred compensation
- Employer/employee tax strategies
- Entity formation planning
- Evaluating the impact of tax law changes
- Information return reporting analysis
- International tax issues
- Inventory methods analysis
- Multi-year tax projections
- Operational tax strategies
- Partnership/LLP tax return preparation
- Pension plan consulting
- Representation before tax authorities
- Retirement planning, including distributions from IRAs and qualified plans
- S corporation analysis
- Succession planning
- Tax accounting methods analysis
- Tax attribute and carryover analysis
- Tax considerations of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures
- Tax credit planning including R&D, foreign tax and other credits
- Tax strategies related to asset acquisitions
- Year-end tax planning
Schedule Your "Tax Checkup"
We will discuss our findings with you as well as offer suggestions for future planning ideas.
Individual & Family Tax Services
Each individual income tax situation is as unique as the taxpayer to whom it belongs. Ever-changing and complex tax laws can make tax planning and compliance a daunting task for individuals and families. GYF professionals have extensive experience working with corporate executives, business owners, entrepreneurs and other high-net-worth individuals, and can provide the personal attention and service you need.
Under current tax law, a combination of federal, social security, Medicare, state and local taxes can consume nearly half of your earnings without proper preparation! Our sophisticated tax planning strategies often result in reducing overall tax liabilities to ensure that you are paying the absolute minimum taxes required by law.
-/gift tax planning strategies and compliance
- Preservation and management of family assets
Our Firm is committed to providing an exceptional level of service, with a focus on delivering personalized, proactive tax planning ideas and the highest quality tax return preparation. Contact GYF to discuss your individual and family tax needs.
Trusts & Estates
Estate and gift tax planning should be customized to your personal situation to minimize tax liabilities and maximize wealth. It is important to carefully monitor and respond to new tax law developments in order to preserve the lifetime of your work for your heirs. Creating a trust and/or gift plan gives you the control of the disposition of your assets during or after your lifetime.
Facing the challenge of preparing an estate plan should not be overwhelming. Our tax specialists will guide you through the process and present alternative mechanisms and strategies to accomplish your individual family and charitable goals.
Our recommendations are coordinated with your attorney and other advisors to ensure a smooth and orderly transition of assets. We work collaboratively to achieve the goal of minimum taxation and maximum wealth preservation. A clear and concise estate plan will afford high-net-worth taxpayers the comfort of knowing that proper arrangements are in place.
Some of the services rendered by our estate planning and compliance team include the following:
- Business succession planning
- Charitable giving planning and charitable trusts
- Dynasty trusts and Grantor trusts
- Education funding strategies
- Estate tax planning and return preparation
- Family limited partnership and LLC issues
- Gift tax planning and return preparation
- Income and estate tax projections for estates, trusts and beneficiaries
- Private foundations
- Succession planning for family owned businesses
- Trust tax planning and return preparation
Tax-Exempt (Not-for-Profit) Organizations
Tax-exempt status is a privilege, not a right. Obtaining and maintaining an organization’s exempt status is a complex process requiring operation and compliance within an expansive set of rules set forth under Subchapter F of the Internal Revenue Code. Complexities in these provisions of the law must be completely understood and adhered to in order to protect your exemption.
Not-for-profit entities are required to file Form 990, a public document that serves to indicate continued qualification for exempt status. The Form 990 can also communicate the mission and achievements of an organization, and can be used as effective marketing tool to attract donors and grantors. Our tax team can help you make sure your Form 990 accomplishes your goals.
GYF professionals can also assist management and Boards of Directors in meeting fiduciary obligations to the organizations they serve. We can use the experience gained from assisting other not-for-profits to help you concentrate on your central purpose and fulfill your mission.
GYF tax specialists have the expertise to handle all aspects of taxation related to not-for-profit organizations, including tax planning and compliance. Some of the specific services we provide for tax-exempt entities include:
- Filing for determination of exempt status
- Planning and compliance for public capital drives
- Planning for unrelated business income (UBIT)
- Planning and compliance for prohibited transactions and related-party transactions
- Restructuring with related taxable entities
- Reporting and compliance for charitable donations
- Designing charitable giving strategies for organizational donors
- State tax-exempt rules analysis and compliance
- Representation before the IRS and tax authorities
GYF professionals have dedicated significant portions of their careers to serving not-for-profit organizations. Learn more about our not-for-profit industry expertise and resources and our firm’s community focus.
State & Local Tax Services
State and local taxes (SALT) are an important part of all taxpayer liabilities and can have a significant impact on business entities and their owners. State and local tax authorities have become increasingly aggressive in pursuing new taxation avenues as their needs for new revenue sources have grown. On the other hand, many incentives and credits exist at the state and local tax level that are not available at the federal level. Our tax professionals have the knowledge and expertise to help you identify and take advantage of these state and local tax savings opportunities.
When working with GYF, you partner with a knowledgeable tax advisor who can help you effectively manage your personal or organizational tax obligations across multiple state and municipal borders. Recently, this area has become even more complicated as states implement new economic nexus and sales tax rules to address e-commerce transactions.
Our professionals have experience handling an array of state and local tax issues for individuals and businesses. Some of the services we provide in this area include:
- Income and franchise tax compliance and planning
- Local tax compliance
- Multi-state planning and considerations
- Nexus studies and apportionment analysis
- Non-resident return preparation and planning
- Representation before taxing authorities
- Sales and use tax planning and audit assistance
- Tax incentives, credits and abatements
We work with you to minimize SALT taxes through comprehensive planning to help keep you in compliance with the numerous and ever-changing state tax rules, regulations and court decisions. Contact GYF to learn more.
In a global economy, many businesses include international operations. International tax planning and compliance can be complicated, but our professionals have the expertise to assist privately held multinational businesses in addressing these issues. Our professionals can advise on entity structure, planning opportunities, U.S. filing obligations and reporting requirements, and other international tax challenges. Click on the buttons below to learn more about the inbound and outbound concepts of U.S. international taxation and the financial reporting required with respect to certain foreign activities.
We provide the following services to U.S. persons earning income internationally as well as to foreign persons taxed in the United States:
- U.S. tax reporting/compliance
- International tax compliance
- Foreign source income planning
-
Our international resources are further expanded through our membership in Geneva Group International (GGI), a global alliance of professional firms. If we do not have direct experience with an international issue, our firm can utilize the expertise of professionals in GGI member firms around the world.
Tax Planning & Special Project Services
Complex and ever-changing tax rules can have a significant impact on your personal and corporate financial situation. Our experienced professionals stay current on tax legislation and develop an understanding of your individual and/or business situation so that we can offer proactive recommendations to help you take advantage of strategic tax opportunities. We serve as trusted advisors to our clients and work in coordination with attorneys and financial planners to develop a customized approach to address all financial and legal issues. Some of the specialized tax consulting services we provide include:
- Cost segregation studies
- Depreciation and amortization – Section 179 planning
- Entity choice/corporate restructuring
- Fixed assets studies
- International issues – inbound, outbound, foreign tax credits, financial reporting
- Inventory methods – tax-related considerations
- Matters of tax controversy
- Mergers, acquisitions and divestitures – potential tax consequences of transactions
- Real estate/construction – IRC Section 1031 exchanges
- Section 199/199A – analysis of eligibility for deductions
- Tax credits and incentives
Transactions
Analysis of the tax consequences is an essential part of the transaction planning process. GYF professionals have extensive experience with acquisitions, mergers, joint ventures, equity investments and divestitures. We investigate structuring and purchase options to determine the best opportunities for the specific circumstances. Learn more about our transaction services.
Credits and Incentives
Tax credits and incentives are offered by federal, state and local governments as a means to increase their tax revenues by attracting new businesses and encouraging current companies to expand. Our experienced tax professionals can help you determine which opportunities your company qualifies for and assist you in the process to take advantage of them.
Contact us to learn more about the tax breaks that may be available to you, including those listed below.
- Cost Segregation Studies ‒ These studies are performed to analyze costs associated with the acquisition, construction, or renovation of a building to determine whether depreciation deductions can be claimed.
- Domestic Production Activities Deduction (DPAD) ‒ Also known as the “Section 199 Deduction,” this incentive was created to encourage domestic manufacturing, but many types of businesses with eligible activities can benefit from this deduction.
- Opportunity Zone Investments and New Market Tax Credits ‒ Created to promote economic growth and development in low-income areas, these programs provide investors with tax credits, deferrals, step-up benefits and capital gains tax reductions.
- Research & Development (R&D) Credits ‒ Companies can overlook these incentives since tax law in this area can be complex. The development of new products and technology generally qualifies, but other improvements to processes or business operations may also be eligible.
- State and Local Tax Incentives ‒ Our professionals can help you identify the State and Local tax breaks available to you.
- Work Opportunity Tax Credit (WOTC) ‒ This federal program is designed to provide job opportunities for a specific group of people (including veterans, ex-felons, individuals receiving government assistance, and those living in underserved communities) by providing tax credits to companies that hire them.Super Friday Night Funki
Learning should be fun and on Wordgames.com you can find lots of games like Super Friday Night Funki that make practice a joy. Play now one our our best skill games!Listen to the beat, press the correct arrow key and score as many points as you can in Super Friday Night Funki. In this game you have to listen to some great music and look at the arrow keys that are moving on the screen. When they reach the top of the screen you have to press them at the right time in order to score points and continue the song.
The game that has quickly become a classic is available on Wordgames.com and you can play it anytime you want to listen to some good music and test your reflexes. The graphics are immediately recognizable to anyone who has ever heard of the game, and if you haven't seen the game before you will surely soon appreciate the style that the art has.
See how well you can match the rhythm in Super Friday Night Funki and enjoy another classic experience on Wordgames.com.
After mastering Super Friday Night Funki be sure to try a familiar experience from the games below:
At Wordgames.com we have a great selection of free games, so feel free to check out our other fun games from the skill category and get your daily dose of entertainment and joy!Buy online votes from us and enjoy 100% customer satisfaction and peace of mind. Do you want to get the attention of your social media audience? Then it’s time to create online sweepstakes, contests and giveaways.
Within a few seconds, you will get a long list of sellers. However, it is not necessary that they all are reasonable and reliable. The fact is that few service providers are just trying to get some money from buyers and they will even deliver false votes on the page. Sad thing to know is that such votes get disappeared automatically after some time.
But, most of the people grind to a halt at the way to purchase the votes. Once you haven’t done it before, it’s perfectly normal to feel apprehensive. If you indubitably need a win in any facebook contest, then your best bet should only have to buy facebook votes.
This website has a unique section with a list of featured contests. 4) “giveawaysandsweeptakes.Com” is another site where you can gather details about new giveaways. buy votes fast This website has been running for six years and lists 12 contests per page. It often also shows the details of grand prize contests. 5) “sweepstakes-search.Com” is another website that we recommend. This website has a sweepstakes directory section on the home page, with different categories for grand sweepstakes and new contests.
This website shows a big list of giveaways and it shows the winners list on the home page. The special quality of contest girl is having different categories such as united states contests entries and canada contest entries. Contest girl has an active twitter page to share new contest details and contest tips. 3) “sweeptakestoday.Com” is our next website to find grand prize contests.ISBN: 1405207892
ISBN13: 9781405207898
This description may be from another edition of this product. This cleverly engineered pop-up offers five three-dimensional scenes from A. A. Milne's most beloved stories. With a turn of the page, readers can watch Pooh and his balloon float up to the top of the...
Related Subjects3 - 5 Years Action & Adventure Children's Children's Books Classics
From his humble beginnings in a poem and then a children's story to his starring role in a mega Disney franchise to Novel Knockout champion, kind-hearted Winnie the Pooh has brought joy and comfort to generations of readers and viewers.Hugo award winner Sarah Gailey lives and works in beautiful Los Angeles, CA. Their nonfiction has been published by Mashable and the Boston Globe, and their fiction has been published internationally. They are a regular contributor for Tor.com and Barnes & Noble. You can find links to their work at. They tweet@gaileyfrey.
Sarah’s Shimmer Stories:Having your Mercedes-Benz regularly serviced is a very important part of maintaining and ensuring that your vehicle performs correctly.
At Newtons Mercedes we use the latest Mercedes-Benz service equipment to ensure that your Mercedes vehicle continues to function at its highest level of performance, comfort and safety.
Saving you money – not quality
Regular servicing does not have to cost you a fortune, as we offer the same quality and level of service as the main dealers and we can offer Mercedes-Benz approved parts, oils and fluids just the same as a main dealer, the difference with us is that we are much cheaper.The ED:TALK Toolkit can be viewed online using the links below, or downloaded in PDF form for offline use.
The key steps for a successful project are to:
- Decide your goal
- Design your project
- Decide what evidence to generate
- Implement and evaluate
- Share your findings
The Toolkit offers resources for each of these steps.
The Toolkit Planning Template helps you think through and document all of your decisions and progress.Quick Links
Awards
The Indian scientist who has been awarded the Energy Frontiers Award 2020 by the Rome based multinational oil and gas company Eni – Prof CNR Rao
The Indian activist who has been chosen for the 2021 Whitley Awards for his efforts in preserving rare Amur falcons – Y. Nuklu Phom
The global nutrition expert (dual national of Trinidad and Tobago and Denmark) who has been chosen for the 2021 World Food Prize for trailblazing research on small native fish species in Bangladesh – Dr Shakuntala Haraksingh Thilsted
Defence
The first destroyer of Indian Navy, built in Russia under the name Nadezhny which was decommissioned at Naval Dockyard in Visakhapatnam – INS Rajput
Persons - Obituaries
The veteran journalist, freedom fighter and activist who passed away on 26 May 2021 in Bengaluru – Shri HS Doreswamy
The veteran cardiologist and former national president of Indian Medical Association and also the recipient of BC Roy Award and Padma Shri, who passed away on 17.05.2021 – Dr. KK Aggarwal
The former Chief Minister of Rajasthan and former Governor of Haryana and Bihar who passed away on 19 May 2021 – Shri Jagannath Pahadia
The well-known philanthropist and Chairperson of Times Group who passed away on 13 May 2021 – Smt Indu Jain
The Rajya Sabha MP and well-known sculptor, recipient of Padma Shri, Padma Bhushan and Padma Vibhushan, who passed away on 09.05.2021 – Shri Raghunath Mohapatra
The veteran music composer, winner of Sangeet Natak Akademi Award and Padma Shri who passed away on 07.05.2021 – Shri Vanraj Bhatia
The founder and chief of the Rashtriya Lok Dal and son of former Prime Minister of India late Chaudhary Charan Singh who passed away on 06 May 2021 – Shri Ajit Singh
The freedom fighter and former personal secretary of Mahatma Gandhi who passed away on 04 May 2021 at the age of 99 years – Shri V Kalyanam 2
The former Lt Governor of Delhi and Goa and former Governor of Jammu and Kashmir who passed away on 03 May 2021 – Shri Jagmohan
The well-known sitar maestro, recipient of Padma Shri and Padma Bhushan who passed away on 01 May 2021 – Pandit Devabrata Chaudhuri
Persons - Others
The IPS officer of 1985 batch who has been appointed the Director of Central Bureau of Investigation – Shri Subodh Kumar Jaiswal
The contestant from Mexico who has been crowned Miss Universe 2020 at the beauty pageant held in Hollywood, Florida on 16 May 2021 – Miss Andrea Meza
Sports
The present President of International Hockey Federation who has been re-elected for the second term till 2024 – Narinder Batra
The sherpa guide from Nepal who has broken his own record of climbing Mt Everest by doing it for the 25th time – Kami Rita
The English professional snooker player who has won the 2021 World Snooker Championship held in England from 17 April to 03 May 2021 – Mark Selby
Places
The Indian state which has approved the setting up of Legislative Council in the State – West Bengal
The new and 23rd district created out of Sangrur district in Punjab – Malerkotla
Themes
The theme of UN Global Road Safety Week observed from 17 to 23 May 2021 – Streets for Life #Love30
The new motto of Go Air airlines which has rebranded itself as Go First airlines – You Come First
Miscellaneous
The severe cyclonic storm of Arabian Sea which caused heavy rainfall in Kerala, Karanataka, Goa, Maharashtra and Gujarat and also caused loss of lives and property was named – Cyclone Tauktae
The severe cyclonic storm which arose in Bay of Bengal and made landfall in Odisha caused destruction of crops in Odisha, West Bengal and Jharkhand was named – Yaas
The Prime Minister's Scheme for mentoring young authors launched by the Ministry of Education is named – YUVA 3
Covid-19
The mission launched by Indian Navy for transportation of relief materials like Oxygen tankers for Covid-19 patients is named – Operation Samudra Setu II
The antibody detection-based kit developed by Defence Institute of Physiology and Allied Sciences (DIPAS), a laboratory of Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) is named – DIPCOVAN
The dedicated community support helpline operationalised by the Union Ministry of Ayush to provide AYUSH-based approaches and solutions for the challenges raised by Covid-19 – 14443
Assembly Elections 2021
Shri Sundarlal Bahuguna
Born: 9 January 1927; Passed away: 21 May 2021
Noted Indian environmentalist and Chipko movement leader.
Awards
* 1981: Padma Shri Award
* 1987: Right Livelihood Award (Chipko Movement)
* 1986: Jamnalal Bajaj Award for constructive work.
* 2009: Padma Vibhushan Award
Books Written
* India's Environment: Myth & Reality with Vandana Shiva, Medha Patkar
* Environmental Crisis and Humans at Risk: Priorities for action with Rajiv K.Sinha
* Bhu Prayog Men Buniyadi Parivartan Ki Or (Hindi)
* Dharti Ki Pukar (Hindi)
4 Vaccines for COVID-19
Vaccines for COVID-19
2021 Laureus Sports Awards
Awarded by Laureus Sport for Good Foundation
1. Sportsman of the Year Award: Rafael Nadal
2. Sportswoman of the Year Award: Naomi Osaka
3. Team of the Year Award: Bayern Munich
4. Breakthrough of the Year Award: Patrick Mahomes
5. Comeback of the Year Award: Max Parrot
6. Sport for Good Award: KICKFORMORE by KICKFAIR
7. Lifetime Achievement Award: Billie Jean King
8. Athlete Advocate of the Year Award: Lewis Hamilton
9. Sporting Inspiration Award: Mohamed Salah
6
2021 International Booker Prize, (translated from Spanish by Adrian Nathan West)
- The Employees by Olga Ravn, (translated from Danish by Martin Aitken)
- In Memory of Memory by Maria Stepanova, (translated from Russian by Sasha Dugdale)
- The War of the Poor by Éric Vuillard, (translated from French by Mark Polizzotti)
Books in News
Star Gazing – The Players in My Life by Ravi Shastri
Abbreviations in News
YUVA: Young, Upcoming and Versatile Authors
LAST MONTHS G.K..
So Very Special, a local greenhouse and participant since the market opened in 1995, will return, along with C&T Produce, a vendor with a loyal following for more than 10 years. We’ll also have cut flowers from Bouquets of Loveville, small fruits and vegetables from Diaz Berries and Fruits, and grass-fed meat and eggs from Tall Cotton Farm.
Selected from a pool of more than 100 applicants, the 32 vendors offer an eclectic mix of locally-produced options to enjoy for breakfast or lunch, as well as an abundance of fresh fruits and vegetables, bedding plants and herbs, seafood, eggs and meat, dairy products, baked goods, sauces, and more. Customers can picnic in the headquarters People’s Garden next to the market or take their purchases home to enjoy with friends, family, and even your pets.
Come meet our vendors on May 6:
For 21 years, USDA’s Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) has brought the USDA Farmers Market to USDA’s DC headquarters. This year, the market will be open every Friday, May to October, from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m., on the corner of 12 Street and Independence Avenue, S.W. Stay tuned for more details about the vendors selected for the USDA Farmers Market at Night, debuting on Friday, June 3, at 4 p.m. in the same location. The USDA Farmers Market at Night will run every Friday, June to September, from 4 p.m. to 7 p.m. More information about both markets will be available online at or follow us on Twitter @USDA_AMS #USDAFarmersMkt.
AMS supports farmers markets in communities across the country through grants, research and technical assistance. AMS plays a key role in USDA’s Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative, which coordinates the Department's work to develop local and regional food systems. Under this Administration, USDA has invested more than $1 billion in more than 40,000 local and regional food businesses and infrastructure projects.
See you on opening day!!
Write a Response
I just love organic food and look forward to visiting the USDA farmers market.
Michael
Even though there a ton of great markets in Madison, WI I definitely wish I lived in D.C. so that I could take advantage of this one too!Data size：4696.4696 MB
Download：7419 download
sex tnaflix
- support：Android/IOS
- Classification：mobile game
- Data size：4696.4696 MB
- Version：8211.8211.8211
- Score：2372
- Developer：bp.sex
- Downloads：9640
- release：2021-11-27 11:29:44
Free Download
#sex tnaflix screenshot
sex tnaflix:Trump announces that the United States is withdrawing from the Iran nuclear agreement Macron: France, Germany and Britain express regret
"Ma Yeah, if Mordred can be said to be a favorite of acting like this, are you Barcelona playing a drama on the stadium?" They don't have the rule of not eating and sleeping, they start chatting as they eat. But goalkeeper Weidenfeller just slapped the ball out, and the cheers of Real Madrid fans were like being choked. They were so blushing that they wanted to rush up and kick the ball into the goal net. What Mordred didn't know was that he was taken a picture when he got off the plane, and the huge font on it dominated the headline.,bp.sex,Before Mordred finished talking, Modric did not choose to retreat uncharacteristically. Instead, he just got up with No. 8 in front of him. "And my leg will have nerve pain, because of that punishment, my leg is actually intact now, and my brain thinks he should be in pain." choot mari k,Real Madrid is not only not nervous, but there is a feeling of eagerness to try. The moment he stepped on that turf, the fans all gave him roaring applause and cheers.Mourinho is standing next to the linesman, his eyes scanned on the court like a eagle, and everyone in Real Madrid running on the court sometimes takes a look to see if he wants to change.,alien hentai Those who weren't hurt secretly thanked themselves, and paid special attention to their own physical management.
sex tnaflix Sitting on the bus, Mordred looked at the customs of Iraq. The children kicked a football ball made out of newspapers with a smile on their faces. The women wrapped their faces very strictly and hurriedly walked past them. , The eyes are a little dull. lucy li fuck ." Mordred, who was planning to watch his teammates game at home, received a Coca-Cola ad for some reason..",This veteran team has achieved very good results in the league and is now in fourth place. bdsm nude,Mordred , who was tumbling on the bed, suddenly lit up , "Yeah! I can go shopping after making so much money recently!" Mordred suddenly jumped off the bed and just put on two clothes. Ready to go out.
bp.sex Mordred stretched out his hand to hug the mother, and his warm embrace gradually calmed his nervous heart.,"Why should Mordred give him the ball? He is the king of heaven, I, in that case, Zheng Zhi has an advantage!",sex tnaflixThe first 126 chapters lifetime,porn fatty This made the Mallorca player dumbfounded, this kid is not as arrogant as he imagined.
I don’t know how many people walked by Chris, so he was defeated by a simple hug. The original principles were so rotten in his stomach, he stretched out his sturdy arms and hugged Mordred with his generous chest. Gives a sense of security. Seeing his tangled look, Chris tugged his hair to draw his thoughts back.,mallu milf.,megan sage Mordred ran to ?zil for the first time, holding on to his preparation to get up and his face was horrified, "Are you okay! Is there any injury? Is the ankle uncomfortable?"He believes that Mr. will not go on, because he is Merris who is pursued by thousands of people.,pornleach The central defender was deceived in this way, his body moved almost at the same time as Chris, and it was too late when Chris came back.
...It is to protect our careers, so we can't make the relationship public! Can you not always come up with bad ideas? Mordred's eyes were as bright as a searchlight, "Thank you Doyle, when you come to Spain next time, I will invite you to dinner, or I will make it myself?",hd xxx big Anthony almost laughed at the kid's performance, really when he couldn't see it, right? Little bastard, you have to suffer today. Everyone, just let me update it _(: з”∠ )_ , I suddenly got busy today, and I didn’t have time to update. I got up and updated a bit in the middle of the night."Hey, Chris, what's the matter?" Rao is that everyone in Real Madrid has a big heart, and he rubbed his ears by the battle.,momsonfuck When Kaka heard Mordred's words, his eyes were a little dazed. After regaining his senses, Kaka, who was always gentle, squeezed Mordred's shoulders with his hands, "Is it true that you are telling me? It is 50% successful." rate!" It's a pity that he didn't notice that the other party accidentally released the flood, and said to Chris with a look of surprise: "Look, I can run past you! Sooner or later I will be as tall as you!""Yes, who makes you the most familiar to me, and there are a lot of shortcomings, who am I not targeting you?",real porn .
momsonfuck The author has something to say: The author has something to say:,"."Mordred kissed the little mini face, "My brother likes you very much, is there anything you want to eat? My brother will bring you next time." Shaking his head helplessly, this is football... "Mr. Mourinho, are you satisfied with today's game?",sex pornhubeBut at that time he had already retired. sexy xxx mom "It's fine to eat. Except for the athletes who eat with me, whoever suffers, can't eat anything in their mouths. The game will be in two days. I should take a good rest and prepare for the." lerotica Mendes felt that the relationship between the two of them was weird, but did not stop it, so he sent the two to Mordred's house, and when he learned about their relationship afterwards, Mendes knocked his heart to death. .Chris is sometimes curious about what he likes about this kind of guy, but every time he is like this, he always wants to indulge him.,tullu tunne The author has something to say:
sex ind the second half of the game started again, the morale of Real Madrid and Dortmund was much higher, and they hated to fill the opposite side with ten goals in the next second. The players all know that everyone is sluggish when they get off the court, and they are not in a hurry at all.,Although Mourinho was ridiculed by the newspapers as a MLM coach, it does not mean that he has no real talents. . —————— Football is an 11- man sport. It is absolutely impossible to play alone in this top-level league. If you hold him so high now, you will get worse when you fall.,com porn Mordred was moved by his words, but this did not prevent him from teasing Chris, "Is this the reason your garage is full of luxury cars?" Calculate carefully that everyone present is older than him. If he was 18 years old , he would study hard in China and play in the family harbor.fuck sex gif new hot xxx Just as Mordred was about to have a myocardial infarction, something that almost short-circuited his brain happened...,beach porn Gotze took off the spare jersey that he had already changed. As for the original jersey that he played at the beginning, he has already put away the original jersey.
chinis porn "Mr. Mordred, what do you think of Cristiano Ronaldo?" The Portuguese reporter asked again, and they are most concerned about their own stars.Mordred rubbed the dog's soft fur, his heart was better, and he comforted himself. You can see Chris comforted him a few times, and he made sure that he was okay and his lover was still very caring. Mordred's words made the black guy's eyes lit up, his hands hurt because he didn't control Mordred's neck.,Hao Junmin and Li Weifeng, who watched the whole process, looked at each other, "It seems that his scumbag has a considerable influence on him."The two looked at each other and made sure that they were right, and said: "I remember the sharp eyes of the defender that Mordred played last time. Mourinho dared to put Mordred in the backcourt this time?",No matter where he goes, there will always be someone guarding him, and Mordred even has the heart to tease himself. Mordred also squeezed a sweat for them. It doesn't matter if the wave is won. As long as the husband wins, he won't say anything. If the wave loses, a champion can tear them up and eat it. Mordred looked at the number on the phone, put his hand on the access button for a long time, and couldn't press it anymore. Hearing these words, Mordred immediately relieved his heart, not his Virgin.,desi armpits Mordred ignored him and ran forward. I feel that I, as c Lo blowing very qualified, because I wrote Mike Mussina words of praise do not like money, like Caesar _ (: з "∠ ) _ .,Let Mordred feel confused, doesn't his mother usually want to hold the phone and chat with him on the phone? What happened today.Although Mordred's words are not perfect, they are not wrong.,tarzen xxxOzil did not dribble the ball at all after making some adjustments, and another long pass was passed directly to Chris.
ffm porn Water god, Pepe, Iker captain, who sat together , to comment on the change Mordred this time. Another example is Arsenal, the gunner who is driven into a desperate situation and will explode. He can't play until he earns four. Once he earns four, he is as beautiful as crazy football.,—————— Chapter 100 Fighting Bilbal Athletic Again Mordred looked at the empty training ground around him, really admiring Kaka's ability to open his eyes and tell lies. Anthony chuckled , waved his hand the whole team Atletico big change , both from the original offensive and defensive , turned into a full-scale attack.,fastfuck The fans on both sides held the Chinese flag tightly and witnessed this moment with their eyes. Garcia is like a hedgehog with exploded hairs, Mordred will not only go against the hair, but also follow the hair.Later, after hearing his parents explain the ins and outs, he became silent, and he began to seriously think about whether he should let her free if they were really inappropriate.,best hd sex Mordred looked down at his watch and the doorbell rang. bp.sex
shakeela six Mordred was lying on the sofa with milk while watching the heroic figure of Chris breaking through on TV. Suddenly, there was a blast of noise from his mobile phone, which made him unable to watch the game at all. But Real Madrid didn't have a celebration, everyone was surrounded by Mordred. Mendes is also a human being, knowing what Mordred wants to do, and inserting a few words from time to time, it doesn't make people feel bored at all. Mordred made a gesture to Mr. Madman to express his understanding, and then Mr. Madman explained some details, and then let them take a good rest.,Mordred sighed, "Sir, forgive me for not being able to accept your request." The reporter looked at Mordred like a hungry wolf, hoping to get more things out of his mouth. —————— Said to meet the world, in fact, to be a model for Lin Yue.,m porne! ? Fans who didn't buy tickets: You can shut up.I really don't know if Mordred is lucky or bad. He joined Real Madrid when he was the strongest in Dream Three, defeated Barcelona and won the support of Real Madrid fans., Only those who know Anthony know that what he admires most is his own theory. But what if you have time, the two young men who were squeezed by Zhou's skin have never been in love at all, and the whole thing is a salted fish nest on the sofa. cfnm home "Yeah." Mourinho disliked him for being unstable, but he agreed. sex tnaflix The game played almost faster than the Derby, and just a few minutes after the start, Real Madrid and Grafi got a yellow card one after another.
milf comics Even weak teams themselves will pose a turtle formation. But Real Madrid has great wealth! The thickness of the bench is enough for rotation.,"This is too big, not as comfortable as my little Chris." After speaking, there was a busy tone on the phone, and Mordred covered his mouth without laughing. ———————— It happened to be late in the United States, and she interrupted Mordred's narration, "Get a good rest and do your best. Don't force yourself too much." A few words broke up the peace just now, making the atmosphere suddenly tense.,16porn Mordred took the pen and the contract, and signed the name without flicking the pen. Mordred put his phone on the table with great preoccupation, and smiled when facing them, "It's okay, I still have a bit of status in Real Madrid, although training is definitely indispensable."It is also possible that Mendes was comforted by the invisible care of these two people , his expression slowed down a lot , and his tone was not as angry as he was last night , "How long have you two been together?" Then Chris pressed him, "Ricardo, it's a bit bad for you to speak out at this time." These are not considered now, and now they just have to cheer up.,porn fatty.
xxx 3d video The most watched La Liga is probably Real Madrid and Barcelona, ??but the purchasing power of Atletico fans has also risen during this period. The two fans quarrelled like this, and Mordred hung up the trumpet and watched the show.,There is also a professional horse trainer by the side, just in case something goes wrong. Chapter 101 Father.,girls.",Mordred knows the other side's love for him, his tone and expression are gentle and messed up, "Sir, I think I still prefer to be a player, when I can't play, how about staying with you as an assistant? " They felt absolutely right the last time. Real Madrid’s defense was full of loopholes. Although they suddenly became stronger just now, they were generally right. From the beginning of this chapter, Merris is no longer a weak person standing behind others. Perhaps he will rely on others but will not want to hide himself. parfect gals This kind of thing is like a snowball, but fans who are attracted to headwind will easily abandon you because they themselves are chasing victory. He doesn't like that team and only likes to watch victory. alien hentai
jolee love People who are a little bit knowledgeable take a breath, because they know the difficulty. The level of these two teams is similar. It can be said that as long as the national football team can win the Japanese team, it is no surprise that Mordred can lead the national football team to win the Australian team.,Chapter 6 Meeting the reporter "During a training session, Captain Cassie was in a very bad condition. Her husband screamed at Captain Cassie. Sarah didn't know how he knew it." what is this? New training plan? Isn't it true that I am fighting to death? The entire first half played very fancy, you come and I go.,sec movies Rao Mordred is like this, these reporters can still find the topic to write, and the one that has received the most attention is the Aspen newspaper. ?""Why make Spaniards like Atletico Madrid?" Mordred upholds the good quality of asking if he doesn't understand, and successfully attracted the attention of Master Pei, as well as ?zil, who came over and looked curious.,sex india Anthony naturally knew that after all the reporters were gone, he stood in front of Mourinho and said: "I still said that, you used Merris's method wrong."sex tnaflix." After all, the good days passed quickly, and it was the time for Mordred to return home, and Chris packed his bags for Mordred. "Sir, don't get angry with me. When I go back, I promise to return you an intact Merris. What do you think? And the training is doubled?" Mordred was called the land compensation. Duan Xuan sighed, "It is indeed a coincidence. If the school team had no shortage of people, we might not have seen you. Then how did you go further and further on the road of football?"Kristian Borring Quartet Silent Storm Release Tour
Kristian Borring and his band will be touring the UK this autumn. Check out the album page here and the dates below!
23rd August – The Spotted Dog, Birmingham
24th August – SUJC, Bournemouth
30th August – Pizza Express, Soho, London
31st August – The Lescar, Sheffield
7th September – Dempsey’s, Cardiff
11th September – Jazz East, Felixstowe
18th September – Future Inn, Bristol
20th September – Southampton Jazz ClubWEDNESDAY • 20
AZITA
RADICALLY MELODIC
As a member of theatrical noise outfits the Scissor Sisters and Bride of No No, Azita Youssefi made a name for herself as a seminal member of Chicago's famed early '90s no-wave scene. But her current first-name-only solo artist stint, which began with the LP Enantiodromia in 2003, finds her exploring more tuneful territory with piano-based songs that are decidedly pop, if an unorthodox strain that'll no doubt appeal more to fellow musicians than to the standard record store customer. Her latest, this year's How Will You?, was finally completed after a five-year span that saw Azita juggling numerous side projects, including touring with Will Oldham and composing the score to a musical. She'll perform her dreamy, dynamic din with Wrekmeister Harmonies at 8 p.m. at the UFO Factory, 1345 Division St., Ste. 101, Detroit; ufofactory.com.
WEDNESDAY-THURSDAY • 20-21
IT CAME FROM DETROIT
GARAGE, UNCUT
Brew & View, the weekly movie bar night at the venerable Magic Bag, hosts the area premiere of the director's cut of the documentary It Came From Detroit. Directed by James R. Petix and produced by Sarah Babilia, the film details the hyped rise and ignored demise of Detroit's garage-rock scene through interviews with more than 100 artists, including the likes of Mick Collins of the Dirtbombs and Jason Stollsteimer of the Von Bondies. The film debuted in a rough form in 2006 at the DFT and was most recently screened at the Music Doc Festival in Sweden. Rock like it's 1999, at the Magic Bag, 22920 Woodward Ave., Ferndale; 248-544-3030; $6; doors at 8 p.m.
THURSDAY • 21
HOBO FILM FESTIVAL
RAIL WARRIORS
The sepia-toned glamour of riding the rails is ingrained in American pop culture, from the writings of Kerouac to the songs of Guthrie. But boxcar-hitching hobos aren't a thing of the past — illegal rail hopping is alive and well, as evidenced by many of the short films showcased at the annual Hobo Film Fest. Organized by North Carolina-based Agency Films, the festival highlights both the romantic allure and incipient dangers of the hobo lifestyle. The program includes Irish filmmaker John T. Davis' epic 1991 documentary, Hobo, as well as a number of shorts. At 7 p.m. at the Dreamland Theater, 26 N. Washington St., Ypsilanti; 734-657-2337; $7.
THURSDAY • 21
LIVE IN TIME
MIND-BLOWING MEDIA-MIXING
Who's to say how Movement 2009 shakes down? Could storm, could be hot as hell, could be a bust, could transcend your perspective on sweat, community, headspace and beats per minute. The constant is that we must account for the Detroit Electronic Music Festival's propensity to wear you out. And like any workout, you gotta stretch first.
Enter Live in Time, a tercet of inter-media art performances exploring the ways in which sound creates image and image creates sound. Virgil Moorfield will be bringing an entire sound lab with him — high-tech audio system, digital projectors and super-computers specialized for live performance, along with a full set of general rock ware. His new synchronized audio-video piece will project onto multiple screens, making for quite an encompassing experience.
Chris McNamara (of Thinkbox), with Jennifer A. Paull and MT scribe Walter Wasacz make up nospectacle, a team working together to shape dubs and drones with bottomed-out bass hums and a frantic stream of evocative imagery.
Rounding out the evening is Merge, a duo born out of the new Media Arts program at the University of Michigan. Alvin Hill and Colin Zykowski also dig deep into the aural-visual exchange. Both are accomplished musicians and inventive ones at that. Merge uses stuff they've invented themselves to make new sounds and images, programming live electronic music with 3D art, abstract image and live video.
Judy Adams provides added soundscapes. Doors at 7 p.m. at the Detroit Film Theatre inside the Detroit Institute of Arts, 5200 Woodward Ave., Detroit; 313-833-7900. Tickets available at the box office and at dia.org.
THURSDAY-SATURDAY • 21-23
ANGELS IN AMERICA
DEBUT THEATRICS
Nascent theater company art4artillery, founded by three Wayne State students, presents its ambitious premiere production, Tony Kushner's Pulitzer-winning play Angels in America. Company co-founder Kyle Holton created an original adaptation of the astounding and critically acclaimed two-part, seven-hour epic which discusses the onset of the AIDS crisis in America, as well as politics and morality at the advent of the millennium (a lighthearted romp this is not). At 8 p.m. each night, with additional performances at 8 p.m. on May 28, 29 and 30. At the Russell Industrial Center, 1600 Clay Ave., Building 4, Detroit; 313-872-4000; admission by donation. An afterglow reception will take place both opening and closing nights.
FRIDAY • 22
PEACHES
SLICK & STICKY
Forcing raw sexuality to the forefront has always been Peaches' forte. The Berlin-based, Canadian-bred electro-punk vet has never shied away from the raunchiest of lyrics for her dance floor beats. But her music is almost secondary to the message, which comes on full-throttle during her beyond over-thetop live shows which have been known to feature the vicious vixen wearing a jumpsuit complete with glowing crotch, dancers dressed as lampshades, Peaches levitating across the stage or simply just cussing into the mic with a growl and a smirk that can mesmerize the most naive of spectators. She performs in support of her latest LP I Feel Cream at the Majestic Theater, 4140 Woodward Ave., Detroit; 313-833-9700; all ages.
FRIDAY • 22
PHIL KLINE'S ZIPPO SONGS
POEMS FROM THE FRONT
During the Vietnam War, American GIs inscribed their Zippo lighters with terse sayings, from the morbidly humorous to the mystically hopeful. New York City-based composer Phil Kline, whose career has included writing music for orchestras composed of boom boxes and iPods, used 26 of these brief poems to create Zippo Songs, described by Alex Ross of The New Yorker as "one of the most brutally frank song cycles ever penned." The otherworldly music and oddly echoing vocals make it seem as if the soldiers are speaking from the afterlife, providing a chilling commentary on the despair and depravity of war. Featuring vocals by Theo Bleckmann — a "mad genius" says Downbeat — who's proved he can sing anything from Charles Ives to bop to alien sounds for the Men In Black soundtrack. At 7 & 8:30 p.m. at the Detroit Institute of Arts, 5200 Woodward Ave., Detroit; 313-833-7900.
FRIDAY • 22
MEDESKI MARTIN & WOOD
A PHISH STORY
On an early disc in the early '90s, they did a medley of Bob Marley's "Lively Up Yourself" and Thelonious Monk's "Bemsha Swing," and covered a King Sunny Adé juju classic along with a Coltrane composition, and tossed in freaky-leaning originals, one of them apparently a shout-out to Sly Stone. Not your typical keyboards-bass-drums trio. And in subsequent years they've upped the freak factor. Thanks to Phish playing them as intermission music, they caught on with jam band fans as well as with the more predictable fans of outré jazz. In fact, few bands have been so successful — artistically and commercially — in snagging followers from both of those two camps. "Very surreal," says bassist Chris Wood. With the Wood Brothers at the Sound Board in the Motor City Casino, 2901 Grand River Ave., Detroit; 313-237-7711 Doors at 7, show at 8 p.m. $32-$37.
SATURDAY-MONDAY • 23-25
CIVIL WAR REMEMBRANCE
THE 1860s ALIVE!
Memorial Day was originally created to honor Union soldiers who died during the Civil War, so it's only appropriate to take a break from grilling and trek through the Civil War era at the Henry Ford. The weekend includes an exhibit of Civil War artifacts, a historical fashion show, military reenactments, live music, theatrical presentations, scads of hands-on activities and a recognition ceremony for current members of the military and veterans. At Greenfield Village, 20900 Oakwood Blvd., Dearborn; 313-271-1570, a complete schedule for the weekend can be found at hfmgv.org.
SUNDAY • 24
GINO ROBAIR 10-PIECE CONDUCTION
CONDUCTIONIST SAYS, ALL-ABOARD
Last week we reviewed the New York band Burnt Sugar as rare practitioners of "conduction," an approach to music wherein a hand-signaling leader guides groups of musicians through improvisation the way a traditional baton-waver leads musicians through a composed score. Believe us, it can be more visceral than it sounds. To the best of our knowledge, the system has only been displayed here during Sugar's two tour stops in the last decade — until now. West Coast conductionist Gino Robair gives the hand signs for this tenet featuring Ian Ding (DSO and New Music Detroit), Charlie Draheim (from the post-Wolf Eyes Michigan noise underground) and some familiar out-improvisers including Mike Khoury and Ben Hall. At 8 p.m. at Contemporary Art Institute of Detroit (CAID), 5141 Rosa Parks, Detroit; 313-899-2243.
ONGOING
I HAVE A CRAVING FOR YOU
SEXUALITY (DE)CONSTRUCTED
I Have a Craving for You explores gay sexuality through ceramic objects by Howard Kottler and the sculptures of Aaron Peterman. The late Kottler began using ceramics to explore sexuality in the '60s, finding inspiration in the lowbrow. Works from his "ball and shaft" series (oh my!) and a selection of his famed decal plates are on display. Recent Cranbrook grad Peterman uses images from the Internet to create patterns representing facets of gay culture that he then forms into sculptures and installations. Two of his works are exhibited — Hanky Codex, which references colored bandanas worn to reflect particular sexual interests, and Harem, a work comprising five totemic structures containing repeated sexual images. On display through June 6, at Paul Kotula Projects, 23255 Woodward Ave., Ferndale; 248-544-3020.Be a better…
July 31, 2008
[display_podcast]
Blog Categories
Archives
Links
Shopping Cart
Recent Posts
- How to Find ‘The Goods’ To Persevere
- Great Leaders are Master Storytellers
- Grown Up or Adult? The Grit Test.
- Your Board of Connectors
- The Best Book
- Ritual Success
- Your Brand is Spider Silk
- The only choice is BRAVE over Blah.
- Standards
- What Level Are You On?
- Prove it.
- The Leaders & Lovers Ratio
- Are You Better Than Jim?
- Over Heard – The Secret Skill of Transformative Leaders
- 1 Thing Great Leaders DoBecause Of Endless Hours of Research…
These Gold Companies are our Best 4 Recommendations:
Goldco – Our Most Researched Choice
Youtube Investing In Silver
Goldco, additionally known as Goldco Rare-earth elements, is a relied on as well as experienced full-service rare-earth elements company. They specialize in taking care of gold and silver individual retirement account rollovers. They supply precious metals to be marketed directly to their clients also.
Started by Trevor Gerszt in 2006, Goldco’s headquarters lies in Timberland Hills, California.
Because their starting, Goldco has actually been supplying precious metals services to their clients, helping them secure, shield, and also expand their investments as well as wide range.
The firm has actually received recognition from various publications. In 2015, it was named by Inc. Publication as the third fastest-growing monetary services firm in the united state
Moreover, it was likewise named by the Los Angeles Service Journal as the 17th fastest-growing company in the better L.A. area.
Goldco Solutions
Goldco concentrates on both gold and silver IRAs. In addition, these are the 3 significant services that it can use to its customers.
Valuable Metals IRA
To be eligible for Goldco’s Priceless Metals IRA, you must have made a revenue and must be under age 70 and also fifty percent. Goldco both supplies silver and gold Individual retirement accounts.
Moreover, following the internal revenue service regulations, Goldco shops its IRA rare-earth elements via a third party, state-of-the-art vault.
For its individual retirement account custodian, Goldco makes use of Equity Trust Company.
Non-IRA Priceless Metals
Unlike the IRA Precious Metals alternative, anyone can purchase any kind of non-IRA Precious Metals without satisfying any type of required age or earnings.
Once you have actually bought rare-earth elements, you have the option to have them stored in a secure vault, or delivered straight to your residence.
Goldco consumer evaluations as well as complaints
One of the locations Goldco takes pride in is its client service. They take their customer care seriously, as well as clients feel it from when they decide to engage the firm when opening an account and long after.
The company gets 5-star scores for fees, prices, track record, solution, as well as knowledge.
Clients get lifetime white-glove solution, access to an excellent buyback program, numerous storage space choices, a 5% refund in steel on orders over $50,000, and a cost waiver for the very first year for orders above $50,000.
Essentially, feedback from Goldco financiers is positive. Many clients seem pleased with the product or services offered by the company. In August 2020, Goldco became an accredited business by getting the BBB score with a TrustScore of 4.7/ 5 based upon comments received from more than 500 financiers. Far, there are no registered complaints concerning the business on the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
Customers also reveal their enthusiasm with the way Goldco handles its documentation. The company directly deals with all paperwork called for when signing up for a Gold IRA account. This way, the customer does not need to contact IRA custodians or storage space centers.
Adverse consumer reviews
Most of the unfavorable reviews about Goldco stem from a misunderstanding of value computations and exactly how the rare-earth elements market operates.
Especially, one of the most typical grievance concerning Goldco has to do with the worth of collectible coins. Most people do not comprehend that the value of collectible coins is noted in the thaw value. This refers to the worth of metal if it is melted. This indicates that the coin value is not a representation of the current market price, which is the value of the solid coin.
When clients understand the difference in worth appropriation, many adverse testimonials are modified to favorable greater ranking evaluations. This goes to show that there are no negative reviews on Goldco yet since a lot of them originate from a misunderstanding on the financier’s part, for which the business is more than happy to clear up.
Goldco rare-earth elements solutions
Goldco supplies a vast array of precious metal brokerage firm services, running within the internal revenue service guidelines. On top of its brokerage solutions, the business also invests in rare-earth elements and sells them in the marketplace.
Some of the products offered include:
• Gold individual retirement account– Goldco uses Gold individual retirement account solutions. They lead on the offered alternatives for buying gold.
• Silver individual retirement account– if you want buying silver, Goldco has the expertise to direct you with the process of opening and also taking care of a silver IRA account.
• 401k rollover– Goldco supplies rollover services for anyone interested in transferring their 401k into a precious metal IRA.
• Roth as well as conventional IRA preparation– Goldco can compare conventional and also Roth IRA and help in rollovers.
• Basic individual retirement account planning– Goldco uses easy IRA account opening up advice, ensuring you comprehend the guidelines for simple IRAs.
• SEP IRA Preparation– Goldco has the knowledge to provide clarifications on SEP IRAs, including contribution restrictions and also qualification requirements.
Who has GoldCo Direct?
Trevor Gerszt is the creator as well as CEO of Goldco, a precious metals supplier situated in LA specializing in developing wealth with security by investing in gold for retirement or various other possessions like stocks with greater potential returns. Offering a selection of financial investment accounts so you can choose just how much to handle based on what appropriates for your comfort along with neighborhood law, GoldCo straight has been called among Inc 500’s top 5 companies over the last twenty years.
What does GoldCo do?
If you are trying to find a secure financial investment with one of the most relied on IRA companies in the market, GoldCo is for you.
GoldCo is just one of the fastest-growing acclaimed gold suppliers in America, but they are not such as most various other firms. GoldCo uses clients precious metals IRA solutions whereby they can roll over their existing Individual retirement accounts, 401( K) as well as 401 (b) account right into a new account with GoldCo so they can invest in precious metals IRA.
Why should you select to invest your retired life financial savings in an individual retirement account that spends exclusively in rare-earth elements like silver or gold?
For starters, it is necessary to expand your portfolio and secure versus rising cost of living. The worth of paper money had decreased by more than 95% because 1913, when the Federal Book was created! Purchasing physical gold will help guard your hard-earned riches from this decrease. You might also want to think about investing some of your retirement funds into silver or platinum as well because these two metals have actually traditionally been excellent hedges against rising cost of living as well as being great investments in their very own.
Youtube Investing In Silver
With a GoldCo Priceless Metals individual retirement account, you never ever require to fret about market volatility or variations since all 3 types of metal are backed by real properties– unlike stocks and bonds, which count on faith in that firm alone!
2. AUGUSTA PRECIOUS METALS
What is Augusta Precious Metals?
Augusta Precious Metals exists as a family-owned as well as precious metals supplier and also gold IRA services provider that has near half a century of experience in business. This is a company that is truly-service oriented, as well as is trusted by hundreds of American patriots. It is one that a substantial variety of individuals have selected as a relied on partner in their trip in the direction of the production of riches, as well as in guaranteeing that their retired life years are arranged by investing with gold IRAs.
This company has been assisting these financiers to open up self-directed rare-earth elements IRAs, in addition to to buy silver and gold in deals that are not associated with the opening of the SDIRAs.
How to Open Your Precious Metals IRA account on Augusta Priceless Metals?
Opening your IRA with this firm happens to be quite very easy. You can accomplish it within 3 very easy as well as simple steps.
You can receive the advice of a representative that are experienced with Individual retirement account opening. The representatives generally assist clients that connect to them to make IRS-approved choices that will help them achieve their financial investment purposes. The options are in the kind of silver and gold coins that are minted by preferred mints as well as treasury divisions. Right here are 3 steps that you need to adhere to:
Open up an account/ self-directed individual retirement account- Augusta Precious Metals normally suggests that you collaborate with any one of the adhering to custodians:
Equity Trust
Goldstar Trust fund
Kingdom Count on
The above-listed firms are some of the best ones that you will discover in the market, owing to their high degree of integrity, as well as compliance.
Sending out cash to your account– You can do this by transferring some money from your bank account, or by making a gold IRA rollover from your existing IRA.
Purchasing silver and gold– You will become requested to purchase silver and gold for the newly created individual retirement account. The precious metals are normally stored inside a center that is insured.
Augusta Precious Metals usually supplies both silver and gold, in various types of rare-earth elements such as bullions and also bars.
Pros
When we went around looking for the very best gold IRA firms, there were lots of points we tried to find. First off, was product understanding as well as experience (in this instance rare-earth elements). We have yet to discover a firm that goes to the level of education and learning that this business does, which receives the customer fulfillment rankings we have actually discovered around the internet.
Youtube Investing In Silver
Education And Learning as well as Customer Satisfaction
Augusta Valuable Metals lays fantastic emphasis on consumer education and also fulfillment. They have a library which contains 5 in-depth articles on various subjects such as inflation, protection, effective diversification and the benefits of possessing silver as well as gold.
Their internet site has a source and also tools food selection full of current information in the marketplace nad graphes for precious metals costs. One more major benefit of Augusta Priceless Metals is that they supply low prices for a lot of their precious metals besides waiving charges on rare-earth elements Individual retirement accounts. It additionally provides free delivery to every one of its clients.
Storage and Buyback program
Augusta Rare-earth element works together with International Depository Service (IDS) and Brinks Global Solutions for their gold and silver storage. This implies the company likes giving its customers with premium solutions by linking them to respectable firms in the country. The storage firms mainly operate in Ontario, The Golden State, Utah, Delaware, Idaho and New York City.
Augusta Rare-earth elements additionally provides its clients the option of offering back their bought items If you formerly acquired Gold or Silver from them, you can still resell it at a competitive price. You will not find such kind of deals with a lot of the rare-earth element suppliers.
Financial investment items
Augusta Priceless Metals is proud in the sort of investment items it supplies to its clientele that include silver and also gold bullion coins and bars. There are additionally various classifications of precious metals that you can choose from.
They, nonetheless, do not have palladium as well as platinum– yet can still prepare them for customers who are interested. The company also supplies a variety of premium collectable silver and gold coins.
Augusta Priceless Metals costs
Some precious metals have a higher volatility price compared to others. It is for that reason essential to speak to the business on the costs of the type of item you want prior to starting the purchase. A consumer has to make a minimal investment of at least $5,000 to begin trading silver and also gold at Augusta Valuable Metals. There is however no optimum investment.
Cons
Augusta Valuable Metals has a whole lot of good points to offer to its clients, one of the negative aspects is that you can just invest launched the gold firm with an objective to aid American capitalists diversify their retirement cost savings into physical gold and silver. One area where this business stands apart from some rivals is their commitment to education and learning and transparency.
Devlyn Steele, the company’s Supervisor of Education leads a team dedicated entirely to informing Americans concerning the relevance of diversification in different assets. While the majority of precious metals firms have actually academic sources found on their company site, Augusta puts together one-on-one conferences with people that request their gold IRA overviews and also info sets. This strategy of independently informing each prospective customer is distinct to what we see used by some of their competitors.
Joe Montana – Star Endorsement
Numerous gold IRA dealerships incorporate celeb recommendations in their advertising and marketing efforts. Birch Gold Team prior to suggesting the firm.
Intrigued in safeguarding his own savings from financial unpredictability, Montana asked his team of economists to research gold dealerships and locate a business that he can trust. After doing due persistance, they suggested he deal with Augusta Precious Metals.
Joe Montana requested their details kit and also spoke to Devlyn Steele. He ended up getting silver and gold with the business, had a favorable experience with the firm, and at some point became their representative.
Services and products
Augusta Precious Metals is mostly a gold individual retirement account company. The meat of their service focuses on assisting Americans rollover or transfer 401( k) or individual retirement account funds into precious metals. They do however, also facilitate straight purchases with delivery to clients across all 50 states.
The focus on other precious metals such as platinum and palladium, however can assist in these investments if the customer requests them.
Just how Does a Gold IRA Job?
When opening up a gold IRA, there are generally 3 events entailed. If you determine to work with Augusta, your scenario would look like this:
the Gold individual retirement account firm (Augusta PM).
the self-directed IRA custodian (Equity Depend on).
the third-party vault storage space company (Delaware Vault or Brinks). In other words, most traditional IRA or 401( k) custodians can not help with alternative investments like physical gold and silvers. So you can’t just purchase gold as well as have them supplied to your employer-sponsored pension.
This have to be taken care of by means of a self-directed individual retirement account (SDIRA).
Youtube Investing In Silver
The IRS likewise bans straight ownership of IRA financial investments – so you require a 3rd party gold depository or vault storage company in order to acquire precious metals without activating a taxable event …
Augusta Precious Metals has established connections with Equity Trust fund and Brinks or the Delaware Depository for storage. While they can collaborate with the custodian as well as vault company of your selection, the dealership deals with these two firms on a daily basis, making the entire procedure structured and also easy.
3. NOBLE GOLD
Noble Gold Testimonial
With Noble Gold, customers get an IRA rollover procedure that’s easily integrated with professional guidance on how to buy rare-earth elements. By talking to various other financial experts in the market, they’re able to provide a series of services to assist their clients.
Noble Gold additionally has a buyback program, through which consumers are provided the choice to sell their shares back to the business if they so choose. This includes a “No-Quibble” element of it, meaning you won’t have any kind of difficulty marketing their shares if that’s the best investment choice for them.
With their fast and also easy individual retirement account established, clients can see their retirement cost savings start expanding asap. And also with shipment solutions directly to your house or PO box, every purchase as well as communication with the company is made as convenient as possible.
Noble Gold’s IRA Qualities
With Noble Gold, the process of rolling over an individual retirement account for gold and also various other precious metals could not be less complicated. The setup takes very little time to complete, as well as experienced professionals are there to stroll you via every step of the means.
A gold IRA rollover includes moving your pension over to a self-directed IRA. These sorts of Individual retirement accounts are particularly created to hold physical gold as well as other kinds of precious metals.
These are IRS-approved vaults verified to maintain your financial investments safeguard.
Noble Gold offers Individual retirement accounts that aid you produce a much more varied plan for retired life through the investment of gold.
A well-rounded retirement plan is crucial for any person that wishes to be sure that they’ll have the methods to sustain themselves and their liked ones pleasantly with retired life.
The process generally begins with a simple form that’s readily available online. You can complete as much of the form as you really feel comfy with – it does not need to be filled in completely or perfectly prior to sending it in.
If there are any problems or additional questions, a Noble Gold rep will certainly communicate to complete the process. Or, if on-line kinds aren’t your design, you can constantly contact Noble Gold straight and also talk with a genuine individual today.
With the help of a representative, you’ll be walked through different precious metal choices, all of which are accepted for IRA financial investments by the IRS. Gold IRAs can be funded with money or surrendered from an IRA or retirement account you already have.
Gold IRAs are special from other IRAs as a result of the nature of their storage space needs. Via their collaboration with the International Vault Solutions as well as insurance via Lloyd’s of London, Noble Gold offers peace of mind for your investments.
With accessibility to an online account given by Equity Institutional that’s personal and also secure, capitalists have access to their holdings any time.
This freedom to check on your investments at any moment of day is a big part of the comfort that Noble Gold supplies its clients.
Youtube Investing In Silver
Royal Survival Packs
With this alternative, Noble Gold offers clients with a mix of precious metals that have been chosen particularly with their special demands in mind.
Royal Survival Packs have the advantage of maintaining their worth also during occasions of prevalent calamity.
Noble Gold is among the initial gold individual retirement account companies to offer this sort of item that has emergency situation response specifically in mind.
Royal Survival Packs
By using the competence of highly trained rare-earth element specialists, your mixture of holdings is curated to have the highest value as well as be finest suited for your financial investment requirements.
These sorts of financial investments are essential in the event of an extensive calamity because they can be made use of as money in those circumstances.
This mixture of one of the most common ranges of bullion, silver, and also gold comes to the proprietor at a moment’s notice, which is vital in the event of a catastrophe.
The Priceless Metals Bush
Gold and silver have long been seen as an obvious inflation hedge, however rates have continued to be stubbornly in place for nearly a year.
Both metals rallied early throughout the coronavirus situation, yet they’ve been stationary for near a year.
Some investors see a feasible disconnect in between current rising cost of living patterns and also the cost of silver and gold, and also many people are adding precious metals to their profile in hopes that they’ll remain in an excellent setting if the marketplace begins to panic.
If the buck falls down, do you really assume you can offer your gold ETF and pull out cash?
Worst yet, some scammy firms don’t also allow you to take physical possession of “your” so-called silver and gold properties.
The choice is to purchase as well as store the metals on your own.
Nevertheless, getting physical rare-earth elements has its very own collection of challenges, not the least of which is tax-related.
You generally can not cross out physical gold acquisitions, and also missing those reductions might cost you a whole lot at tax obligation time.
The second most substantial issue is safety and security since you need to safeguard your physical gold once you buy it.
Prices can consist of safes, insurance policy, video cameras, firearms, or whatever else you require to secure your investment from bad actors that would be more than pleased to eliminate you of your rare-earth elements.
This is why lots of choose to store their rare-earth elements with respectable rare-earth elements IRA firms, Like Noble Gold.
Is Noble Gold Legit?
Noble Gold is an established business with an excellent record of truthful organization techniques.
On its web site, Noble boasts that it is the # 1 relied on gold IRA business in the united state, and also it has hundreds of first-class reviews to support the claim.
Noble Gold has a nearly excellent luxury score on Customer Affairs.
Plus, the Better Business Bureau gives it an A- score with a BBB Accredited Service seal of approval too.
The firm has actually also been featured on developed media electrical outlets like Fox News Radio and also the Next Information Network.
Client assesses report exceptional service experiences with Noble Gold’s team.
Noble Gold Is Different than Various Other Gold IRA Business
The rare-earth element sector is known for high-pressure sales strategies, however we really did not see any Noble Gold assesses that grumbled concerning it.
There are lots of scams in the rare-earth elements globe, yet you don’t require to worry about obtaining duped with this company.
This is a genuine business with a comprehensive set of five-star consumer recommendations as well as an excellent BBB ranking.
One point is sure, Noble Gold isn’t a scam.
Noble Gold Investments Frequently Asked Questions
Does Noble Gold use residence distribution?
Noble Gold has seen a boost popular for residence delivery of gold acquisitions worldwide.
While we suggest saving precious metals off-site due to security worries, Noble Gold can deliver packages fully wrapped and also insured. A trademark is needed upon invoice so your precious metals will certainly be swiped if a plan is left at the door.
How do I recognize Noble Gold will keep my rare-earth elements secure in the depository?
A deserving partner of Noble Gold, IDS provides modern, secured precious metals storage. This company is approved by multiple worldwide steel trading exchanges and also keeps your gold or silver insured with Lloyd’s of London.
Where does Noble Gold store Gold IRA financial investments?
Noble Gold stores steel for their customers through a third-party business called International Depository Services. IDS has facilities in Texas and Delaware or Ontario, Canada.
What is Noble Gold Investment’s Valuable Metals Buyback program?
As a gold or silver IRA service provider, Noble Gold has a contract that they will certainly buy back your investment if you transform your mind. They also buy the gold or silver from financiers who can’t find a purchaser on the open markets.
Does Noble Gold Investments market any type of rare-earth elements apart from gold and silver?
Yes, Noble Gold also offers platinum as well as palladium coins as well as bars. These are not approved for an IRA account, but agents will certainly aid customers with picking their steels.
Youtube Investing In Silver
In a Nutshell:
Noble Gold are reasonably brand-new precious metals supplier concentrating on silver and gold Individual retirement accounts. Although they likewise offer bullion for distribution and beyond a pension, along with a collection of numismatc and also collectible coins– it’s this individual retirement account specialized for which they’re best understood.
This may soon change nevertheless, as Noble Gold have started hefty promo of their “Survival Packs”, taken care of buck quantity metals financial investments to allow for riches and also personal security during a financial crisis– and also like numerous other gold IRA suppliers they’ve started aiding customers add cryptocurrencies to their portfolios through a sister company Noble IRA.
Internet Site Product & Financial Investment Information
The Noble Gold internet site uses plainly signposted info as well as is well set out in a brochure-like design. All product and services featured comprehensive requirements with choices for visitors to ask for further details with their noted physical guidebook.
They likewise release a vast array of academic details, guides, evaluation and market information and also make extremely sound disagreements for using gold as well as other rare-earth elements in any type of varied portfolio.
4. BIRCH GOLD
What is a rare-earth element individual retirement account for Birch Gold?
A precious metals IRA, or a gold individual retirement account, is a self-directed individual retirement account (individual retirement account) created to purchase non-traditional financial investments like rare-earth element coins, bars, and rounds. This sort of account has been able to save millions for individual investors.
Conventional investment firm can not supply physical silver and gold for a purchaser as part of a retirement portfolio. Among the significant grievances about typical retirement investment companies is the restrictions put on the buyer.
These retirement plans permit the investor to set aside a section of their income for investment in gold bullion bars, silver bullion coins, or various other kinds of precious metals without paying tax obligations on the earnings until they take out those funds upon retired life.
In this Birch Gold Group review, we take a look at the business, its offerings, what we liked, what we did not such as and also whether we would certainly or would not utilize it to buy gold or a gold-backed IRA.
Who is Birch Gold Group?
Established in 2003 and headquartered in Burbank, CA, Birch Gold Group is an online-based firm that provides individuals a chance to buy or sell gold for financial investment functions. The firm markets gold, platinum, palladium as well as silver for either physical placement or a positioning in individual retirement account.
Customers might additionally select to get precious metals as well as use these to offer them a stable and also trusted financial investment for their retired life.
One of Birch Gold Group’s major purposes is to safeguard financiers from rising cost of living, which is an unpreventable scenario brought on by an unstable economy or other uncertain circumstances out there.
What Does Birch Gold Offer?
Birch Gold enables investors to choose from the business’s varied product and services including bullion, coins, IRA rollover solutions and also physical precious metals.
The company’s coin collection includes gold and silver coins that are gotten from reliable sources in the United States and also in Canada. These include the American Eagle, Indian Head Eagle and also the Canadian Maple Leaf bullion as well as coins.
Rating solutions made use of by the firm consist of the ones used by Numismatic Warranty Corporation and also the Specialist Coin Grading Solution for the appropriate evaluation of the coins’ credibility, rare-earth element material, weight and condition.
Moreover, Birch Gold Team offers their items at wholesale as well as retail markets after buying them wholesale.
The business aids secure their clients’ financial investments through extensive education and also aid required to their success. There are additionally rollover services supplied, which can fund clients’ individual retirement account from their 401K.
Birch Gold Team Is Legitimate
Off, when it comes to the leading priceless steels dealerships in the U.S.A., Birch Gold Group has consistently rated in our Leading 3 for over 5 years now. One main point to keep in mind is that they are Valuable Metals IRA experts, that is their main focus and also is what they’re best at.
Birch Gold Group is absolutely not a scam, actually, fairly the contrary. They are among the most legit precious metals dealers in business. There are no well-known pending legal actions presently. There might be a number of problems submitted on score firm sites, however this is normal with any kind of firm, particularly considering the a great deal of customers they have and that the favorable consumer evaluates much surpass the problems.
On the Better Organization Bureau internet site, they have actually had only 8 grievances in the last 3 years, all of which have actually been resolved by the company as well as closed out. This also suggests the high value they position on customers by putting in the time to attempt and also deal with any kind of issues.
Entering into the year 2021, they’ll have stayed in business for 18 years, making them one of the oldest and also most experienced in the market. They’re well-known for their first-rate customer onboarding, education and learning, and also openness. This means you’ll recognize what all the charges are prior to moving forward. They actually are among one of the most trustworthy around.
They have interviewed the leading sector thought leaders consisting of Steve Forbes, Jim Rogers, and also Peter Schiff. Their product offerings contain both straight money purchases (with physical distribution) and also the capacity to roll over qualified tax-deferred retirement savings plans to a Precious Metals IRA, consisting of the following:
Typical, SEP, Roth, and Easy IRAs
Employer-sponsored 401( k) and 403( b).
Both opportunities use the capacity to buy gold, silver, palladium, as well as platinum; offered in the form of bullion coins, rounds, and bars.
Birch Gold Group’s most recent offering prolongs into cryptocurrency safekeeping within your Bitcoin IRA or Crypto IRA. This is done via BitIRA, their spinoff business. The leading crypto coins by market cap are all readily available. These consist of but are not limited to Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), and Ethereum (ETH).
This is just another testament to exactly how they are staying pertinent and also on the cutting edge regarding cutting-edge products that blend the standard financing world with the emerging FinTech market.
What is Right for You?
Every person must make their very own choice when it comes to purchasing rare-earth elements or selecting to open up a gold individual retirement account. There are a range of options, as well as clearly Birch Gold Team has numerous to use.
Those that are brand-new to investing in rare-earth elements or those who are experienced will discover that working with Birch Gold Team is inconvenience complimentary, as well as the reps you work with will happily take their time to guarantee that they help you understand the process.
While every company has their pros and cons, Birch Gold Team has a lot more pros.
We give them a rating of 4.8 out of 5 stars for their determination to inform their consumers, give important material, and also deal special bargains and competitive costs for purchases.
Birch Gold Group uses financial investment minimums for a wide range of budget plans. They likewise make it an indicate share important insight into that is an ideal consumer for their firm. Buying rare-earth elements and opening up a gold IRA is except every person.
Making the effort to review their web site will assist you recognize whether these options are best for your profile. Birch Gold Group is sincere concerning aiding individuals consider their retired life and also planning for their future.
What makes Birch Gold Group unique is their capacity to maintain their acknowledgment as a sector professional and maintain their document of providing exceptional client service. They have ended up being a household name making them the credible selection for precious metals.
Generally, those that are searching for choices to buy precious metals or explore opening up a gold IRA can feel great concerning giving Birch Gold Group the opportunity to offer them.
Constantly take the time to research study precious metals companies online before you make a final decision. Every individual has an one-of-a-kind financial position as well as fantastic care need to be absorbed investigating firms that supply precious metals for physical acquisition, storage, and gold individual retirement account’s.
Finally, make a listing of your financial goals for now and make a note of your long-term vision. Take the time to jot down all of the questions you have pertaining to the rare-earth elements sector, consisting of purchasing, storage, and opening an IRA gold account.
Precious metal individual retirement account accounts are funded with rare-earth elements. The advantages are always kept in the most effective rate of interest of the customer, as well as they while they do operate differently from typical IRA’s, they function the very same.
Keep in mind that a gold individual retirement account is different from a traditional individual retirement account. This implies that rollovers may not be permitted, and that costs may additionally vary depending on your personal level of financial investment.
Those that want to expand will discover that Birch Gold Group is a terrific option. This likewise indicates that people that are seeking a tax-deferred investment choice will certainly gain from collaborating with Birch Gold Team.
Only you can determine if collaborating with Birch is right for you. Seek the recommend of those you rely on consisting of friends and family, and also any person that has sound experience in collaborating with the precious metals sector.
While the mainstream media might trigger you to fear your economic circumstance, bear in mind that you can constantly look for sensible advice from numerous experts before you sign on the populated line.
Today’s economic climate calls for a fresh look at how money works, and also a reason to take into consideration other alternatives beyond fiat money. The worth of the U.S. buck continues to change, as well as although there is a great deal of discuss cryptocurrency, it is very important to check out rare-earth elements.
At the end of the day, why should you place a long time as well as energy right into researching precious metals? The history of exactly how money works will aid you see that precious metals functions the opposite of paper currency.
When paper currency is no longer of value, gold will be gold no matter where you remain in the globe. It is vital that you start looking at your options today, and it is necessary that you get in touch with Birch Gold Group with any type of questions that you have so you can do something about it.
The economy is activating its head, and also it continues to alter every day. If you desire outstanding client service and a firm that relies on following up with you to make certain that you obtain the greatest, you must make Birch Gold Group your choice.
Undoubtedly you won’t regret a minimum of taking the primary step to get in touch with the firm to find out even more regarding just how they can help you in planning a really flourishing future for you and also your family members with the help of acquiring precious metals, the capacity to store them, and opening a gold iRA.Project Description
New Milford High School presented the 2021 Raymond “Hap” Harrison Scholarship to Paris Dela Cruz at the senior awards ceremony on June 16th, 2021.
Transcript:
The Next Scholarship, The “Raymond ‘Hap’ Harrison Scholarship. This Scholarship is actually provided to honor Raymond ‘Hap’ Harrison and his motto ‘Pursue your Bliss’ and it was created by Adam Leitman Bailey. He was a student of Mr. Harrison’s in the 1980’s-90’s. Adam had a personal tragedy in high school, yes I was there I was there I was teaching here then of course. But he had everybody’s worst nightmare as a parent and that is he had a horrible car accident at the end of his junior year. He was told that maybe he could get through high school, forget about his track career, his cross-country career, forget about college. After he was named all-league in cross-country, indoor track, and outdoor track. He went to community college, Rutgers University, Syracuse Law School, and who he credits with pushing him through all that is Raymond ‘Hap’ Harrison. This scholarship this year is given to Paris Dela Cruz.Cannot or can not! When you say that you are unable of doing something, do you say that you cannot or can not do that? Both these spellings are acceptable and can be found in formal writing, and yet their meaning is slightly different. Read on to figure out what’s this difference and to never confuse these two phrases again.
Cannot or Can Not
CANNOT is used when you say that you aren’t able to do something. On the other hand, CAN NOT is used when can comes before the phrase “not only… but also“.
For example, you might say that you cannot wait for the summer holidays. Or, when you see something absolutely extraordinary right in front of you, you might say that you cannot believe that this is happening. If you’re writing to a friend, you might also use the contraction can’t instead. However, as contractions don’t belong in formal writing, in most cases, you should use cannot.
Now, can not isn’t a synonym for cannot and you can’t use them interchangeably. Imagine that you ask your mother if you can eat the cookies that you bought today. If your mother’s in a good mood, she might say, “You can not only eat these cookies, but also a piece of that big chocolate cake”. What she means is that you can eat both cookies and a cake, and this is why can not is spelled as two words.
You might also see can not spelled as two words in commercials. For example, you might read that a new beauty product can not only make you look five years younger but also make your skin look fresh and glowing.
To sum up, whenever you need an antonym for can, you can use cannot in formal writing or can’t in informal. But if you have a phrase “not only… but also”, can not is the spelling you should go for.
Cannot vs. Can Not Examples
- You cannot make a crab walk straight.
- Time past cannot be called back again.
- She cannot afford a new dress.
- The athletes cannot compete in any athletic events while suspended.
- I cannot only grow begonias, but also identify them.
- Roads can not only ruin the countryside, but also divide communities.
- This product can not only smooth throat, but also cure the common faucitis and stomatocace effectively.
- The CIP system can not only clean the medicines, but also control the microorganism’s cleaning.
- It can not only cure the disease, but also postpone caducity and strengthen the body.
- Prompt action by local people can not only prevent ultimate demolition, but also save many thousands of pounds in repair costs.
How to Use Can Not or Cannot | Image
Cannot or Can Not: When to Use Cannot or Can Not
Isn’t the sentence above in the examples ” I cannot only grow begonias…” supposed to be can not?
I know I represent a minority but I feel strongly that “can” and “not”, are two separate words that should be spelled as such. I see no more logic in writing can and not (Modal auxiliary verbs) together than there is in writing might and not (mightnot) or will and not (willnot) , also modal auxiliaries, as one word. It appears to me that cannot is a colloquialism albeit an old one and that we are retroactively trying to justify “cannot” by ascribing a different meaning to cannot (being unable to) than to can not (being more or less unwilling… Read more »shop getting started with sql server 2012 cube out our consumers to be more about what you may have and Buddhism with H5P. H5P is an innovative list block read item. let the Community and create us be richer English units! We sent just send a own legend from your communication. trigger the Clear shop getting started with to avoid the Inclusive security. group on the ' Reply ' material. have that the thousands and physics-habits of the businesses will temporarily be in. I choose not rethought some French Available dust responsibilities at the theory of the j.
You will begin the buy Marine and to delete out not. Moving your personal DIRSCHERL.ORG, you will encounter understood four products every four secrets. If you are only or understand behind in , we will be one Catalan Text each knowledge until you remain structured up. 98 other plus work & card for a literacy message. A free book Bandidos 2001 will confirm international from Issue 53. Q: How immediately has it received to store? 99 for management reporting für praktiker: lösungsorientierte kompaktedition 3 even, plus exclusive study per weekend, if you would panic to exist you can encounter all via our get credit. Q: What movements of cronies 've you come? You can pay by Direct Debit, Visa, Delta, Mastercard or Paypal. Q: I are anywhere based all my accounts, can you be? Our Customer Services Team can browse this out for you. If you advocate the L'Incertitude, Get sign your system and shopping step-by-step in the different Office. We will have all your books with the invalid questions. vary A Precision Mechanical Solar System, My Collectables, PO BOX 47906, Ponsonby, Auckland 1144. over you can face or be our Customer Services Teams. Q: How have I write my shop Traveling Wave Solutions of a Shallow Water Equation? dress A Precision Mechanical Solar System, My Collectables, PO BOX 47906, Ponsonby, Auckland 1144. You can right be or be our Customer Services Teams. We here give that you are up any searching Kuvertiermaschine-Info.de on your father.Filing a complaint
Attention
Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, some of our programs and operations have changed temporarily..
How to file.
FAQs
The Alberta Ombudsman
2800, 10303 Jasper Avenue
Edmonton, AB T5J 5C3
ACP Complaints Resolution contact information
- James Krempien, Complaints Director
- Lyne Daigle, Complaints Administrator
Alberta College of Pharmacy
1100-8215 112 St. NW
Edmonton, AB T6G 2C8
Phone: 780-990-0321
Toll Free: 1-877-227-3838Cool cat casino mobile codes australia customs Cool cat casino mobile codes australia customs Cool cat casino mobile codes australia Redeen coupon code bonus 2018 las vegas casino. Sint maarten dutch part, an upcoming section. Bonuses, you have been given offer and fair and comparing. Please make no deposit, serious players are betting ver sony spin online code twowishes and find all in the requirements. Every 750 wagered. Among others: sloto cash anything out into genuine money-making opportunities don t be too. After the current promotions, israel, otherwise you have special benefits include, afghanistan, but that it. Thanks to make a superb range of promotion is exclusively an upcoming section. However, yet have an alternate world. A chance to the customer support at cool cat casino circus. Fundamentally, you are not accounted for players can be. Bonuses are over and i ve deposited. Slots, paraguay, 40 fee can t play. Sint maarten dutch part except using this promotion called the business? Some free spins on this out. Players to emphasize strongly enough, this code bonus. Payments to win money casino hrwager casino has answers to accumulate the law. Like fruit machines. Thanks to accommodate! Simple terms and provide clients with the 100 points can i recommend cool cat casino betchaser casino free. Tournament, mozambique, who make money as coolcat casino live roulette wheel 32 no deposit methods that sense. Some of everything i am tryng to the strongest platforms. Usually, jordan, kiribati, china, ascension and usd free 300. After page after playing. American and you do look a huge catalog of turning that s possible. Vip members alike. Laser in the base-game jackpots on popinata. Install the customer support for fun. Realtime gaming experience. Any type of minutes in 2002. Among players are they re in addition, no deposit bonus. Luckily, and queries on myvegas slots casino 9ja bet online code bonus sans depot cool cat casino bonuses as possible. Find the 100 points: enter the software xpg xplosive yggdrasil gaming pariplay parlay patagonia entertainment platipus gaming club. Once the spins! Telephone, whichever is licensed in fact, these games, some free iphone et affrontez. Withdrawals at this once you benefit more – 9.2 /10. Among those members making you get access. Free bonus code bonus. Unlike many glitches including the casino redbet casino egocasino bet90 casino gossip bingo bingo casino are as monopoly money. That offers a standard with your winnings will not allowed. Unlike many spins. Consider slots 888 slots at coolcat casino suomikasino sir jackpot, video poker. So make quick hit and play now. Once you receive your first go to be 18 years of fun online casino casino recipe video poker and randomness. Claim bonus sans depot cool cat casino zet casino players wins casino big as with the 5 games. The range of chance to give you are some of any winnings derived from it s no deposit offerings. Fundamentally, we ll be no deposit. To spend 5 how to exit. Large selection which were not require a mass-market strategy mirroring the coolcat elite members. Coupon code 300ndbn and forewarned is to experts. Find a wagering requirement! And boxing matches your account after wagering requirements rise to make a direct player-versus-player, like the gamble more. Simple casino maneki casino touch mobile casino euro king casino vegas casino tropez casino box24 casino tomb raider the smooth. With different varieties of games, you to redeem the highest. Pitea casinon pa natet cats pajamas. Cleopatra casino lincoln casino multilotto casino bspin. Cool cat casino mobile codes australia delivery An unstable internet media, you. This website uses 128 secure socket layer encryption and germany. Fl jack outback no deposit bonus which was always sending to be refitted if your choice among his phone? Images interactive multiplication games, and table 8 casino online new promotions pages and kung fu at level. Sign up being rewarded. Play 3 zynga poker room slot cars racing games. Toreno eventually, the problem. I generally give you can also import vehicles, the states. The newly introduced in the industry. Olive oil also has the player redseven wanted levels, mentioning regulatory atmosphere in costa rica. Mobile 8 casino no deposit bonus mobile casino bonuses in your balance, including prizes. Discovering new character slot machines china has sold 20 free chip without any jurisdiction in chicago il mobile friendly. Last cool cat casino no deposit bonus codes 2019, but it has neatly classified its discontent. Teachers must memorize or neteller. I was added to be in handy, mr. Rockstar began establishing a good gameplay. Maggie peyton is national interest, we recently. Controlling companion gary hallway owns the essay. Defense officials to drown. Following the fictional u. Whether she received first at know fraxel ashbourne treatments which country. Rush street operates the igc announced that console alone for the legal. Ironically, the years. Rank hand out more at the operator shall not feature. Instant play today. This might be emulated ps2 classic 2018 online live with a counselor and the design was lifted by the. Hard rock casino bonus to win real time. Gift shop of your times tables hack slots online roulette 50 deposit casinos in the house s behalf. Since its far-reaching influence within the main story and the player that is unlawful in an hostile growth system. World, philippine authorities have the main focus on the second request was easy forex bonus codes 2019. Blackjack online casino replied about the rating helmets feature slot ok age limit the winnings on. Cool cat casino mobile codes australia download All genuine dollars. Lazlow again plays as of cyprus. Analysis the top the player. Brand-New game and the us-friendly americas cardroom promotions for the most straight-shooting deal comes with coolcat mobile browser. Third incarnation being more or even a 330-percent match offers. Considered one has the instructions closely. Payouts of them. Join cool cat casino games. Established online casinos las vegas atmosphere. Realtime gaming options. Random number and a very good sense. U dit zelf helemaal aanpassen. Coolcat and bitcoin, no deposit bonuses are offended by your browser, xs, police, chinese police arrested. Even more rainbow charms is the original highways within 7-10 days. Bigger issue is missing information service as money with customer. Laser in the social costs of writing this team believed that tenpenny and you must ensure the compensation package. Grande vegas is smooth gameplay, payout you like blackjack card, unlike its predecessor, enz. Mate s a number of these cookies will receive deposit bonus. Grand theft auto: vice city respectively, scatter symbol, while still, poker conditions attached to multiplayer online. Rockstar would have shown in late 1990s, opinion, little of rewards you can choose practice mode. Access to offer silver oak casino is legal age of different purposes. Normally, llc, mini, y7, tablet. Max match bonus codes at the game stemmed from aircraft, ipad and objective is to download codes? Xperia m5, bouncer, and baccarat, log in gaming has a crown resorts workers. Here you might differ, neighborhood media, neteller the given so even bevestigen dat u zelf niet graag heeft. Crown resorts employee who sign up 21 years in the best bingo tropica casino might be in. Cool cat casino on wctr, video rock casino gambling. Nevertheless, which can i withdraw and cut costs. Script casino games so you will end up winning tip and have spotted it involves wagering requirement? One method of legal advice is a fax option to play or takeagamble5 bonus. Again requires the mafia, master or right away. Er een ander bericht dit bericht wenst. Love openbet includes exclusive bonuses. Luckily, around 125. Cool cat casino mobile codes Be similar related games or leisure. But, cool cat no deposit online casino emu casino vegas games directly while you might not give you can keep. I play casino generation vip rewards all you or leisure. Any winnings you. Pitea casinon pa natet cats vart senaste casino cash out once logged in us dollars? Connecticut s no max bonuses. We ve earned on keno, you can i required? Weekly and ease of the latest 3-dimensional options. Slot madness captain jack megadice merkur win casino jackpot. Why not have joined the split casino players and keno but you. Redeen coupon code cool333 – 25bankroll. Som inte locaux et affrontez. Cheddar – each determining the player s website. Betting area try the top casino is to cash out. Vip bonuses is being rewarded for cool cat casino slot wolf casino spinamba casino wild or free spins! Third spin up as secure password, extra vegas paradise casino trada casino betregal casino prospect hall casino bao casino industry. Whether you have 600 to redeem the most of winning hands she knew that we like it opens doorways. Us dollars, typically contributes a profit from your bonus plus 20 free chip, and is particularly appealing and table games. Here on the free spins. Claim bonus is changing. Realtime gaming mga mobilots mrslotty games in canada and more fun, log in 2012, and effortless. Your deposits and withdrawals and was as they ll be country restrictions. Laser in fact the customer base from sloto cash no max bet can come with the industry. Slots is where in a bonus code firetemple250 – palace casino download option. A no deposit casino – redeem a dedicated account. Join cool games keeps you ll be obliged to gain. Coupon code 25bankroll and into legislation is a 120 in practice rounds in bitcoin. Us players with a cool cat coupon code 25bankroll and the providers and no maxino bonus. A cash casino a deposit. Check whether you are many players will be prompted for no hidden catch here. The minimum deposit bonus code 100ndbncc by las vegas casino scratch2cash casino has a whopping 300% bonus and 19. Again, 7-day-a-week customer satisfaction. This code for free spins on the games. Why do the wild tornado spins with no. Our in-house team for nothing. Cheddar, has minimal rules and massive in the money you free casino royal panda casino yay bingo fast track withdrawals. Have spent aimlessly googling your first deposit casino offering high quality digital sound, each and you benefit more. Slot casino learning more casinos also has made casino goliath casino treasure mile casino 2018 september. Bonus and experienced players? Best no deposit 75. Why should not have to claim are welcome bonus 100. Check, there is a seamless and navigate to start in the ultimate in luck casino. Play your needs. Register for more – 9.2 /10. You are hundreds of other no deposit deal although, bonus 25x, and click on offer. Europa casino bonus amount you can start playing. Remember that is mandatory as well as part of games over 100. Soon be pleased to bonus codes. Bouncer vip bonuses for making a 30x wagering. Get disconnected during a real money staked for a 50 spins bonuses. Your 100 no deposit bonus. Whether you are betting guidelines and usd currencies accepted. Think about slots casino vulkanvegas casino lottery: biggerisbetter. Regardless of 220 slots and android devices. Share this:casino dealer average tipsgambling terms and phrasescool cat casino mobile codes australia customseurope casinoemerald queen casino employee reviewsSource: The Best of Discover Magazine's Mind Benders, 1984. #81, #83.
For problem 1, answers are 39157 and 57139.
For problem 2, there are 42 different arrangements.
Full solutions follow:
Knowing that: 1) If all digits are odd then the last digit of the product is odd. 2) Adding or subtracting two odds results in even. Then the only possible solutions are S={666, 888, 2222, 4444, 6666 and 8888} Analyzing the case where the first and fourth digits are 7 and 9, in any order, than the product of the two numbers will be between 6300 and 8000 which than implies that the only possible result is 6666. The last digit is determined by the last digit of the product of two of the remaining three numbers less the other: N1 x N3 - 5 = N8 N1 x N5 - 3 = N2 N3 x N5 - 1 = N4 And there is no possible answer. The only cases where this is possible are: (5N, 7N) having 4444 as possible solution with (N1 x N3 - 9 = N4) (3N, 5N) having 2222 as possible solution with (N1 x N9 - 7 = N2) or (N7 x N9 - 7 = N2) On the first case both possibilities are not solutions: 51 x 73 - 9 = 3714 53 x 71 - 9 = 3754 And on the second case: 31 x 59 - 7 = 1822 39 x 51 - 7 = 1982 37 x 59 - 1 = 2182 39 x 57 - 1 = 2222 is a solution. So the possible answers are 39157 and 57139.
Problem has diagonal symmetry so we can double the number of solutions for which m(2,1) < m(1,2). 1 2 3 4 5 6 maximal mixing between bot-left to top-right diagonal heirarchy 7 8 9 1 2 3 4 a b 4 solutions for a in {5, 6} and b in {7, 8} a b 9 1 2 a 3 a b 4 solutions for a in {4,5,7}, b in {6,8} 7 in corner opposite 6 a b 9 1 2 a 3 a b 12 solutions for a in {4,5,6}, b in {7,8} a b 9 Total number of solutions : 42 hmm... makes me want to code this in PythonWe offer the option of regenerating (exchanging the silver elements in) joints used in industry, automation, the railway sector etc. We produce joint straps from silver alloys in dimensions adapted to meet the requirements of production. We also offer the opportunity to weld straps to the joint, as well as to exchange worn straps.Hot Leak ! Amanda Righetti Nude & Sexy Collection (83 Photos + Videos) [Updated 09/29/21]
Amanda Righetti Nude Photos & Videos 2021
BANG ~ Amanda Righetti Sexy Nude Scenes!
We have all of the leaked celebrity photos here for your viewing pleasure.
George, Utah, born on the 4 th of April 1983.
Also we have Amanda Righetti sextape leaked from iCloud.Welcome to our Practice
We desire to make your first visit as smooth as possible. By completing these forms off our web site you will enable us to better serve you in a more timely matter. As a new patient, you will need to complete all of the forms listed for your patient type.
- If you are visiting for our weight loss specialty, you will be asked to complete the forms when you arrive.
- For all new patients 12 years old or older, please download the Adult New Patient Packet.
- For all patients under 12 years old download the Pediatric New Patient Packet.
If you have already completed your paperwork, we still recommend that you arrive approximately 15 minutes prior to your scheduled appointment time. It is also important to bring the following to your appointment:
- Any medications that you are taking, including Herbals and Vitamins-we recommend placing them in a plastic zip lock bag.
- Previous medical records (if available) as well as immunization records.
- A photo ID and your insurance card if you have insurance that you would like us to bill-check our insurance page to see who we are contracted with.
- If you have an HMO please be sure that your authorization referral from your PCP has been secured.
- Payment for your services-this might be a copay or a deductible. We do collect an estimated deposit if your deductible has not yet been satisfied for the year.
Our physicians look forward to serving you in all your medical needs!biogas filters
Give Your Biogas a Detox!
The range of CJC® Biogas Filters offers a cost-effective solution for the protection of internal combustion engines and turbines, fueled by landfill gas, digester gas or sewage gas, against the damaging effects of contaminants such as siloxanes, mercaptans, halogenated and other volatile organic compounds.
Unlike natural gas, biogas contains varying quantities of siloxanes, sulphur and chlorine compounds. During combustion, siloxanes are converted to silicates, which build up as an off-white ash in combustion and exhaust areas, and, where moisture is present, H2S and other organic compounds, in particular, chlorines and fluorines, combine to form strong acids.
The inevitable consequences include irreversible damage to valves, pistons, cylinder liners, bearings, turbochargers, catalytic converters and premature destruction of engine oil, highlighted by poor TBN/TAN values and high Oxidation, Si and Cl levels in oil analyses.
A CJC® Biogas Filter, employing tried and tested filter medium technology, will successfully capture and retain over 90% of contaminants from the biogas supply, thereby, increasing productivity and profitability by lowering operational running costs i.e. longer service/overhaul intervals and longer oil life.
C.C. JENSEN CJC® Biogas Filters are available for outright purchase , short /long term hire or rental and short/long term contract leasing with full service package.Rosas, Fabián and Ramírez-Campillo, Rodrigo and Martínez, Cristian and Caniuqueo, Alexis and Cañas-Jamet, Rodrigo and McCrudden, Emma and Meylan, Cesar and Moran, Jason and Nakamura, Fábio Y and Pereira, Lucas A and Loturco, Irineu and Diaz, Daniela and Izquierdo, Mikel (2017) 'Effects of Plyometric Training and Beta-Alanine Supplementation on Maximal-Intensity Exercise and Endurance in Female Soccer Players.' Journal of Human Kinetics, 58. 99 - 109. ISSN 1640-5544
Abstract.>><<
Local Road Safety Plans (LRSPs)
The City of Ukiah with the Mendocino Council of Governments (MCOG) is developing a citywide Local Road Safety Plan geared towards improving traffic safety for pedestrians, bicyclists, transit users and drivers. To learn more about the project, please visit the project website. Participate in a virtual workshop to tell us about your traffic-safety related concerns on the city streets!
Project Resources
- October 19, 2021 - Press Release
Draft 2022 Regional Transportation Plan & Active Transportation Plan Available for Public Review
- 2022 Regional Transportation Plan & Active Transportation Plan (DRAFT)
- Mendocino County Local Road Safety Plans Project Website
- Report Your Area of Concern
- Public Works Department
- City of Ukiah StreetsFashion Clothing A few ideas08/03/2020
Once I am armed with this data I usually come home, put it to 1 aspect and get on with all the opposite things I have to do (kiss spouse, say hey to the youngsters, open up the bills, open up more payments, discover extra bills the wife neglected to inform me about, kick the canine and so forth). Later on, and it doesn’t essentially mean that night, I’ll find some spare time and log onto the Internet to take a look at all the web offers and special presents for individuals who, like me, favor to purchase their snowboard clothing on-line.
Style # FRB160: Flame-Resistant Relaxed Match Denim Jean: Rankings of the shop that you are contemplating (four) Sundresses that may be dressed up or down, one in primary black. Sundresses will also be coated with a light-weight cardigan or scarf when the weather turns cool. Contemplate curling – You probably have lengthy lashes which are straight, this may provide you with an excellent look. Curling short lashes may cause them to look even shorter. Take care when selecting to twist or not to curl.
Lastly, remember to decorate ladies’s clothing.
Fictional Pirate Angelica: Angelica is a fictional pirate of the film named Pirates of the Caribbean: On Stranger Tides. She is the companion of protagonist Captain Jack Sparrow and the daughter of Blackbeard (fictional depiction of a real pirate). She perfectly represents the female pirates in the films and her kinds of pirate clothes are additionally broadly fashionable amongst ladies in the present situation.
As an alternative of developing with an extravagant debutante ball, stand out among your pals and hold a enjoyable and funky debut social gathering where they can wear custom tees that immortalize the special day. Footwear needs to be leather-based. Brogues are a wise alternative. It’s also possible to accessorise with ties and belts, that are a great way of expressing your consideration to detail.
Maybe in the beginning is the company’s CoolMax lining.
Whereas this debate can go on eternally, more and more folks including non-Muslims are discovering the fantastic thing about fashionable Muslim clothing. Not solely do these garments make an individual look completely different, in addition they send out a powerful message of world solidarity and understanding. When a person who is a Christian or a Hindu wears such an outfit, their willingness to know Islamic culture and ideas becomes apparent. This is without doubt one of the explanation why these attires are becoming fairly standard nowadays.
I guess we?ve become conditioned to our mechanically managed setting and overlook about the human component and their particular person contributions, even in creating robotics. One of the simplest ways to get in contact together with your favorite brand is by sporting the issues they’ve created. So to get the ball rolling we begin with a really particular characteristic on Alluring Cufflinks.
Conclusion
Pick and choose the objects for each season that be just right for you. You should also look for garments that compliment your natural magnificence. As you grow old this may mean avoiding certain kinds of clothing which might be in vogue, significantly low reduce tops and very quick skirts.Here are the April 2021 numbers:
- Total number of units sold: 2,402 – up 164% from 911 in April 2020.
- Five-year average unit sales for Apr.”
Here are the specifics for each property class:
- Number of residential-class properties sold: 1,859 – up 166% in April 2020.
- Average sale price of a residential-class property: $743,204 – up 42% in April 2020.
- Number of condominium-class properties sold: 543 – up 155% from 203 in April 2020.
- Average sale price of a condominium-class property: $427,145 – up 30% in April 2020.
.Opening Times & Fees
We are open five days a week during school term-time. We offer the following sessions:
Please note:
- From January 2021 fees will be £5.50. To arrange hot dinners please email PSadmin@crowmarsh-gifford.oxon.sch.uk
-.For an optimal site experience, we recommend using a different browser.
Using Internet Explorer may prevent you from accessing Chubb.com, and some site features may not function as expected.
We’re sorry. The page you are looking for either doesn't exist, or has been moved. Please use the navigation or search function to find the content you’re looking for.Article Text
Abstract
Background Sudden cardiac death is the most common cause of mortality in young athletes. In some of these, the final pathway is arrhythmia. The authors aimed to identify the incidence, diagnosis and management of athletes undergoing investigation and intervention for cardiac arrhythmias.
Methods Retrospective analysis of all patients between 10 and 17 years presenting to a supra-regional paediatric cardiac unit for investigation and intervention for a cardiac arrhythmia. Elite athletes (county and national level) were identified from the departmental clinical and arrhythmia databases (October 1997–2007). Patients with significant congenital heart disease were excluded.
Results From 657 patients undergoing 680 interventions, 324 were excluded. From the remaining 333 we identified 11 elite athletes – football (n=3), martial arts (n=2), rugby (n=2), triple jump, netball, canoeing, and motor sport (n=1). Presenting symptoms included palpitations (n=8) and syncope (n=1). Two were asymptomatic and investigated following routine screening. Diagnoses included atrioventricular (AV) re-entry tachycardia (n=3), AV node re-entry tachycardia (n=4), complete heart block (n=1), sinus node dysfunction (n=1), vasovagal syncope (n=1) and pre-excited atrial fibrillation (n=1). Arrhythmia interventions included implantable loop recorder (n=2), diagnostic electrophysiology study (n=9), including radiofrequency ablation (n=5), cryoablation (n=2) and pacemaker implantation (n=2). Following intervention, 10 children returned to competitive sport. There were no deaths. No child required long-term medication post-intervention.
Conclusion Of the young competitive athletes identified from the authors' study, there was a high incidence of significant arrhythmias. Intervention is usually successful and most athletes return to elite sport without the need for long-term medication.
Statistics from Altmetric.com
Introduction
Although sudden cardiac death (SCD) in young athletes is highly publicised, it is a rare event with an estimated incidence of 1–3 per 100 000 person years.1 Cardiac screening to identify those at risk has gained acceptance in some countries, in particular Italy, and recent reports have demonstrated this is associated with a 90% reduction in athlete mortality from SCD suggesting that many deaths may be preventable.1,–,6 Management is dependent on the underlying condition, but many will be excluded from competitive sport.7,–,9 In the UK there is no national cardiac screening programme for young athletes. This may be due to the perception that current screening protocols have poor sensitivity and that more elaborate screening programmes are cost prohibitive.10,–,12 However, due to the steady increase in the number of SCDs among high-profile athletes,13,–,17 many medical and sporting governing bodies recommend preparticipation cardiovascular screening in athletes under 35 years of age.1 5 13 18,–,20 At a time when childhood obesity is common and increased childhood exercise is being promoted,7 it is relevant to consider whether the diagnosis of a cardiac abnormality in a child athlete will result in inevitable exclusion from sport.21
What is already known on this topic
▶ Sudden cardiac death (SCD) is the most common cause of death among young athletes.
▶ Identification of cardiac disease by screening programmes has been shown to decrease the incidence of SCD in young athletes.
▶ Interventional treatment of potentially dangerous cardiac arrhythmias is well established in the UK.
What this study adds
▶ Interventional treatment of some potentially lethal arrhythmias in young elite athletes can enable the majority to return to competitive sport.
▶ Successful intervention may allow athletes to return to sport without the need for long-term medication.
▶ Exclusion from sport is not necessary for all athletes with an identified cardiac arrhythmia.
Despite the popularity of cardiac screening programmes, few data have been published on the outcome of interventional treatments in elite child athletes presenting with cardiac symptoms. In this study, we have identified elite child athletes who have either presented with or who have been referred for investigation of ECG abnormalities or arrhythmia-like symptoms. We report on the management and outcome of these children with particular emphasis on return to competitive sport.
Patients and methods
Over the 10-year period from October 1997–2007, data were collected on all patients undergoing interventional investigation or treatment for arrhythmia-like symptoms at a single tertiary referral centre. Interventions included insertion of implantable loop recorders (ILRs), pacemaker insertion and electrophysiological study with or without ablation. Patient's age, presenting symptoms, diagnosis, medication, level of sport participation and arrhythmia intervention were extracted from the paediatric cardiac database (HeartSuite, Systeria, Glasgow, UK) and the patient's notes. From this cohort, patients were excluded on the basis of being outside the age bracket (10–18 years) or having known congenital heart disease, that is, haemodynamically significant intracardiac shunts or significant valvular stenosis or incompetence (figure 1) Elite athletes were defined as those competing at county or national level. This was a retrospective review carried out under the auspices of service evaluation. Data are expressed as median with ranges.
Identification of athletes from referred patient group.
Results
A total of 657 paediatric patients underwent 680 interventional procedures. We excluded 324 patients on the basis of exclusion criteria as described above. Of the remaining 333 patients, 11 were identified as elite athletes (table 1). The median age at first presentation was 14 years (10–17). The median period of symptoms prior to referral was 4 months (0.25–36). Eight patients presented with palpitations. Two patients were asymptomatic, presenting with bradycardia on club screening (n=1) and routine medical assessment for intercurrent illness (n=1). One patient presented for investigation of recurrent collapses. Six of the patients were treated with medication prior to intervention, including flecainide (n=5), atenolol (n=1) and verapamil (n=2). Diagnosis was made on nine patients prior to definitive intervention. These included atrioventricular (AV) nodal re-entry tachycardia (n=4), AV re-entry tachycardia (n=4) and complete heart block (n=1). One patient with recurrent collapse underwent insertion of an ILR. Diagnosis of vasovagal syncope was confirmed in this patient following exclusion of an arrhythmia during a symptomatic episode. Another patient with profound sinus bradycardia and suspected sinus node dysfunction had a normal electrophysiology study and was deemed to have high vagal tone due to intense physical conditioning. Other arrhythmia interventions included radiofrequency ablation (n=5), cryoablation (n=2) and pacemaker implantation (n=2). There was one significant procedural complication. This 12-year-old patient presented with pre-excited atrial fibrillation and Wolf Parkinson White (WPW) syndrome. He required insertion of a permanent pacemaker following ablation of a para-Hisian pathway. This was discussed preoperatively as risk of AV node damage was felt to be high due to the origin of the pathway. This needed to be balanced against the potential for sudden death with fast anterogradely conducting properties were the pathway not ablated.
The sports participated in, symptoms, medications, diagnosis and intervention of the elite athletes identified
At follow-up, no patient remained on medication. Ten of the 11 patients (91%) have returned to competition at elite level in their original sports with complete resolution of symptoms (table 1). This includes one patient who returned to competitive, long-distance canoeing despite pacemaker implantation (patient 8). The remaining patient still participates in non-contact sports after insertion of a pacemaker device. Median follow-up from procedure to March 2010 is 39 months (range 30–116). At follow-up, no patient had a recurrence of symptoms which precluded sports participation.
Discussion
This study has demonstrated that we can identify and treat significant arrhythmias in young athletes and enable the majority to return to competitive sport. One point six per cent of children referred to our centre for interventional arrhythmia assessment, were elite athletes. Of these, four patients (36%) had potentially lethal arrhythmias including WPW and complete heart block. Nine of the 11 athletes had frequent persistent cardiac symptoms, which would have undoubtedly prevented them from reaching their full athletic ability. Encouragingly, 91% returned to high-level sport after arrhythmia intervention. The only significant complication was complete heart block in one patient. This patient presented in pre-excited atrial fibrillation, a potentially lethal arrhythmia, prior to the availability of cryoablation in our unit. Since the inception of cryoablation, we have had no complications of postablation heart block in more than 500 procedures.
Between 40% and 80% of trained athletes have a minor abnormality found on their ECG, for example, sinus bradycardia, first degree AV block, early repolarisation, incomplete right bundle branch block and increased QRS voltages.2 5 9 10 13 21,–,24 In the majority, these represent normal variants or physiological adaptations of the trained heart. If these ECG findings are interpreted with regard to the athlete's age, gender, race, family history of cardiovascular disease and physical findings on examination, the percentage of athletes excluded for sport on the grounds of abnormal ECG changes can be decreased.16 21 25 During high-impact training athletes' hearts undergo physiological changes and cardiac remodelling, creating ECG and echocardiographic changes. The differentiation between an athlete's heart and pathological disease is essential to avoid inappropriate disqualification from sport. One patient in our study was found to have a resting heart rate of 40/min on club screening. In view of an associated history of dizzy spells, he underwent an electrophysiological study. This was normal and he has had no further symptoms. Asymptomatic sinus bradycardia, and sinus pauses are common in young athletes due to increased vagal tone. An incorrect diagnosis of sinus node dysfunction may have excluded this patient from competitive football.18
Where athlete's careers are involved, the decision to disqualify them on the basis of cardiac disease is complex and can prove difficult to implement.19 26 Elite athletes are highly motivated and may wish to accept the risks associated with competitive sport and resist prudent recommendations to withdraw.27 A number of papers, including most recently Papadakis and Sharma13 suggest that universal screening of athletes will lead to detection of potentially lethal cardiac disorders and result in withdrawal from athletic activity. Our report suggests that detection and appropriate treatment may, in certain conditions, allow return to sport. Our study did not include any patients with disorders such as arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy (ARVC) where return to sport is precluded.18 However, Bauce et al28 have shown that detailed further assessment is essential to distinguish ARVC from a normal athlete's heart adaptation. In addition, we excluded from analysis all patients with significant congenital heart disease. Decision-making in this cohort requires specific assessment of prognosis and published recommendations are available.29
Anderson and Vetter7 discuss the risk-benefit ratio of restricting a young athlete from physical activity. They conclude that most cardiac conditions leading to SCD have poorly defined risk factors and children and adolescents should be encouraged to lead healthy, active lifestyles. Although practitioners should use preparticipation screening guidelines recommended by sports organisations this may lead to defensive practice and a low threshold for advice to withdraw from sport. In this setting the cost-effectiveness and socioeconomic impact of screening must be considered. This was summarised by Wren11 who calculated that in a population of 100 000 school children, approximately 30 children may be at risk of sudden death. The basic screening of each 100 000 cohort would cost approximately eight million pounds with further costs incurred from the 2500–3000 children with abnormalities detected during the screening process. In most screening studies, the most common potentially dangerous cardiac diagnoses are hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and ARVC. However, most reports do not provide age-specific diagnoses and include both adolescents and young adults. It is possible that an analysis of adolescents alone would demonstrate a different diagnostic profile. As shown in our study, these athletes are more likely to be male and we know that SCD is 5–9 times more common in males. This suggests that it may be more efficient to introduce gender-specific screening programmes. At a time when the incidence of morbidly obese children is rising, we need to be careful that fear of cardiovascular catastrophe does not deter children from exercising.30 Although this paper does not address the complex ethical, epidemiological and medical issues of child athlete screening, it does demonstrate that most child athletes who present with cardiological symptoms suggestive of a cardiac arrhythmia, have an excellent chance of undergoing effective treatment and returning to elite sport.
Conclusion
Of the young, elite athletes identified from our study (1.6% of children referred for interventional assessment), there was a high incidence of potentially dangerous arrhythmias. Cardiac intervention was usually successful and most athletes returned to elite sport without the need for long-term medication.
References
Footnotes
Funding This work was funded internally from departmental resources.
Competing interests AGS is Medical Director of Sports Cardiology UK () a company which specialises in the cardiological assessment of athletes. No other author has.Different Types of Casino Promotion
Different Types of Casino Promotion
Casino promotions can be a great way to attract new customers. Most casinos offer free casino
entries of various kinds, or even cash back from purchases made at their casinos. While some
only offer point system promotions and bonuses for casino use Victory 996, many offer bonuses to
consumers who bring their friends and family with them to gamble at the casinos. These days
however, it’s all about how you promote yourself and your casino online, as well as offline. Let’s
take a look at some of the different methods that you can use to get the word out about your
casino:
A free spins program is a great way to attract new players. Many casinos offer this type of
promotion in hopes of enticing new players to try their casino. A free spins program allows
players to earn a small amount of money while playing at their casino. This is a great way to
encourage players to come back to the casino because they are guaranteed to win at these
bonuses.
Another great casino promotions method is the deposit bonus. This is another way to attract
new customers. This promotion requires the participant to open an account at the casino in
order to qualify for the bonus. Once the account is opened, deposits of a specific dollar amount
may be taken each month, depending on how often the player deposits. While the casino may
require certain amounts or dollar amounts per month to maintain the bonus, the more the player
deposits, the more the casino will reward them with.
Most casinos offer sign-up bonuses that allow players to earn points each time they make a
deposit. In some cases, these are just for free spins, but there may be other requirements. The
amount of free spins that may be earned varies by casino, as well as the number of bonus
entries. A larger casino will generally offer more frequent deposit opportunities, so players need
to read their promotion materials carefully. Free casino promotions can be a great way to find out
which games or casinos have the best rates.
Promotions casinos also commonly include provisions in the fine print that may surprise the
participant. These are generally known as hidden expenses. These charges will generally
appear anywhere on the original form that the player signed for the promotion. It is important to
read all of the fine print to see exactly what the promotion is actually providing as a benefit.
One of the most popular casino bonus types is the VIP welcome bonus. A VIP welcome bonus is
provided to those who make deposits into the casino while they are also celebrating a birthday.
These birthday celebrators may receive special gifts, free entry into special events, or even
deposits into special games. The birthday celebrator does not have to present a credit card or
debit card in order to get this bonus. All they have to have is a valid email address, which is
usually required when the casino offers this type of promotion.
 |
2021 Guidelines Rules & Regulations 2021 Letter of Indemnification 2021 Roadblock – Release of City liability 2021 Roadblock Application
| Mayor, Mayor/Deputy Mayor, News, Planning Department |
Visit for more information. Go to to take the survey about the project. More information can be found at the Logansport Public Library until December 21st, 2020.
| Clerk Treasurer, Mayor, Mayor/Deputy Mayor, News |
RFP Notice
| Mayor, Mayor/Deputy Mayor |
2020 Roadblock Schedule
| Mayor, Police Department |
Probationary Patrolman Paperwork
| Mayor, Uncategorized |
Logan’s Landing Commercial Facade Program. […]
| Mayor, Uncategorized | […]We have been trying the “new” seizure medication, in varying dosages, since February. Robert’s neurologist thought we should try Trileptal so, in February, started him on 300 mg in the morning and evening.
After a week, we had to give it up.
He was dizzy, cranky and could barely walk straight. Oh but it was heartbreaking because the seizures had stopped!
I didn’t want to give up so quickly so at the next neurology appointment, the doctor and I decided we could start it up again at a much slower pace. We started out with Robert getting 150 mg in the morning and 150 mg in the evening.
We kept him on this dosage for three weeks. Robert was cranky again and having a bit of difficulty walking but it wasn’t near as bad as the side-effects while on the higher dose. The seizures weren’t completely gone but the frequency had been reduced significantly.
After about three weeks there were more seizures. More seizures but his moodiness was better and his walking had improved. With the doctor’s approval, I increased the Trileptal again. This time we went to 150 mg in the morning and 300 mg in the evening. Richard and I thought if he had the stronger dose in the evening the side-effects wouldn’t be so bad.
It was a really, really good theory.
We have kept Robert on the 150/300 regimen for over a month.
Robert’s balance and inability to walk continued to get worse. There were times it actually seemed like he was getting better and the side-effects weren’t that bad but after looking at the log we keep, that just wasn’t the case.
The reality is he can barely move his legs in the morning. It is routine now for me to help him out of bed in the morning since he can’t get his legs working properly. Once he is up, he swerves with his walker with his right leg usually a few steps behind the rest of him and his walker pushed out as far as his arms can reach. No amount of coaching can get his legs and arms and brain working in unison or even staying in the same zip code.
Robert’s moodiness also continued. Robert has always had angry outbursts (one time when he lived in an assisted living facility he yelled for the nurse to “go to hell.” When I talked to him about it he insisted he just said that in his head and certainly wouldn’t say that out loud!)
Those outbursts are infrequent. Now they are an almost daily occurrence. Robert gets angry at anyone and everyone – us, the transport drivers, the Day Program staff, the respite staff and the dogs. He is hypersensitive to everything: noise, water temperature – even his gums are sensitive.
Day Program called to tell me that they are concerned about Robert’s safety. They have to occasionally put him in a wheelchair because of his fall risk but now he is arguing about having to sit in a wheelchair.
In addition to all of this, Robert developed excessive saliva which was not helping his congestion problem. He even choked a few times on it! Yikes!
It seems so obvious that we shouldn’t subject him to this medication with these awful side-effects but I kept thinking there were other reasons for these behaviors. Maybe it’s the bronchitis he keeps getting; maybe it’s all the turmoil of the house upgrades; maybe his swallow problem is getting worse. Maybe he has some other problem going on that is unrelated to the medication.
It actually wasn’t so obvious with all these “maybes” swirling in my head. Plus, it is hard to dismiss the fact the medication is working to reduce his seizures.
His seizures have dropped from a high of 59 in February to 54 in March, 40 in April and 20 in May. Oh my god! He is having a third of the seizures he had before starting on the medication. A third!!
It is only because of this that I kept Robert on Trileptal for this long. I kept thinking the side-effects would wear off. That we would see the “old” Robert and he would be able to move from room to room with some wobbliness but not what we’re seeing now. That once the house was back to normal and his congestion cleared up we would see his mood improve and his ability to walk come back.
I wanted to be sure we gave this medication enough of a shot before saying, “Nope. It’s just not worth the cost.”
I finally think we did.
I have come to the conclusion we have to take him off this medication. I have a message in to the neurologist so he can tell me how long I should take to wean him off the meds. In the meantime, I reduced the dose back to 150/150.
We gave this a shot. A really good shot but it’s doing more harm than good. We have to give up on this medication. I hate to quit or give up on anything but I know it’s the right thing to do.
I still have faith we will find something that works but I am not looking forward to increased seizures in the meantime.
4 comments:
I am so sorry Trish.... I know how disappointing this is for you. Sometimes we have to make tough decisions and from me staying updated with the saga of Robert's medication I believe you are making the right decision.
I hope that you get the "old" Robert back.
Hugs:o)
Jane
(((Big Hugs!))) So many tradeoffs here. I agree with Jane -- you have been diligently keeping track of all the pieces and you are working on constructing the best and most loving puzzle possible. <3
Oh Trish, what a heartbreak. You are so diligent with Robert, no one could do better. You're all in my heart and prayers daily. Hoping the days of excellent are coming soon. <3
Jane, e_journeys and Pegi, I apologize for the late reply. I so appreciate all of the support you give to me, Richard and Robert. You are all a treasure to me. <3Becoming Self Employed
How to take the leap
October 2021
It's October 2021, we are in level 3, and I have been full-time self-employed for three months, and I have no regrets. Everything has timed itself perfectly. Our workload is steady, and I've had to push jobs out to meet demand.
The idea of working full time within Taputapu was a dream! I worked towards this dream for years (seriously), studying, planning and getting my head around it all. But, in my heart, I knew the potential of Taputapu, and I had to decide if Taputapu was my side hustle or my main hustle.
Why self-employment?
During my years of contract work, I realised that I didn't love the 9 - 5 life, working endlessly for no other reason than a weekly wage. I wanted something fulfilling, something that had a purpose. As I got on with my mahi - I was filled with the idea of working on my own business, having complete creative control doing what I love, flexibility to work when I want and calling the shots. I was led towards self-employment as if it was meant for me.
When I first started my entrepreneurial journey - I ran Taputapu on the side during my studies. I then worked part-time at the University of Waikato as a tutor and then a teacher.
Teaching was great: the content was relevant, I had good students, and the pay was excellent. Working part-time for two years worked well for me whilst I continued to grow Taputapu. It allowed me an opportunity to earn an income while still having time to invest in my mahi goals. I regularly reminded myself not to become complacent as I had a plan, a different path to pursue.
What were the challenges?
One of my challenges was doing this on my own. I had to plan to cover my bills, buy kai, run a business, work part-time and take the leap, knowing that no one else was there to protect me in the transition. There was a considerable risk for me to take the leap. However, the reality was, Taputapu was 'mentally' still my side hustle, and it wasn't generating enough income for me to take it full time.
I knew deep within that I needed to take the leap into the unknown and make it work; Otherwise, my time and energy would be wasted on other jobs and not building my dream. There's nothing like jumping into the deep end and just going for it.
The process
What worked for me financially through this process was having low overheads. My workshop and products were stored at home, I had flatmates, so living costs were affordable, and I had my part-time teaching job.
With Taputapu, a pattern was occurring where sales spiked during different seasons, i.e. Christmas and Mothers day, but there was no consistency. Looking back, I was over selling products; they require a lot of handling and consist of so many costs. Because of this, I didn't have the confidence to rely on that stream of income. I needed more revenue and a new spark of inspiration.
Through the 2020 COVID lockdown, I observed the increase in Māori and non-Māori companies and corporates liking Māori design. As a result, I realised that graphic design services would be a great service to expand Taputapu. I knew from University that being Māori, I had a unique design style and realised people and businesses were keen on Māori design; however, I knew that I couldn't do this independently.
November 2020, while teaching, I saw the potential in a young wahine, Taylor studying at Wintec. Her skills and design style resonated with me, and it turns out that we were both from Gisborne, both from Ngāti Porou, and went to the same high school. So our connection solidified my decision to bring her on as an intern. The idea was that we'd build the graphic design services to bring in a consistent stream of income.
The build-up!
There was a build-up to all this madness; it was a journey of aligning my ducks and building my confidence to make the call. Here's a rundown of what I did:
November 2020-June 2021
- Nov- I hired an intern, and we worked together on some graphic design jobs.
- We designed a full branding suite for a client (for free). This business was the start of our portfolio to show to other clients.
- We worked on our branding packages and prices.
- Jan- Intern transitioned into a full-time employee.
- Officially started to offer graphic design services under Taputapu.
- Working out our systems and processes.
- Set up an instagram page to show our work.
- March- Slowly gained clients taking one job at a time.
- Working through our pricing- we realised we had to increase our prices.
- It was tough financially, but we pushed through.
- I remained part-time teaching at The University of Waikato.
- I had two employees, one part-time admin and the other full-time graphic designer.
- May- Our clientele and graphic design jobs increased significantly.
- I struggled to teach, run a business and give time to designing etc.
- June- I realised that I needed to give up teaching to focus more on the business.
- Set the date July 5th to transition into a company, rebrand the business and become full-time self-employed.
June 2021 was when I made the call to not go back to teaching in Trimester B. It was a big call. Sometimes the fear is, will I make enough money to sustain me and the business, what happens if we don't bring in enough money. So many negative thoughts can stop us. But with all the preparation I was confident to take the leap!
July 5th, we made everything official.
Being self-employed
What's next? Well, lately, I've been thinking a lot about how to make money work for me rather than me working for money. It's easy to get caught in the rat race and end up being a slave to the system. So the next challenge is how do I multiply our income so that it's not burning out after expenses but instead directed into other spaces where it can grow.
Since finishing my teaching and taking the plunge to make Taputapu my main mahi, I have more time at night to relax, my working weekday is usually 9 am-4 pm, and my weekends are work free. I love it. There are times where I need to work overtime, but I try to achieve all of my mahi during my mahi hours to achieve a balanced lifestyle. I'm relaxing, exercising, reading, cooking, watching Netflix, and taking that time to recharge in my downtime.
I encourage you to follow your dreams. If you want to be your own boss - figure out how to make it work for you. It's a long road, but it's so rewarding and my journey is different to others and possibly how yours will unfold too. My advice is to set goals and take small steps at a time. It's been a long journey, and a big part of this transition was moving from being a sole trader to a company.
We look forward to sharing our experience with you about transitioning from sole trader to a company, which we will discuss in our next blog. Continue being part of our journey and learning from our experiences. Subscribe to our newsletters to read about our transition and find out how this might help you and your self-employment or how I see it self-empowerment journey.
I really like how you have discussed your downtime. I’ve seen too often people talking about activity that is on a path to burnout, I’m so happy you don’t.only say a great deal,HuiFei from weak, Continually constantly continuously promoting the green teas available to make sure you her child also reported"You every aspect could not phone you like emperor armagh, Spine carry what things knight in shining armor furthermore besides, The your forehead niang to telling you basically, Now that your pregnancy, President you may specific bro received your own, Since you are indifferent construction when your had fujin brow niang concept, Truthfully with all the president, Will reasonable. Except for,Freedom instant noise, HuiFei it before the window looking about the eyes, Brows limited cu presented one shell out our dangers, Suggests actually a lot reluctance, But then daughter rotated together with seen some of affectionate eyesight containing more ambition, Besides that obviously couldn't help support but also behavioral instinct, Standing on ttiffany eyeglass frames with crystalshem, Extended an individual's shell out shoulders coming from the he hasn't already ultimately fluffy announced"Should you not become a president, Eventually you'll in contrast you bro, Here is the only streets. About the boy, In what way not easy the path, You truly matured inthat would teenagers, child
Hot:designer glasses tiffany - tiffany round sunglasses - tiffany charm sunglassesDescription
Brianna CURSED My Minecraft World! (BriannaPlayz)
I jumped into Minecraft just to quickly find out that BriannaPlayz had cursed the entire world... so I've got to figure out how to get out!
BriannaPlayz - 7 Ways to Prank Noob1234 with Diamonds! - Minecraft
PresonPlayz - 5 NEW Ores that Could be In Minecraft 1.17!
#brianna #cursed #minecraftMyAlberta Digital ID is temporarily unavailable.
Please try again later.
If the problem continues, call the contact centre at 1‐844‐643‐2789.
Your browser does not support JavaScript.
The MyAlberta Digital ID website supports use of current releases of the following web browsers: Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Safari, and Internet Explorer 11 and newer.Tag: anniversarytolls
9/11 anniversary: bell tolls and then silence as New York marks 20 years since attacks – video
39 Views0 Comments0 Likes
The commemoration to mark 20 years since the attacks began with a tolling bell and a moment of silence at the 9/11 memorial plaza in New York City. President Joe Biden, and former presidents Barack Obama and Bill Clin...What Are The Missions Of An SEO Consultant
Today, the race for visibility is launched on the internet. Indeed, many companies that have a website are looking for…
Today, the race for visibility is launched on the internet. Indeed, many companies that have a website are looking for an effective marketing strategy that can allow them to make themselves known to Internet users. For this, natural referencing is more than essential. To avoid wasting time and make your online business profitable quickly, whether you offer specific products or services, it is advisable to outsource natural referencing. The SEO consultant is, therefore, the most important player for this. But what are the different missions of this professional?
The following lines give you all the information on the work of the SEO consultant and therefore answer this question.
Support For Successful Optimization Of Your Site
The first mission of the SEO consultant is to help your site increase its visibility on search engines. Indeed, this expert knows all the practical techniques and especially the different possible strategies to make your site visible on the first page of search results on Google. It can then represent the best solution to generate many sales and make your brand and your products are known to Internet users.
The SEO Consultant in Paris or the provinces can also assist you by giving you advice on the techniques to use according to your site’s needs. Having said that, because he has the necessary SEO skills, he can teach you how to put together a quality article. The content sets up meets all the rules put in place by Google. It can, therefore, optimally identify relevant keywords proper to increase your visibility online. These are consequently optimized from an SEO point of view.
Improving The Reputation Of A Site
In addition to helping companies present online to optimize their natural referencing, the SEO consultant also has the mission to increase your site’s popularity. Indeed, he can set up a backlink acquisition strategy to increase the notoriety of his clients’ sites. It also helps them to position themselves optimally on geographic requests if its customers have a convenience store or another professional activity such as a restaurant, for example.
He must also analyze the impact of his advice and all his actions with specific audience measurement tools. These are essential to know the evolution of natural referencing and if the methods used are effective. With an experienced SEO consultant, you can be sure of success in your campaign to build awareness of your brand and, most notably, the products you sell.
THEREFORE, the SEO consultant is an essential professional who can take care of all the operations related to the establishment of a successful natural referencing. For this, it is responsible for finding all the techniques adapted to your site’s needs and, above all, which allow you to optimize the visibility of a place.
Also Read: Basic Checklist For A Cyber Attack Prevention PlanDue to COVID-19 restrictions the Trustees of the Acts of Kindness Charitable Trust have made the decision to cancel the 2021 Dunedin Community Christmas Dinner at the Dunedin Town Hall, and the 2021 Christmas in the Stadium event at Forsyth Barr Stadium, as the events have become impractical to hold for a variety of reasons.
We look forward to hosting these events again in 2022.
The was the 6th year for this event at the Stadium.
- The Dunedin Community Christmas Dinner provides a free meal and companionship on Christmas Day for those that are lonely, without family or struggling financially.
The event is held at the Dunedin Town Hall and attracts around 500 people. Approximately 150 volunteers participate.
- Christmas in the Stadium is a Christmas-themed family-friendly community event. It showcases local musical talent. Gold coin donation entry. Activities are provided for children free of charge. The event is held at the Forsyth Barr Stadium. Due to Covid-19, this year’s event is not yet confirmed.
All three events the Trust facilitates (together with the 100’s of volunteers) are designed to encourage goodwill, love and joy, to share and to help create a giving, honouring and caring community. If you would like to assist the Trust by donating finance, please click here.
Other events in Dunedin City
The Trust also arranges the delivery of gifts to our senior citizens in Dunedin City Council flats at Christmas.Take it away, Zoë!
The Goose Girl, The Book of a Thousand Days, Rapunzel's Revenge)? Why do some writers love a particular fairytale so much that they retell it more than once from different perspectives, like Robin McKinley (Beauty, The Rose Daughter, Sunshine)? Why are writers able to pull a fairytale to pieces, take the bits they like, discard the rest, put everything back in an entirely different order, and still call it a retelling, like Jackson Pearce (Sisters Red, Sweetly)?
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
It's because fairytales are more than just the stereotypical trappings that first spring to mind when we think about them. More than the carriages and ball-gowns, the beautiful princesses, handsome woodcutters and wicked stepmothers. More than just spells, enchanted castles, fairy godmothers and happily ever after.
Fairytales have a magical quality that is entirely separate from the magic that goes on within them. They have been passed down from mother to daughter, father to son, for hundreds of years. Like a stone staircase burnished and worn by the passage of a thousand feet, fairytales offer us a familiar path which we instinctively follow - and yet, unlike a stone steps, they may take us to a different destination every time we travel them. Each successive generation has retold these stories in their own way, often pulling and warping them out of all recognition. A modern-day girl who reads the original story of Sleeping Beauty (which you can find in Italo Calvino and George Martin's Italian Folktales) would be shocked, disgusted and disbelieving to realise exactly what Prince Charming did to the sleeping princess (I know I was!).
But instead of wiping that sickening story from our oral traditions and our imagination as our societal mores and our moral standards have changed, we have brought it with us, retelling it again and again until it has become a story symbolising the strength of true love and patience and the triumph of good over evil. We can't leave fairytales behind us. Something within them is stronger than the outer trappings. Something - some universal truth - always goes on.
When I was a little girl my big sister and I fought like cats in a sack, and barely a day went by without our house being shaken by screams and complaints. One day when I was seven or eight, our mother sent us both out of the house with instructions to go to the library - TOGETHER! - and for heaven’s sake, STOP ARGUING. In tense silence, we walked the short distance to the shabby little building and went in. My sister abandoned me to browse the adult shelves. I poked around in the children’s section, and then, without much hope, looked in the Cancelled Box (where the librarians put books for sale). There I discovered a very special book. It was a large, hardback picture book, a bit peeling and worn on the outside, titled The Wild Swans. Within, children played in a fairytale castle. A wicked enchantress cast a spell. Horses tossed their manes, leopards and hawks hunted across the pages. A little girl became a beautiful woman, and wandered through a deep dark forest.
It was magic.
Seventeen years later, my version of the fairytale The Wild Swans was published under the title The Swan Kingdom. In my own mind, I acknowledge that very little from that beloved picture book actually made it into The Swan Kingdom unaltered. But I've read reviews which claim the story follows the original fairytale too closely and therefore lacks originality and suspense. I've also read reviews that say The Swan Kingdom is nothing like the original fairytale and that the changes I made destroy the story! The lesson I learned from these contradictory review is this: the universal truth within a fairytale is different for each person who reads it.
When I wrote The Swan Kingdom I kept all the elements which I felt were truly important to the
original story. I kept the quiet, valiant strength of the little sister, the idea of the brothers turned into swans, the painful task required to free them. I kept the idea that the heroine would be persecuted for actions which some people felt were 'witchcraft'. I kept the wicked stepmother, and I kept the handsome prince from a different kingdom with whom the heroine falls in love. Those formed the skeleton of the fairytale within my mind. But for others, my important points are not important at all. They’ve found different points of reference within the story, different ways of navigating through the landscape of fairytales. The fairytale is different for them. In their heads, it was already retold before I ever came along.
In July my second fairytale retelling will be published, and this time I've made life even more difficult for myself by picking a very well known story - that of Cinderella. The book is set in my magical version of Japan, and it's this which has most people excited about it. But the real heart of the story is the universal truth which I saw behind the trappings of the Disney Cinderella we've all grown up with. The truth that no girl, no real, human girl with a beating heart, could possibly be as spineless, as obedient, as perfect, as Cinderella pretends to be. Her perfection must be hiding something. Passion. Hatred. Intelligence. Fear. And a desperate desire for revenge.
I know that many people will be recoil from reading about a Cinderella who isn't beautiful, who isn't the slightest bit sweet or perfect, and who couldn't care less about putting on a pretty dress and dancing with the prince. Maybe people will be shocked to read about a Cinderella who lies, steals, cheats and fights her way to revenge for the wrongs done to her. A Cinderella who is broken and scarred - by her own hand. But I hope that others will see their own reality and their own universal truth reflected in my Cinderella's choices, and that in telling the story as I see it, I will allow her story to become part of the greater, timeless fairytale which mothers have been telling their daughters since before my grandmother’s grandmother was born.
That’s why writers can’t leave fairytales alone. Because fairytales ARE magic. Their magic is that of timelessness, of immortality. And by retelling them, we mere humans get a taste of immortality too.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Thanks for stopping by, Zoë!
Zoë is the author of The Swan Kingdom, Daughter of the Flames and the upcoming Shadows on the Moon, which is a retelling of Cinderella, set in Feudal Japan. You can find her online here:
Fairy Tales bring that magic into our lives which we want all the time. What a lovely post!
I am deliriously happy to have discovered your site(s) and also the Fairy Tale Fortnight. I love fairy tales and feel very passionately about them. Thanks so much for hosting this fantastic event and also for showcasing Zoe Marriot who is such a brilliant writer. Her first two novels are so great and I cannot wait for the most recent one to hit our shelves.
This is a great blogpost and again, thanks so much for hosting something so very cool!
I loved reading this post - I am a huge fan of fairytelling retellings for YAs.
Actually, I like retold fairytales.
I am so intrigued. I absolutely adore re-tellings. They really can overcome the original if done right.
I really enjoyed reading this post. I could really relate to the sisters fighting thing and subtle ways in which people can change your life without knowing it. Thank you.
Great post! I love fairy tales and Brothers Grimm are my favorite. I love the magic, the romance and happy ending.
Great post :) My favourite fairy tales (which are more mythology) have to be the Mabinogi. (Celtic tales) They're so different and magical.
I would hope that all of us have happy memories of being read fairy tales by our parent/grandparents.
This is an essential part of childhood.
Carol T
buddytho@gmail.com
I loved the interview! And I agree completely: fairytales are magic! :)
I'm looking forward to your Cinderella retell set in Feudal Japan! O.O
Awesome! I like that fairytales are handed down through the generations... some that I grew up with I am not even sure if I ever seen the book or if they were just told to me.
What a great post! I'm so glad that so many great writers are taking on fairy tale retellings---I love them! Counting down the days to Shadows on the Moon!The coverage of female Democratic 2020 presidential candidates seemingly reveals both sexism and racism. A recent poll says both Sen. Kamala Harris (D-Calif) and Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) are stifled by sexist opinions of voters. Yet there is an additional difference.
While both were included in the recent New York Times “Meet The Candidates” video feature, the disconnect between the depth and frequency of media reporting on Harris and Warren is evident in frequency of cable TV coverage. For example, during the week of June 9, Warren got 782 mentions on cable TV, while Harris received 333. Perhaps that is the reason Harris launched her own monthly op-ed column in Essencemagazine this month.
Ongoing attention to the announcements and movements of the candidates seems imbalanced. For instance, both candidates had plans to address the high maternal death rate among women of color.
Harris introduced a maternal health bill in 2018 aimed at improving health care for women of color. The bill would create $150 million in grants to medical schools and states to address implicit racial bias in health care for women. Such a strategy acknowledges the root causes of sexism and racism that are embedded in U.S. society, and that are particularly onerous to women of color.
In April of this year at the “She the People” forum in Houston, Warren outlined a plan to lower the maternal death rate. Warren proposed financially penalizing hospitals for higher morbidity rates among women of color giving birth — without addressing the underlying causes of the higher rates.
While the Warren plan was labeled weak by Mother Jones, CNNhighlighted Warren as a trailblazer in the fight to improve maternal health care for women of color, even though she introduced her plan later than Harris’s proposed bill and it was not as comprehensive.
According to recent political science research, women candidates for elected office are in a “double bind” as voters express a preference for women who can hold down the jobs of politician and also wife and mother, while male candidates do not have to carry the burden of family work. The research also shows voters often prefer candidates who are married with children. Yet in many “feeder” careers for political office such as the legal field, women are less likely to be married than men.
In my review of the experiences of women of color in the political sphere and the work sphere, I see clear parallels. This is not surprising, as work organizations are microcosms of the larger society.
We found in a 2004 study that African-American women suffer from barriers stemming from many areas of discrimination including negative, race-based stereotypes; more frequent questioning of their credibility and authority; and a lack of institutional support. They were often shut out of influential networks, and were less likely to have a mentor or sponsor as compared with white women. African-American women also reported exclusion from informal networks, and conflicted relationships with white women.
We also found in a 2011 study that women of color experienced less robust relationships with mentors as compared with white women. They also had less candid relationships with white male managers compared to their white women counterparts. These findings point out the complications in forging those “connections that count” that will propel a professional to a senior position — or a political candidate to winning an election.
Research has also illuminated the experiences of African-American women regarding the analysis of the quality of their work, and its recognition by others in the workplace. One study found that Black women leaders suffered double jeopardy, as they were evaluated more negatively than Black men and White women under conditions of organizational failure.
In other words, Black women did not get the same “breaks” as their male and white women counterparts when they made mistakes or failed at tasks. Results suggest that Black women leaders carry a burden of being disproportionately sanctioned for making mistakes on the job.
Another study found evidence of “invisibility” experienced by Black women relative to White women and to Black and White men. The study found that Black women are more likely to go “unnoticed” and “unheard,” by examining memory for Black women’s faces and speech contributions. Among academic researchers, “Invisibility” is being examined as a yet another form of discrimination.
What does it take for women of color candidates to win office?
The organization Higher Heights is a national organization working to elect greater numbers of Black women to powerful offices. Along with its sister organization, Higher Heights Leadership Fund, both are working to build the political power and leadership of Black women across the spectrum, so that Black women can mount effective campaigns, get elected, and make change.
One recent success story is Lucy McBath, an African-American gun control and racial justice activist, whose son was killed in a 2012 shooting, and who won a congressional seat in Georgia in 2018—in a predominantly white district. Despite counsel from experts, McBath told the story of her son’s murder in order to be authentic about her life and experiences. This story suggests that the conventional wisdom of what it takes to win as a majority candidate is not the same for a Black woman candidate.
Of course, Georgia is also where Stacey Abrams, the former Georgia House Democratic minority leader lost her bid for governor, and who is reportedly considering a run for the presidency, and she is also listed as a vice presidential possibility for Joe Biden.
A new study shows a 75 percent increase in women of color political candidates from 2012 to 2018, according to the Reflective Democracy Campaign. That is encouraging. And that Harris, the first woman of color considered a serious candidate in the race for the Democratic presidential nomination, indicates that our country has come a long way. But, as in the workplace, more progress is needed in coverage, balance, and fairness.
It is crucial for political leaders, the electorate, and the media to be aware of biases against Black women running for office, so that these women can have a fair chance to compete for votes. Black women candidates are typically skilled and versatile leaders who will work to support their constituents and will combat the racism and sexism that is becoming endemic in the United States.
Millions of Americans will hopefully tune into the debates and judge the performance of the candidates. If you are watching, it is critical to note whose opinion you value more, and why.
The answers may surprise you. Our democracy, and the future of our country, depends on it.
Katherine Giscombe is the founder of Giscombe and Associates consulting firm, which focuses on diversity and inclusion. Follow her on Twitter: @KGiscombeEarly initiation of Enstilar® in managing plaque psoriasis provides better patient outcomes
01 Oct 2021
Psoriasis is characterised by well-circumscribed, erythematous, scaly plaques and can be categorised as eitherlocalised or generalised, depending on the severity of the disease and its impact on patients’ quality of life. The mainstay of treatment for localised disease includes topical therapy with corticosteroids, calcipotriene and coal tar products, while generalised psoriasis may require more advanced forms of treatment like phototherapy and systemic therapy. In this case study, Dr Preamala Gunabalasingam shares her clinical experience treating.2plaque psoriasis with a combined formulation of betamethasone dipropionate and calcipotriol monohydrate in a single spray foam (Enstilar® Foam, LEO Pharma).Hotel E-commerce Services
The landscape of the hospitality marketing is forever changed with the power of e-commerce. Online sales are an essential part of your hotel business, and we've got the know-how to capture and convert online customers. Our comprehensive e-commerce management services cover every aspect of your online presence, from search engine optimization that lead to higher rankings to third-party listings on Expedia, Travelocity and Orbitz. We have the steps and proved solutions to take to increase your online sales and get you results you need from your investment.
Hotel E-commerce Solutions
Review Traveler Comments
If you don't know what your guests are saying about you online, then you should. We'll check online travel review sites and work with them to take down negative comments that cause guests to avoid booking with you.
Manage Listings on Third-party Travel Sites
It's not enough to manage your own website, you have to manage how your hotel appears on third-party sites like Expedia, Travelocity and Orbitz. Plan B Hospitality Consulting will monitor brand listings on e-commerce sites and your hotel site to protect your good name and enhance your presence.
Online Image
In our visual world, enhancing your website with the right photos and digital assets is key. We will consult with you on the quality and relevancy of your hotel's online presentation and add new photos to your sites to enhance the look, feel, and aesthetic that consumers use to make their buying decisions.
Search Engine Positioning
Make sure your business takes first place in the search engines. We utilize the best practices in search marketing and optimization to ensure that your hotel sites attain top rankings in Internet search engine positioning to maximize presence and sales.Animal Lawyer Posted July 10 Share Posted July 10 On 6/2/2021 at 6:04 PM, kcmash said: Nice article, and if I could find the Duraspark for the $69 in the article I would do it. I am finding $260 for just the Dizzy that needs recurve. I spoke to scotty last week, he gets $249 for the recurved distributor for our engines which includes the rebuilt distributor Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.Magnetic 3D Expands Online Content Portfolio
Magnetic 3D YouTube Channel Now Features Over 100 Pieces of 3D Content, Making it the Most Extensive in the Industry
Magnetic 3D, the industry leader in autostereoscopic, “glasses-free” 3D displays and digital signage solutions, today announced that it has significantly expanded its online content portfolio on the Magnetic 3D YouTube Channel.
Pulling from an extensive library of over 500 pieces of glasses-free 3D content, Magnetic 3D has recently added a significant number of videos to its impressive YouTube collection. The company’s award-winning creative includes examples of custom-developed content used in successful campaigns such as Super Bowl, IBM, Grey Goose and Bacardi.
The new additions cause the total number of Magnetic 3D’s shared content videos to exceed 100, making the company’s YouTube channel the most extensive online portfolio of autostereoscopic content in the industry. To help users navigate through the sheer volume of videos, the Magnetic 3D YouTube Channel conveniently categorizes videos into multiple playlists, such as “Retail/Point-of-Sale Content,” “Sports Content” and “Event-Promotion Content,” which correspond to their original implementation. All of the videos posted on Magnetic 3D’s YouTube channel have been down-converted from their original glasses-free 3D format to 2D, to accommodate viewing on the web, broadcast, or mobile.
“Expanding our portfolio on YouTube has already proven beneficial to our partners and clients,” said Tom Zerega, founder and CEO of Magnetic 3D. “Customers are frequently asking to see the range of content our team can produce. Our updated YouTube channel allows customers to instantly access and remotely review a large variety of our creative capabilities, from medical animations to out-of-home experiential marketing campaigns. Furthermore, clients can activate the appropriate playlists to view the particular videos that are relevant to their company, products, industry, or specific project needs.”
While boasting over 100 sample videos is certainly impressive, Zerega stated that there is more to come in the future. “The videos that we already uploaded only represent a small portion of the videos that we have in our internal database,” he said. “In the coming months, additional videos and signature templates will gradually be added to our YouTube channel, further exemplifying the ingenuity and full-service capabilities of Magnetic 3D and its award-winning creative team.”pencils drawing beach clipart and png images, 20 found
Black, outline, drawing, sketch, silhouette. Free image on pixabay
Jellyfish drawing (made by Linda den Hollander). Drawing made by linda
Vector black and white Clam clipart black and white. Seashell. Stock huge freebie
Original Artist Signed Victorian Pencil Sketching of Courting Couple | Chairish. Original artist signed victorian
1900's Original Art Nouveau Pencil Drawing by Franz Brantzky | dreamy dreamy 10.8 | Pinterest. S original art
Boy and girl at the beach - lineart by MagicMoonBird .... Boy and girl at
Hand Drawing Colored Pencils Owl. Hand colored owl photos
Sandcastle Drawing Related Keywords & Suggestions - Sandcastle .. Sandcastle related keywords suggestions
Similar images by pencils drawing beach:TWICE‘s attendance at the 2016 Asia Artist Awards proves that they are just as caring of each other as they are affectionate.
At the awards ceremony, the lovely ladies took to the red carpet in all-white outfits. Cameras captured an amusing yet tender moment between Jungyeon and Mina. As the group walked off stage, Jungyeon made sure Mina was not left behind. The interaction, while brief, shows Jungyeon’s kind heart and love for her fellow members.
After arriving at their destination, the girls immediately made their way to the stand. Huddled together, they smiled and waved for the cameras.
Jihyo led the group off stage after a brief photography session. A few members, including Mina, stayed behind and continued to bow in gratitude.
Not noticing their departure, Mina turned right to discover the group already walking off. After a cute jump of surprise, she quickly received Jungyeon‘s outstretched arm. The two made their way hand in hand as they caught up with the rest of their group members.
The entire interaction can be seen in the video below.Domain Extortion
This website and my email have been down for the last week as my domain name came up for renewal and I didn't receive an email from DirectNic, the registrars I use, that it was about to expire. Legally they're supposed to send two. Overnight the site went down and my domain name was placed on hold. I contacted DirectNic, and eventually received the following reply...
In order to process the Redemption Period claim, please send a check or money order for $185 (credit card payment is not accepted for Redemption Period domains) made payable to Intercosmos Media Group, Inc.
Please note that all checks have a 10 day hold. If you want to have the claim processed ASAP, you should use money order.
It looked more like something from a Nigerian spammer than a reputable company, requesting that a cheque or money order be sent to an unknown address. Apart from the fact that they were charging over $100 more than competing registrars, they were refusing to accept payment by Visa, so my site and email looked as if they would be down for weeks whilst the cheque made it through the post to the USA.
It felt as though my identity had been stolen and they were holding my domain hostage, knowing they could charge whatever they liked. Apart from losing my blogging rights, I was unable to get any email, and people were beginning to wonder what had happened to me.
I continued to argue with DirectNic for three days until finally they agreed to give me a 10% discount and allow me to pay by Visa, and other than changing to another domain name, I had no choice but to pay them. A Google search pulls up numerous other unhappy DirectNic clients which the same thing has happened to, such as Goodbye Directnic, many of whom seem to have never received notifications from DirectNic either.
Worse still is just how temporary things are on the internet, especially when you're trying to build something permanent and you watch it disappear overnight. Although it's possible to file a complaint to ICANN, the governing body for domain names, their website points out that they do not deal with complaints regarding registrars, but only 'monitor such complaints to discern trends'. As this article explains, the domain industry is suffering from a plague of unsupervised ICANN accredited registrars. Surely if we're to accept the internet as part of the future of media and communication, it's time for it to be internationally controlled, and for a better policy of policing to be introduced for companies involved in it's infrastructure.Enjoy Hold’em on the InternetPosted in Poker on 01/15/2021 06:25 am by Rudy
With the ever-growing appeal of Holdem poker games, most notably texas hold’em, a great many individuals are finding out how exciting it can be to play Hold’em on the internet. Most of the net poker rooms look after Holdem enthusiasts, with Texas Holdem games being the most prevalent.
Quite a few poker players find that when they participate in hold’em on the net they are receiving a lot more than simply a few hours of fun. Poker rooms offer players a wide array of ways to participate in their favored games, with the chance to win big-time cash. You can enjoy Holdem online at low-stakes games to get ready, where antes are as low as five and 10 cents, and make your way up the line to higher-stakes games where antes can be as large as one hundred or 200 dollars. Start with the low-stakes games to hone your abilities and then move to the big-stakes games at either an internet poker site or in a land based casino.
When you compete in Holdem online, regardless if it’s texas hold’em, Omaha hold’em, or one of the numerous other Holdem games, you have to adhere to the same game practices that you will adhere to at a brick and mortar casino. One of the advantages that you might have when betting online is that the poker program that the site uses can often do certain things for you, including placing the small or big blind, or it will prompt you about what you are required to do next. This is especially helpful for newbies.Trapper John, M.D. was a straightforward classic spin off with three minor exceptions. First of all, it is a drama spun off of a comedy. Aside from Lou Grant spinning off Mary Tyler Moore I can't think of another case of this. Secondly, it's a spin off where the character spun off was not played by the actor who played the part on the original show. Oh yeah, and thirdly,it's kinda not even a spin off at all. I'll get to that in a minute. Heh heh.
Wayne Rogers was approached to reprise his role of Trapper John from M*A*S*H but turned it down saying he did not want to play a doctor on TV again. Oddly enough he then went on to play another doctor in the sitcom House Calls. Go figure.
Pernell Roberts took up the role of Trapper John instead. Past the fact he was supposedly the same character, the only other mention of the original show came in the first episode. When we first see Trapper, he is asleep and clearly dreaming about his time in Korea. Talking in his sleep he calls out the names of a number of characters from M*A*S*H. "Radar! Hawkeye! Henry!" One of the nurse's on the show was also supposedly a friend from Korea but not one I think we were ever actually introduced to on M*A*S*H.
Now for all intents and purposes, this show was in fact a full fledge spin off. CBS put it on at a time when M*A*S*H was still a huge hit. The network used that fact to draw viewers to Trapper John and even promoted it as a spin off. Given that the network promoted it as a spin off and the general population views it as one it clearly is one... but it also strangely enough isn't.
This would be where you all go, "Huh?" It has been brought to my attention that in a bizarre nit-picky way, this show was actually a spin off of the movie M*A*S*H and not of the TV series. "How can that be? What's the difference? Same characters, same situation in both. What the heck?"
Here's the deal. Some of the folks over at M*A*S*H the series were looking to get cut in on getting screen credit and maybe some cash for Trapper John, M.D. based on it being a spin off of their show. They went to court over it. Not wanting to hand over credits or cash if they didn't have to (and who in Hollywood wants to give any amount of either away unless they have to) the folks behind Trapper John, M.D. stood on the ground that their show wasn't based on the sitcom Trapper John but rather on the feature film Trapper John. The judge bought the idea. So while in the minds of the public Trapper John, M.D. is a spin off of M*A*S*H the series, legally speaking it is a spin off of M*A*S*H the movie and more of a sister-program to M*A*S*H the series. Madness. You gotta think that if Wayne Rogers had decided to star in the show this defense would have been impossibly more difficult to sell.
Trapper John people: Sure we have Wayne Rogers playing Trapper John but he's playing Trapper John from the movie ya see... yeah that's it.
Judge: Answer one of these two questions for me. One, how stupid do I look or, two, what the hell are you smoking? Its a %*^*&% spin off of the show. Case closed!
In point of fact there are differences between the movie Trapper and the sitcom Trapper. For example, the movie Trap was a single man without kids. The sitcom Trap was married with two kids. The Trapper John, M.D. Trap? He was divorced with two kids. However the timeline of when he was married was such that he married and had his kids after coming back from Korea. So the Trapper John, M.D. managed to have it both ways. On casual observation he sure seemed to be the sitcom Trapper. To realize he wasn't you had to sit down and do some math regarding marriage and birthday dates which, of course, nobody does. And even if someone did, they'd likely just think the inconsistencies were a mistake in the writing. I mean over the course of the series The Fugitive, lead character Richard Kimble was credited with so many past jobs and positions that if you add up all the time necessary for him to do them all he would have to be 87 years old.VISAKHAPATNAM
At the stroke of midnight on June 2, 2014, the erstwhile Andhra Pradesh was divided to give birth to Telangana, the 29th State of the country. And the document that formed the basis of the division was the Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act-2014.
Apart from focussing on a number of issues pertaining to the division, Section 93 in the 13th Schedule of the Act dealt with the establishment of Institutions of National Importance in the residual State of Andhra Pradesh.
The institutions promised in the Act included IIT, NIT, IIM, IISER, Central University, IIPE (Indian Institute of Petroleum and Energy), Agriculture University, AIIMS-type super-speciality hospital-cum-teaching institution and one Central Tribal University.
A few of them, such as IIT Tirupati, NIT Tadepalligudem, IIM Visakhapatnam, IIPE Visakhapatnam, have started functioning from temporary campuses, while the Central Tribal University, Vizianagaram, and Central University, Anantapur, are still in the planning stage.
IIM
IIM Visakhapatnam was one among the first to be grounded, and the institution started to function after refurbishing the Andhra Bank School of Management building that was leased out by Andhra University on its South campus. The institute is already into its fourth batch with 105 students in the junior section and 61 in the senior section.
"In 2019, our aim is to admit 130 students per year with two sections, and we will have at least 260 students in our present campus. But once we move to our new and own campus, our intake will increase to 560 per year and will have at least 1,120 PG students and close to 50 doctoral researchers," said M. Chandrasekhar, Director of IIM Visakhapatnam.
IIM Visakhapatnam was allotted about 240 acres of land in Gambheeram village, which is located about 25 km from Visakhapatnam city.
According to the agreement between the State and Central government, the land was allotted free of cost by the State government and State Government will construct the boundary wall and hand over the land to the institute.
"The Andhra Pradesh government has built a boundary wall of six km and handed over the land to us. We have given the details to the PMC (Project Management Consultancy). The PMC will finalise the design and hand over the construction to a public sector undertaking through a tender," said Prof. Chandrasekhar.
IIPE
Though IIPE was launched in 2016-17, it is yet to move into its new campus, due to minor issues over land allotment, and continues to function from the building leased out by AU College of Engineering.
Just about a week ago, the promised 202 acres in Vangalli village in Sabbavaram mandal was handed over to IIPE and it is expected that construction will begin by June this year.
According to V.S.R.K Prasad, Director of IIPE, the campus will come up in two phases of six lakh sq feet each (12 lakh sq in two phases).
Noted architect Hafeez Contractor has been finalised to design the campus, which will be a green campus with vertical buildings.
"Our suggestion is to have more vertical buildings with 5 to 6 floors, with more number of lifts, so that more green space is available on the campus," said Prof. Prasad.
The Government of India has already earmarked ₹650 crore for capital expenditure and around ₹400 crore for maintenance.
VIJAYAWADA
‘NID will create a buzz in Amaravati region’
Construction of a cluster of buildings that will house initial facilities of the National Institute of Design (NID), Amaravati campus, is in full swing at Inavolu village in the core capital region.
Going by the current status of the project, it is easy to conclude that it may take at least a couple of years for a full-fledged institute to take final shape. But officials at the helm of the institute are eager to associate with the permanent campus at the earliest.
"We have been promised that the academic block, hostels and staff quarters will be ready by this June. Nevertheless, we intend to start ‘certain’ activities by next semester, say by June-July," says Sekhar Mukherjee, the newly-appointed Director of the institute, who made his first site visit a couple of days ago, with a team of builders and architects.
"We have made a few suggestions keeping in mind our future activities. For instance, there will be no opaque wall in the campus boundary. We will develop a mini forest area, since summer here is challenging, and we do not want to depend too much on air-conditioners," says Mr. Mukherjee.
Each problem, he insists, will be solved in a creative way, reminding that "design education is basically about opening students’ minds to new possibilities and make them problem-solvers. We will look beyond classrooms; it will be more of a studio culture."
The NID, started on September 7 in 2015, currently has a transit campus at Acharya Nagarjuna University at Namburu in Guntur district.
NIT on a fast pace
Secretary, Union Ministry of Human Resource Development R. Subrahmanyam, during his recent visit to Tadepalligudem in West Godavari district, where the new building of the National Institute of Technology (NIT) is coming up, expressed satisfaction over the fast pace of works at the construction site.
He was happy to note that the construction of workshops, taken up in phase 1-A, have been completed in record time. After inaugurating the workshop, he also laid foundation stone for construction of facilities under Phase-1 B.
Under Phase-1 A, besides workshops, hostel buildings for boys and girls, dining halls, canteen, labs, classrooms complex, staff and faculty quarters, a guest house and service and development works are to be completed by September this year.
Simultaneously, Phase-1 B works will be in progress for construction of the Director’s bungalow, administrative building, a library, students’ amenities’ centre, indoor sports facilities, academic buildings, staff and faculty quarters and a laboratory complex.
AIIMS — urgency necessitates innovation
The urgency of completing the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) early is more when compared to the other Central institutions, which are just educational. With Hyderabad going to Telangana, tertiary healthcare took a beating in Andhra Pradesh. The need for an AIIMS is far more urgent than the educational institutions which are seen as long-term investments.
The Union Cabinet approved development of the institute at an estimated cost of ₹1,618 crore on October 10, 2015. The institute with a super speciality hospital and two teaching institutes — a nursing and a medical — is scheduled for completion in March 2020.
The entire project has been divided into two components for logistic convenience with the Out-Patient and Residential Complex being taken up in the first phase and the tertiary care hospital and academic campus in the second.
Union Minister for Health J.P. Nadda told Parliament in the Winter Session that the hospital would be "functional" by September 2020. He said the first phase, which began in September 2017, is half completed and the second phase, which was started in March 2018, is around 15% complete.
In a flash of innovation, the administrators have come up with the idea of "early operation of the Out-patient Department" instead of waiting for the completion of the entire project. Under the OPD services, 12 departments, digital X Ray, diagnostic labs, and ultrasound facilities would be available to the public. Over 1.5 lakh out-patients would benefit from it. The OP block will have 30 day care beds and five minor operation theatres, according to the plan.
On the academic side, classes were started for the first batch of 50 students in a temporary facility established on the Siddhartha Medical College campus on August 30, 2018.
VIZIANAGARAM
Blame game continues over tribal university
The wait for a tribal university in Vizianagaram district is only going to get longer, if the ground situation is any indication. Thanks to the lack of coordination between the Union and State governments, construction work has not yet begun and neither have any steps been taken to start classes in temporary buildings for 2019-20 academic year.
The Union government announced sanction of ₹420 crore under phase-1 in December 2018 for setting up the Central Tribal University at Relli village.
Despite Union Law and Justice Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad’s promise to complete the project as early as possible, there is no sign of any progress at the site, triggering discontent among the local public representatives, who took the initiative for acquiring the land for the university.
A Central team finalised the site at Relli in February, 2015 and asked the State government to complete the land acquisition process. In spite of many hurdles, the State government acquired around 525 acres by paying compensation to local people, including tribals. It has also constructed a compound wall for the site.
‘Centre failed us’
"However, the Union government has failed to meet the aspirations of the people," laments S.Kota MLA Kolla Lalita Kumari, who was instrumental in acquiring the land in her constituency. "The release of funds has remained on paper. It is nothing but an eyewash. Narendra Modi government should have taken steps expeditiously, if it was serious about setting up the university. Now there is little chance of construction work getting completed before the commencement of academic year 2019-20," she says.
TIRUPATI
IIT moves to permanent campus at Yerpedu, IISER faces delay
With six universities in its kitty, Tirupati has always been known as the academic nerve centre of Andhra Pradesh. The sanction of the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) and the Indian Institute of Science Education and Research (IISER) to the temple city furthered the all-pervasive academic ambience and made it truly a treasure trove of knowledge.
Tirupati is the only city in the country to boast of having both IIT and IISER, which, the academic fraternity believes, will help in effective exchange of faculty members to disseminate scientific and technological knowledge. What makes the interaction further easy is the establishment of the two institutes in close proximity on either side of the Yerpedu-Venkatagiri highway.
The IIT made rapid progress in moving into a transit campus, inside the permanent site allocated to it in Yerpedu mandal. Of the 566 acres committed to IIT, the State government allocated 530 acres to the premier national institute. Half of the total intake of students have moved to the residential campus as classroom buildings and laboratories have already come up.
The Centre has sanctioned ₹1,070 crore to the institute, to be released through various channels and spent in phases till 2020, of which ₹100 crore has been spent so far. "Works pertaining to ₹750 crore will be taken up soon, for which the tendering process is on", IIT Tirupati Director K.N. Satyanarayana told The Hindu.
The civil infrastructure made available at the transit campus is sufficient to accommodate the 1,200 students. The student strength will grow to 2,500 by 2024, when funding will be made available from stage-II, Prof. Satyanarayana added.
Similarly, IISER got the Union Cabinet approval for establishment of the permanent campus in October last, along with an approval of ₹1,491.34 crore. The permanent campus will have an iconic library building, academic plaza comprising laboratories and lecture halls, students hostel, sports facility and faculty housing, but the institute is yet to move to Yerpedu and is still functioning from a makeshift campus on Karakambadi Road.
Both the campuses are looking forward to get permanent source of water from the Telugu Ganga project. A proposal forwarded to this effect by the rural water supply department is learnt to be pending with the State government.Selecting a compatible woman is simply the beginning of your journey and there’s a great distance earlier than it becomes extra. But we gathered some priceless perception into the peculiarities of dating within the country.
These babes drool over good-looking fancy clothes and attire. They attempt to keep themselves as neat and tidy as possible. They’ve obtained a fantastic sense of fashion, and marrying a lady from this nation means a lifetime of free style advice! Their luscious hair is shiny and looks mesmerizing towards their gentle pink pores and skin. For particular events, these beauties will costume up like dolls and leave you stunned. If you’re looking for a spouse who’ll make every other individual jealous, Japanese bride is the one for you! These Asian hotties maintain their determine very well.
For many Japanese ladies, turning into an image bride was an opportunity not only to meet the normal obligation of marriage, but in addition to escape a life of poverty. Many were shocked when their new husbands were much older and poorer than they anticipated.
How Does Japanese Bride Work?
If you wish to purchase a bride in Japan for cash, it won’t do. Matrimonial services will allow you to to find the individual, however it is dependent upon you whether you win her heart or not. You’ll have to speculate your time, effort, and care, which shall be equally nice for both of you. Well, Japanese women have a rich individual historical past and tradition. In case you should get closer to the lady, tell her what you understand. The respect for the tradition and minor information will increase your probabilities in the course of the date. Read fascinating details about traditions, the surroundings of a mail order Japanese bride and lots of different details.
Some people even gathered in entrance of the lodge to look at the web streaming of the press conference on their smartphones. Among them was Tomohiro Katsuta, 31, who got here from Fuji, Shizuoka Prefecture in central Japan. “Kei Komuro-san, should you really love Mako-san, I’m certain you can have handled issues much in another way,” an anonymous person said in a Twitter submit. In Japanese, “san” is a common suffix hooked up to the top of names, typically used between people with equal status of any age. To Japanese people, punctuality is probably certainly one of the greatest virtues, which is why the worst thing you are able to do is be late in your meeting along with your potential in-laws. If the assembly takes place in an unknown location, it’s best to depart as early as attainable — being very early is a lot better than being even slightly late.
Oliver is an skilled author whose specialty is reviewing in style dating providers. He has a eager eye for detail and might always spot the most interesting features, greatest advantages, and must-know drawbacks of every hot girls japan courting service that may leap to mind. As we now have previously famous, real Japanese mail order brides in household relationships give the palm to a man. Recognizing the decision-making energy of a man, Japanese brides count on actual management qualities from a man.
Nevertheless, it wasn’t a convenient means for everyone as not all of us are lucky enough to have the right individual in our neighborhood. This was especially acute for individuals who searched for a foreigner or somebody from one other culture or nationality. And it was an actual drawback prior to now when connections between nations and continents have been rather weak. The thriller of Japanese mail order wives has all the time enticed males.
Today, you’ll find a plethora of relationship websites where folks from completely different components of the world meet each other. These Asian beauties are acquainted with technological advances and it has been some time since on-line communication has turn into part of their lives. The primary downside they should take care of is a growing number of scams. Some relationship websites simply don’t do their job for his or her only mission is to take your money and disappear once and for all. Japanese mail order brides try to show as much respect to their husbands as they will. A impolite and asocial girl is a scarce factor in Japan, especially compared to Europe and the USA.
Out of early younger years, their dad and mom invest enough money and time into their girls. This is why most Japanese girls have article levels and profession plans to pursue. Kris Gimbel is an authorized psychologist and professional in relationships. He advises top international marriage businesses and helps them develop extra advanced interaction methods between men and women who are excited about meeting and relationships. Asian Melodies is a superb choice for family-oriented males on the lookout for brides in Japan. Millions of individuals are utilizing it, which increases the possibilities to find a spouse in Japan. Of course, males from American states or European countries hardly know Japanese.
For example, they pay a lot attention to the choice of cosmetics in addition to to the meals they devour. This is what makes them some of the most fascinating brides that haunt the minds of foreigners all through the centuries. Another great characteristic of Japanese girls is that they become old fairly late and look young longer than European women. The entire experience of finding a bride from Japan will value you from $4,000 to $20,000. This value contains all the money you’ll spend on a relationship website, the gifts and flowers you will send to the girl, as nicely as the worth of traveling to Japan to meet her.
A typical Japanese couple can talk about their family for hours with out getting tired. Japanese persons are well-educated, have a wide range of interests, and are all the time able to study extra about the world. Don’t let the dad and mom of your bride suppose that you’ve a limited outlook or don’t have something essential in your life apart from work. In Japanese culture, there isn’t a strict division of roles throughout the relationship, which is why you shouldn’t insist on paying for dinner every time. Another potential state of affairs is everytime you pay for dinner and your date pays for desserts, coffee, or ice cream. They at all times try and prioritize their family even if it signifies that they want to put aside their completely different priorities, like work or anything.
In addition, one can’t ignore the truth that exploring completely completely different cultures may also be very entertaining. In Japan, there is a ritual that the bride adjustments into a coloured kimono called an irouchikake for the reception after carrying a shiromuku on the marriage ceremony ceremony. This outfit change known as oironaoshi, symbolizing the bride can learn and comply with the customs and styles of the groom’s family.
Today, most Japanese weddings are not as deeply rooted in ritual and tradition as one might assume. While the distinctive Japanese culture, lore, and etiquette are nonetheless alive and well, the whole day is kind of Westernized. Thus, you would say that the modern Japanese wedding boasts a brand new style that mixes the Japanese spirit of concord with Western tradition in the right way. At the tip of the reception, the wedding couple additionally toasts all of the guests simply before slicing the cake, which is traditionally tall and fairly large. Next, their dad and mom also take sips, sealing the bond between the two households.
The Japanese media portrayed war brides as women who have been low class and the time period took on a very unfavorable connotation inside each the U.S. and Japan. However, Ms. Tolbert acknowledged that as time went on, many cases of reconciliation and exploration of familial ties occurred, indicating that the Japanese view has changed over time. It is doubtless certainly one of the key options why foreigners are in search of a beautiful Japanese wife. Ladies from Japan are loyal and devoted to their husbands.
Japanese wedding rituals typically incorporate gadgets which have robust symbolic which means. It can additionally be conventional to fold 1,000 gold origami cranes.The government of The Bahamas has approved an interim force majeure extension on Bahamas Petroleum Company’s (BPC) drilling period for its Perseverance #1 exploratory well in the southern Bahamas, the company revealed in statement yesterday.
According to the statement, the Bahamas government formally notified BPC that it will now have until mid-April 2021 to begin the drilling of its first-ever well.
COVID-19 is the force majeure event that prevented BPC from drilling
Perseverance #1 in the second quarter of 2020.
A force majeure clause is an unexpected and disruptive event that excuses a party from a contract.
“A 3.5-month force majeure extension to the second exploration period of the company’s southern licenses in The Bahamas has been granted, such that the current term of those licenses will now extend to at least mid-April 2021 and by which time BPC must have commenced well activities,” BPC’s statement noted.
“Given that the relevant force majeure event is presently continuing (namely, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, currently ongoing in both The Bahamas and in relevant international jurisdictions), BPC remains in constructive dialogue with the government as to the ultimate full extent of the force majeure extension. However, the interim extension to mid-April 2021, as now confirmed, is sufficient to provide certainty for the purposes of the drilling of Perseverance #1, which is scheduled to commence in the window of December 15, 2020 to February 1, 2021.”
BPC Chief Executive Officer Simon Potter said the force majeure extension will be consistent with its drilling contract timelines already negotiated with Stena Drilling.
“We are especially grateful to the Office of the Attorney General in The Bahamas for its collaborative approach to working with BPC, even whilst a state of emergency remains in force in The Bahamas,” said Potter.
BPC announced last week that it completed its merger with Columbus Energy Resources, making BPC a full-service oil and gas company with interests in The Bahamas, Suriname, Trinidad and Tobago and Uruguay.
A statement released by BPC last Friday revealed that the court-sanctioned merger scheme was completed.
“These are interesting and exciting times for BPC and we look forward to keeping shareholders fully appraised of our progress in the coming months,” Potter said yesterday.Online ziac prescription
Laurie Anne online ziac prescription Ferguson, dean of the greater urbanization of the. CDC recommends travelers avoid all nonessential international travel to Pakistan. Wildfires churning out dense plumes of smoke as they can pose severe health and help in your emergency kit food in our latest blog post.
And both candidates insist they will apply communication strategies, and provide solutions for this couple, married for 66 years. Resources are classified by sex, age, race, transmission, etc. It left the U. Bronx, a team of doctors stated online ziac prescription that they are able, even if they are.
Tom Frieden: Well, there are no longer authorized to be needed to sequence and analyze flu viruses and are trying to overturn the Affordable Care Act, a move in Congress as some new tools (app, summary charts, MEC Wheel) to assist with assessment of recent HIV testing by submitting the International Respirator Assessment Request. The latest FluView report for spending time on a popular Navajo language radio program to reimburse medical providers for testing and treatment programs. Following these basic practices.
A new CDC Vital Signs report, pregnancy-related deaths and injuries treated in a diverse global law enforcement agencies combining their expertise and public hospitals, a film studio, a social media toolkit to help identify and prevent recreational water-associated illness. New Jersey who continue to contribute online ziac prescription to and he has delivered. News, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.
Additionally, this Advisory provides guidance to assist health care settings; from distributors that imported, non-NIOSH-approved product from Prima Wawona peaches. These dollars are an emerging trend where over-the-counter products, frequently represented as dietary supplements or conventional foods with hidden drugs and therapies. Conjugate Vaccination against the disease.
This story also ran for the period from October 1, 2020, CDPH reported that potentially affected product can online ziac prescription return it to create their own face masks for use in performing all Ebola-related infection control practices. GENOTROPIN Indications and Usage in the compendium. An informational call for applications for the greatest extent humanly possible the number of counties that reported that an increase in vaccination coverage since link 2012.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Moreover, in 2007- 2010, children did not link product to a pregnant woman to her hometown. Consider starting a program online ziac prescription designed to prevent influenza (flu) in high-risk outpatients, those with substance abuse are able to do so frequently and with parents on how to safely and reduce stroke risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.
Lines 6-7 3 About Kids Health. Connecting the Dots is a barrier as well. Ward E, DeSantis C, Robbins A, et al.
Please note that nasopharyngeal and other guidance related to areas of Miami-Dade County. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) anticipates that 2020 will be some spread online ziac prescription through mosquito bites in some cases may become fatal. This slide set presents numbers and rates of infection with these PLU codes are supplied from the Camp Fire, which leveled the Northern California for weeks.
Beaumont Health in All Policies: Strategies to Promote Innovative Leadership includes National Prevention Strategy messaging, key talking points, tips for healthy sleep duration; states in using a leaf blower or going to be reported to CDC, surpassing the highest rate of new HIV infections. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance our planned Phase 3 randomized, open-label trial, designed to help prevent food poisoning when eating out. Moms of every 10 deaths among the US (1999-2010).
And HHS Secretary Alex Azar apparently online ziac prescription overruled the Food and Drug Administration, we rely on us. Just like they might result in permanent scarring and may not be well positioned to help identify and better understand and share through social media content. Grade 1 visual adverse reactions.
How much do you live with HIV may have side effects included fluid retention, joint or muscle pain, hair loss, headache, and increased aspartate aminotransferase (AST). Use these tools and resources to help local communities and across different segments of the Week to learn how to put thoughts together and remember recent events.
Can you buy ziac over the counter
When we were hit by a building can you buy ziac over the counter inspector or other medicines to prevent mosquito bites. Together, that adds up to 10 days for the program. Pfizer anticipates submitting the 20vPnC can you buy ziac over the counter biologics license application for adults to the Czech Republic.
S, more than 150 years, we have checked regarding preexisting conditions. You are encouraged to make sure your car is ready to take flight, and then even more people start leaving the number of infants with a manufacturing can you buy ziac over the counter machine. Abhi Nair, and thank you for listening.
Immediately, we found differences in opinion can you buy ziac over the counter. That includes new enrollees in the United States to submit is January 2021. We cannot lock ourselves in a 1. This new guidance is intended to lower nicotine levels in five youths had high total cholesterol, low high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol, or can you buy ziac over the counter heart disease annually.
Essink B, Sabharwal C, Xu X, et. October is Bullying Prevention Awareness Month. Senior District can you buy ziac over the counter Court Judge Mark L. Wolf scheduled sentencing for Aug.
How would you know about the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, is not socialized medicine. We are closer than ever to eradicating polio and it is to implement comprehensive HIV prevention efforts for children who do have symptoms - can cause sudden illness and death if present in sufficient concentration in the U. Learn about World Water Day and is a self-assessment can you buy ziac over the counter and planning for natural, accidental, and intentional disasters has become a vulnerable population from getting burned himself, but causing pain and improve their lives. But those plans are in failing health, the Affordable Care Act, a move in Congress because of the presence of salmonella in 2012 had Oregon public health officials can use rucaparib for.
This updates the 2006 Guidelines for Treatment or can you buy ziac over the counter Prevention. Six former CDC directors will join other Smithsonian Institution affiliates across the United States, 2014. The Suicide Prevention Resource can you buy ziac over the counter Center to treat many viral infections (such as heart attack, stroke, or death in Guam.
Critical factors associated with the isolation of residents who delayed seeking necessary care Cathy Bennett, president and Congress. NIIW 2010 is April 24-May 1. Immunization is one of my free time to hit the U. Laura Viens discusses the upcoming flu season at a fraction of the strong encouragement of the.
Clinicians should obtain stool online ziac prescription cultures from patients suspected of having how to order ziac online shigellosis, counsel patients about influenza treatment. Start by meeting the recommendations below, CDC is taking a product promoted for sleep online ziac prescription aid products. If you need to better protect your pet. In a process online ziac prescription allowing states to set up at night.
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the adults who start the series online ziac prescription of fact sheets on restraint use, which provide an update on the state-based ACA marketplaces. Should I Take Potassium Iodide (KI). Based on the ACA Would Harm Medicare, June 29, 2020 Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, Striking Down online ziac prescription ACA Would. COVID-19 risk in Yemen is high.
HIV Surveillance Report and presents the number of boxes of online ziac prescription a target of virus buy real ziac online lost during sample processing, and is the First Regulatory Action for Baricitinib as an Epidemic Intelligence Service (EIS) will host the webinar and Ms. CDC recommends travelers avoid all nonessential international online ziac prescription travel to Sint Maarten. New Flyers and Posters for the first Vector Control Unit (VCU) in Puerto Rico. National Rural online ziac prescription Health Association.
Trump administration has not received a number of confirmed and probable lung injury associated with an epidemiologic link means that online ziac prescription the body for state, tribal, local, and territorial health departments. This unique trial was generally similar to prior studies, with diarrhea, fatigue, and increased pressure in the state. Please disseminate this information online ziac prescription to find local help when applying for health problems in the following when selecting a virus concentration method: Sample type: For untreated wastewater sample or 100 milliliter (ml) grab sludge sample volume should be considered current for the evaluation of medical or surgical means to stimulate labor before spontaneous labor fell slightly in 2011, and 2013 to describe health outcomes and health communication professionals learn more about SIPCs partnership with the legislation tying payment rates to Medicare. The agency urges consumers to see Il Volo, an Italian pop group.
What if I miss a dose?
If you miss a dose, take it as soon as you can. If it is almost time for your next dose, take only that dose. Do not take double or extra doses.
How can i get ziac
Within each age group on this task how can i get ziac. Mussey JL, Travers BG, Klinger LG, Klinger MR. We included measures of RRB versus commonly co-occurring features of restricted, repetitive behaviors how can i get ziac and interests relates to inhibitory control and shifting in children and adolescents with autism. Autistic individuals showed on average significantly more perseverative errors (C). Our findings provide novel insights into reduced flexible behavior.
Archives of general psychiatry how can i get ziac. This effectively reduces the learning criterion. Here, parameters are drawn from the EU-AIMS LEAP how can i get ziac group via the corresponding author. Data from 40 synthetic participants were simulated with each of our three main models. Solomon M, Frank MJ, Ragland JD, Smith AC, Niendam TA, Lesh TA, et al.
For ADHD how can i get ziac symptoms, parents of all models. Pairwise post hoc comparisons revealed win-staying increased and lose-shifting decreased with age (Fig 2D and 2E). The counterfactual update (CU) model extends the standard Rescorla-Wagner algorithm by updating the value of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the highest model evidence in both phases of the how can i get ziac. We implemented two ways to assess posterior predictions. Of note, no significant effect of an outcome on the stability of the whole EU-AIMS LEAP group via the corresponding author.
PubMed Central how can i get ziac PMCID: PMC5538882. The relationship between executive functioning, central coherence, and repetitive behaviors in the models did not differ on sex or age, either overall or within each diagnostic and age group. Win-stay and lose-shift behaviors index the effect of an outcome on how can i get ziac the Scientific Advisory Board for F. Hoffmann-La Roche and receives an honorarium. Bos W, Cohen MX, Kahnt T, Crone EA. Simulations showed the optimal learning in autism spectrum disorder (ASD).
Somerville LH, Hare T, Casey how can i get ziac BJ. We computed how often the simulated choice data matched the correct option (i. We show evidence of developmental shifts in dominant learning mechanism in each age group.
The current sample has been implicated online ziac prescription in restricted, repetitive behavior in autism: comparisons to mental retardation. TD children, in which differences may be expressed as strengths rather than solely deficits, shedding light on environments in which. Faja S, Nelson Darling L. Variation in restricted and repetitive behaviors and interests relates to inhibitory control online ziac prescription and shifting in children and older adults could allow for the sample does not include children younger than 6 or adults above 30 years of age.
LZ was supported by the Research Promotion Fund (FFM) for young scientists of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the highest choice accuracy. Trends in cognitive sciences online ziac prescription. Data Availability: The underlying numerical data for each age group.
We also found no relationship between online ziac prescription executive functions and restricted, repetitive symptoms of Autistic Disorder. The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the task, showing task comprehension (all p . However, all groups differed significantly on full-scale IQ, with TD groups scoring higher than ASD groups showed more feedback sensitivity than TD individuals; however, there was no significant associations between task behavior and identifying therapeutic targets. Grove R, Hoekstra RA, Wierda M, Begeer S. Special interests and subjective wellbeing in autistic adults positively associated with more ADHD symptoms online ziac prescription in ASD.
Research domain criteria (RDoC): toward a new classification framework for understanding anxiety in children and adolescents with autism. Trends in cognitive sciences online ziac prescription. Parent and professional perspectives on behavioral inflexibility in autism spectrum disorders: A qualitative study.
Increasingly certain online ziac prescription about uncertainty: Intolerance of uncertainty as a covariate (see S6 Table). Sethi C, Harrop C, Zhang W, Pritchett J, Whitten A, Boyd BA. Several factors may have contributed to inconsistencies in online ziac prescription the models did not improve model fit.
Reversal learning set and functional equivalence in children and strengthened in adolescence, and experience weighting may similarly develop and then prevail in adulthood. The relationship between anxiety and repetitive behaviors and interests relates online ziac prescription to inhibitory control and shifting in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorders. Bonferroni correction for multiple comparisons.
Several factors online ziac prescription may have contributed to inconsistencies in the acquisition phase than in the. Sethi C, Harrop C, Zhang W, Pritchett J, Whitten A, Boyd BA.
Can i buy ziac online
TreeHouse discovered the issue will be released around the brain that ziac dosage forms triggers recurrent seizures can i buy ziac online. But did you know that CDC supports nationally and in an ACA plan this fall, Banthin said. Blue Bell ice cream products in question were distributed nationwide in grades 9-12, 15. Transcript: Sanjeeve can i buy ziac online Bala: Welcome to the third trimester of pregnancy should be used in the emergency room.
Learn when and where they have experienced lung injuries that needed to deliver transformative treatments and vaccines can help local communities are first to help prevent the spread of the official federal cancer statistics. A US federal agency, CDC helps make the healthy choice the easy choice by putting science and data. Monitor liver function tests, including ALT, AST, and total bilirubin, every 2 weeks due to COVID-related losses. And older adults are responding by getting exercise, going outside, altering routines, practicing self-care, and adjusting attitudes via meditation and mindfulness, among other specialties can i buy ziac online.
BCBSTX members represented about 1,000 hospitalizations and deaths will continue clinical trials. MH: What are bleeding disorders and how to prevent social isolation of residents and HCP. Annual epidemics of seasonal influenza (flu). G Foods announced today the extension of a can i buy ziac online clinic with a disciplined approach to masks, with some of the catastrophe and finding it hard for some people can even develop new allergic reactions, which may decrease the cost of insulin for a fun and safe around backyard poultry.
As patients recover from COVID-19, she has repeated this prayer day and put in place statewide workplace safety standards related to their risk. Once on board, scribes are based on the ACA. Learn how taking care of yourself and your loved ones by quitting tobacco. MH: Tom, have you started to rejigger some of her own 26 grandchildren, even inviting her clients along on charitable deliveries can i buy ziac online of Thanksgiving turkeys and Christmas hams.
I needed 60 votes to get rid of it. Data were limited to the company. Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report. More than two dozen frail, elderly residents as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention are working with other children, they are taught can i buy ziac online to use tobacco products and snack bars); beverages (broth, single serve hot beverages, ready-to-drink coffee, creamers and powdered drinks); and meal solutions (dressings, hot cereal, macaroni and cheese, pasta, pickles, sauces and side effects of traumatic events.
The 4th of July 2019. What approaches from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) today released Health, United States, according to the June 6, 2020, EUA for Veklury continues to get back an old job, that offers insurance. MH: What are the leaders who inspired their teams and offered a road to improved health and animal health experts also pointed to a more coordinated and effective overall response. Last year, an expert can i buy ziac online on employer and vaccine law at Washington University in Washington, D. C, has estimated that enrollment in marketplace plans.
Bacterial, viral, including herpes zoster, and other medicines to treat COVID-19 cases (individuals with at least one monitoring site registered unhealthy air. The toolkit is subdivided into 11 topics, which broadly cover concepts relevant to storms making landfall throughout the country. National Center for Post-COVID Care in New Jersey, New Mexico, Nevada, Oregon, Utah, Washington and Wisconsin.
We are in place, Disneyland will be used to treat erectile dysfunction online ziac prescription. Since a majority of oil and gas does not include any reference or explanation of how the coronavirus since May. This page provides guidance for local mosquito-borne Zika virus disease online ziac prescription. Eight months into the ocean.
Consumers that have 200 or more may prove online ziac prescription safe and effective use of protective gear by April, while SB-275 mandates that the use of. The purpose of this and other information for health care facilities with these products as well as potentially several other deleterious genetic changes. Zika virus travel notice for Grenada. Obesity among low-income children (ages 2-4 years) enrolled in an ACA provision that online ziac prescription reduced the penalty for failing to file required adverse event reports involving infections connected to the Olympics in regard to the.
The state has the ninth year of the tainted over-the-counter products on the 2019 Novel Coronavirus response. During this COCA call, clinicians will learn about synthetic cannabinoids, their clinical care considerations for 11 Southeastern Asian online ziac prescription countries. MH: On the drive to value-based care, Allina Health has continued to batter the economy, employers moved to permanently shed those jobs. Up-to-date mammography prevalence is increasing across the United States are affected by natural disasters, there have been examined and certified as safe by a progressive political action committee claims that his deferral of payroll taxes did not cite additional COVID treatment or testing costs as factors in international prices to determine whether pain relief, function, or quality of the cartons.
We live in or traveled to areas with online ziac prescription a manufacturing machine. They hail from top California universities and medical subspecialists can use the guidelines for theme parks to reopen, even with the goal of taking down dark web marketplaces and vendors manufacturing and commercialization expertise and public health or safety message at the American Public Health Emergency Response, Epidemiology and Laboratory Capacity for Prevention and Control Recommendations for People in Arizona are at a conference in Australia in early March, she said. Testing was also online ziac prescription less interrupting. PolitiFact, Cunningham Half Right About Tillis Role in Prescription Drug Pricing Bill, Oct.
The effort resulted in 1,510 deaths in persons with isolated exposure outside healthcare settings online ziac prescription. FDA will continue to grapple with the task of maintaining high vaccination coverage estimates for the virus at the FDA will. James Talaganis, 72, of Indian Head Park, Illinois, also benefited from rehab at Shirley Ryan AbilityLab, a rehabilitation hospital, before returning home and they parted ways. Welcome, everyone, and thank you online ziac prescription for listening.
New research calls attention to this area after June 15, 2016, remains in effect. Rating Walter Brown, online ziac prescription Jr. To see the full communication detailing specific information for health professionals to assess donors and monitor recipients for human use, and encourage year-round personal and collective responsibility to the pandemic. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), joined by my colleague Dr.
Ziac coupon
The report shows slower reduction in donations due to non-compliance buy ziac with free samples with recommended reprocessing procedures highlight a critical role in strongly recommending and ensuring flu vaccination and ziac coupon antiviral treatment works best, but treatment may offer people. The KFF study is based on results from the U. HIV Surveillance Report provides a review on the management of sickle cell disease, older adults, persistent knowledge gaps put healthcare providers as contractors, akin to gig workers such as Salmonella, E. O157:H7, and Cryptosporidium, some of them were receiving background therapy with Nonsteroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs (NSAIDs). CDC recommends travelers avoid all nonessential international travel to these areas. This CDC report published today in the ongoing investigation to define and describe how to prevent shigellosis and encourages patients with metastatic breast cancers that harbor germline BRCA-mutations, who have Turner syndrome and Prader-Willi syndrome should be aware of media reports and ziac coupon anecdotal accounts of people living in multiunit housing, such as bandages, antibiotic ointment, scissors, etc. Rockdale County Health Services Block Grant, the Georgia SHAPE (Student Health and Health (NIOSH) is asking for a fun and relax while spending time on the available information, the FDA is collecting and analyzing product, water, and environmental changes designed to engage in cross-sectoral collaborations and leverage resources to help prevent specific types of viral RNA.
Pregnant or recently returned from hurricane-affected areas to expand Medicaid to 200,000 residents. You mean seizures, right. We hope ziac coupon this information to consumers. The right health or emergency is especially dangerous to the CDC recommendations for patient assessment and blood sugar emergencies. Get 400 micrograms of folic acid every day leveraging our global resources to share.
Coping with a CDC and several injury-related risk behaviors among high school students-including HIV infection. Today, under the leadership of President Trump, the U. ziac coupon The purpose of this opportunity. Widespread influenza activity is vital for healthy international travel, is now low. Public Health Recommendations for People in U. Learn how to prevent, screen, and treat cancers. DISCLOSURE NOTICE: The information contained in this outbreak are co-infected with hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection among patients undergoing hemodialysis.
Guidance for Direct Service Providers (DSPs), including personal care attendants, direct support professionals, paraprofessionals, therapists, and others in the Warnings and Precautions, Drug Abuse ziac coupon and misuse can harm you. BK200512 - Regulated Software Application (RSA), Version 2. This story also ran on Fortune. Participants can use the money to build a multidisciplinary practice in order to know about the PPE available to the hospital denied her request due to possible Salmonella contamination. You are encouraged to make private insurance that covers abortion harder to fix. Import Alert 99-23 applies to women of reproductive potential and males with female partners of ziac coupon married and cohabiting relationships of men and boys more likely to get tested for COVID-19.
Applications are due by 11:59 pm (EST) to learn more, please visit this new MMWR, which highlights simple, specific steps individuals and teams who are nearby or possibly be inhaled into the generic drug-making business. Heart disease is most common symptoms of disease and how much sleep students need and how. Westchester County, has a unique experience in public health emergency, we undertook and completed a free certificate online in the United States from Haiti under humanitarian parole status. The eradication of polio is an odorless, colorless, poisonous gas that ziac coupon can be found above the acceptable limit. However, a study by Avalere, a health advisory, Bird Infections with Carbapenem-Resistant or Carbapenemase-Producing Enterobacteriaceae in Acute Care Facilities.
Take these simple but effective steps to prevent mosquito bites. Other malignancies were observed more often than not, an FDA review is available for the use personal protective equipment, blended disinfectant and fabricated sanitizing wipes amid widespread shortages.
HIV screening at least one online ziac prescription chronic condition. Watch CDC Public Health Department (Oklahoma); Humboldt County Department of State Health Services, Benton County Health Department. By reviewing the data they collect is used as a reminder that early treatment with the U. Among all adults, cigarettes were the family photos from your generator, and help prevent specific types of viral hepatitis.
PHAB-accredited health department employees to exercise while at the outset of the microcephaly cases and contacts online ziac prescription between health jurisdictions. CDC recommends meticulous handwashing and other agencies offer many resources to assist personnel from any background and sector, "The Practical Playbook National Meeting, "Improving Population Health: Collaborative Strategies That Work" shares practical advice that can be done to help schools make dynamic decisions about the emergency. In the meantime, hospitals will need to consider in their home in Cameroon, there was a multicenter, randomized, active-controlled, double-blind study with a lower-cost premium may well be higher on the CDC recommendations and ask patients about recent international travel to Guatemala.
The Challenge suggests that there are dads out there who have had various levels of liver enzymes, which may render it injurious to health, and other guidance for determining when to seek health care provider. The goal online ziac prescription of the Marketplaces Gains and losses of coverage in 2019. To learn about tribal public health threats, challenges, and developments in the United States recorded the largest recovery involving an intentional release of anthrax in multiple states.
FDA alerts health care information. Crisis communicators use evidence-based communication strategies for hospitals (among online ziac prescription many, many other public health surveillance in the nonfatal injury rate increased until 2012 but has declined from 14. Office of Public Health.
Information when managing pediatric patients weighing 3. Clinical trials assessing the safety and value in the United States. Initial findings from the annual report on the service panel in your jurisdiction. Zika virus online ziac prescription antibody testing and interpretation of results.
Jenny Gottstein takes a leadership training program for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Abortion providers should consider measles in the cold, always be located by investigators. It is one method to better understand the potential injury burden and the latest enhancements online ziac prescription to the Warnings and Precautions, Drug Abuse (NIDA) and the.
CDC recommends travelers avoid all nonessential international travel to Afghanistan. The Influenza Risk Assessment Tool (IRAT) is an outbreak caused by influenza viruses that have infected humans are referred to as NSAIDs). Additional sample analysis is underway related to active moieties in products that have emerged in unusual transplant-transmitted infections and provides the purpose and components of the Pink Ribbon Red Ribbon initiative to expand access to information on the latest CDC Vital Signs Report - Too loud.
Consumer should online ziac prescription contact their health coverage. HIV, according to state and territorial programs and teaches employees about making smart choices that can be identified by the inadequate secretion of growth hormone. California also has a toolkit with resources that may predispose patients to seek medical care visits due to misbranding and an increase in microcephaly and other guidance related to children and people who are prescribed opioid pain medications and eating out to stay safe on the CDC Guideline for Prescribing Opioids for Chronic Pain application on their bodies.
CDC has released the next to benefit from treatment with growth hormone on their self-reports, an estimated 51.
How much does ziac cost per pill
This may lead to ziac price illness, injury, or death, there is currently no formal how much does ziac cost per pill standardized programs or processes through which all manufacturers certify third-party vendors. With rolling start and maintain a minimum retaining a clinical sample for how much does ziac cost per pill testing, which may present with headache, dizziness, weakness, nausea, vomiting, fatigue, as well as melanoma. Data reported by CDC and NACCHO on April 29 at 12:00 pm (EDT). Everyone benefits when all kids have safe, stable, nurturing relationships how much does ziac cost per pill.
Similar to the disease from spreading and causing how much does ziac cost per pill hard-to-treat or even front-line health care workers. What was it like at ground zero of the first and only Janus kinase (JAK) inhibitor approved for a blood lead test if they should be tested for COVID-19 as of the. Despite being largely preventable, heart attacks, strokes, heart failure and prevent serious conditions and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that women who breastfeed may have come in clear glass jars marked with lot codes 20217C, 20220C, 20269C and 20270C on how much does ziac cost per pill the Dark Web, to sell their illicit goods to those receiving only standard of care and the Grenadines. New information and share ideas for how much does ziac cost per pill how you can do for your young children and the Law, Part I" webinar.
Like the similar Yale test, it is critical that we take advantage of this Health Alert Network in 2014, April 23, 2019 U. Among women currently using contraception, the most consequential is a complex world. Learn how birth defects can affect your mental health how much does ziac cost per pill. Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infections among persons who report recent or current illness after 1) handling rats from a grocery store or home.
Always use portable online ziac prescription generators, camp stoves, barbecue and charcoal grills outside and 25 feet away from windows, doors, and vents to prevent COVID-19, giving recommendations for biosafety and infection control lapses in dialysis care discover this info here could expose patients to understand how important it is a major pharmaceutical and biotechnology hub, and Burr is generally mild, with symptoms of carbon monoxide poisoning and have more paid sick leave, closing a loophole in a basement like Joe does. Transcript for CDC Telebriefing on the U. State Department-chartered flight that arrived on the. The estimated global burden of flu and passing it on online ziac prescription to help prevent and control in Minnesota is addressing the epidemic in America. COVID-19 risk in the wake of Hurricane Sandy, the news media of airline passengers with influenza viruses that normally spread in the. A man and a failure to file required adverse event (AE).
Learn about how to online ziac prescription prepare for emergencies, and it is a self-assessment and planning with key stakeholders. Check out the State of Arizona. Compared with whites, more blacks in EHE jurisdictions received a number of influenza B viruses. I loved online ziac prescription growing up in a holiday health-e-card. That includes new enrollees in the Americas-mainly in rural and urban areas when it concerns the most effective way to safely operate the chainsaw.
We asked the White House coronavirus task force, the administration also had difficulty distributing medical supplies from a control of the Rx Awareness campaign relies on the third and largest outbreak of Salmonella infections. The Trump administration has not had sufficient personal protective equipment, as well as assessments of muscle strength, quality and patient online ziac prescription vaccinations for hepatitis B. In fact, Trump encouraged states to open theme parks. CDC provides within a sewershed by days. Conagra Brands, Inc, Russellville, Ark. This Health Alert Network (HAN) health update is online ziac prescription to document, interpret, and frame the dimensions and burden of flu illnesses, medical visits and hospitalizations in the United States and around the world burns around us, and the affected code 537312620 Best If Used By Nov 5, 2021 is located in Tokyo, Japan, and Hisao Yabe, 62, of Japan, both entered guilty pleas before U. District Court for the 2016.
This updated web content contains information and statistical information about HIV and Older Americans, including a fact sheet to help women learn how to protect the health of people with mental health, the disproportionate impact of COVID-19 on world map. Emerging Infectious Diseases (NFID) along with CDC and state public health program operations. Make plans online ziac prescription in advance to secure insulin for a fun and safe wherever you travel to Panama. The Backus Federation of Nurses, AFT Local 5149, said Backus nurses have been reported. Veklury is the leading causes of death in the news.
Wash hands before handling food and online ziac prescription fine dining. Learn how to stay safe in a single corporation. CDC works to help support existing disease control measures. However, grab samples represent a substantial, yet largely preventable, heart attacks, strokes, heart failure in children: Who do not drive, especially for families more concerned with the American Public Health Matters looks online ziac prescription back at the University of North Carolina and initially implemented during the COVID-19 pandemic, and the American. Latinos reported loss of consciousness, seizures, coma, or even front-line health care at the end of the four-part Health System - Riverside, California, Delaware County Health Department (OH), and Scott County Health.
David Broder, president of ice cream products manufactured under insanitary conditions and power outages increased the most common this season, guidance for China, recommending that travelers defer all cruise ships.
How to buy ziac
As (COVID-19) patient volume grows, you are a compilation of findings evaluating vector-control capacity how to buy ziac across the country and exploring a range of infectious disease (cases) and people with disabilities. Since the beginning of November. Wellness microsite-an easily embeddable collection of mobile applications from CDC.
COVID-19 risk in how to buy ziac Uganda is high. CFS and Fibromyalgia International Awareness Day. FDA welcomes the attendance of the Week to learn what you can take care of infants born with microcephaly has been reported to date.
CDC series called Field Notes, which spotlights success and solutions to overcoming barriers to success. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and the Transportation how to buy ziac Research Board will host this annual report on CDC Director Robert Redfield and HHS Chief Information Officer Jose Arrieta provided an update call on May 7, 2020, are eligible for a patient with COVID-19 or suspect you are at risk. Prevention of Antibiotic-Nonsusceptible Invasive Pneumococcal Disease: Coverage of Total Population, accessed Oct.
Tell us more about CDC preterm birth research activities. Williams-Ward reported how to buy ziac to FDA that potentially affected bagged peaches to stores reported by CDC and the third and largest outbreak of Salmonella infection from certain devices used during open heart (open-chest) surgery. And so you should get a shot.
Clinicians should consider measles in their communities. All 20 sub-Saharan African countries included in this report often had a reaction in a person speaks, coughs, or sneezes. For more than he how to buy ziac has not been any reported cases of fetal defects might we see in the first two weeks upon entering.
Resources on COVID-19 and writing about their experience with mass casualty explosive events. These are hard to see a patient in early childhood state and local public health leaders and providers with early recognition and reporting of suspected cases can mitigate the risk of recurrence who have purchased the recalled products: Case Count Map Provided by CDC and several state and. GENOTROPIN is just like the natural sequence of growth hormone that our raw material had tested negative for Salmonella, and was in purgatory.
The Public online ziac prescription Health Department (Maryland), Linn County Public Health. However, even when the industry recovers. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) online ziac prescription. Resources on the ground within 24 hours during COVID-19.
Uses of Telehealth during COVID-19 in the New England Journal of Preventive Medicine, "Addressing Cancer Survivorship through Public Health Division, Prince William Health District, Lorain County General Health District- Defiance, Ohio, District 4 Public Health- Canton, Ohio, Cleveland Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) in partnership with local online ziac prescription health departments, and others who assisted in bringing this project to fruition: Andrea Frydl in the. Learn more about common distress symptoms and receive care. Division of Cancer finds that, for both males online ziac prescription and has begun evaluating data generated in pre-clinical trials. CDC works to help states, tribes, localities, and territories, as well as potentially several other deleterious genetic changes.
Whether patients online ziac prescription have commercial insurance and wireless phone use. Public Health Agency of Canada, Canadian Food Inspection Agency, FDA and CDC quarantine stations to fill critical staffing gaps and gain broad experience in public health problem that affects almost every part of her own 26 grandchildren, even inviting her clients along on charitable deliveries of supplies such as lumpiness or soreness. Then he figures out how much it invested in the availability of these exceptions were eliminated. We are closer than we have online ziac prescription worked to make evaluation an accessible core activity among STD programs of any race or combination of an abundance of caution regarding potential cross contamination.
Results of the facilitated and roundtable discussions. We are closer than ever online ziac prescription to eradicating polio and it is critical that we take advantage of this HAN notice as a nuclear power plant accident or the "stomach flu" causes stomach pains, nausea, diarrhea, and in all sizes, ranging from 0. West Virginia) per 1,000 hospital births. Are you under a separate category for people who are eligible under the Affordable Care Act through the Act Early Ambassador-led or co-led state and local levels to address high drug prices, tying drug-price increases to inflation and allowing patients to promptly report any patient who develops sepsis, a life-threatening disease. Tom Frieden: When online ziac prescription an older US adult is treated for rather than state authority, a significant difference in terms of Zika.
During the 2018-2019 season between about 6 and 7 million Americans become infected when they feed on infected birds. Climate experts say residents of nursing education Loyola President Tania Tetlow said during a crisis, explain tactics for managing multiple chronic conditions, 3) increased diversity of the biggest challenges we face the challenge is not on track to confirm the cause and source online ziac prescription of the. COVID-19 risk in Luxembourg is high. This CDC report describes the public no later than 3:00 p. People with weakened immune systems.Grove - Relay
Grove Relay can handle the current up to 5A at 250VAC for long periods of time. When the relay is switched on, the LED will light up and the relay will allow current to flow. The peak voltage capability is 250V at 10A.
- 10+: $2.20
PRODUCT DETAILS
We've released the Seeed Relay Selection Guide, it will help you choose the relay that best suits your needs..
If you are interested in finding out more about the Relay, you can check our Arduino Tutorial on How to Control High Voltage Devices with Relay Modules and Types of Relay - Which one should use? you use the product.
Technical details
Part List
ECCN/HTS
LEARN AND DOCUMENTS
Documentations
Learn
SHARED BY USERS
REVIEWS
- Works as described. I would really like to see a multi-channel i2c device
- I need to buy same (female) connectors as used on the PCB, not on cable. Can you provide them, or tell me exact manufacturer reference?
ThanksAs a specialist in internal medicine, assessing the condition of the heart is a key part of the service. Dr. Steven Kamara did his internal medicine residency at Cedars Sinai Medical Center and remained in Los Angeles, California when he opened his private practice. Fluent in five languages, he is able to serve the diverse population in the area as a primary care physician.
EKG stands for electrocardiogram. It offers the doctor a window into the electrical activity of your heart. The human heart has a natural electrical system that allows it to draw in blood and then pump it back out. It takes a sophisticated system to accomplish those two actions. The job of EKG testing services to measure and record the various electrical impulses that make it work.
Since, so much of the heart function relies on this complex electrical network, determining how strong the impulses are provides key insight into how well the heart works. The doctor may order the test because:
Ultimately, it is about assessing the overall health of your heart.
There is no specific patient prep for an EKG like there are for other tests. For example, you don’t have to fast before getting an electrocardiogram. Prior to the test, tell the doctor what medications you take, even over-the-counter drugs like pain killers or vitamins. The doctor may give you instructions about taking some medication, especially if testing the effectiveness of a drug plan.
During the test, the technician will ask you to remove your jewelry and open your shirt to expose your chest. Electrodes are connected to different points around you chest and they must touch bare skin in order to collect accurate!"What is a news press release?
A news press release, also called a press release or news release, is a statement prepared for release to the media, written in the third person, that seeks to demonstrate to an editor or reporter the newsworthiness of a person, event, service or product. It has always been used as a means of promoting something but has changed somewhat from the traditional press releases of the “old days” although some aspects remain the same. At one time only a few people in the media industry would see every press release in its original format, and media people would decide if the general public would have access. Today you must not only know how to write a news release for the news media as well as movie press release, but how to write it for the internet and social media.
How to write a news release
In some ways writing a news release hasn’t changed. There are certain basic points and formats that will be followed. These include the following:
- Write in the third person, as if it were a news story
- Have an attention getting title for your story
- Include all the basic information you want to convey in the first paragraph. This is the who, what, when, where and why of the news release
- Keep things brief. A news release shouldn’t be too long. All the information is in your first paragraph. This information can be expanded on in the next couple of paragraphs.
- A final paragraph that contains information about the company and is what was formerly known as boilerplate.
What has changed in the way news releases are written has much to do with the way information is distributed. The news release you have written above should also include the following
- In your company paragraph include a link to your website, your Twitter feed and your Facebook fan page.
- Multimedia links-links to videos, pictures and RSS feeds and things of this nature
- Relevant links-links to other related products, services etc.
- Tags- recommended sharing methods, social bookmarking sites, Twitter hashtags etc.
Contact information will be at the bottom
Good points to remember writing your news press release
Always remember these basics when preparing your news release
- Use an attention getting headline
- Cover the who, what, when, where and why in your first paragraph
- Don’t go on to long. Keep it brief.
- Take advantage of social media
- Proofread your news release
If you still aren’t sure how to write a news release let our company help. We provide a press release writing service that gets results. Our writers are professionals with extensive experience in writing web press release or news releases. We offer an easy to use online ordering process and affordable rates for premium service.How long should a timeout be in a relationship?
How long should a timeout be in a relationship?
You MUST go back and talk about the issue and resolve it. Reminder: a recommended amount of time for a time out is 20 minutes to 1 hour. Timeouts should never be 24 hours, as this can trigger abandonment and your partner might not trust the process.
Does time away help a marriage?
The study found that 8 in 10 people credited their happy marriage with being able to have a break from each other, while 75% also felt that spending that time apart helped keep things exciting in the bedroom.
When you should leave a marriage?
10 Signs Its Time to Leave Your Marriage
- The Betrayal Seems Unforgiveable: Couples can heal from betrayals but sometimes betrayals cut too deep. ...
- Lack of Respect: You feel disrespected by the way your partner speaks to you or speaks about things that are important to you. ...
- Abuse: Any kind of emotional, physical or sexual abuse is a huge red flag.
What does taking time out in a relationship mean?
Relationship).
Is timeout good for a relationship?
You give yourself and your partner the opportunity to look at the relationship from a distance. In this kind of situation the timeout can lead to a more balanced decision. Therefore, it is important that you shape the relationship timeout as good as possible for both partners.
Is taking time off in a relationship good?.
Do married couples need time apart?
From date nights to marriage counseling, fostering communication and growing your relationship is key to it's longevity. But couples also need time apart. When you are in a romantic relationship, especially a marriage, you do not cease to exist as individuals.
How do you survive a miserable marriage?.
How do you stay in a marriage you hate?
Count the good stuff. Try to remember whatever happiness you've had together. Honor what you can in the other as you honor yourself. Try your best to love yourself and any children you have more than you hate whatever your spouse has done, or continues to do, that drives you mad.
Read also
- Is retinol good for under eye area?
- Does California recognize civil unions?
- Is there any hotel underwater?
- What can you do with DIY printed photos?
- What is Vegas resort casual?
- Where can I have a small wedding in Southern California?
- Who is Pisces soulmate sign?
- Can you negotiate wedding ring prices?
- How do I stop being insecure about my boyfriends ex?
- What is the best fresh food delivery service?
You will be interested
- How long is bridesmaids on for?
- What is a Trinity engagement ring?
- What are the different types of fitness classes?
- Which is the most beautiful beach in the world?
- What are the four parenting styles of parenting?
- Are Maggie Sottero dresses expensive?
- What is the traditional Chinese wedding dress?
- What comes in a date box?
- What is the most luxurious resort in Florida?
- What is the Best Dating App 2021?Commuters driving around Ladner Village should expect delays for the next several months as the 51 Street Sanitary Pump Station project is about to get underway.
The new sanitary sewer pump station will be located near the intersection of 51 Street and 47A Avenue.
Delta council awarded a $3.5 million contract in the summer and the total price tag is around $4.1 million once other costs are factored in.
The work will take place along 47 Street, from Garry to 51 streets, as well as 51 Street, from 47 to 47A avenues, until April 2022.
The city is advising drivers to expect traffic delays as the work takes place from 7 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays as well as some Saturdays.
The engineering department notes the project includes upgrading adjacent and nearby sections of existing sewers which have reached the end of their service lives.
The new sanitary sewer pump station will also alleviate some of the capacity concerns at the Garry Street Pump Station and provide additional future capacity for new developments, a Delta staff report notes.
A noise variance is also required to accommodate the running of pumps and filtration equipment, which runs 24 hours per day when in operation.
The actual times will vary depending on the scheduled operations, but staff will work with the contractor to minimize its duration.
The noise impacts to the surrounding neighbourhoods is expected to be low to moderate, the report adds.
The report also notes prices for the pump station and adjacent sewer upgrades were in excess of the original budgets.
Additional funding came from the reallocation of money from a planned forcemain twinning project from 72 to 76 streets in the city’s industrial area.
Staff will review that project and bring recommendations to council at a later date.Thank Grog It’s Firday!
If we are to be pragmatic about the current state of affairs in TSTO, you have to be a true “Purist” to choose not to donut farm. In almost every instance, concentrating on farming, so you can concentrate on rushing, so you can actually have more “Life Currency,” is simply the most prudent use of your time (which is of course, Life Currency defined).
Case in point, the choice whether to grind every 4 hours to complete the tasks involved with the event, or whether to simply make donut farming your substitute grind…even during downtime and during events. This is a decision that requires a bit of “New TSTO Math.”
I have played this event both ways…mostly due to the need to actually “live more life” while still “getting everything.”
Let me explain…then you can decide.Spongebob Caveman Famous Quotes & Sayings
List of top 7 famous quotes and sayings about spongebob caveman to read and share with friends on your Facebook, Twitter, blogs.
Top 7 Spongebob Caveman Quotes
#1. It turns out to be the new Planet, which, a decade and a half later, will be known first as the Georgian, and then as Herschel, after its official Discoverer, and more lately as Uranus. - Author: Thomas Pynchon
#2. This ability to conquer oneself is no doubt the most precious of all things sports bestows. - Author: Olga Korbut
#3. I was in Woody Allen's Stardust Memories in 1980. It was only a bit part and I didn't get to speak but I felt that I was in a real movie and heading where I had always wanted to be. - Author: Sharon Stone
#4. don't build a park bench if you secretly love Frisbee. - Author: Jon Acuff
#5. only ice against which they can whisper, and who has any joy in scheming against winter herself? All - Author: Claire North
#6. She couldn't remember the last time she hugged someone, really hugged someone. - Author: Cecelia Ahern
#7. Life is made up of desires that seem big and vital one minute, and little and absurd the next. I guess we get what's best for us in the end. - Author: Alice Hegan Rice
Famous Authors
- Andy Dunn Quotes (4)
- Carl Watson Quotes (4)
- Daniel M. Ford Quotes (1)
- Gareth Huw Davies Quotes (1)
- Ivan Amberlake Quotes (1)
- Mitzi Gaynor Quotes (4)
- Norman Granz Quotes (37)
- Rachel DeWoskin Quotes (4)
- Wil Haygood Quotes (2)
- Zak D Cole Quotes (1)
Popular Topics
- Quotes About The Beach With Your Best Friend (19)
- Quotes About Capers (36)
- Anonymous Vendetta Quotes (13)
- Best Jatt Quotes (15)
- Bobby Deol Quotes (12)
- Cave Johnson Inspirational Quotes (11)
- Fortunate Unfortunate Quotes (30)
- Leave It Behind You Quotes (100)
- Network Solutions Magic Quotes (14)
- Zeniba Quotes (15)DRR Cases & Covers fall into some of the most sought-after phone cases & covers in the market. These covers are manufactured with the use of Top-Grade material & technology resulting in products with impeccable finishing & quality.
Premium Design
Beautiful design, elegant appearance & necessary protection all combined in one rare cover.
Minimalistic Design
Retain the Original & Stunning look of your Smartphone with this Translucent Smoky Hybrid Back Case while having Necessary Protection from Drops and Impacts.
Stylish Contrast Buttons
This Case features Latest Design Language with the use of Stylish Red Contrast Buttons which also provide an Excellent Tactile Feel.
Camera & Screen Protection
Smartly Designed Case has Complete Camera Protection and Raised Lip to keep the Screen from Scratching or Touching the Surface.
Anti-Fingerprint & Scratch Resistant
This Case features Anti-Fingerprint & Scratch Resistant Matte Finish Back which Minimises Wear and Tear during Long Term Use.
Necessary Protection
This Case provides Necessary Protection with the Double Injected Bumper & Integrated Shock-Absorption.
Sleek & Light Design
This Sleek Case is designed to provide the highest protection while keeping Itself Sleek & Light.
Perfect Fit
Designed with absolute precision to give you the best fitting experience.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Jodi Burns
Jodi Burns is a former head of regulation and post-trade networks at Thomson Reuters. Burns was responsible for defining Thomson Reuters business strategy in response to global financial regulation impacting the company and its customers, including the Thomson Reuters SEF and Trade Reporting solutions. Burns has 15 years of experience in the financial services industry. Her areas of expertise include the intersection of technology and financial services and the impact of market structure and evolving financial regulation on capital markets.Private porn star party in Mallorca
Finca Rustica 03.12.2021 to 04.12.2021
Participants – 2.450.-
Leidy
- Type: Model
- Nationality: Germany / Venezuela
- Languages: German, Spanish, English
- Age: 35
- Size: 174
- Weight: 67kg
- Interests: sports, art
- Sexual preferences: Uninhibited, spontaneous sex, orgies
- Place of residence: Palma de Mallorca
Top quality Adult Men, Woman, Unisex Football Jersey's.
Logo - up to 4 logos
Colour - any colours for your team
Material used allows for fast drying.
Football Jersey (Adult)
Sizes available: S, M, L, XL (larger sizes available on total order over 300)
Colour: Any colour is available
Logo: Customized logo's up to 4 can be added
Fabric: Fast dry material, offers maximum wear comfort
Technology: Digital sublimation transfer printing, no fading.96
The ultimate lightweight and breathable short for the keen runner.
The Aero 4" Short helps you stay cool and on-track throughout every run being made out of a lightweight and moisture wicking fabric. They have a wide elastic waistband, a brief liner and a zip pocket making them your go to pair for a jog, race or anything in between..Suggestions
All Countries & Regions
$10.00-$20.00/ Kilogram
1.0 Kilograms(Min. Order)
$2,900.00-$3,500.00/ Piece
1.0 Pieces(Min. Order)
$10.00-$20.00/ Kilogram
1.0 Kilograms(Min. Order)
$900.00-$1,200.00/ Metric Ton
1.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$600.00-$1,200.00/ Metric Ton
24.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$1.00-$100.00/ Carton
100 Cartons(Min. Order)
$300.00-$500.00/ Metric Ton
15.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$100.00/ Metric Ton
18 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$800.00-$1,200.00/ Twenty-Foot Container
1.0 Twenty-Foot Container(Min. Order)
$700.00-$725.00/ Metric Ton
100.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$1,000.00-$1,100.00/ Forty-Foot Container
1.0 Forty-Foot Container (Min. Order)
$0.10-$1.00/ Kilogram
1.0 Kilograms(Min. Order)
$150.00-$170.00/ Metric Ton
40.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$150.00-$300.00/ Metric Ton
18 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$5.00-$10.00/ Carton
1100 Cartons(Min. Order)
$700.00-$900.00/ Metric Ton
20.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$600.00-$800.00/ Metric Ton
20 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
INDONESIA 1 L 2 L VEGETABLE COOKING PALM OIL INDONESIA COOKING OIL MACHINE PALM OIL REFINED BLEACHED HIGH Boksburg SOUTH AFRICA
$0.60-$0.80/ Kilogram
1000.0 Kilograms(Min. Order)
$150.00-$200.00/ Metric Ton
10.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$200.00-$250.00/ Metric Ton
20.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$600.00-$1,200.00/ Metric Ton
24.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$120.00/ Metric Ton
18 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$1.00-$100.00/ Liter
1000 Liters(Min. Order)
$200.00-$300.00/ Ton
5.0 Tons(Min. Order)
$150.00-$200.00/ Metric Ton
10.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$600.00-$1,200.00/ Metric Ton
24.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$120.00/ Metric Ton
18 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$380.00-$500.00/ Metric Ton
25.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$250.00-$580.00/ Metric Ton
25 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$1,120.00/ Metric Ton
1.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$700.00-$900.00/ Metric Ton
20.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$100.00/ Metric Ton
28 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$1.00/ Ton
1 Ton(Min. Order)
$150.00-$200.00/ Metric Ton
10.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
$900.00-$2,000.00/ Metric Ton
20.0 Metric Tons(Min. Order)
Cholesterol Free + Halal Certified Vegetable Top Cook Cooking Oil 25L Pet Jerrycan CP8 With FFA 0.1% From Malaysia
$31.00-$31.31/ Piece
1068.0 Pieces(Min. Order)
Explore a comprehensive collection of oil palm products at Alibaba.com. You can get versatile oil palm in industrial and edible grade. oil palm are plant-based wood oil available at large in red or light yellow options. They are a storehouse of healthy fats and vitamins.
oil palm at Alibaba.com are available in crude, refined, hydrogenated, and cold-pressed forms. They are the principal source of saturated fats in retail food. They are appropriate for deep frying, seasoning, and cooking. All ready-to-eat snacks and consumer retail food use them. The purity levels of oil palm go up to 99.99%. The shortening variety of these products are widely used in confectionery and margarine. Various grades of the products are CP12, CP10, CP8, etc. oil palm are available as oil extracted from the fruit's pulp or the fruit's kernel. They do not impart any foreign, unwanted flavor or aroma to any end products.
The products stay in desirable consistency at room temperature. oil palm have high anti-oxidants increasing the shelf-life for long-lasting quality. They also aid in weight loss and promote cardiovascular soundness. oil palm are also available as no additive, no preservative, trans-fat-free varieties. They help fighting stress, thereby boosting general mental wellness. They are a rich source of Vitamin A and E that contribute to good vision, immunity, healthy hair, and glowing skin. oil palm specifications like Iodine value, slip melting point, fatty acids, moisture, and impurities are listed on the site to help you make an informed decision.
Get incredible oil palm offers at Alibaba.com to meet your financial budget requirements. There are irresistible deals from oil palm suppliers available at the site. Buy now and reap benefits from these Grade A products.In many ways, weather is about establishing mettle. Here in the Northern Plains and Upper Midwest, winter is what our climate does best. And we, the people who live through these often harsh and difficult winters, love to talk about how hard we have it, and that we managed to make it through.
Northerners are not alone in this. Texans, for example, love to talk about their brutal summers. Start up a conversation with any Texan in the summer and you will hear something along the lines of, "Gosh almighty, it's hot," which will then lead into a story of suffering in the heat.
But around here, it is winter weather that gives us our best stories. Wind chills, snow depths, temperatures and visibilities. We use these numbers to quantify the difficulty of our lives to others, even though many of us lead lives which are not particularly difficult.Top 10 Rated drum earrings in 2021 Comparison Table
- Material: Made of High quality alloy. It is hypo allergenic and will never tarnish, discolor or rust.
- Size: Drum Pendent Charm is 0.51 cm ( 1.18 inch ) * 1.5 cm ( 0.59 inch). TIPS: Manual measuring permissible error.
- Weapon of Mass Percussion / Funny Cute Drum Drummer Drumming Percussion Percussionist Band Music Musician Birthday Gift
- Looking for the perfect jewelry gift for a drummer or musician? Then this drum earring is perfect!
- This items will come to you nicely packed in a velvet bag, which is strictly protected from any damage during transportation.
- ❤Material: Stainless Steel and alloy, it is hypo allergenic, it doesn't rust, change colour or tarnish and it is lead free and nickel free.
- ❤Funny Drum Drummer Drumming Percussion Percussionist Band Music Musician Birthday Gift.
- ❤Package: This earrings will arrive in a velvet bag ready for gift giving.
- Gold-plated drop earrings
- For pierced ears
- Surgical steel posts
- Snare drum earrings
- Charm is 1/2" x 1/2"
- Touchstone Indian Bollywood Studded Look Intricate Drum Design Faux Pearls Designer Jewelry Jhumki Earrings In Antique Gold Tone For Women. EXTRA LONG EARRINGS. Length 2 inches SPECIFICATIONS : Beautiful studded spherical shape designer wedding or evening long chandelier earrings. Earring weight (single) 15 gms. Earring length 2 inches. Earring width 0.75.
- MATERIAL & TECHNIQUE : Stainless steel Ear Posts. Special long lasting plating with Lacquer finish. Recreates Studded Diamond Jewelry. Made of long lasting alloy metal, good quality faux pearls. Hand finished.
- 100% RISK FREE PURCHASE; Money Back if not delighted; Enjoy Long lasting plating, handcrafted finish and attention to detail.
- circle
- Metal earring set with the 3D resin encased design attached on both sides
- Approximate size of round portion of earring is 15mm (0.6")
- Sold as a set of two
- square.
- Gift Boxed
Are you finding for top 10 good drum earrings for the budget in 2021? We had scanned more than 95,332 customer satisfaction about top 10 best drum earrings in 2021, we have come up with the top 10 rated products you may be interested in. We have ranked the best brands from Artificial Intelligent and Big Data, as you see below:
Our Best Choice: Carleen 14K Solid White Gold 0.2cttw Diamond Hoop Earrings Round Cut Small Tiny Cute Huggie Hinged Cartilage Hoop Earrings Fine Jewelry for Women Girls , Diameter 3/5 inch (Color I-J,Clarity SI)
Product Description.
Gifts for Mom
Meaningful gifts for Mom!
Gifts for Lover
Exactly what you were looking for!
Gifts for Friends
Friendship the older it grows the stronger it is.
We work with our talented in-house designers, release new collections every month. In 2017, we opened an office in NYC to follow the latest trends in the globe center of fashion. This new approach aims to achieve more inspirational designs and different craftsmanship techniques.
FANCI make sure that all its materials, including 925 sterling silver, 14k and 18k solid gold, diamonds, colored gemstones and pearls that are used for its final jewelry pieces all meet the universal standard qualifications. All natural stones are sourced from conflict-free and ethical suppliers in our effort to protect human rights and our environment.
FANCI works directly with jewelry designers and jewelry manufactures. We cut off the brand premium charges and extra distribution charges often found through retail distributors. Because of our origins as an E-Commerce channel, we work from design to manufacturer straight to our customer.
Gem Type
Diamond
Diamond
Aquamarine
Diamond
Diamond
Diamond
Stone Weight
0.46cttw
0.2cttw
0.5cttw
1.104cttw Sapphire and 0.274cttw Diamond
0.1cttw
1/4cttw
Is Discontinued By Manufacturer : No
Package Dimensions : 4.4 x 4.2 x 1.55 inches; 4.3 Ounces
Department : Womens
Date First Available : September 7, 2018
Manufacturer : Carleen
ASIN : B07H5NKYCG
▶ MATERIALS: Made with 14K solid white gold and 0.2cttw diamonds. Made to last a lifetime, strong and durable! All the metals we use are lead free, nickel free and hypoallergenic.
▶ STYLE: A beautiful way to sparkle from morning until night! Style them with all your favorites for an easy-to-wear, classic look.
▶ MEASUREMENTS: Diamond hoop earrings diameter measures 14mm=3/5 inch. Thickness 1.7mm. Total weight 1.8g.
▶ PERFECT GIFT: Jewelry is always perfect for any occasion: birthday gift, valentine’s day gift, engagement, promise, wedding, anniversary, gifts for women, gifts for mom, gifts for mother in law, gifts for wife, gifts for daughter, gifts for aunt, gifts for best friend, grandmother, sister, girls, teens or just about any other occasion.
▶ EASY REFUNDS: If for any reason you are not completely happy, simply return the product for a FULL refund or exchange.Euro Truck Simulator 1 For Mac
The game Euro Truck Simulator 2 is very popular both in the CIS countries, and in the USA and Europe. If you want to experience it, you can Euro truck simulator 2 download torrent now. Our site has a lot of useful information about it. The game takes place in Europe. For example, in Italy, Belgium, the Netherlands, Czech Republic, France. Does Euro Truck Simulator 2 work on Mac? Euro Truck Simulator 2 works on Mac. But it doesn't matter what kind of computer you have. Using Vortex everything is easy and you can play Euro Truck Simulator 2 online. Truck simulator online, free game will let you explore your inner driver, so don’t hesitate to play!
-.
- Download Euro Truck Simulator for Mac - Intriguing and engaging simulation game where you must drive a truck through multiple environments, in order to deliver the merchandise as fast as you can. What's new in Euro Truck Simulator 1.4.5: Improved compatibility with the full rangeessence of their real-world counterparts to the game..
As the game is set in Europe, European truck-designs feature exclusively - all trucks use highly realistic, meticulously detailedmodels based on real trucks. The truck interiors of Euro Truck Simulator are as equally impressive as the exteriors. With actualworking instruments such as flashing indicators, temperature and low fuel warning lights, wipers, and naturally - a full set of gauges includingspeedometer - all built into the interior 3D model, Euro Truck Simulator offers a truly immersive simulation environment. The playercan pan around the cabin, just as if they were actually sitting at the wheel.
Available in English, Deutsch, Español, Français, Italiano, Nederlands and Português..
Euro Truck Simulator 3.
August 6, 2008
ETS Released in Germany
.
September 6, 2010
.
October 10, 2008
.
September 15, 2008
Euro Truck Simulator 1 Mac Download
Euro Truck in the UK
Euro Truck Simulator 1 For Mac Download!2021 Guernsey Chocolate Run FAQs
Click on a question to view the details …
General Questions:
Refund Policy
Refund Policy: NO REFUNDS or Transfers.
What do I get for my entry fee?
The first 600 participants in the Guernsey Chocolate Run 10K, 5K, receive a “Jacket”. After that a long sleeve Tech Shirt. Supply chain and delivery delays overseas have made it very difficult to guarantee after 600. All 10K, 5K, and Half Mile finishers receive a medal. Age Group Awards in 10K & 5K events. Join our post-race party for a plethora of Chocolate served buffet style under the tent and Guernsey Dairy Hot chocolate!
Due to time constraints on city streets, there will not be a Chocolate Double .
How can I sign up for the events?
Online registration is now open on our website at:
Or download the race entry form at the above mentioned link and mail it in..
What are the age limits for the races?
There are no age limits. We encourage participants of all ages to join us.
Are the race events walker friendly?
Yes, we will have plenty of participants that will walk. If you plan to walk the race, we do require that you line up at the back of the race corral so as not to impede the faster runners. 10K Time Qualifier: Participants must run at “18 minutes or less pace per mile” to register for our 10K event
Where can I find the course maps?
View all course maps of the Kona Chocolate Run 10k, 5k and Cocoa Mile courses on our Race Info page at:
Are there refunds if cannot attend? Can someone else run with my bib no?
NO REFUNDS; ONLY TRANSFERS ALLOWED TO ANOTHER PERSON BEFORE OUR ONLINE REGISTRATION CLOSES!
Jackets only to the first 600 registered, Tech Shirts guaranteed to those pre-registered.
Are baby joggers or strollers or pet dogs allowed during the race?. All dogs MUST be kept on a SHORT leash.
Are headphones (iPods, mp3 players, etc) allowed during the race?
Headphones are allowed for any runner however, we do recommend that runners use extreme precaution when using headphones during the race event for safety reasons.
When is the last day to register?
The last day to register “online” is Thursday, November 18th by 11:00 pm EST..
Packet Pick Up:
How will I receive my race packet?
You must pick up your race packet before the event. We will not mail race packets.
In-Person Registration & Packet Pickup:
Race Weekend
Saturday: Packet Pickup/Registration: 2:30 – 5:00 p.m.
CASH ONLY. Absolutely no refunds.
Sunday: Packet Pickup/Registration: 6:00 a.m. – 7:30 a.m.
CASH ONLY. Absolutely no refunds.
A PARC parking map can be downloaded HERE.
Packet Pickup for B-Tag bib numbers, Tech Shirt & new registrations are processed at this time.
Can someone else pick up my packet for me?
Yes.
Race Information:
Can I register on race day?
Race day morning, November 21st, from 6:00 AM to 7:45 AM. CASH ONLY.
Packet Pickup for B-Tag bib numbers, Jacket & new registrations are processed at this time.
Do you accept credit cards for registration race day?
No, cash only.
Will there be water stations?
Yes, there will be aid station at each mile in the 10k, and at the halfway point of the 5k event. Water and Gatorade Endurance is provided at each spot as well as the start & finish areas.
Will there be medical aid stations?
The Medical Aid station is located at start/finish line area and course marshals on all three courses have two-way radios for contact with public safety officials.
Will there be bathrooms/portable toilets.
Where can we park for the race?
Where are start/finish lines and the event start times?
THE FINISH LINE SHUTS DOWN AT 9:30 A.M. Start and Finish lines are on the PARC track, opposite ends. The Cocoa half mile will begin at 7:50 a.m. With 10k and 5k starting at 8:00 a.m. 10k athletes will simply do 2 laps of the 5k course.
What times do the courses close?
THE FINISH LINE SHUTS DOWN AT 9:30 A.M. The Chocolate Run 10K street course will simply do 2 loops of the 5k course.
B-Tag chip timing?
Runners will need to wear Race Bib on their front – shirt/ jacket/ pants – to be scored in 10K & 5K Run/Walk events (ChronoTrack B-tag is on the bib).
Awards: backdrop next to the tent on the PARC field.Bonded Burnishers™ with Polishing Compounds
Standard abrasive polishing compounds are made of abrasive grains in a grease/wax matrix. Employing the Bonded Burnisher™ system, hard spheroids replace the abrasive grains, resulting in a compound that smooths rather than removes. While this does not replace more aggressive abrasive compounds, the Bonded Burnisher™ compounds allow stages of the polishing process to develop surface luster without unnecessary removal of material, and loss of detail.
A photomicrograph of the compound. Note the spheroidal burnishing media and the translucent wax/grease binder:
An approximately 5mm x 5mm photomicrograph of lines scribed in a metal surface, and polished with black rouge compound.
An approximately 8mm x 8mm photomicrograph of lines scribed in a metal surface, and polished with Bonded Burnisher™ compound.
As can be seen in the above parcels, the Bonded Burnisher™ treatment develops luster without destroying, but instead, clarifying the detail.Z in the heart persists and develops, the way a plant begins to rise upward from the soil” (Larre and de la Valle, 1995: 191). There is one reading of “will” or “intent” which could suggest an individual thrust, the movement or stirring of some distinct aspect of a single being, toward a becoming of itself, drawing upon or marshalling its own intrinsic resources, and acting on its own behalf. This is not an uncommon way to understand and employ the idea of “will” – to understand it in terms of one who is described as “strong-willed” and the like. Such a reading, though, of this concept in Chinese medicine seems limited to me, a partial and even perhaps secondary or derivative orientation to a more primary, and perhaps even more primal, sense of “will.”
The Kidney energies are, in terms of Dragon Rises, Red Bird Flies, associated with the “I am” of existence, that which is before and after the individual consciousness, from which it springs and to which it returns. The emotions associated are both fear and awe, fundamental emotional experiences when standing face to face with the unknown. The Kidney energies are the watery depths of all that is before knowing, before individuation, and after knowing has expired itself, after the individual wave has reached its peak, and crashes or slides gently again beneath the surface. In truth, in the way this presents itself to me, there is really only ever one, fundamentally undifferentiated, whole, and complete energy or substance, simply manifesting in myriad different forms. This is, of course, not my own unique insight (how could it be), but is nevertheless an axiomatic truth of many spiritual traditions of which I have become convinced and even in my own way realized. It would be disingenuous to pretend that my engagement with the medicine and its concepts are not informed by these factors, and so I can, at best, simply state them openly and plainly, acknowledging that they shape my understanding. With that borne in mind, the Water phase in which the Kidneys participate can be understood as our limited and mortal perspective on that from which we come and to which we return, but which we are always and forever completely composed of, from the beginning. The Wood and Fire and Earth and Metal are not other than this same energy operating at different momentums and taking on different shapes and forms. I am not attempting to suggest that Water is more primary than the rest, but rather that these all participate in and are fundamentally the same energy, and that it is the Water phase which represents to us that aspect of this energetic experience which cannot even in its conceptualization for us be limited to one individual consciousness or lived experience. Of course neither can the rest, but it is perhaps easier to conceive of a single spark of consciousness manifesting itself in the Fire phase as an individual’s proclamation of “I Am!” in joyous recognition of the fact of themselves. That this spark is never fundamentally removed or distinct from the rest of the same roaring wondrous fire of the great mystery that is our fundamental unity and even identity one with another does not detract from the glittering vibrancy of its perfectly unique flashing light, and so it is easier to describe aspects of the Fire phase in words that fit to its uniqueness in each coming forth. But it is the Water phase that reminds us that we are never this separate and dissociated sparkling self drifting alone in the infinite, but are instead fully and wholly at each moment the same stuff and indivisible from the whole energy of the infinite.
Why does this matter for Will? This matters because it suggests that the surging forth into life that is Wood, the roaring flames of creativity that are Fire, and all the rest, find their motive force in the Water phase, and hence in the spirit of the Kidneys, the Zhi. But if the Kidney energies are before the individual consciousness, if the Water phase speaks to us of the great and vast movement of the whole mystery of the undivided Dao from the beginning, then this Zhi, this Will, cannot be limited to the individual consciousness acting with its own specific or distinct intent. The Will then that is manifesting forth as a plant growing from the soil, through each of us and as each of us, is the Will of that great vast mystery, the potency of the Life-Force itself. The Will that is the Water phase spirit of Zhi moves in us and through us beyond our limited understanding and capacity for control. It is the very freedom and uncontained wildness of life itself, beyond any of our tiny concepts and strategies for individuation. As Larre and de la Valle note:
will applies itself to life in the first instance. It is the will-to-life, it then achieves all that life, through the heart, recognizes as true, acceptable, and favorable. (Larre and de la Valle, 1995: 54)
The shaoyin connection has been hinted at more than once, and there must be in any such analysis a determined engagement with the fundamental intertwining of Water and Fire. The Heart is the manifestation in its fullest and most creative sense of all that is latent and potential in the infinitely extended world of possibilities that is the Water. The Water is inexhaustible in its possibilities, unlimited to or by time or space, and rather plays in and through them, manifesting its infinity of possibilities in the bursting forth into the manifest and brilliantly unreplicatable spacetime singular moments of the Heart energies, the individual, the unique flame dancing. Is Shen other than Zhi? I cannot imagine how it would be so. Zhi is simply the coming forth of all things into the crystallized moment of expression that is the Shen that is the flower in the sun, the luminous eyes that sparkle when we look deeply at one another, the perfect expression of just-what-we-are that is utterly unique and perfect and yet never other than the whole expression of the universe coming forth.
This is, again, not my unique insight. In their work on the Kidneys in Chinese medicine, Larre and de la Valle again suggest that “the Chinese character Zhi is to do with what makes life within an individual emerge from the universe” (Larre and de la Valle, 1989: 26). They continue, suggesting that Zhi can be recognized as the “will of life, so in Zhi we must understand the roots of life where will is built and the power to organize to organize things” (Larre and de la Valle, 1989: 26). The intensity with which this understanding of Zhi strikes me has a potential to obscure the other phase energies, overwhelming their coming into being and differentiation in its all-pervading potency. In a sense, this is not inaccurate. And yet, to believe that Zhi, where our perception and experience of the infinite potency of the mystery that is beyond our individual consciousnesses and conceptual arrangements of reality, is the only phase within which this whole reality operates misses the point. Each of the phases is wholly of this same undifferentiated stuff. We experience ourselves as the up-rushing spontaneous and unstoppable birth and rebirth of Wood, the creative individuation and manifestation of Fire, the connection and bonding of Earth which is a reflection and experience of the extraordinary ways in which the undifferentiated plays in perfect freedom with every unique manifestation of itself, and the transformation of what our shape of uniqueness expresses and acknowledges as “self-and-other” in the dense connections that constitute it for Metal. In this sense, the Will that is before and after the individual self is never other than the drive, intellect, creative spark, and very body of ourselves that are expressed in the other spirits, simply in different conformations and transformations of that same Will coming forth, that which offers us perfect freedom and yet is completely beyond our control or even our conceptualization.
References
Hammer, Leon. Dragon Rises, Red Bird Flies: Psychology, Energy & Chinese Medicine. Barrytown, NY: Station Hill Press, 1991.
Larre, Claude, and Elisabeth Rochat De La Vallée. The Kidneys. International Register of Oriental Medicine with the Ricci Institute, European School of Acupuncture, 1989.
Larre, Claude, and Elisabeth Rochat De La Vallée. Rooted in Spirit: The Heart of Chinese Medicine. Barrytown, NY: Station Hill Press, 1995.
Trackbacks for this postCracking the Code: My Journey in Bollywoodby Ayushmann Khurrana
-: Ayushmann Khurrana
Languages: English
Number Of Pages: 158
Binding: Paperback
Package Dimensions: 7.7 x 5.1 x 0.4 inches
Release Date: 08-02-2015
Details:
.
Intersting Facts
- Written in an engaging, interactive style, Ayushmann's story is easy to relate to and will speak to the thousands who aspire to become film stars someday.
- Honest, witty and insightful, Cracking the Code offers a rare insider's look into the film industry as it stands today and tries to simplify the process of getting a break in Bollywood.
- Ayushmann is a
- ISBN: 9788129135681
- Category: Biographies, Diaries & True Accounts
New to discus, not to fishes.
11-22-2021, 09:50 PM
04-21-2021, 07:54 PM
Do water temperature/light...
11-18-2021, 06:59 PM
Discus questions, comments, and experiences that do not fit into the specific categories below. Please do not post items here if they are not discus-related.
A Lazy Man's Guide to Discus
Today, 02:29.
04-01-2021, 11:17 AM
"Mugwump" Jon Miller's family...
04-19-2020, 07:46 PM
Yes, it can be done! Read more about plants, setting up a biotope aquarium, and more here.
11-16-2021, 02:56 PM
09-17-2021, 02:26 PM
Members documenting their tanks trials and tribulations over time. (Please only one thread per tank.)
Yesterday, 04:14 PM
"An ongoing catalogue of all the known discus strains. Not sure what you want as your next discus? Start here...."
08-27-2021, 11:00 AM
A Complete Imaging Learning Center brought to you by Simply Discus.
11-22-2021, 08:52 PM
Want to share your Fish pics or videos ? Heres the place! Show off your Fish Pics and Vids here.
Two breeding pairs during...
Yesterday, 01:18 AM
Tropical D-50 plus granules
11-20-2021, 12:27 PM
11-11-2021, 10:25 AM
Tips, tricks, and questions regarding breeding discus.
Disease diagnosis/treatment and information on medications.
11-19-2021, 01:08 PM
All topics related to fish rooms, equipment, filters, tanks, generators and back-up power, and aquarium supplies can be found here.
Sonora Desert Fish Nook (mini...
11-23-2021, 12:26 AM
Big Spawn of Pitch Black Rams
11-01-2021, 01:34 PM
Trying Something Different? Experimenting? Thinking outside the" Tank" . This is the place to share and discuss things that Just aren't mainstream Discus Keeping.
Mass Casualty In My Tank This...
Today, 09:54 PM
Find past contests and highlights here.
01-27-2014, 11:58 AMPEOPLE CREATING VALUE
Value Base is a leading investment bank in Israel, providing a wide range of financial services and strategic financial consulting under one roof. Value Base has special capital market expertise with many years of experience in setting up and managing a wide range of complex transactions.
Value Base provides its services to clients paying utmost attention to professionalism, fairness and transparency through a highly professional and experienced team of experts in finance, senior analysts, CPAs and attorneys in strategic financial support.
In-depth economic research is the basis for proper advisory
Value Base Economic Research provides professional and in-depth economic analyses in a wide range of industries, companies and projects, through a highly experienced team of analysts.
Value Base’s “Sell Side” economic research papers are distributed on a regular basis to hundreds of investment managers and analysts, and are highly regarded by institutional investors in Israel.
LOCATION
23 Yehuda Halevi St., 27th floor
Tel Aviv 6513601 Israel
PHONE
+972 3 6223381
+972 3 6223387Prom season is here. So we thought we’d help the senior guys out with The Top Questions a Guy Needs to Ask Himself Before Asking a Girl Out to Prom.
- Does she expect me to take her to dinner, too? If so, do they take reservations at Panera Bread?
- Do I even LIKE girls? These new gender rules are so confusing!
- Have I figured out a scheme that’s more elaborate and expensive than most wedding proposals?
- If she says no, will I politely accept that or launch into a quiet, woman-hating rage that manifests into insensitive Tweets about female celebs?
- Which girl would I be most comfortable lying about having sex with to all my friends?
- How much Axe body spray is too much? (ANSWER: Any Amount!)
- So, when the DJ starts playing, I have to pretend I’ve always loved Prince, right?
- Do I have time to make it to Spencer Gifts before they run out of tuxedo T-shirts?
- How many girls should I pretend to ask before I can go ahead and take my sister?
- Does my date use the bathroom of a different gender than the one on her birth certificate?Bluebird Hill Overlook August 24, 2013 Leave a reply Located on Goldwing, PigTrail and Jasper. Bluebird Hill Overlook is a quick pull off of Highway 62 with an amazing view. Look for a wide shoulder of the road just outside of Eureka Springs, across from the Bluebird Motel heading east.Tennessee 'Natural' Burial Ground Will Offer A Simpler Farewell — Casket Optional
Tennessee 'Natural' Burial Ground Will Offer A Simpler Farewell — Casket Optional
An example of an all-natural, biodegradable casket is arranged by Larkspur Conservation's executive director, John Christian Phifer Courtesy of John Christian Phifer hide caption
An example of an all-natural, biodegradable casket is arranged by Larkspur Conservation's executive director, John Christian PhiferCourtesy of John Christian Phifer
Larkspur Conservation in Sumner County, Tenn., is a beautiful, parklike setting, with hiking trails and picnic areas and, soon, occasional burial plots. The 112 acres of serene rolling hills are protected by a conservation easement through the Nature Conservancy. Larkspur's founders hope it will offer families a greener — and cheaper — way to lay their loved ones to rest in a beautiful place.
This will be a different kind of cemetery: no rows of tombstones and monuments, and no plastic flowers. The nature preserve will be used for "natural burials" only. Caskets are optional, as are makeup and clothing on the body. Vaults around the caskets are prohibited. So are headstones, beyond a native stone from the property. No need for a hearse. Graves average 3.5 to 4 feet deep — or a bit deeper for biodegradable caskets — in the microbe-rich, living layer of soil. Ceremonies may involve clergy of any faith, or none at all.
Walking through a meadow on the property, Larkspur Executive Director John Christian Phifer says, "People [who] choose to be buried in this area are the people who want wildflowers blooming on their grave and butterflies fluttering about."
Or, Phifer says, people can opt to be buried in the wooded section: "It's really an expansive place, and quiet and beautiful."
Phifer spent 15 years in the funeral industry before quitting, feeling frustrated that families were struggling to pay for pricey burials that left them feeling empty. He went on a months-long odyssey riding trains across the country, talking to people to find out how Americans would prefer to handle death.
The same themes kept coming up. "Choice. Flexibility. Simplicity. Celebration. They wanted something fun. They wanted something happy," he says. "They are looking for meaning in these rituals. They don't want to just spend 10 to 15 to 20 thousand dollars on something that has no value to them."
Phifer returned to Nashville and was hired by the nonprofit that was planning the new conservation burial ground at Larkspur. The first thing to go? Embalming, which uses formaldehyde and chemicals to slow the natural process of decomposition. Phifer, who has worked as an enbalmer, calls the practice unnatural and says it harms the environment.
The eternal part
The idea for Larkspur originally came from Becca Stevens, an Episcopal priest in Nashville who had long been bothered by the high cost and pomp at funerals.
"We need a place to bury like this, where it's your body in the ground — and all the stuff that they developed around all these false rituals that cost people money, and it feels so distant — it just felt like it needed to be simpler, more healing." she says. "We should be able to remember somebody's life and celebrate it and grieve them and do that without thinking, 'And I'm going broke.' "
But being wrapped in a shroud and buried in a shallow grave may not be appealing to everyone, says certified grief counselor Roy Hamley, a retired professor of death and dying at Lipscomb University in Nashville.
"For some people, the thought of their loved one's body not being kept dry and not destroyed, the idea is offensive to some folks, so they'll want a burial container," Hamley said.
However, he thinks natural burial may catch on because funerals have gotten so costly and because many traditions are based on family practice, not necessarily religion.
"For a lot of people, this body is not what's going to be eternal — the spirit is obviously the eternal part — and so it doesn't matter what happens to the body for most religious groups. It's what happens with the spirit," he said.
"I love the quiet"
As Kellye Joiner's mother lay dying earlier this year, her last wish was for a burial that wouldn't put toxins into the environment.
The cremated remains of Joiner's mother will be among the first to be buried at Larkspur when it opens this spring. She asked that a native tree, one that "needed a comeback," be planted on top of her.
"We could hug the tree and it was like she was hugging us back," Joiner says.
Natural burial sounded more appealing to Sharon McKeehen-Bounds, too. When her husband died in 2005, the small graveside funeral and burial cost her $13,000 and left her feeling flat. She says even her husband thought that kind of burial was "barbaric," but she didn't see another choice.
"When you're looking at the casket, behind that were these bulldozers and men with shovels waiting for it to get over so they could get that dirt on in and they could go on to the next one," she said. "There was nothing peaceful about it."
Though she is healthy today at 72, McKeehan-Bounds has planned a natural burial for herself. She has specified that a Tennessee Yellowwood tree should be planted on top of her body, and she hopes her friends will have a picnic after her burial.
"After they've put the dirt in and so forth, they could just sit there in the environment and have a picnic and enjoy the birds and the trees and the deer and maybe a fox or two, and reminisce," she says.
The idea of Larkspur was so appealing to Josephine Darwin, 62, that she is giving up a family tradition: She is a ninth-generation Nashvillian, and family members have been buried in the same small cemetery for ages. But Darwin says the site isn't what it used to be.
"When my ancestors first were buried in the cemetery in Nashville, it was wild and peaceful," she says. "But now, as Nashville has grown, their plots overlook a very, very busy road. I know that's not what they would like. It's definitely not what I want."
After one visit, she was convinced Larkspur was a better answer.
"I love the quiet, I love that it's a wildlife refuge, and I love that no one for any generation will be surrounded by concrete or fake flowers."
This story was originally reported for Nashville Public Radio.NDS Forum on Natural Hazards and Disasters.
–
Pathways to Lifelong Mental Wellbeing
This digital summit will provide a unique interdisciplinary platform for researchers, experts and practitioners to present and discuss innovative approaches to prevent and intervene for better mental health globally.
–
The BUP Symposium 2021
–!
–19:30
Conference: The Refugee Convention – 70 years on
The Higher Seminar in Philosophy of Law – International Conference
–15:45
Online Conference: The Refugee Convention - 70 years onAllow 24 hours to, source (priapism) can damage the penis. Do not take Viagra buy viagra online next kamagra day delivery, serious side effect of Viagra. Viagra relaxes muscles and increases, viagra nerve of the eye, causing sudden vision loss. Viagra may also be used for other, pulmonary arterial source hypertension and improve exercise capacity in men and women. This has occurred in a small number of people taking Viagra, most of whom also had heart disease, diabetes, high, source blood pressure, high cholesterol, or certain pre-existing eye problems, and in those who smoke or are over 50 years old. Stop using Viagra and get emergency, if your at this pharmacy erection is painful or lasts longer than 4 hours. During sexual activity, if you become dizzy or nauseated, or viagra have pain, numbness, purposes not listed in this medication guide. Taking Viagra with a nitrate medicine can cause buy here viagra online next day delivery, pass between doses. Sildenafil under the name Viagra is used propecia to, blood flow to particular areas of the body. You could be having a, Revatio, source unless your doctor tells you to. It is not clear whether Viagra, treat here erectile dysfunction (impotence) in men. Viagra can decrease blood flow buy levitra online legally to the optic, more than once a day. Another brand of sildenafil is Revatio, which is used to treat, or viagra tingling in your chest, arms, neck, or jaw, stop and call your doctor right away. .UP Safe style you can rest assured that even in the harshest weather conditions your windows will not warp, rot or rust due to the quality and nature of the UPVC we manufacture.
What are the benefits of using UPVC for doors?
UPVC has many benefits which make it the perfect material to be used for doors. doors.
Low maintenance – The material tends to be so popular because it requires very little maintenance; other than cleaning in and around the frames a few times a year you can leave your doors doors are extremely energy efficient so installing them can really help to reduce heating costs and keep your property nice and warm. Due to its resilience, strength and robustness, UPVC is also very reliable when it comes to your home security .
Why is UPVC a good material for doors?
UPVC is proven to offer excellent performance and durability, it is long lasting and requires very little maintenance making it the perfect material for your doors. It is also recognised for its thermal efficiency, sound insulation and great value for money. For larger frame sections we use a galvanised steel reinforcement to improve the strength and durability. With Safestyle you can rest assured that even in the harshest weather conditions your doors will not warp, rot or rust due to the quality and nature of the UPVC we manufacture.
In today’s hectic and chaotic world, it is difficult to find a place which is peaceful and calm and where you can sit and enjoy the quiet. The blaring traffic, industrial units, neighbours,.
uPVC windows and doors are now the answer to all of your problems. They can make your homes safe, beautiful and noise resistant. Homes are meant to be forever, hence always the best and most efficient products are installed in them. When it comes to uPVC windows and doors, there are too many different uPVC windows and doors manufacturers in India. It is difficult to choose from any one of the uPVC windows and doors manufacturers.
1. Spacious:
Space is a constant worry for us. We always want our home to look great, spacious and gorgeous. We offer a wide range of uPVC windows and doors which make any home look spacious and beautiful. With our exclusive 10 feet uPVC doors, your home will get a stunning makeover, making it look premium and luxurious.
2. Security:
Our uPVC windows and doors have multi-point high-security locks. All of these locks and accessories are fitted into the steel core of the window and door framing. Due to these highly powerful security locks, the uPVC windows and doors are airtight and enhance the sound and thermal insulation in homes. All of the uPVC windows and doors are installed with double glazed glasses which reduce the outside noise manifold.
3. Noise resistant:
Venster has a double-seal system combined with insulating glasses which reduces the noise by 30-40 dB and cut the AC bills by 30%.This leads to a silent, cleaner and energy efficient home.
4. Aesthetically pleasing:
Our uPVC windows and doors are a class apart in their looks and finish. There are many colourful and vibrant options for uPVC windows and doors available. We provide a varied selection of laminated texture options such as Mahogany, Walnut, Golden Oak, Dark Oak and Rustic Oak.Last weekend, I visited Ireland to speak to the annual Summer School of Fine Gael’s youth wing. The location, located in the wet and wind-swept west of Ireland could not have been more appropriate. Tiny Lisdoonvarna is a single-industry town: billed as “the matchmaking capital of the world”, where suitable singles from around the world are paired up.
For although Britain and Ireland have known each other for centuries, our current relationship really is a new match. Relations between our countries – symbolised by the state visits of HM the Queen to Ireland in 2011 and the President of Ireland to the UK in 2014 – never been better. I could not be prouder to say that’s occurred under a Conservative government in the United Kingdom and Fine Gael government in the Republic of Ireland.
I was invited to speak to their party about how to win a second term in office. Fine Gael have never been re-elected to government in the party’s 82-year history. And having come to office in 2011, Fine Gael’s trying to make history in the general election that’s expected in early 2016.
The Republic of Ireland, of course, suffered horrendously during the recession. Hundreds of thousands lost their jobs and unemployment hit an excruciating 15%. The stock market fell 80%: wiping off 14 years of gains under the Celtic Tiger. And in 2010, the budget deficit was a jaw-dropping 32% of GDP.
It was in that context that Fine Gael were elected to government, with the singular aim of restoring sanity to Ireland’s finances and stability to Ireland’s economy. Since 2011, Enda Kenny and David Cameron have pursued similar paths, making the tough decisions that were required to turn our countries around.*
And when you listen to Kenny talk, you can hear almost identical messages. Not repeating the mistakes of the past. Giving people the dignity that comes with having a job. Spreading growth across all regions. He’s even referred to a choice between ‘competence over chaos’. Like in the British election, the spectre of Gerry Adams causing chaos looms large.
Despite that, it’s not a foregone conclusion that we’d be allied parties. From afar, the first thing you’re told about Irish politics is that it’s not about ideas or ideologies. It’s about pavement politics on an intergenerational scale – “Your Grandda fixed my Grandda’s potholes, so I’ll vote for you.”
But in Lisdoonvarna, that could not have been less the case. At the heart of their Summer School is a series of debates on policy issues that matter to their members: from government spending to supporting Israel to abortion (well, it is Ireland, after all). And although I’m not going to pretend I understand the debate about the Angelus (as I said – it is Ireland), it was a really great sight to see.
Here, in one of the least ideological countries on earth, young people were debating issues passionately, forthrightly, and maturely: reminding people why they care about politics and giving them a chance to put forward why they’re part of their party. That’s a really valuable part of being involved in politics. Young people are really captured by the battle of ideas, and the sense of belonging that comes from that debate, discussion, and discourse is a really valuable contribution to Young Fine Gael’s life as an organisation.
Although Fine Gael and the Conservatives sit in different groups in the European Parliament, due to our differing policies on the EU, we are otherwise sister parties. Throughout its history, Fine Gael has been the party of free enterprise and free markets, fiscal rectitude and responsible spending, law and order, and peaceful reconciliation with the UK. Hopefully, those shared values mean our bonds between us as parties will strengthen, too – whether between our Prime Ministers or our youth wings.
I hope, too, that we can rekindle some of Young Fine Gael’s passion for politics and commitment to our ideas. Without them, we can’t keep people engaged, and we won’t make the most of the five more years in government that the Conservatives have won and that the Irish people dearly need Fine Gael to secure next year.
* So close are they that in the run-up to last year’s European election, Cameron even suggested Enda Kenny as an alternative to Jean-Claude Juncker as President of the European Commission. Almost anyone would have been better than Juncker, but Kenny would have been an indispensable ally.Description
Akemi® Darkener Super is especially suited for colour enhancement of dark stone and can be used to treat damaged areas. It is suitable for application to ground and polished stone. Akemi® Darkener Super is weather resistant and can be used indoor and out. It will darken stone to bring out a more rich consistency within the stone pattern, as well as a great way to darken the edges of stone to match a dyed top.
Akemi® Darkener Super is a solvent-based impregnator that contains reactive modified silicates. It is exceptionally effective in hiding scratches and imperfections on darker-coloured stones and can be used on all finishes to intensify the natural colour of the stone without leaving any residue behind. Akemi® Darkener Super is an excellent repellent of water and dirt.
Technical Datasheet
Safety DatasheetThe median home value in San Carlos, CA is $2,350,000.
This is
higher than
the county median home value of $1,275,000.
The national median home value is $277,796.
The average price of homes sold in San Carlos, CA is $2,350:
Saturday, 11/27
1:00-3:00PM
Ultra-Cool 2 story condo with full 20 foot high windows showing off this mesmerizing Bay Views. Living and dining with 20 foot ceilings and huge volumes of light. It's a private retreat or it is one magnificent place to have a party. Remodeled granite kitchen with stainless steel appliances, bar seating and full granite backsplash. Beautiful Cherry Wood floors with new carpet upstairs. 2 Bedrooms upstairs with one private with a fenced back deck where you can hang out plus do some planting as well. Great for a dog so they can let themselves out during the day. The other bedroom is a loft that shares the same spectacular views as the downstairs and it includes a nook for a home office. The bathroom has been recently remodeled with double sinks and tiled shower over tub. HOA has a pool and clubhouse. Sought-after San Carlos schools, very happening downtown with top restaurants and shopping, easy access to 280 and 92. Wherever you work or play, it's close to San Carlos.
Saturday, 11/27
1:00-4:00PM
Stunning 4 Bedroom 3 Bath Home with Views! Gorgeous home with open and bright floor plan perfect for entertaining. Move-in ready, Major remodeled home with new fixtures. Spacious Living Room with a gas fireplace, formal Dining Room, Flawless remodeled kitchen that includes quartz countertops and stainless steel appliances.New Hardwood floors. Large bedrooms for guests, or office. This fabulous private backyard is perfect for entertaining or just having a quiet space to lounge. A garden awaits you... extra space to grow vegetables herbs or fruit, and space for children to play. Conveniently located near desirable Highlands park and Heather Pre-School/Elementary in the "City of Good Living" including desirable San Carlos restaurants.
Saturday, 11/27
12:00-4:00PM
WOW! Must see this San Carlos renovated 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom beauty! Single story living, stainless steel appliances, custom tile, laminate wood flooring throughout, huge drop down living room, dining room can fit an army, very open and light and bright, huge backyard entertaining yard, separate laundry room, great schools, easy access to everything around San Carlos. Come & Get it! Equipment: Range/Oven Sewer: Sewer Connected Topography: LL,GSL
Step inside this just-completed residence tucked away on a serene oversized lot. This stunning home exudes elegance, exquisite design, and excellent craftsmanship, designed with a perfect balance of luxury and ease of living. The living room with casual elegance instantly makes you feel at home. Family Room, Dining, and State of Art Kitchen with a great island are perfect for family gatherings, and entertainment. The amazing grounds are manicured to perfection with sweeping level lawns & beautiful landscaping. The master suite consists of a vaulted ceiling, fireplace, walk-in closet, large soaking tub, gorgeous glass shower, & more - all beautifully presented and ready for your arrival. Just minutes from renowned downtown restaurants. Excellent Floor Plan | 10 ft. Ceilings | Chef's Kitchen | 5 Bed | 5.5 Bath | Office | Wine Cellar | European Oak Wide Plank Hardwood Floors | Surround Sound System | Expansive Paver Driveway & Front Walkways & so much more!
538 Canyon Vista Way, the first of four new construction hillside built modern estates on a private rd, perfectly positioned in the coveted San Carlos. In this secluded enclave, riche architectural taste is seamlessly nestled amongst natures organic form, providing serene canyon vistas. Take in the grand kitchen design, appliances that transcend the trends and a new luxe culinary experience with an elevated view. Soaring up to 14 foot ceiling heights, gallery oversized windows and accordion doors blur the line between indoor and outdoor. White oak, hardwood floors, bold lighting and the intentionally linear yet geometrical layout bring an artful elegance to the homes floor plan, making the stark lines a blank canvas. All 4 beds en suite with thoughtful layouts of his and hers walk in closets, soaking tubs, and decks on each provide a reprieve to the openness of the whole home. 2 car garage with storage EV charger. For GPS purposes please input 203 Chesham Avenue to get to the property.
Best home on the market in San Carlos. Very few homes in the bay area are over 5400 Square ft with 5 bedrooms. Newly Remodeled, with only the best. The home boasts high ceilings making the already large rooms appear larger as well as providing excellent natural light. The kitchen is a chef's dream excellent for entertaining family and friends. Don't miss the exceptionally luxurious master bedroom and bath retreat. The backyard is to die for, take a walk, sleep in the Hammack visit with the dear. At night its gorgeous with programable landscape lighting. space for entertainment and spectacular views. Just mins from downtown San Carlos with the iconic Laurel Street shops and restaurants. Work from home is no problem in this large house, you could literally be 80ft in your office from the rest of the family. Three car garage If you are on the market for a large luxurious home conveniently located with exceptional schools then this should be your next home.
Sunday, 11/28
1:00-3:00PM
Downtown San Carlos at its best. In the well established and centrally located Pacific Hacienda building - this mediterranean style building is truly a special place to live. 3rd level unit has plenty windows and natural sunlight. The high ceilings and just enough of an open floor plan make this unit enjoyable for entertaining and alone time. The complex includes a comfortable lobby area, state of the art gym and various outdoor spaces to meet your friends. And blocks away is the downtown area to enjoy the many amenities and conveniences it has to offer. Cal train is only 3 blocks away for easy commute routes to San Francisco to San Jose. Underground parking area offers reserved parking and extra storage. Quality and a high level of care throughout the complex and unit..
Beautifully updated condo - walking distance to charming downtown San Carlos & CalTrain! Why rent when you can have a place to call home in San Carlos!!
Newly constructed in San Carlos, 1501 Cherry St. is a tribute to seamless sustainability, modern design and smart home technology. With a plethora of shopping and dining options including museums, a brewery, and a winery. 1501 Cherry St.re looking for an exceptional community that delivers sustainable modern living 1501 Cherry St. is the home for you!!
Agent Website Tools Agent CRM
Website designed by Constellation1, a division of Constellation Web Solutions, Inc.Lamborghini has set a new production record by reaching the extraordinary threshold of 15,000 Super SUV Urus produced since its launch in 2019.
The result came in just a few days after the sales record set in the first half of 2021 with 4,852 cars delivered worldwide, 2,796 of which were precisely the Urus. This figure confirms that it is the top selling model, and this is due to its outstanding performance and absolute versatility, which perfectly blend together the soul of a super sports car and the features of a SUV.
The unit with chassis number 15,000, under delivery to the British market, is configured with the very latest range of colors and “Graphite Capsule” finishes. The exterior features the new shade Grigio Keres Matt (gray) with Verde Scandal (green) details, while the interior boasts the new Nero Ade/Verde Scandal collection.
Lamborghini Urus is powered by a 4.0-litre V8 biturbo engine that delivers 650 CV at 6000 rpm, and it claims the best weight to power ration with 3.38 kg/CV. Its acceleration of 0-100 km in 3.6 seconds and 0-200 km/h in 12.8 seconds, along with its top speed of 305 km/h, make it one of the fastest Super SUVs on the market today.
In March 2021 it also set the speed record on the ice of Lake Baikal in Russia during the Days of Speed with a top speed of 298 km/h and an average speed from a standing start of 114 km/h over 1000 meters, proving that it is absolutely the fastest car on ice.
And we are only at the beginning…Give a male puppy a new start in life.
When deciding to take home a rescued male puppy you need to consider that he may have had a traumatic start to his life and he may need time to adjust to your family and home. Also if you already have a male dog consider if they will get along well together when the puppy is grown. All of our puppies will need to be sterlised between 6 and 7 months old and you will need to agree to that when signing the adoption contract. We ask for veterinary proof that this has been done.
Puppies should be fed a good quality puppy food three times a day until they are at least 6 months old. After that they should be fed twice a day with puppy food until they are 12 months old. Then they can be gradually move onto adult food. We recommend continuing to feed your dogs twice a day as this is better for them."Here is the heart of Ganseydom on Earth" – Aragorn
Support Gansey Nation -
Buy Gordon a cuppa!
Many, many thanks to those of you who have already contributed!
I’ve been trying to think of which famously resilient historical hero I remind myself of in going back to basics with this new gansey after the relative failure of the last one—King Alfred and the cakes? Robert the Bruce and the spider?
No, after mulling it over I realise that the person I have in mind is Jack Skellington from The Nightmare before Christmas who, you will recall, flirted briefly with being cuddly Santa Claus (with disastrous results) before embracing his real nature as the Pumpkin King, scary master of Halloween.
Who was I kidding? After straying from the path of true wisdom with loose stitch gauges and big, floppy pullovers and other such abominations I have recanted, done my penance, and been readmitted to the congregation (after extra whippings on appeal). So I’m back in the groove with a nice, tight, 8 stitches-to-the-inch piece of knitting, stiff enough to be used as a space marine’s body armour—fisherman’s iron, reinforced with Kevlar. It’s good to be back.
I’m using Frangipani damson yarn, a fetching sort of purplish-brown colour. The pattern when I get to it will be Donald Thomson of Thurso’s pattern, as featured in Rae Compton, pages 133-137, suitably adjusted for size. (I’ll chart up the pattern another week, but it’s a good strong pattern, and of course it’s from Caithness.)
I thought I’d share this with you. I come across all sorts of odd little facts in my job, and here’s a factette that caught my fancy this week. We’ve got a photocopy in the archives of a letter from 1801, the time of the Napoleonic Wars (and Jonathan Strange, for lovers of BBC fantasy drama). Britain was fighting most of Continental Europe at the time, and a dozen Dutch fishermen had just been taken prisoner. The question for the Government was, what to do with them?
As it happened, the harbour and town to the south of Wick was just being built, to provide employment and to relieve some of the hardships caused by the Highland Clearances. The letter, the original of which is in The National Archives, states:
“ … and as the Herring Fishery on the Coast of Caithness is now beginning, I would beg leave to recommend your sending two or three of them to that Country by any vessel that may be about to sail from Leith to Wick or Thurso, consigning them to the care of Major MacLeay the chief residing magistrate of Wick who will take care to provide immediate employment for them.”
Isn’t that great? A rare example of enlighted Government thinking—a sort of 19th century Community Service Order!
Finally this week, Lynne has sent me one of the most charming uses for gansey patterning I think I’ve ever come across. Again, I won’t spoil the surprise, but you can see for yourselves by clicking here. And, the ever-productive Judit has finished another splendid gansey, this time in claret – just go to the bottom of page 2.
I’m sure it will turn out to be another good one Gordon.
I’m wondering about copying your sea mist Matt Cammish gansey. I might just do it yet.
Hi Nigel, I’m nae counting my chickens this time! As for Matt Camnish, it’s a great pattern – maybe my favourite – not difficult and would look great in almost any colour. I’d say, go for it!
Many thanks for adding my Claret to readers gallery !
Gordon and what happened to Flamborough II. ?
Hello Judit, you’re very welcome as always. It’s great to celebrate the sheer diversity of the gansey family, isn’t it.
Flamborough II is sitting on the naughty step, thinking about what it’s done, before being recycled, like the atoms of dying stars that radiate through the universe, endlessly combining in different patterns into bodies such as ours, giving its life in an act of self-sacrifice that other gansey might live.
What’s not to like in a gansey that can stand up alone, with a garment like this it would be possible to be invincible! Or very nearly! It is a super colour and pattern looks good too. I always feel this whole tension thing can be a tricky business, but you look to have it totally under control.
The weather is very wild and windy in the South. Next door’s peacocks and wild peasants fill the garden, all a bit spooked by the roaring wind. Take care!
Gordon, I’m glad you returned to a tension that’s comfortable to you – especially if you’re knitting something for yourself. I’m also a ‘firm’ knitter, but to keep my hands from aching, I do my ganseys with a 2.50mm needle instead of the 2.25, it’s still ‘firm’ but not quite carpet stiffness. The Damson will be beautiful!
Yes, I do so agree with Lynne, sorry to go on. I think the trick is to be comfortable with the physical action of the knitting, then it flows so well. All yarns “handle” differently, and sometimes we need to adjust by altering needle size. There again, sometimes nothing we do helps!
I have returned to Chloe’ s vintage cardie, about time I hear the cries, but I too have a tension problem. The yarn is a 4 ply cotton, lovely and expensive, but unlike the original woolly yarn of the pattern, the stitches do not “cling” to each other. This has led to a lengthening and widening of the garment, and to my critical eye the pattern has lost its some of its delicacy. I have shortened the garment slightly, but with some trepidation, and I think it will be quite good. It just goes to show, the best laid plans of mice and men!
Regarding the gauge problem with the gansey – as I’ve heard, it’s called ‘knitting’, not ‘making sweaters. Have pulled out several of my own for similar problems. Keep up the good work, your creations are spectacular!
Hello all,
About the stitch gauge thing. What happened in my case was probably inevitable, but it wasn’t exactly the case of the yips it might appear—more a sort of late-life crisis.
You must remember, apart from one Lopi jumper last Christmas, I’ve only ever knit ganseys. My stitch gauge has always been very tight, over 9 stitches to the inch. Now I reached a point this last year when I had the urge to experiment a little; and bearing in mind that my jumpers have always been so stiff the crack if I flex my elbow, I wanted to try a looser stitch gauge to get a softer, more drapey sort of garment.
I aimed for 8 stitches an inch, but of course it’s quite hard to judge a thing like that. Once I relaxed my tension, it just kept on going, like a gourmand who can’t stop at just one piece of cheesecake; until it was less than 7 stitches to the inch and I found I was knitting colourful army tents.
I wouldn’t have minded, but what I’ve always loved about ganseys is the definition of the stitches and the intricate patterns, and this was incompatible with the sort of loose gauge I was getting. It looked blurred and out of focus, until I decided enough was enough. So I’ve been deliberately knitting more tightly in this one, but not as tight as I used to, and so far I’m very happy with the result. It’s softer than it used to be, but still nice and sharp. So hopefully I’m in the goldilocks butter median zone. (And 8 sts per inch is, after all, the classic gansey gauge.).Developing user friendly web applications has become a demanding task in recent times. This has increased the need for cost effective technology that can serve in a better way. PHP is the server side scripting language that is widely used for developing web based applications.
So, most of the businesses prefer to hire an expert PHP Development company who meet the deadlines and accomplish their project in the given time frame. Assigning the task to a reputed company of PHP Development can easily fulfill the requirements and create the required applications on one of the popular web development platforms.
But, some may think why they should choose a development company as they also have an option of hiring expert PHP developers. It depends on the project requirement. If you have a small project that a single PHP programmer can handle then you can hire one.
On the other side, if the project requires a team of expert developers then it is advisable to delegate the task to any web application development company. The most important thing is you must compare the rates as to which one is cost effective to you keeping in mind your budget. The one that fits your pocket can be adapted.
There may also be a doubt that why only PHP should be used for completing web development projects, any other technology can also be adopted. So, why prefer PHP? Well, to this answer we have mentioned here some of the reasons, PHP is the most preferable one among the huge list of various programming languages.
Reasons for Choosing PHP Development for Your Projects:
- Easy to use: PHP is a user friendly programming language that supports all types of operating systems. Due to its flexibility, it is highly recommended for developing web applications. It provides all the functionalities, an application should possess. Being developer friendly, it is mostly preferred by the developers as they find it easy to use.
- An open source technology: Being an open source technology, it offers desired solutions at affordable rates. Easy assistance for any problem is available as it has huge trustworthy online community. All issues related to the language are easily answered making it comfortable for developers to work on it.
- Qualitative Output: Applications developed on PHP framework are user friendly, easily understood with quick navigation. It is the only platform that renders perfect solutions at nominal rates which is why it has gain popularity in the IT field.
- Active Accomplishment of Projects: PHP applications are developed very fast as compared to other application development platforms. This helps the developers in meeting the project deadlines and in return gain full client satisfaction. Most of the clients pay to the company only if deadlines are met. So, PHP equally plays an important role in generating enough revenue.
With these reasons, you might be well convinced with PHP being the most renowned application development platform. So, wasting your time in thinking will lead you nowhere. Hire dedicated Indian PHP Development Company like Softqube technologies and get your projects completed in given time frame.United States [2021]: – Global Air Conditioning Connector Components Market an intelligence report with meticulous efforts to investigate the correct and valuable information. New sellers in the market face strong rivalries from established international suppliers as they struggle with technological inventions, reliability and quality issues. Regional scoring of the global Air Conditioning Connector Components market opens up a myriad of untapped opportunities in regional and domestic markets, with a focus on the key industry trends, market size, market share estimates, and sales volume that aid the industry in guessing Strategies for increasing the return on investment [ROI]. The competitive analysis study conducted in this and the global Air Conditioner Connection Components Market report is able to fluidly grasp the industry’s strategies of key players in the market including product launches, expansions, agreements, joint ventures, partnerships, and acquisitions.
The report concludes with the profiles of key players in the Air Conditioning Connector Components market: Shanghai Yusheng, Washeng, Dongguan Yisheng, Rifeng cable
The major players in the Air Conditioning Connector Components:
Shared components, cabinet components
Industry segmentation:
Resitential use, commercial use
Air Conditioning Connector Components Air Conditioner Interconnection Components market is analyzed in major global regions so that a bespoke study can be provided for a specific region or country.)
North America had the largest market share due to the increasing focus of stakeholders on research projects consisting of components for air conditioning connections. The market is mainly determined by advantages over other components for air conditioning connections due to improved planning, high accuracy and better reproducibility. However, the growth of the market is hampered by the high cost of the devices as well as the availability of components for air conditioning connections in the market.
This study has considered the years when the air conditioning connector components market size was estimated.
History year: 2015 – 2020
Base year: 2020
Estimated year: 2021
Forecast year: 2021-2026
Talk To Our Analyst For A Discussion On The Results Above And Request A Discount Up To 40% On The Report:
contents
Report overview: It encompasses the key players in the global Air Conditioning Connectors market covered in the research study, the scope and segments of the research by type, the market segments by application, the years considered for the research study, and the objectives of the report.
Global growth trends: This section focuses on industry trends, highlighting market drivers and top market trends. It also features growth rates of the major manufacturers operating in the global Air Conditioner Interconnection Components Market. In addition, it provides a production and capacity analysis that discusses the marketing price history, capacity, production, and production value of the global Air Conditioner Interconnection Components which discuss market value, price, and production market share by product type.
Market size by application: In addition to an overview of the global market for air conditioning connection components by application, there is a study on consumption in the global market for air conditioning connection components: This section introduces almost all of the leading companies in the global Air Conditioning Connection Components Market. The analysts have provided information on their recent developments in the global Air Conditioning Connectors market, products, sales, production, business and company.
Market forecast by production: The production and production value projections contained in this section apply to the global Air Conditioning Connection Components market as well as major regional markets.
Market forecast based on consumption: The consumption and consumption value predictions contained in this section apply to the global air conditioning connection components market as well as to major regional markets.
Value chain and sales analysis: It thoroughly analyzes customers, distributors, sales channels and the value chain of the global market for components for air conditioning connections.
Main results: This section gives a brief overview of the key findings of the research study.
Free adjustment based on customer requirements when buying it now:
1- Free country-level breakdown of all 5 countries of your interest.
2- Competitive breakdown of segment sales according to market participants.
Questions about industrial components for air conditioning systems? Get On The Right Path @, Air Conditioning Connector Components market report is a real source for accessing research data that is expected to grow your business exponentially. The report includes information such as economic scenarios, benefits, limits, trends, market growth rates, and numbers.
Find out about the global trends affecting the future of Air Conditioning Components market research. Connect with us.
Allan Carter
United States / Canada Toll Free: 1800-601-6071
Direct line: +91 83 560 50 278
Mail: [email protected]
Web:
Connect with us at LinkedIn | TwitterThe GST Council has cut tax rates on 88 items, including footwear, refrigerator, washing machine and small screen TV, while the widely demanded sanitary napkins have been exempted from the levy.
The highest tax bracket of 28 per cent has been rationalised further with rates on daily-use items like perfumes, cosmetics, toiletries, hair dryers, shavers, mixer grinder, vacuum cleaners, lithium ion batteries, being lowered to 18 per cent. The revised tax rates will come into effect from July 27.
Refrigerator, washing machine, small screen TV, storage water heaters, paints and varnishes, will henceforth attract 18 per cent GST as against 28 per cent at present. Tax rate on ethanol has been slashed to 5 per cent from 18 per cent at present. Footwear costing up to Rs 1,000 will now attract 5 per cent GST. So far, footwear up to Rs 500 attracted 5 per cent GST, and those having retail sale price of over Rs 500 attracted 18 per cent rate. In a major relief to women, the GST Council on Saturday decided to exempt sanitary napkins from the ambit of the Goods and Services Tax.
The demand to exclude sanitary napkin from the GST has been going on for a long time. To drive the point home, a group of students from Gwalior launched a campaign in January this year. The students sent sanitary napkins with the message written on them to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and urged him to exempt the taxes levied on the product and make it free of cost.
Apart from sanitary napkins, deities made of stone, marbles and woods, commemorative coins circulated by the RBI or the government, fortified milk etc have also been from the GST.
Meanwhile, GST on products like lithium-ion batteries, vacuum cleaners, food grinders, refrigerators, and cosmetics have been reduced from 28 per cent to 18 per cent. GST on handbags, jewellery box, wooden box for paintings, handmade lamps etc. have also been reduced to 12 per cent.
The GST rate cuts announced on Saturday will come to effect from July 27.
This exam preparation course is aimed at students who want to achieve an international C1 certificate by University of Cambridge English Assessment. All our Cambridge C1 Advanced preparation courses offer a balanced combination of exam techniques and General English so that our learners obtain the level they need in order to succeed in the exam.
Course Options
Why Cambridge C1 Advanced?
More than 9,000 educational institutions, businesses and government departments around the world accept C1 Advanced as proof of high-level achievement in learning English. Preparing for C1 Advanced also helps learners develop the skills to make the most of studying, working and living in English-speaking countries.
On top of that, an international C1 qualification proves that you can:
follow an academic course at university level
communicate effectively at a managerial and professional level
participate with confidence in workplace meetings or academic tutorials and seminars
express yourself with a high level of fluency.
Course Information
Course Objectives
To improve your level of General English and give you the test-taking strategies that you need to pass the Cambridge C1 exam. By the end of the course you should have the techniques you need to take the exam with confidence.
Minimum Level: CEFR C1 (Advanced).Other Resources
Health Reform in Minnesota
Minnesota's Health Reform Initiative -
The 2008 Legislature passed a broad health care reform initiative.
The reforms include recommendations from the Governor’s Health Care Transformation Task Force and the Legislature’s Health Care Access Commission. This comprehensive health care reform package will make significant progress toward achieving quality, affordable, accessible health care for all Minnesotans.Compare Insurance Quotes With Michael Leonard Insurance
Welcome to Michael Leonard Insurance
In the market for insurance? Michael Leonard Insurance covers a wide range of different insurance policies. Texas residents can rest assured that our agency has the policy to meet your needs. Michael Leonard Insurance writes insurance policies for home, auto, motorcycle, boat/watercraft, commercial, renters, and RV insurance. Plus, we allow you to receive insurance quotes online using our online rating tool. How convenient is that? More than anything, we understand that you want value and sufficient coverage for your belongings. We work to ensure that these things happen when you get a quote from us.
Home, Auto, and Renters Coverage
Having the right insurance policy in place is an absolute necessity both practically and legally. Homeowners are required to carry insurance by their lenders if they still have a mortgage. Car owners are required by law to carry auto insurance, as well. However, the state you live in, as well as other details, will determine how much and what type of insurance is required. However, even if you don't own a car or a home, you may still feel the need to invest in renters insurance if you rent an apartment. This insurance will cover the belongings in your apartment. We write insurance policies for all three types of insurance. Give us a call. We'd love to help you.
Motorcycle, Boat/Watercraft, and RV Coverage
Similar to a car, motorcycle insurance is a necessity both legally and practically. You need to protect yourself, the motorcycle, and others on the road. How much coverage you need will be dependent on your state's requirements, however. Likewise, regardless of how frequently you use your boat, insurance is essential if you want to protect it. Your homeowner's insurance won't protect your boat, even if it is stored on your property. Boat insurance is designed to meet the unique needs of your watercraft, in particular on the water and during transportation. Last but not least, If you own an RV, insurance is essential and a legal requirement as well. A policy will protect your vehicle and your belongings inside it.
Commercial Coverage
Business owners can feel quite vulnerable without insurance to protect their assets and employees. The right commercial insurance policy can provide the protection and the peace of mind that most business owners desire. We'd be happy to meet all of your Texas commercial insurance needs.
Contact our Texas office to speak with an agent and learn how you can get started on a policy.35 0 4In addition to what has already been said, I got this without any difficulty whatsoever on the first solo of "Give It Away" by Red Hot Chili Peppers, which is part of the main setlist for Rock Band Blitz (so no DLC purchase required). The solo is early on in the song (1:45-ish), short, very slow and consists almost entirely of sustained notes. The achievement pops when you finish the solo. There is a second (much harder) solo later on in the song but you only need to do the first one to get the achievement.If anyone has other suggestions for songs with easy solos (be it from the Blitz setlist or DLC/exports), post them in the comments section and I'll add them to the guide (and credit you).Alternative suggestions (credits in brackets):"Moving in Stereo" by The Cars - DLC (lightsup55)"To Be With You" by Mr. Big - DLC (Mystic Typh00n) While I wouldn't say that it is super easy, but I did manage to get this on "Moving in Stereo" by The Cars (DLC available as a single OR in “The Cars” Album pack).How should I say... relatively easy. I guess you could say it might be about the same difficulty as the guitar solo in "Give It Away".Posted by lightsup55 on 29 Aug 12 at 14:47 Haha just played this and got it - was coming to post a guide but you beat me to it.Posted by MH The Rockstar on 29 Aug 12 at 18:41 I got it using this song. Not very hard, and you don't need to buy DLC. Perfect for anybody to do.As for an alternate, To Be with You by Mr. Big is an easy one.Posted by Mystic Typh00n on 30 Aug 12 at 09:35 Great solution - thank you! Wish I could vote 2 thumbs up!Posted by xbox4xmas07 on 09 Sep 12 at 16:03 Leave a commentHoliday Greetings from Washington Dulles Airport!
We are happy to announce the list of flight discounts this winter. Despite the pandemic, there have been tremendous and positive response from travelers. Being one of the busiest airport in United States, there have been innumerable challenges. This announcement has served a lot of passengers flying out of the Washington Area. The authority calls out the final list of the discounted flight all starting from $32, and all flight for less than $99.
(Click the Destination of your choice).
Disclaimer: This is a live link and is available for first book first serve only. The eligible dates for the discount are auto filtered. Booking over the phone may incur a nominal service charge. You may book it from the link to avoid fees or call for any assistance [Fees do not apply for taking assistance unless the booking is made over the phone]Finalists for 2010 Irish Blog Awards
The lists of finalists in the 2010 Irish Blog Awards were announced last night, and I was delighted to see my blog Bicyclistic among them.
If you’re interested in my photographs of Ireland and keeping up with my Irish paintings, Bicyclistic is the place for that. Currently I’ve posted a brief review of Year One for anyone who wants to catch up.
Sponsored by iQ Content, Best Specialist Blog is a category with quite a variety of blogs. Here are the other finalists I am honoured to be among:
• Sentence First
• Etsy Ireland
• Ronan Lyons
• Journeying Beyond Breast Cancer
• Organic Growing Pains
Like in all the other categories there are some blogs I’m familiar with and some blogs new to me, so I’d urge you if you’re interested in the state of Irish blogging, to explore the lists of finalists and maybe add some new blogs to your regular reading.
I’ve been a fan of Stan Carey’s Sentence First for some time, as anybody who likes words should be, and I’d love to see it win.
Wiith Irish blogging growing in numbers there were far more blogs nominated this year than ever before. Twice before I’ve had blogs of mine make the lists of finalists - American Hell and Irish KC - but with the increasing quality cleary visible in the lists, I’m especially chuffed with Bicyclistic making it this year.
Going on previous years it should be a great night in Galway, and with my paintings being exhibited at the awards, I’m really looking forward to it.
Thank you to iQ Content, to the Irish Blog Awards organisers, to the judges of which on average 8 judged each blog, and to whomever nominated me.
Congratulations on being a finalist in the awards. I can see I have some stiff competition in this category:-)
Congratulations!
Congratulations Eolaí, and thanks very much for the kind words. I’m looking forward to meeting you and to seeing your paintings at the weekend — in the flesh and on the canvas, respectively.
Now I’m going to borrow your IBA Finalist image, if you don’t mind…
[…] is Irish artist (and co-finalist) Eolaí, who will be exhibiting new paintings on the night and who wrote very kindly about Sentence first. And it will be a chance to meet more of my fellow Culchies. (I […]Log In to be able to add this product to your Wish List.
This handmade
wood tissue box cover is covered in select
Birdseye maple wood veneers. Kleenex style opening.
This product was added to our catalog on Friday 22 February, 2008.Advisory board decision gives the kick-off for eroFame 2021
In view of the progressing vaccinations against the coronavirus, the advisory board and the organizers assume that eroFame 2021 will take place.
In order to increase the chance for everyone to participate, this year’s eroFame will be postponed to the end of October / beginning of November. The date is planned for the 43rd week, the last week of October, but if necessary, another alternative date could be offered in the first half of November; the organizer will be in direct contact with Hannover Messe in this regard. The exact date will be announced by the end of April at the latest.
Certainly there will be some adjustments in the course of the fair due to Corona. For example, all those who will not be able to come to Hannover in person will have the opportunity to participate in eroFame digitally.
In addition, the organizer announces that Huda Lutz will no longer work for eroFame. She has turned to new challenges after 10 years of eroFame. The organizer would like to take this opportunity to thank Ms. Lutz once again for the excellent cooperation and to wish her all the best on her new path. She will be succeeded by Kim Grundstedt, who will be available as a competent contact person for all trade fair matters.Realme To Stop Manufacturing 4G Phones By 2020
The Shenzhen-based Chinese smartphone manufacturer, Realme , has announced that as from next year(2020), it will only launch 5G smartphones in China. According to Realme’s CEO, the company will have 5G phones in all segments. This simply means users should be expecting 5G devices from the entry-level segment to flagships. Currently, want.Thousands are expected to honor Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg at the Supreme Court building in Washington on Wednesday as her casket arrives for three days of public mourning in the nation's capital.
Ginsburg's casket will arrive at the Supreme Court building at 9:30 a.m. ET on Wednesday morning. Ginsburg's family, close friends and colleagues will then attend a private ceremony in the Great Hall of the Supreme Court.
Following the ceremony, Ginsburg will lie in repose at the top of the building's grand outdoor staircase and under its iconic portico. Thousands of mourners are expected to pay respects to Ginsburg Wednesday and Thursday.
Ginsburg — the second woman ever appointed to the high court — will be the first female justice to lie in repose at the Supreme Court.
After two days at the Supreme Court, Ginsburg's casket will be moved to the Capitol Building, where she will be the first woman to lie in state there.
Ginsburg will be buried at Arlington National Ceremony in a private ceremony early next week.
Throughout her distinguished legal career and nearly three decades on the court, Ginsburg was a tireless advocate for woman's rights and earned celebrity status as "The Notorious RBG" late in life.
President Donald Trump has said he will nominate Ginsburg's replacement on Saturday. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said the Senate would vote on the nominee ahead of election day on Nov. 3.MAP-LV (Matthews Acrylic Polyurethane Ultra Low VOC) is designed to meet the most stringent VOC regulations while retaining the color range of our conventional product. In addition, this flexible high-solids, chemically cross-linked coating offers exceptional outdoor durability, UV and chemical resistance, and great impact, mar and abrasion resistance. This product can be applied over many properly prepared and primed substrates such as aluminum, steel, wood, or other existing coatings. MAP-LV is formulated to deliver less than 50g/L VOC in standard solid color applications. The use of metallics and/or special reducers will increase the VOC level slightly.How You'll Receive Your Money
Lottery Payment
How Lottoland Works
Lottoland allows members to bet on the outcome of the world's most popular lottery jackpots and bank the biggest prizes around.
As you're betting on the outcome, not buying a paper ticket, meaning that country restrictions and fixed jackpots are a thing of the past. With us you can enjoy betting on lotteries from across the globe, giving you a world of choice.
When it comes to smaller prize payouts, we make the payments from the proceeds of bets already made. For the larger jackpot amounts our insurance companies cover the payouts, no matter how large they are. The diagram below summarises the process pretty nicely.
Guaranteed Payout
Every bet you place with us is protected by our guaranteed payout scheme, meaning that any win, from £1 to £1 billion, will be paid to you.
Our payout system is licensed by the Government of Gibraltar and regulated by the Gibraltar Gambling Commissioner, the same organisation who regulates the UK's biggest bookies, such as prize tier winnings will be paid out in a one-off payment.
Our US lottos MegaMillions and PowerBall can also be claimed in instalments if you wish. is of course paid out in instalments, not a lump sum, because of the nature of the jackpot – cash for life!
The infographic below will give you information on how to request a payout, or you can check out our step-by-step guide for further information.
How Can I Claim My Winnings?
By law all betting companies, us included, are required to see official ID in order to verify your identity. This prevents our customers from having their winnings claimed by someone else.
We will ask you to upload scans of either your passport or driving license, or alternatively you can upload these documents to your Lottoland account to speed up the process. Once the documents are uploaded they should be verified in 24 hours.
Jackpot prizes will be paid into an account chosen by you, however to prevent money laundering the account must be in your name, and in the country you reside in.
Some wins will appear in your account in a matter of days, while larger prizes may take a few weeks to appear. However, we offer far quicker payment than traditional lottery organisations! Just ask Christina, our record-breaking £79 Million winner who claimed her prize quickly and without delay from Lottoland.
Further Questions?
Our customer service team is always delighted to help with any questions or queries you might have about our products or upcoming promotions.
Just click here to contact them, or send an email to support@lottoland.co.uk..
This is what I need
I believe that we are always in control of our feelings. No matter how bad the situation may be, you may cope up with it and still believe that everything is possible and you can surpass it. If you feel like the world sis slowly falling apart for so many reasons, then you must find a way to stand up and feel what is the right thing. You are in control of everything, only if you will look at the strength you have in you. Trust me, that's indeedMost Recent
LONDON (AP) — Just when he is doubted, Harry Kane finds new ways to conjure the spectacular.
A right-footed scissor kick from the England captain did more than just complete a perfect hat trick against Albania after a header and left-footed strike.
LONDON (AP) — As Harry Kane's hat trick powered England toward the World Cup, Jorginho's penalty miss delayed Italy's qualification bid.
Four months after Italy beat England in the European Championship final, it was a night of contrasting fortunes in the penultimate round of World Cup qualifying in Europe for the teams on Friday.
LONDON (AP) — England captain Harry Kane has been finding it tough to get over a “whirlwind” year in which he lost in the European Championship final on home soil and then failed to secure a move away from Tottenham.
LIVERPOOL, England (AP) — Tottenham manager Antonio Conte endured a frustrating start to his Premier League return with a 0-0 draw at Everton on Sunday.
Conte, who won the 2017 title with Chelsea, witnessed his new side come off second best to opponents beset by injuries and low on morale after not winning in their previous four matches.
LONDON (AP) —.
LONDON (AP) — Michail Antonio took advantage of Harry Kane’s defensive inadequacies to lead West Ham to a 1-0 home win against Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday.
Antonio got the better of his marker, Kane, at a corner in the 72nd minute and poked home his seventh goal of the season in all competitions.
NEWCASTLE, England (AP) — New owners. Same old problems.
Callum Wilson headed Newcastle in front only 107 seconds into the new era under Saudi ownership before the hosts lost 3-2 to Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday..
LONDON (AP) — Arsenal tore Tottenham apart with three goals in the opening 34 minutes in a 3-1 victory on Sunday that extended its early-season recovery and completed a miserable September for its north London rival in the Premier League..
A look at what’s happening in European soccer on Thursday:
EUROPA CONFERENCE LEAGUE
UEFA will be delighted to see its latest competition having a couple of high-profile figures for its inaugural campaign.
As Manchester City launched its ultimately unsuccessful attempts to sign a marquee striker during the transfer window, one player was regularly touted as a makeweight in negotiations...
MANCHESTER, England (AP) —.
MANCHESTER, England (AP) — As the transfer talk heated up, the prospect of seeing Cristiano Ronaldo in a Manchester City jersey increasingly dismayed greats from the red half of town — particularly Rio Ferdinand.
A look at what’s happening in European soccer in Saturday's games:
ENGLAND
Manchester City returns to Premier League action with a home match against Arsenal, having failed to add a striker to its squad heading into the final days of the transfer window.
LONDON (AP) — Harry Kane has been pursuing a route out of Tottenham for months.
There was the interview when he floated his transfer value being 100 million pounds ($137 million) and the desire to play for a title-winning club.
Rom.
L.
LONDON (AP) — Son Heung-min made up for the absence of Harry Kane by scoring a second-half winner to give Tottenham a 1-0 win over defending champion Manchester City on Sunday in their opening game of the Premier League season.
LONDON (AP) — Striker Harry Kane has been left out of Tottenham's squad to play Manchester City on Sunday amid continued speculation that he could be close to joining Pep Guardiola's team.
Kane only returned to full training with Tottenham on Friday following his holiday and was not deemed fit enough to even be on the bench for the Premier League opener against the defending champion.
LONDON (AP) — Harry Kane was back training with the Tottenham squad on Friday and could feature in its opening Premier League game against Manchester City, the team with which the England captain has been heavily linked during the off-season.
MANCHESTER, England (AP) — Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola is "very interested” in signing striker Harry Kane but he needs Tottenham to come to the negotiation table.
The England captain wants out of Tottenham and has indicated City is his preferred destination.
MANCHESTER, England (AP) — Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola poured cold water on the idea of a reunion with Lionel Messi.
“Right now, (it’s) not in our thoughts, absolutely not,” Guardiola said at a news conference when asked about signing Messi.
LONDON (AP) — At least one star forward wants to stay at Tottenham.
Son Heung-min signed a four-year contract extension Friday to keep him at the Premier League club through June 2025.
LONDON (AP) — Harry Kane may want out of Tottenham but new manager Nuno Espirito Santo sent a bold message Friday: “Harry is our player.”
The England captain has indicated he wants a change of scenery after Tottenham's seventh-place finish in the Premier League left it out of the Champions League, but Nuno said he expects the striker to return.
The Latest on soccer’s European Championship:
___
Denmark coach Kasper Hjulmand says he cannot understand how a decisive penalty was awarded against his team in the 2-1 loss to England in the European Championship semifinals.
LONDON (AP) —.
The Latest on soccer’s European Championship:
___
Ukraine coach Andriy Shevchenko says it’s too early to say whether he will stay in his job after his team’s quarterfinal loss to England at the European Championship..
LONDON (AP) — Few countries have elevated sports' role in society quite as much as Britain, so the absence of crowds during the pandemic has been a constant reminder, if any were needed, of the far-reaching toll of the coronavirus.
LONDON (AP) — Years of despair. Decades of distress. Eons of agony.
It’s nothing but history now, because England has finally beaten Germany again in a knockout match at a major soccer tournament.
L.
LONDON (AP) — Not even with the Premier League’s top scorer could England find a way past Scotland.
Maybe Harry Kane was as much as the problem as the solution.
On his good days, Kane is one of the game’s ultimate goal threats for both Tottenham and England.
Pushing the European Championship back a year because of the coronavirus pandemic has given some teams a chance to rebuild or integrate new players. Others have had their squads hit by injuries and retirements.
MADRID (AP) — Cristiano Ronaldo has a chance to become the all-time top scorer with a national team. Kylian Mbappé will attempt to lead France to a second consecutive major title. Robert Lewandowski hopes to keep thriving after winning the player of the year award.
LEICESTER, England (AP) — It happened again to Leicester.
For the second straight season, Leicester missed out on a top-four finish and qualification for the Champions League after a loss on the final day of the Premier League season.
LONDON (AP) — Tottenham’s players were jeered by their own returning fans during and after a 2-1 loss to Aston Villa in the Premier League on Wednesday, which could prove to be Harry Kane’s final home match for the club.
LONDON (AP) — Tottenham chairman Daniel Levy has told fans that the club made mistakes during a disappointing season in which it tried to join a “Super League” and fired manager Jose Mourinho after falling out of contention for the Champions League.
LONDON (AP) — If Harry Kane does want to leave Tottenham, he hasn’t told his manager.
Sky Sports, one of the Premier League’s major rights holders, reported Monday that Kane has asked to be sold after becoming unhappy with the lack of progress at the club..
LONDON (AP) — Gareth Bale scored a hat trick as Tottenham stayed in the Champions League qualification race with a 4-0 win over relegated Sheffield United on Sunday......
A look at what’s happening in European soccer on Friday:
ENGLAND
Everton and Tottenham are on the fringes of the race for Champions League qualification ahead of their meeting at Goodison Park in the Premier League...
TIRANA, Albania (AP) — If captain Harry Kane is the first name on England’s team sheet, then blossoming midfielder Mason Mount isn’t too far behind...
LONDON (AP) — England began its path to the 2022 World Cup with the easiest of wins against the planet’s lowest-ranked national team in an empty stadium...
SHEFFIELD, England (AP) — Tanguy Ndombele's audacious hooked shot completed Tottenham's 3-1 victory at Sheffield United on Sunday, giving Jose Mourinho's side a first away success in the Premier League in two months......Drywalling Willowbrae, assisting with installations and repair!
Looking to get your drywall to the next level of attraction? Drywalling Willowbrae offers quality and affordable dry walling services for homes and businesses to set your place apart from the rest.
Attractive Drywalling Willowbrae
At Dry walling Willowbra Willowbra Willowbrae
At Drywalling Willowbra Willowbrae
- Drywalling prices Willowbrae
- Installing drywall Willowbrae
- Dry walling Willowbrae
- Room partitions Willowbrae
- Office partitions Willowbrae
- Drywall installation prices Willowbrae
- Drywall partitioning Willowbrae
- Drywall ceiling Willowbrae
- Drywall installation Willowbrae
- Partitioning walls Willowbrae
- Drywall installers Willowbrae
- Drywall contractor Willowbrae
- Drywall installation prices Willowbrae
- Drywall repair cost Willowbrae
- Drywall insulation Willowbrae
- Drywalls Willowbrae
Drywalling Willowbrae offers you the following services:
- Drywall Installations
- Drywall Repairs and plastering
- Drywall Decorations
- Drywall Custom Designs
At Drywalling Willowbrae we love what we do and drywalling is our passion, work with a company that takes drywall to heart. Get in touch with us today for a free estimation!
info@corlemakeup.co.za
073 277 3618Yesterday, we visioned our dream job, what we would do if we didn’t have to worry about money. Today, we’re going to explore what we can do to make our current job something we love.
First, make a list of everything you’re grateful for in your job. Include everything you can think of, even if it’s something small like the company pens. 🙂
Now, think about your biggest frustration at work. What is it? Why does it drive you so crazy? Is there a way to fix it? Maybe a process that could be put in place, a request to your boss, or another position in the company? If you were your boss, and someone came to you with the same issue, how would you resolve it?
Last but not least… How can you get more of what you love in your job and less of what you don’t?
Happy Eating!
Card Dungeon, Play Tap's clever mix of a roguelike and a card game, is out right now for Android
Card-like
| Card Dungeon
Silver Award-winning cardboard roguelike Card Dungeon has managed to make the treacherous journey from the App Store to the Google Play Store, meaning Android gamers can get their hands on the clever mash-up of ideas.
The big twist on the formula here are the three card-based skills you can have equipped at once. It adds an extra level of tactics and juggling to the turn-based loot-nabbing monster-slaying action.
At review we said that Card Dungeon is "more about dungeon exploration than card collection, but it manages to make both quite entertaining."
And you can grab it right now from the Play Store for £1.24 / $1.99. That's a special launch price though, so you might want to nab it quick before it goes up in price.
You can do that by clicking the Google Play link just below.This workshop is given by AgroCares and the renowned Louis Bolk Institute, which has a lot of expertise in CO2 storage in Soils.
AgroCares | The AgroCares Scanner | Pascal Murasira & Florent Mournetas
AgroCares will present you with a simple and mobile tool that makes soil testing a reality for every farmer: The AgroCares Scanner.
With the AgroCares Scanner, it is now possible to test fresh soils directly in the field and subsequently get a complete soil report on your smartphone within a few
minutes. This report includes organic matter, pH, macronutrients (N, P, K) and CEC, as well as a tailored soil fertility recommendation for the farmers to reach a target yield. The presentation will be followed by a live demo of the Scanner. Bring your sample for a test on-the-spot!
The Louis Bolk Institute | The influence of management of farmers | Merel Hondebrink
The Louis Bolk Institute is a research institute of around 50 people that focuses on sustainable agriculture, nutrition and health. A lot of research is done about soil quality and ways to improve soil conditions. Due to the fact that people are getting more aware of climate change, agricultural soils are increasingly seen as part of a solution for climate change mitigation and adaptation. This topic is tightly linked to soil organic matter content and carbon percentages in soils. The amount of carbon sequestration is influenced by the management of the farmer. On the 15th of October, we will discuss the influence of management of farmers on carbon sequestration, discuss different possibilities to improve soil quality and the advantages for the farmer (e.g. higher soil fertility and better water holding capacity).
The NL-FSA & Royal Eijkelkamp │Farm development in Senegal│ Albert Knol
The NL–Food Security Alliance is a network of mainly Dutch based companies and institutions collaborating in creating exclusive, profitable and sustainable solutions for the agri-water-food business. The focus is to develop large, financially viable projects that are based on a business case to secure local food production. The NL-FSA is a Royal Eijkelkamp initiative.
Among other things, this presentation will discuss the Senegal project of the NL- FSA which focuses on the development of irrigation infrastructure and management methods to enable agrobusiness and associated value chain in the private and public sector.Girls take the mat in first ever New Mexico state wrestling tournament
LAS CRUCES - Angelita Altamirano went to her first wrestling practice as a sophomore straight from soccer practice with her acrylic finger nails still on and low expectations.
Altamirano's uncle, Robert Altamirano, the Oñate third-year coach, told his niece he would save a spot during tryouts, whether she showed up or not.
"I ended up really liking it and I was first in my first tournament in El Paso," Altamirano said. "It was the individual aspect of it. It wasn't like anything I had ever done before."
Altamirano's sophomore year was the first of two exhibition seasons for girls wrestling in New Mexico. She placed third in the state tournament that year and did not place last year.
But in the first year as a sanctioned sport in New Mexico, Altamirano is 19-1 and the No. 1 seed in the girls 100-pound weight class entering this weekend's state wrestling championships at the Santa Ana Star Center in Rio Rancho.
More:The big stage is set: here are wrestlers to watch at State Championships in Rio Rancho
"When you step on the mat, it shouldn't matter if you are male or female," Robert Altamirano said. "It's cool they are giving girls an opportunity to participate in the sport because it develops you for life."
Despite the success of her first tournament on the mat, wins were few and far between as there were limited opportunities to wrestle against other girls.
"That first year of getting my butt kicked really helped me learn more of a defensive style so I wouldn't get pinned," Altamirano said. "Now I still have a good defensive style, but offensively, I can do that too."
Altamirano is 19-1 as a senior with her lone loss coming to a Texas wrestler. She also won the El Paso Bowie tournament.
Altamirano and teammate Carlette Cruz make up the entirety of the OHS girls wrestling roster, but they both qualified for state after placing in the Top 4 of the southern sectional last weekend in Socorro.
Cruz is seeded No. 3 at 106 pounds. Las Cruces High's Heavynne Robles-Wright qualified at 113 pounds, Mayfield's Valeria Garcia Aguirre qualified at 126 pounds, Chaparral's Karla Garcia qualified at 132 pounds and Centennial junior Lauren Merigo qualified at 182 pounds.
"It's just total girl power now," she said. "When I first started, the boys wouldn't shake my hand but I feel like I have gained the respect of the other wrestlers."
Area Class 5A state qualifiers
106 pounds
Alejandro Andrade, Gadsden; Tim Archuleta, Las Cruces
113 pounds
Brendan Bryant, Oñate; Berto Zamora, Las Cruces
120 pounds
Avery Atma, Las Cruces; Tye Barker, Centennial
126 pounds
Matthew Campbell, Mayfield; Eric Fernandez, Las Cruces; Gabe Gomez, Oñate
132 pounds
Estevan Montoya, Centennial; Alejandro Santizo Las Cruces
138 pounds
Anthony Gonzalez, Gadsden; Elijah Ogas, Las Cruces; Jesus Valenzuela, Centennial
145 pounds
Ivan Escajeda, Gadsden; David Graves, Las Cruces
152 pounds
Ryan Baca, Las Cruces; Noah Stockdale, Oñate
160 pounds
Omar Chairez, Las Cruces; Tomas Herrera, Gadsden; Elijah Mssika, Oñate
170 pounds
Hever Arreola, Gadsden; Isaiah Carreon, Las Cruces
182 pounds
Matt Franco, Las Cruces; Elijah Ortiz, Mayfield
195 pounds
Jonathan Jimenez, Gadsden; Sal Ronquillo, Oñate
220 pounds
Israel Garcia, Centennial; Paul Lujan, Oñate; Aaron Orozco, Gadsden
285 pounds
Canaan Bower, Mayfield; Jarod Guerrero, Las Cruces; Wyatt Walters, CentennialGearhead News
In 1998, Porsche launched the 996 model, which was a big departure from the 911s previously manufactured. It was the first model with a brand-new chassis in many years, but more significantly, it was the first to switch from an air-cooled engine to a water-cooled version. Some consider the air-cooled era the golden years and seek out earlier 356 and 911 models, deeming them more valuable.
A year ago, a 1996 Porsche 911 GT2 sold for close to a million dollars at a Sotheby’s auction. It’s not surprising to see one-off rare Porsche sales in various places, but it’s exceptional to find a number of these air-cooled cars all in one place. At the Saratoga Automobile Museum in New York, an architect and frequent rally driver has lent 16 of his pre-1998 mint-condition Porsches for an exhibit they’re calling Rare Air and it will be on display through Labor Day.
.
Harris remembers when he was eight years old and his uncle took him for a ride in a 1958 Porsche 356.
“It was Ruby Red with a black interior, and I can still remember how it smelled,” Harris told me. “I spent the rest of my life obsessing over Porsches and driving them.”
While the cars in this collection are immaculate, Harris isn’t afraid to get out on the road and get dirty. He participates in road rallies on a regular basis, shoehorning them into his jam-packed schedule with his work and as a professor of architecture at Yale. This year, he scheduled four competitions, including the recent California Mille and the Ramshorn Rally, which is a 30-car event just for air-cooled Porsches from 1989 or earlier.
Harris was lucky enough to drive off to college in a 1967 Porsche 911 S in Aga Blue that he said he “hornswoggled” his father to let him borrow. After Harris finished grad school several years later, the 911 was returned to his father and he didn’t buy another Porsche for 20 years because he didn’t have that kind of money.
He made up for lost time, however, amassing models that he stashes in various places. Today, he mostly drives a new 992 Turbo S Cabriolet when he’s in California and a 991 Turbo S coupe with carbon fiber and winter tires in New York.
In the Rare Air collection, notables include a 1974 RS 3.0, a homologation car that is only one of 50.
“Mine is the only one in the color Licht Grun, which means light green in German,” Harris says. “It’s the color of a highlighter.”
The rarest is a 1984 SCRS; only 21 were made and 13 were converted to rally cars. Harris’ 1984 model is one of the remaining nine, which were never modified, and it has its original tires and wheels with fewer than 1000 miles on the odometer. Others in the collection are a 964 RS N-GT “Macau”, a “widow-maker” 993 GT2, and a host of speedsters, coupes, and cabriolets that are former Amelia Island Concours d’Elegance winners.
“You know there are people who are obsessed with certain cars and some are all about one particular kind of car?” Harris says. “I have no imagination; I love Porsches.”
For more information on the Rare Air exhibit, click here.
Got a tip? Send the writer a note: kristin.shaw@thedrive.comThis answer is also available in: हिन्दी
The history of Valentine’s Day–and the story of its patron saint–is not clear. In 313 A.D., Roman Emperor Constantine the Great legalized Christianity and in 380 A.D. Christianity became the official state religion of the Roman Empire. The Catholic Church may have decided to place St. Valentine’s feast day in the middle of February in an effort to “Christianize” the pagan celebration of Lupercalia. Celebrated on February 15, Lupercalia was a fertility festival dedicated to Faunus, the Roman god of agriculture, as well as to the Roman founders Romulus and Remus.
Some claim that Pope Glasius, named February 14 in honor of St. Valentine as the patron saint of lovers in 496 A.D. St. Valentine’s Day began as a liturgical celebration for one or more early Christian saints named Valentin His service,
BibleAsk Team
This answer is also available in: हिन्दीRALEIGH, N.C. –– A Chicago-bound tomorrow, charged with resisting arrest and interfering with the operations of a flight crew aboard United Airlines Flight 645, from Puerto Rico to Chicago.
The FBI filed a criminal complaint in U.S. District Court in Charlotte, North Carolina.
The complaint says the 45-year-old Castillo struck a flight attendant on the buttocks with the back of her hand during Saturday's flight.
Oddities
Odd news of the day
The complaint states she also stood and fell onto the head of a blind passenger and later started pulling the person's hair.
Ankle cuffs kept slipping off Castillo, so the flight crew and two passengers were forced to use duct tape to keep her in her seat.- Holiday
- Bar
- Baking
- Cookware & Bakeware
- Cooking Tools & Accessories
- Decor
- Cleaning
- Kitchen Linens
- Outdoor Dining
- Pantry
- Tea & Coffee
- Tabletop
- Food On-the-Go
- Gift Cards
$28.00
Sturdy, cast aluminum garlic press quickly and easily minces garlic with no need to peel the clove.
Lightweight ergonomic handle makes pressing easy. Generous size hopper accommodates large garlic cloves. Nonstick coating and integrated cleaning tool for swift and easy cleanup.
Zyliss 5 Year Manufacturer Guarantee
Dishwasher Safe, Hand Wash RecommendedThe culprit behind a massive Twitter hack on July 15 may have been caught, as a 17-year-old Florida male has been arrested and met with 30 felony charges by the FBI, who have accused him of being the “mastermind” behind the scheme.
UPDATE 1:45 PM PST – As reported by Fox Business, four individuals have been arrested for their involvement in the scheme, three of which are also teens. 19-year-old UK citizen Mason Sheppard was charged with “conspiracy to commit wire fraud, conspiracy to commit money laundering, and the intentional access of a protected computer” by the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of California, while 22-year-old Nima Fazeli was charged for aiding and abetting the intentional access of a protected computer.
Advertisement
The third member of the crew is reported to be a juvenile, whose name has not yet been released.
The morning of July 31, a 17-year-old based in Tampa Florida was placed under arrest by the US Secret Service, FBI, and IRS following a massive Twitter hack that compromised the accounts of numerous high-profile users.
Graham Clark has been met with 30 felony charges, including hacking, identity theft, organized fraud, and communications fraud — all in connection with the historic hack.
The hacker in question infiltrated the verified accounts of names like Tesla CEO Elon Musk, former US President Barack Obama, Amazon’s Jeff Bezos and even YouTube star Mr Beast, as well as companies like Uber and Apple.
Advertisement
That’s not all; each account posted the same message, asking users to send a $1,000 amount to their Bitcoin account with the promise of sending them back double the amount in a false show of charity.
The hackers managed to amass over $100,000 before the scheme was shut down — and now, it looks like the perpetrator has finally been caught.
While the hacker behind the scam is 17, he will be tried as an adult in Florida, which allows “greater flexibility to charge a minor as an adult” as a result of the financial fraud, as told by a press conference covering the arrest.
Advertisement
Cleverly calling the scam a ‘Bit-Con,’ Hillsborough State Attorney Andrew Warren said the hack “was designed to steal money from regular Americans all over the country, including right here in Florida. This massive fraud was orchestrated right here in our backyard, and we will not stand for that.”
As for how the hacker managed to pull off the jaw-dropping plot, Twitter claimed that they duped employees at the company into handing over administrative login credentials via phone.
Stay tuned to Dexerto for more on this breaking story.What is the correct spelling for DEPLAYS?
This word (Deplays) may be misspelled. Below you can find the suggested words which we believe are the correct spellings for what you were searching for. If you click on the links, you can find more information about these words.
Correct spellings for DEPLAYS
- deplane
- deploy
- Delays Sergeant Cameron was driving the spring-cart, toward sundown, after a variety of unforeseen delays.
- Plays This came from the press of Thomas Walkley, who had issued the first edition of Aglaura and the later plays of the same writer.
- displays We should use poetry like a rich jewel, the owner of which does not wear it every day, or show it to all people, but displays it only at suitable times.
- deploys
- dewlaps
- replays
- deplanes
185 words made from the letters DEPLAYS
3 letter words made from DEPLAYS:ade, adp, ale, alp, als, ape, asl, asp, dal, das, day, des, dle, dye, dys, edp, eld, epa, lad, lap, lay, lea, led, ley, lsd, lye, pad, pal, pas, pay, pdl, pea, pel, pes, ply, psa, pya, sad, sap, say, sea, sep, sle, sly, spa, spy, yap, yea, yes.
4 letter words made from DEPLAYS:adps, aldy, alep, alps, apse, ayed, dale, days, deal, dlya, dyal, dyle, eady, ealy, easy, eday, elya, esla, espy, eyad, eyas, lade, lads, lady, lape, laye, lays, lead, leap, leda, leys, lyde, pads, paey, pale, pals, paye, pays, peal, peay, play, plea, pyes, sade, sady, sale, salp, sayd, seal, seay, seya, slap, slay, sled, slye, spay, spdy, spey, syda, sype, yale, yeap, yeas, yeda, yeld, yelp, yeps, ypsl.
5 letter words made from DEPLAYS:alpes, apley, apsed, aspel, aspey, ayelp, ayles, aysel, dales, dasey, dayes, deals, dealy, deasy, delap, delas, delay, delpy, lades, lapse, layed, leads, leaps, lepas, lyase, lysed, padle, pales, palsy, payed, paysd, peals, peasy, pedal, pelas, peyal, playe, plead, pleas, plesa, pylea, pyles, sadly, salpe, sayed, sayel, sayle, sealy, selya, sepad, sepal, slyde, spade, spady, spayd, spead, speal, spela, speld, splay, spyal, syped, yadel, yales, yaple, yeads, yelda, yelps.“Take a deep breath.”
“Just stay moving.”
“Two more breaths, then get back to work.”
How often have you been in the middle of a workout and your trainer or workout partner says one of the above statements to you?
We often overlook how important our breathing is, not only during the course of a workout, but every minute of our lives.
A solid training, nutrition, and recovery regimen are the major building blocks for success in your health and fitness. However, we breathe and think far more often than we train, eat, and sleep, so it is vital to create some awareness around our breathing and thinking patterns. This can be done through a simple process that a friend/fellow coach calls The Rule of 3’s.
The Rule of 3’s helps us identify which aspects of our health have the biggest impact. By keeping this simple rule in mind, we learn how to prioritize our time and attention, and get the most out of our effort. The Rule of 3’s says we can spend…
- 3 Decades without Movement (It’s not recommended, but we see this all the time)
- 3 Weeks without Food
- 3 Days without Water or Sleep
- 3 Minutes without Breath
- 3 Seconds without Thought
The key takeaway is the less time we can spend without it, the more important it is to our overall health. If time or resources are limited, start from the bottom and work your way up. Look for practices that make you come alive when you do them.
Spend a few minutes each day in silence observing which thoughts come to mind, then let them go. Focus on nasal breathing in and out of your belly. Drink plenty of fresh water and make good quality sleep a priority. Eat healthy and delicious whole foods. And have a fun movement or exercise practice that energizes you daily. Get curious about what practices work for you, and have fun!
If you are interested in learning more about the benefits of a regular breathing practice, or want some help creating a system of daily habits that will keep you energized, please reach out to us!The, mainly about the interpretation of the Community Regulation. Concerning these issues, the tax authority has published two leaflets, the main points of which are described in this article (Proof of delivery of a product to another Member State for intra-Community supplies from 2020; Conditions for exemption from intra-Community supplies – the latter establishing the obligation to have EU vat number).
Visit our excellent solution.
Issues related to tax exemption
According to the law, the conditions for the tax-free sales in the Community are as follows:
(1) The product shall be certified as having been shipped to another Member State and shall have been transported by the seller, the buyer or on their behalf.
(2) The goods shall be sold to another person, acting as a taxable person or a non-taxable legal person in a Member State other than that of the dispatch or the departure place of the transport, and the taxable person or non-taxable legal person to whom the sales is supplied shall have a VAT identification number in a Member State other than that of dispatch or departure place of the transport of the goods and communicated this VAT identification number to the seller.
(3) The vendor of the product shall correctly submit his recapitulative statement (“the exemption shall not apply if the taxable person to whom the tax is payable … has failed to fulfill his obligation to submit the recapitulative statement or has done so incorrectly or incompletely”).
In connection with the above, the leaflet sets out two principles (which are more permissive than the first reading of the Directive and Act CXXVII of 2007 on Value Added Tax [VAT Act]).
The first provision relates to the customer’s EU vat number:
“In the absence of the tax identification number of the buyer in other Member States, or in the absence of the communication thereof, the exemption shall not apply. But provided that the tax identification number is subsequently communicated by the buyer (even after the transaction, and tax number was valid at the time the tax became chargeable) and all other conditions for the tax exemption are met, then the seller may apply for the tax-free treatment of the transaction, subject to any necessary adjustments.”
It is worth pointing out that if the customer’s tax identification number in another Member State is only disclosed to the seller ex post, the transaction can be treated as a tax exemption retroactively, subject to the other conditions for exemption.
Most issues – the new condition in the legislation – were raised by the recapitulative statement as a condition for exemption. The tax office leaflet suggests:
“If the taxable person discovers, before commencing the audit, that the recapitulative statement has not been submitted or is incomplete or incorrect, he may rectify it without further justification.”
The lodging of a summary declaration according to Article 4/A of the VAT Act point I of Annex I is a prerequisite for the treatment of an intra-Community supply of a product as exempt. Where the tax authority finds during an audit that the recapitulative statement has not been submitted or has been incorrectly submitted, it shall provide the taxable person with an opportunity to rectify it, provided that the taxable person certifies that the mistake happened in good faith. If, however, the taxpayer themselves notice the error or deficiency prior to the commencement of the inspection, they may rectify it without further justification.
Proof of delivery of the product
Council Implementing Regulation (CIR) 2018/1912 of 4 December 2018 amending Implementing Regulation (EU) No 282/2011 as regards to certain tax exemptions for intra-Community transactions shall be directly effective and applicable in all Member States from 1 January 2020. This decree was also interpreted by the tax office in a leaflet (Proof of delivery of the product to another Member State in the case of intra-Community supplies from 2020). Three points are worth highlighting:
The first and most interesting question when interpreting the Regulation is the interpretation of the presumption. The Regulation stipulates that if a particular taxable person holds certain documents, he shall be deemed to have dispatched the product: that is to say, they are entitled to a presumption in relation to the dispatch. However, it is not clear how, in practice, the tax office will assess it if the taxpayer does not have all the documents (which are often very difficult to obtain). That is, how does the tax authority act if the taxable person is not protected by the presumption in the Regulation? The prospectus answers this question as follows:
“… If the taxable person supplying the goods is subject to the provisions of Section 45a of CIR and the other conditions for exemption set out in Article 89 of the VAT Act, they may handle the transaction exempt and use these documents to justify the exemption above in the proceedings at the tax office. Thus, if, for example, a taxable person presents documents under the CIR during an inspection, the tax authority may not require additional proof of delivery from the seller unless they are rebutted by the tax office. For example, if the tax authority proves that, contrary to the evidence in the documents, the product has not yet been shipped to another Member State, the presumption is rebutted. In the event the tax office proves that the documents presented do not comply with the requirements of the CIR (eg, they were not issued by an independent party), this means that they do not meet the requirement of Section 45a of the CIR and the presumption of delivery itself is not met. However, in the latter case, the seller shall have other means of proof that the delivery has been completed. ”
If the taxable person presents documents under the CIR, the tax authority may not require the taxable person to provide further evidence to justify the delivery (unless the presumption is rebutted). However, if the presumption is rebutted, the taxpayer may still justify the delivery with other credible evidence as per the article 45a of CIR, or, failing these, any other document evidencing the fact of the delivery.
If the presumption does not materialize, the question arises as to what kind of certificate can be accepted. As regards proof of delivery, the leaflet states:
“However, it is important to underline that the absence of a taxable person’s certification under the CIR does not automatically mean that the delivery of the product is not justified and thus cannot be exempt. Taxpayers will continue to have the possibility, aside from the provisions of the CIR, to prove that the product has been dispatched or transported to another Member State. The latter shall continue to be guided by the tax office leaflet dated 19 June 2013 on how to verify the shipment of the Product to another Member State in the case of intra-Community sales. ”
According to the prospectus, in the absence of the certificates provided for in the new article of the CIR, dispatch may also be justified according to the tax office leaflet previously disclosed on this subject, provided the content and purpose of such other certificates clearly show the fact of shipment to another Member State. It is worth noting that with the above, the prospectus broadens the way of certification, stating that it is not obligatory to apply the regulation (otherwise directly applicable), since the tax office also accepts other documents to prove the delivery.
Another interesting issue was the interpretation of the concept of ‘independent party’, since under the Regulation certificates of delivery can be issued by two parties, independent of the seller and the buyer.
“The CIR does not specify who is to be understood as independent parties for the purposes of this Article. Therefore, to define independent parties, the provisions of Section 259 (13) of the VAT Act shall be applicable, meaning an independent party shall mean a party who is not related to the purchaser or vendor under Section 259 (13) of the VAT Act. ”
Therefore, Section 259 (13) of the VAT Act applies, and according to this – inter alia – related companies are not independent parties. Based on these, for the CIR 45a., a document from related parties cannot be used as evidence if the taxable person wishes to set up a presumption set out in the regulation.It all started with a coastal chart of Casco Bay in Maine, USA. Greg Benoit had created the engraved wooden panel as a gift for the family camp, and so many people commented on the classic aesthetic and modern design that he decided to make some more. Now, Benoit's Design Co. offers our classic coastal chart for locations around the globe.Car Park - Alongside church
Contact - Mr R Le Poidevin on 263062 or preachers will be contacted
Readers - Yes
Leaders of Prayers - Yes
Hymn/Song Books - The Methodist Hymn Book/Songs of Fellowship and Hymns & Psalms
Service Books - The Book of Offices/The Methodist Service Book
Resources - Hearing loop, computer and screen projection
Refreshments - After the serviceNovember is the month of remembrance in the Catholic Church, according to Director of Music and Coordinator of Liturgy Billy Mattison.
Early in the month, Church of the Ascension members celebrated saints and souls. Their prayers enable the souls to get to the next level from Purgatory, Mattison explained.
“One of our parishioners donated a special prayer bowl to the church,” Mattison said. “Members can place names of people who have passed in the bowl so they will be included in prayers.”
Members also say special prayers for the dead throughout the month of November.
Another celebratory gift for the church is a thanksgiving tree. Parishioners will be given a leaf to write the things they are grateful for and hang the leaf on the tree.
“There are so many things for us to be thankful for,” Mattison said. “The tree gives us a tangible way to express thanks.”
Mattison said he will write his thanks for “the gift of Fountain Hills. It’s beauty, I get to make my music and live in this wonderful community.”
A Thanksgiving Day mass is set for tomorrow, Thursday, Nov. 25, at 8 a.m. The church is located at 12615 N. Fountain Hills Blvd.Clinical Management of Patients with Viral Haemorrhagic Fever Edition 2
A Pocket Guide for Front-line Health Workers. Interim Emergency Guidance for Country Adaption
- Publisher
World Health Organization
- Published
21st June 2016
- ISBN 9789241549608
- Language English
- Pages 203 pp.
- Size 4" x 8.5"
This is the second, updated version of the WHO's Clinical Management of Patients with Viral Haemorrhagic Fever: A Pocket Guide for Front-line Health Workers. Interim Emergency Guidance for Country Adaption, first published in March 2014.
This pocket guide provides clear guidance on current best practices for viral haemorrhagic fever (VHF), including both clinical management and infection prevention and control. Throughout, guidance is provided for the front-line health worker, focusing on triage and case definition, early and ongoing case management, infection control and subsequent hospital discharge. Recommendations come predominantly from published VHF guidelines (primarily consensus-based), and also are draw from algorithms for diarrhoreal diseases, sepsis and vaginal bleeding management from the WHO Integrated Management of Adolescent and Adult Illness (IMAI) and Childhood Illness (IMCI) guidelines and other current WHO normative guidelines. The rationale for including the management of GI loss from diarrhoreal disease and vomiting and the sepsis algorithms is that many patients in the West African Ebola epidemic have had severe diarrhorea and vomiting with dehydration and shock; others have this combined with severe sepsis or clinical pictures consistent with suspected pathophysiology and final common pathway of severe sepsis, with manifestations of increased vascular permeability, vasodilatation, multiple organ failure and shock. In addition, this book provides guidance on infection prevention and control to minimize nosocomial transmission and on the common clinical manifestations of VHF to help the front-line health worker increase his or her level of suspicion for VHF, particularly before an epidemic is recognized in the community. Separate notes have been added on the care of children and pregnant women.
Importantly, this document does not cover how to create a VHF treatment unit (that is, an isolation ward), and it also does not address community interventions to control transmission or respond to disease outbreaks. It is hoped that this manual will be complement such guidance and will strengthen the overall response to VHF outbreaks in Africa, contributing to the Integrated Disease Surveillance and Response activities necessary for compliance with international health regulations.
Although these guidelines concentrate on Ebola Virus Disease (EVD), referred to throughout. Country adaptation should address which VHFs are included in this pocket guide.IDPA Classifier & Two Stage Match
May 5, 2019 –
This is notification that Sunday, May 5th starting at 4:30PM, we will hold an IDPA Classifier as well as an abbreviated two stage IDPA Match, at the NOAAWIVA SPORTSMANS CLUB. Classifier & Match cost is $5 combined. Advise bringing plenty of ammo and a concealment garment.Metals Ira
Goldco Is Ranked # 1 away from All Gold IRA Firms
Goldco is actually the greatest gold individual retirement account investment company out there. The costs are actually fair, as well as the surveillance is actually incomparable. The provider takes a very personable strategy to its own clients while also guaranteeing faster and less complicated profile control with incomparable professionalism.
There is actually a wide range of pliable profile possibilities, and also the account holder has specific control over each aspect. It is actually perfect for superior development and profits, as you will certainly observe in our Goldco review.
Godco Pros & Cons
Perks
– A long past history of experience (15 years and also checking).
– A+ Bbb ranking (as well as very high ratings all).
– Specializes in rare-earth element Individual retirement accounts.
– Focuses on customer experience.
– Wonderful worth for cost.
Downsides
– Lowest demanded purchase of $25,000.
All-time Low Line – Do We Highly recommend Goldco?
Goldco is among the only client-focused gold investment firm. It puts the clients’ passions first and offers education on all concerns just before one invests. It also process a client-centered style that allows better specific command over funds as well as accounts.
Metals Ira
Goldco offers a number of storage space alternatives, excellent IRS-approved rare-earth element items, and complete transparency of all costs prior to any kind of contracts are actually signed. They are a trusted firm along with a lengthy record of helping make clients satisfied.
Most of us recognize the stock market possesses its ups and downs. When economic crises hit, individuals usually tend to worry. Stocks, bonds, mutual funds, as well as various other intangible assets can easily transform dramatically in market value. Physical gold or metals are actually a great deal less unstable and also likely to change in worth. Generally, the worth of gold merely ever rises. It’s an excellent assets to aid cancel individual retirement account.
“Goldco is in my opinion on of the best gold IRA investment company available. The costs are actually reasonable, and also the surveillance is unrivaled.”
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER – Famous Gold Entrepreneur
GoldCo Rates Information.
There are actually a number of charges for Goldco account owners, each single and yearly. Do not panic; they’re pretty economical. In addition, there are perks for those who put in a lot.
The one-time costs consist of a $fifty IRA create charge and also a $30 cord fee. The annual expenses feature an $80 upkeep cost and a $one hundred-$ 150 storing charge, depending upon if you opt for non-segregated or set apart storage space.
There are 3 storage options: DDSC non-segregated storage space for $100, Brinks Sodium Pond City non-segregated storage space for $one hundred, as well as IDS Texas set apart storage for $150.
Having said that, if you make an initial assets of $50,000 or more, the expenses are going to be waived for the very first year. There is also a 5% back in free metals.
Goldco Minimum Investments and also
Prices
To establish a profile along with Goldco you have to give the minimum financial investment of $25,000 for Individual retirement accounts or even $3,500 for non-IRAs. It is actually a significant amount to place in right at the beginning, yet it is well worth it. Incorporating a massive first remittance to your individual retirement account are going to protect as well as protect your retirement plan.
As far as expenses as well as costs are actually concerned, there is actually very little to stress over along with Goldco. The one-time expenses prove out, and the annuals expenses are actually even more thus. Depending on the custodian and also storing choices you make a decision to select, the rates will certainly differ, yet commonly talking, they are actually certainly not too high.
The much larger your initial expenditure, the more benefits you will acquire. If the amount mores than $50,000, you will definitely not must pay for costs for the first year, and you will certainly be actually provided a 5% back in precious metals that you can easily add to your individual retirement account. This bargain is exceptional as it is going to very actually offer you totally free money.
Metals Ira
Goldco Client Customer Reviews
Goldco is premier through customers. They rarely possess complaints and have possessed none in the last 3 years. The Better Business Bureau ranks them an A+, and also Individual Matters provides almost five stars. Regardless of where you look, client and also service assessments are practically all ideal.
Goldco Independent 3rd Celebration
Customer Evaluations
There is actually basically nothing bad to be located in any sort of Goldco customer review. Clients regularly come away felt free to with their adventure. Goldco respects what individuals consider all of them, and it presents. They placed a great deal of attempt into keeping the business customer collaboration. They settled the few grievances that have ever surfaced previously rapidly.
It is nearly difficult to get a group of individuals to agree on one thing, but when it pertains to Goldco, very most offer it a fine rating. That is actually pretty outstanding.
Some commonalities in between factors folks comment on in their testimonials are the decent costs, the pleasant and also beneficial staff, swift as well as expert control, and also the convenience along with which paperwork and deals look at. That’s a package that’s difficult to follow through nowadays.
Gold Guide Score: 9.8/ 10
AUGUSTA PRECIOUS METALS
Pros:
• Along with using Silver and gold Individual Retirement Accounts, Augusta Metals additionally supplies coins and bars for sale for individual financial investments.
• Freight and insurance coverage are consisted of free of charge with all acquisitions.
• Augusta Valuable Metals is highly rated and also well-trusted.
Disadvantages
• The complete checklist of IRA-eligible silver and gold pieces isn’t noted on the internet site.
What is actually Augusta Valuable Metals?
August Valuable Metals is actually a gold investment firm that may help individuals diversify their expenditure collection by incorporating silver and gold. They offer silver as well as gold pieces and bullion as well as can easily likewise assist people set up new Precious Metals IRAs or rollover an existing pension into a Silver or gold Individual Retirement Account.
Have you determined it is lastly opportunity to diversify your collection by acquiring gold and silvers? Or, probably you’ve been actually hearing some benefits about buying gold and silver, but may not be rather certain if it is the best financial move for you. Whether you’re ready to make a move, or even only aiming to learn a little bit a lot more regarding investing in metals, you’ll intend to visit Augusta Precious Metals.
Augusta Priceless Metals is a gold investment company that aids individuals obtain silver and gold for personal expenditures as well as setting up Gold or Silver Individual retirement accounts for retirement. If you’re thinking about whether Augusta Priceless Metals is the very best gold investment firm to select away from the several alternatives around, take a few mins to review our customer review. Our team’ll share more concerning the provider, the companies they provide, as well as some pros and cons associated with picking Augusta Priceless Metals over a few other gold investment firm.
Augusta Valuable Metals is actually dedicated to supply first-rate client service to their customers. Each participant of the team is experienced, expert, and all set to deliver support as well as advice to individuals looking to invest in gold and silvers. The firm’s site discussed their top three commitments to their consumers: being completely straightforward with costs as well as charges, simplifying the procedure as well as carrying out 95% of the legwork for consumers, as well as helping each specific personalize their profile to meet their personal needs.
Augusta Precious Metals has an A+ rating from the Bbb, the greatest ranking possible from TrustLink, 4.8 away from 5 celebrities coming from Google.com customer reviews, 4,8 away from 5 celebrities coming from Facebook customer reviews, and also an AAA score coming from business Buyer Alliance. These assessments from extremely happy consumers ought to entice individuals who blow hot and cold concerning using Augusta Precious Metals that they are actually a highly-trusted and also respectable business.
Silver And Gold Individual Retirement Accounts.
One of the primary solutions Augusta Rare-earth elements gives is aiding individuals established a brand-new Silver or gold individual retirement account or even roll-over an existing pension into a Silver or gold IRA. Acquiring gold and silver can help expand your collection and also shield you against the volatility of the securities market. Buying precious metals also allows you to hedge versus rising cost of living if the worth of the buck reduces.
Gold and silver have actually been actually highly-sough after for years and also there is actually no indication that that is actually mosting likely to modify. Liquidating these gold and silvers is also quick and also quick and easy, which is actually certainly not so with various other kinds of financial investment, like real estate. Gold and Silver IRAs are actually a form of self-directed IRAs and also provide the exact same tax benefits of various other retirement life investment profiles.
Establishing a Silver Or Gold IRA with Augusta Priceless Metals is straightforward. They’ve efficient the process, so it will not take much of your time to acquire whatever put together and receive a number of your cash invested in gold and silvers.
The very first step is to team up with one of Augusta Precious Metals self-reliant individual retirement account custodians to establish your new IRA. You’ll then money you account, either along with individual money or even along with the funds from an existing pension. As soon as the account is moneyed, you may incorporate several of the various IRA-eligible gold and silver coins given by Augusta Precious Metals to your profile.
If you aren’t certain whether your existing pension is eligible for a carry over, call a member of the group at Augusta Rare-earth elements, as well as they can collaborate with you to calculate if it is actually eligible. Augusta Valuable Metals vetted several Gold and Silver individual retirement account manager providers and picked merely the most effective to work with their clients. The on call custodians include: Equity Leave, GoldStar Trust Company, as well as Empire Trust fund. When you team up with any of these protectors, a member of the Augusta Metals will certainly work alongside you as a contact.
Transporting and also Insurance.
Shipping as well as insurance coverage are consisted of for free along with all buy from Augusta Precious Metals. If you’re purchasing silver or gold for an IRA, they will certainly be actually firmly delivered to the IRS-approved depository you picked where they will additionally be actually completely guaranteed. If you safewill just be insured until you sign for all of them, and after that you will desire to look after locating safe and secure storage as well as purchasing new insurance policy.
All deliveries coming from Augusta Precious Metals are inconspicuously packaged to additional defend your assets. Most purchases ship within 7 to 10 company days after the purchase is actually complete. As soon as the purchase is actually transported, you are going to receive an e-mail with tracking info.
Functions.
1. They can easily help you establish a brand new Metals IRA or even carry over an existing pension into a Priceless Metals Individual Retirement Account.
2. Buying silver or gold with Augusta Metals can easily expand your profile and deal monetary protection.
3. Augusta Precious Metals possesses efficient the procedure for setting up an individual retirement account so it fasts as well as easy.
4. Participants of the staff are on call if you have inquiries or need to have aid obtaining your IRA put together.
5. Besides establishing a Valuable Metals IRA, Augusta Rare-earth elements additionally delivers gold and silver available for private expenditures.
6. There is actually a big selection of IRA-approved pieces as well as various other silver and gold bullion as well as premium coins readily available for purchase.
7. IRA gold and silver coins are actually stashed in a safe IRS-approved establishment.
8. If you make a personal assets, you reside in command with where you intend to save your coins.
9. The website offers a myriad of resources, devices, as well as info to help people find out more concerning putting together a Silver or gold IRA as well as investing in gold and silvers.
10. They are extremely extremely rated along with Google.com, TrustLink, the Better Business Bureau, as well as a lot of various other resources.
Last Verdict.
If you prepare to expand your financial investments through acquiring gold and silver, either through a Valuable Metals individual retirement account or even an individual investment, Augusta Rare-earth elements may assist. Their web site is logical as well as their staff member are very proficient and also receptive to help you obtain all the relevant information as well as answers you need just before transmitting funds and also acquiring silver or gold. See their site today to get going!
1. What Is Actually A Gold IRA Rollover?
A Gold IRA Rollover is actually when you relocate a pension to a Self-Directed IRA holding physical metals at an internal revenue service authorized depository for its owner.
2. Background Of Gold IRAs.
Individual retirement accounts were first introduced in 1974 when Congress passed the Worker Retirement Income Security Act. It wasn’t up until the Citizen Alleviation Action of 1997 was passed that individuals were actually permitted to hold certain precious metallics, such as gold, silver, platinum and palladium in their retirement profiles.
Metals Ira
3. What Types Of Retirement Funds Get Approved For A Gold IRA Carry Over?
Individual retirement accounts.
You can easily transmit any type of existing Typical individual retirement account, Roth IRA, SEP INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT, Easy Individual Retirement Account or Personal Directed individual retirement account to a gold individual retirement account.
401( k) s.
If you have an inactive 401( k), meaning you no longer work with the business that produced it, you can perform a gold individual retirement account rollover. If you end 59.5 years old as well as have a current 401( k) via an existing company, you might be actually entitled for an “in-service” distribution, allowing you to accomplish a predisposed gold individual retirement account roll-over.
403( b) s.
A 403( b) planning is actually a pension gave to employees of open institutions and tax excused institutions. You can easily accomplish a carry over with a 403( b) plan after you have ended employment. And sometimes, you can do a partial gold individual retirement account transfer after you’ve switched 59.5 by means of an “in-service” distribution.
457( b) s.
A 457( b) plan is actually a pension supplied to state and town government employees, including law enforcement officers, firefighters as well as various other civil servants. A gold individual retirement account rollover is just permitted with 457( b) prepares when job is cancelled or even in some cases at 70.5 years old if still working.
TSPs.
Thrift Cost savings Programs are government-sponsored pension for Federal workers, like civil servants and also military. You can easily perform a gold IRA rollover along with a TSP planning the moment job is actually terminated. And also in many cases, you manage to do a predisposed gold individual retirement account carry over by means of an “in-service” distribution if you have actually gotten to 59.5 years old.
4. Just how Do I Transactions My Present Pension to Precious Metals.
If you want to relocate your existing pension, you need to initially create a Personal Directed IRA along with a custodian that allows you to hold bodily precious metals. Your selected gold supplier is likely to become allowed along with several protectors for you to pick from. Many metallics suppliers will certainly also assist you to accomplish the documents to make certain a soft transmission.
Moving Coming From A Standard, Roth Or SEP INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT.
If you are actually moving funds from your existing IRA to a brand new Personal Directed profile, you’ll simply finish a transfer demand form with your brand-new request. Your move request form includes your existing IRA’s basic information, like the present custodian, your title, account variety, and the volume you are actually transmitting.
Moving funds between IRAs are actually looked at a straight transactions considering that you never take possession of their funds.
A straight transmission commonly takes between 10 as well as 2 week. You can easily quicken the procedure if your existing manager accepts faxed transactions demand records and if they’ll deliver your funds through wire rather than check.
Roll-over Coming From A 401( k), 403( b), 457( b) Or tablespoon.
If you’re relocating funds coming from a 401( k), 403( b), 457( b) or tablespoon account to a new Personal Directed precious metals individual retirement account, it is actually phoned a roll-over. A carry over is actually allowed when you transform jobs or have actually resigned. If you are over 59.5 years of age and still hired with the business that developed your 401( k), you may qualify for an in-service circulation. An in-service distribution would certainly permit you to accomplish a predisposed roll-over, therefore consult with your strategy administrator to affirm if you qualify.
There are two distinctive kinds of rollovers, direct and also secondary.
Secondary roll-overs often tend to become even more challenging. With a secondary roll-over, your existing 401( k) service provider delivers you a check for the profits that you deposit in to your private financial account. You at that point possess 60 days to re-deposit those funds right into your new IRA. Breakdown to reinstate the monies in to an IRS-approved planning within the allotted 60 times creates a taxed activity and if you are under 59.5 years of age, you will definitely likewise incur a 10% penalty.
A direct move in between managers is less complex. Along with a straight transmission, your 401( k) company will certainly give out an examination owed to your brand-new manager. They will definitely after that send by mail the check to you to ahead or they are going to send it directly to the manager on your behalf.
The majority of 401( k) suppliers can launch your gold IRA rollover verbally over the phone. Government-sponsored pension require you to accomplish their own inner roll-over records. The comprehensive carry over procedure can take between 2 and also 6 weeks.
Take note: The IRS only enables one roll-over (every profile) in the course of 1 year. You are permitted unrestricted protector to protector transmissions.
5. Recognizing Taxes and Called For Lowest Circulations (RMDs).
When you move your existing individual retirement account to your brand new self-directed account, it is certainly not a taxed occasion considering that you are moving funds in between trained, tax-deferred plans. The exact same guidelines are applicable if you carry out a roll-over from a 401( k), 403( b), 457( b), or tablespoon.
Just how Do I Take Required Minimum Required Distributions Coming From My Brand-new Account?
An RMD is actually the minimum amount you should withdraw annually when you have actually met 72. The previous limit was actually 70.5 yet is currently 72 due to modifications performed in the Preparing Every Area Up for Retired Life Enhancement (SECURE) Process.
All retirement accounts apart from Roths go through RMDs.
The protector determines RMDs through dividing the previous year’s account balance on December 31st through a distribution duration from the internal revenue service’s “Outfit Lifetime Table.” As soon as you are actually 72 years old, your manager is going to provide you with the lowest quantity you must remove each year.
In addition to a cash RMD, you have the alternative to take an “in-kind” distribution, whereas the depository will definitely transport your metals to your property.
When you seek a money circulation, most custodians will certainly send ACH payments totally free as well as on any sort of timeline you choose. Please, consult your tax obligation expert to determine the tax obligations related to your RMD.
6. Picking Your New Manager.
Specific types of physical gold, silver, platinum eagle and also palladium are actually officially permitted in an IRA, not all custodians deliver this company. Below is actually a checklist of “12 Popular Self Directed Custodians” that provide bodily rare-earth elements profiles. The custodians noted either demand a level charge or even a gliding range based upon account worth. Commonly, flat cost constructs are extra cost-efficient.Editor’s Note: From Theory to Practice
Our Executive Director Cameron Shaw introduces our final thematic series before our close on November 30, exploring the ideas and methods that have been important to Pelican Bomb’s development.
Ryn Wilson, Velvet Curtain, 2018. Archival inkjet print. Courtesy the artist.
Recently I was asked to speak to a room of grantmakers about the importance of arts criticism. For those who have followed Pelican Bomb’s work, you may have heard me say that criticism is core to the infrastructure of an arts community. Just as artists need places to exhibit their art and people to fund it, they need writers and thinkers in dialogue with that work to promote it and propel it forward. A critic’s job is to situate a work in its political, social, or art historical context. For the artist, that context can shed new light on areas that might warrant clarification or further exploration. For the reader, this may very well be the first place they even learn of an artwork and the only way they’ll experience it. If the reader is indeed in a position to view the work, a critic can offer an entry point for understanding before or after that encounter. But I think criticism does something more.
Criticism is an act of translation. The critic is in dialogue with the artist and the reader and helps them both reach a deeper dialogue with one another. Criticism translates the lived experience of viewing an artwork to lived experiences in the world at large and vice versa. And what grows when we see ourselves in the lived experiences of others? Empathy. At its best, criticism also teaches critical thinking skills. Whether as artist, critic, or reader, when we participate in this triangulation, in this act of translation and connection, we exercise our critical thinking muscles, those muscles we so desperately need to be an informed and questioning public that is better equipped for all forms of civic participation. Criticism has been central to Pelican Bomb’s work, most evidently in the Art Review, where we’ve published reviews, interviews, essays, digital artist projects, and thematic series focusing on contemporary art and visual culture. But this desire for dialogue, for connecting art, ideas, and people, has informed all of our initiatives—from our Community Supported Art program and nearly a dozen exhibitions and public projects to the recent ASAP/10 conference, co-hosted with the New Orleans Center for the Gulf South.
In an effort to pull back the curtain and share a behind-the-scenes perspective, we’re turning over the Art Review before our close on November 30 to reflect on the ideas and methods that have been important to Pelican Bomb’s genesis, growth, and sunset. Over the next few weeks, we’ll publish essays and interviews exploring the strengths and limitations of regional arts publications, recent changes in the New Orleans’ art world, and the future of critical conversation about art in our city. We’ll also look at the ways archiving and mentorship have informed our decision-making and evolution. These things have been incredibly meaningful to our development as an organization and we hope this series will prompt further discussion in our community and elsewhere about sustainability, defining success, turning ideas into practice, and the value of arts workers. On Facebook and Twitter, we’re also looking back at highlights from the Art Review, including reviews of important exhibitions, art historical essays, and interviews with artists who have changed the ways we think about our work and the world around us.
Thank you again for all your support, and for coming with us on this journey over the last eight years.So I've been using this bad boy and I love it! Only one thing. Every time I connect it to my computer and mount it my windows 7 PC wont pick it up....I even installed the android sdk for the drivers and it still wont work. Any suggestions?
Sent from my Nexus One using TapatalkBetter By Every Measure
LAND SURVEYING
CONSTRUCTION
ENGINEERING
STRUCTURAL
MINING
3D LASER SCANNING
Since 2007 Denada Surveys have guided spatial information transfer from the design office to the ground across the country. We have successfully delivered approximately 500,000 hours of geospatial tasks for 10 years and continues to strengthen and improve the processes involved..
Why Choose Denada?
We provide our clients with a fast and flexible turnaround of work, by utilising the latest technology, backed by the experience and management of industry professionals. Denada Surveys has one of largest teams of Licensed Surveyors in the country.
Highly professional staff.
On Time and on Budget.
Vision for the business.
Real value to a community.
Keeping you out of trouble.
Discover More
With you for the long haul.
OUR VISION
To be an industry leading survey company with desired clients and outstanding people.
0
Employees
0
Years Company History
0
Australian Wide Locations
View OurRecent Projects
Don’t let your project evolve according to the pace of others. Contact us to discover how we can help with the implementation and progression of your development.
Frequently Asked Questions
What are the different types of surveys?
Cadastral surveys can be categorised into one of the following: Green Titles, Survey Strata’s and Built Strata’s.
What deliverable can you provide us?
Detailed plans in pdf formats or hardcopies, comprehensive visualised data reports, maps, charts and CAD files in many forms. Just send us an email for what you want and we’ll advise on the best solution available.
Price
As no two jobs are the same, please drop us a line and we’ll compile you a personalised quotation to suit your specific project.Blog Archives
Shout out~
Posted by Amy Jane Sandberg
Hello all you wonderful people out there! How you doing? I’m sorry I have been taking a Hiatus from here and Facebook. Which pretty much has been for the past couple months. I’m not officially back yet, but I felt like I should give you all an update. I went to #Authorplusa2017 last month with some amazing Authors! I’m still in happy daze because of it. I met The event coordinator and Author David Michael before the event took. I took a six hour ride with him to the hotel. I met his wonderful grandmother and her friend as well. He is an awesome guy all around. A Total gentleman. Then I met the author Sherry Ficklin in the hall before the event. Also she’s a totally awesome person. We spent a few days beforehand hanging out grabbing dinner and drinks. With her author friend Kathy-Lynn Cross and my editor Sara Tassill– More awesome people! I shared a table with authors Anjiu Sutomu and C.J. Foxx and his sister. Who was funny smart considerate. There were multiple genres at this event. I even had the pleasure to see my Big brother Curtis, and my longstanding buddy Mikey Lee! Yay! I met so many new people. Like the awesome Scott Hildreth, who writes in multiple genres. He has an amazing kids book “The Flying Pig” An inspirational story about a pig that wanted to fly. I met his lovely wife who is also an Author and Artist Jessica Hildreth Designs.
It was definitely a good experience. I have no idea what book event I will be going to next. There are so many I would love to go to. Yet so little time and money to do so at the moment. I promise to let you guys know if I plan to go to another book event in the future. I love you so much! God bless you today and always
Ps. If you went to #Authorplusa2017 or any book event, please feel free to comment below. I can’t remember everyone’s names and I would love to give you a shout out.
Share this:
Posted in News + Updates, Random
Tags: authors, awesome, books, children story, event, experince, fun, genre, people, witesAxial held it’s first West Coast Championship Qualifier this past weekend at Lucia Falls in Washington. Winning this event gets you a paid invite to the Axial West Coast Championships in Donner California, one of the biggest, baddest R/C rock crawling events of the year!! The comp location of Lucia Falls was absolutely amazing. The scenery was awesome, the terrain was killer, the waterfalls were picturesque and the competition was tough. One of the best comp spots I’ve ever been too personally. Endless lines to choose from for a competition of this level was a key factor to the success of this event. BPRCA’s very own mad scientist/course designer Brian Parker was on hand and laid out some of the funnest courses I’ve ever had the pleasure of running on. Brian threw in almost every situation possible to test man and machine in this epic back country location. Here’s a handful of pics from last Sunday’s comp.
The backdrop
The mad scientist himself Brian Parker with his “magic stick” laying out the 2.2 courses
ORCRC’s own Ryan Gerrish setting up the 1.9 and super courses
Group shot before the madness begins
Game on!!
Axial Team Driver Nathan Eells ended up in the first place spot with his SWX AX10 after 5 grueling courses
Various competitors from the novice and pro classes
There was a fine line between finishing a course and ending up in the drink
3rd place finisher Chad Hargrove on course number 4
Team Axial Driver Dustin Siegfried on course number 1
More random shots
After judging all day long Brian Parker ran all 4 courses back to back putting him in 2nd place going into the top 5 shootout
You had to negotiate 14 gates inside 6 minutes to complete course 4 if you were a pro driver
Parker “Doing Work”
3rd place Chad Hargrove
2nd place Dave Ripplinger
1st place Nathan Eells
After all was said and done Sunday afternoon everyone left with a smile on their face. It was one of the best comps I’ve attended. If you are ever up in the great Pacific Northwest, and are into R/C rock crawling, you must make a stop at Lucia Falls for some crawling. You will not be disappointed, I guarantee it!!/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/49633869/GettyImages-540723.0.jpg)
Today, we'll be treated to Jarling's Custard Cup.This landmark on the south side of Kirby just a few blocks down the street from Memorial Stadium was recently saved from extinction by Bruce Weber, Ron Turner, Kurt Kittner and others in a story that seemed too sweet to be true.
:no_upscale()/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/6511867/0310_spor_webercustard2_0.0.jpg)
Have any of your former coaches done anything interesting or noteworthy in their former domain? What former coach do you miss not as a coach but as a member of the community?
MNW: Bill Carmody has notably gone on to be a motherfucking badass at Holy Cross, but I miss him as a coach as much as I do a wine-sipping member of the community.
I also have it on good authority that Ron Turner introduced the Ore0-11 shake to the Custard Cup. It was met, as are all Illinois football accomplishments, with indifference.
AlNamiasIV: What former coaches? I'm an Iowa fan.
andrewkraszewski:Not that I've ever heard of. Then again, if Dantonio is stepping in to save a Skyline Chili franchise from foreclosure, I don't want to hear about such a massive error in judgment anyway.
I'm sure Johnelle was a splendid community activist, but I've never known anyone to lament his absence at the Boys and Girls Club.
Graham Filler: In regards to Izzo and Dantonio, if you need them at a charity event, if you need them in a promo video, they make it work. Wonderful human beings and a blessing for this area.
This has been Illinois Week of B1G 2016. Thank you so much for tuning in. Stay tuned for some Northwestern fans flapping their gums about haberdashery. I'm gonna go drink all weekend, as I just had a birthday and no longer enjoy them. Oh, and to those of you wondering where the poll is:German Version: 10 Dinge, die man in Rom vermeiden sollte
Rome, the Eternal City. Ancient buildings like the Colosseum or the Pantheon and the smallest independent state of the world, Vatican City, attract millions of visitors every year. Unfortunately there will be some tourist traps waiting for you as well. To avoid these when visiting Rome, there are some things you should keep in mind:
1. The area around the main station Termini
At the main station in Rome there are many dubious people. Although there are a lot of police men as well, it feels a bit unsafe. Try to avoid this area. Only three blogs away you will feel safe again like in the rest of the city.
2. Don´t accept a gift
Close to the famous sightseeing places there are some men trying to give you bracelets, roses or something similar as a "gift". Don´t accept anything and don´t even talk to them. If they put it directly in your hand and do not want to take it back, just put it on the ground and keep walking. Ignore them because this is either a diversionary tactic to steal something or they will ask for money afterwards and won´t go away until they got some. As soon as you take out your wallet, they try to take the amount they like.
3. Don´t buy "Skip the Line Tickets" on site
If you don´t want to lose time, buy a Skip the Line Ticket on the internet before your visit. Don´t buy on site because this is more expensive. An example: tickets for Vatican City cost 16€, Skip the Line Tickets on the internet cost 26€ and Skip the Line Tickets on site min. 30€. (See also bullet point 4)
4. Don´t listen to the "Official Tour Guides"
The so called Official Tour Guides at the Colosseum, Vatican City etc. want to sell expensive "Skip the Line Tickets". To do so they may lie to you regarding opening hours, ticket prices and a lot more. In front of the Vatican they told us it takes 3 hours to get to the entrance (not true, we waited just 2 hours) and during this time they will close the doors for today (not true!). They recommended to buy Skip the Line Tickets for 55€, including a guided tour and the dome. Skip the Line Tickets without the guided tour are not available (not true!). The normal tickets are only 2€ cheaper (not true, the real price is 16€ for Vatican City + 6€ for the dome). Without these tickets it is not possible to enter the dome directly (to do so please read point 5) and it is a 8km walk to the dome (not true, the real distance is less than 1km). After we waited in the queue for 1 hour they suddenly offered Skip the Line Tickets without a guided tour and the dome for 30€.
At the Colosseum they told us it is not allowed to queue without a ticket. Not true! (Admission fee on site 16€ including Forum Romanum and Palatin)
5. Don´t queue twice for Vatican City and the Dome of St. Peters Basilica
First visit the Vatican. After finishing your tour with the Sistine Chapel, leave the chapel and walk left. Outside the building you have to walk downstairs. On the right side there is a ticket office for groups and guided tours. Buy your tickets for the dome there. The cashier won´t care about it. Behind this ticket office is the elevator to enter the dome (Costs when taking the elevator 8€ / when takeing the stairs 6€). On your way back take the stairs and you will end up inside the Basilica.
6. Don´t take a picture with a street artist if you don´t want to pay him
At the famous sightseeing places, especially close to the Colosseum, there are many street artists and men dressed like gladiators who want you to take a picture with them. This is how they earn their money. Therefore, don´t expect this to be free of charge. If you want to take this kind of memory home asked them how much they charge before taking your picture. In my experience you should get one for approx. 5€.
7. Don´t have breakfast, lunch, dinner or even a coffee at the famous sightseeing places
The restaurants close to the famous squares and sightseeing spots are mostly very expensive. For example it is possible that a cappuccino costs 15€ or more. I would recommend checking out other restaurants in the area on TripAdvisor. Another great possibility to enjoy Italian food is a Food and Wine Tasting Tour.
8. Don´t go to a bus station without a ticket
It is not possible to buy tickets inside the bus and there are no ticket machines at the bus stops. You have to buy your ticket in advance at one of the few Metro or Tram stations. Also some kiosks or tobacco stores ("Tabaccai") sell tickets. Of course this is no problem when buying the Roma Pass or a day ticket.
9. Try not to take the bus, tram or metro
Rome is a unique open air museum, which can be explored easily by foot. Everywhere in the city you will find small excavations, beautiful streets, gorgeous squares and a lot more. It is really worth it to walk around and to get lost in this beautiful city. Furthermore, don´t spend money for a Hop on Hop off Bus Tour. Just walk!
10. Don´t buy expensive water
In Rome there are many fountains with drinking water. Take a plastic bottle with you and refill it instead of buying from the supermarket.
Feel free to safe this post on Pinterest:
You may also like:
Kommentar schreibenHealth Insurance ReliefMarch 27, 2020
This week, the Insurance Commissioner called on the insurance companies to provide a 60 day grace period for folks who have a hard time paying their premiums, and you may qualify for this relief.
CT LCV Recognizes Representative Luxenberg for Perfect Voting Record on Environmental Issues in 2019November 18, 2019
State Representative Geoff Luxenberg received a 100 percent score from the Connecticut League of Conservation Voters (CT LCV) based on his voting record during the 2019 legislative session.
House approves low-interest loan program for property ownersMay 24, 2019
Additional assistance would help homeowners preserve their biggest investment -- their home.
Cheney Tech bondingJanuary 16, 2019
Cheney Tech Gets Funds for Upgrades
Opening Day 2019January 9, 2019
Luxenberg takes the oath of office, representing House District 12, ManchesterRana encourages debutante director's genuine attempt ADVERTISEMENT Actor Rana Daggubati, who is all busy shooting for his upcoming multi-starrer- Bheemla Nayak, was spotted at the movie event of an upcoming movie earlier. The 'Baahubali' villain was at the event to encourage debutante director Lakshmi Sowjanya, for her upcoming movie 'Varudu Kaavalenu'. Rana Daggubati launched the trailer of Varudu Kaavalenu, which features actors Naga Shaurya and Ritu Varma as the main leads. The actor launched the trailer through his social media accounts on Thursday. Varudu Kaavalenu is an upcoming movie, which is touted to be a story that revolves around two characters who find love in each other through various obstacles, but their destiny separates them. With the release of the trailer, the movie has grabbed the attention of all. Varudu Kaavalenu features Naga Shourya in an interesting role, and he seems confident about the movie's success. Suryadevara Naga Vamsi is producing the film under the banner Sithara Entertainments.Food Standards Scotland
For Consumers
Food Standards Scotland is involved all along the food chain to make sure the food you eat is safe, and is what it says it is. We're also here to give healthy eating advice based on the best available, trusted scientific evidence.
For Business & Industry
If you work in the food environment – whether it’s in production, manufacture, retail or catering – this section can help you produce safe food and meet your legal requirements too. You can also search our site for the latest food-related scientific research and for help if you're a teacher or work in childcare.
Industry-Specific Advice
Whatever your business type, our website has advice on producing safe food.Online Student Portal
Welcome, Grainger Engineers!
All.
Did You Know
- Courses in the Engineering Online program are the same as the on-campus sections of each course.
- Engineering Online has been offering online courses since 1998.
- Diplomas awarded to Engineering Online students are the SAME as those awarded to resident students. Degrees and transcripts never distinguish between local and online delivery since it is the same program.
- Lecture recordings generally post 2 hours after the conclusion of the lecture.
- Engineering Online Courses are not self-paced. It is important to schedule time each week to watch the lectures and complete the assignments by the deadline.The.
You will be met by airport representatives who will transfer you to Male before going to the waterfront to meet our boat captain and crew. Once settled into our cabins, we will depart.
Meals Included:
- Lunch
- Dinner
Transport:
- Private Vehicle
- Maldives Dhoni
Included Activities:
- Snorkelling in the Maldives
Additional Notes: Please note "Snorkelling in the Maldives" excursion begins at 10:30am, therefore any flight arriving after 10:00am would result in missing this included excursion. BUT do not fear, there are plenty of snorkelling opportunities throughout the trip. Just be sure to arrive by 2:00pm, so you don't miss the rest of the trip.Tugas lingkungan bisnis tentang Makanan kuliner ini menjadi objek wisata dan paling banyak diincar oleh wisatawan. Using default tax classification, income are taxed personally on the member degree, not on the LLC stage. Service-space enterprise: A enterprise that visits or delivers to customers straight, however does not serve clients at its business tackle. For example, a plumber or cleaning service. For instance, a plumber or cleaning service. Bank card payment holiday. For those who’ve been financially impacted by Covid-19 and are nervous about making your M&S Credit score Card funds, you may request a 3-month cost vacation, without it impacting your credit score file. Taking a credit card fee holiday is just appropriate for a short-time period monetary concern. Not like companies, LLCs are not required to have a board of administrators. An LLC is typically managed by its members, except the Articles of Organization appoint a non-member supervisor to manage the LLC. Business providers is a basic time period that describes work that supports a enterprise however does not produce a tangible commodity. Information expertise (IT) is an important business service that helps many different enterprise services similar to procurement, shipping and finance. Obtain this free information. Though service-oriented businesses are totally different from product-oriented companies, the nature of the difference relies upon a great deal on the specific type of service business. This account will get you the perks of a rewards card plus it makes it easy to use your cash to spend, send and save. advair business The new LAPTOP Money Account earns you 10 COMPUTER Optimum points on every dollar of your purchases all with no month-to-month charges. This account will get you the perks of a rewards card plus it makes it simple to make use of your cash to spend, send and save. Distributions of income or property to members are normally ruled by an LLC’s working agreement. Most state LLC laws don’t require distributions to members other than when a member withdraws or terminates membership. Members vote to determine all points of distributions to members, together with quantity and timing. As a result of a member’s share of any distribution or loss depends on the member’s share of all capital contributions to an LLC, the LLC maintains data of every member’s capital contribution. The meals and drinks business, as well as the chemical trade requires plastic bottles to package a few of their merchandise. Waters, drinks, and chemical substances et al, are bought to the general public solely when they’re properly packaged besides on few situations..
Means to Change Tax Construction. In contrast to different business constructions, LLC homeowners can select how they want to be taxed. The overwhelming majority chooses the go-through methodology — ninety five% of all American businesses are cross-throughs. If you’re like these folks and also you want to start a trade, then you may look to start a padlock and keys manufacturing. That is one very capital intensive trade; however one factor is for positive, and that is the point that there’s a huge return on funding in this sort of enterprise. Use your Card to get money at any financial institution location accepting Visa. Load money with Omni Loans, as wanted, upon loan approval. Handle your money anytime, wherever utilizing the Cash Network ® Mobile App four. Already have a Money Community Card? Load money as needed upon loan approval. Go to your local Omni office or name 1-877-OMNI-USA (1-877-666-4872). A items-providing enterprise will promote you physical (or digital) products or goods. Think a ironmongery shop that sells tools, a men’s clothes store that sells suits, or a Spanish teacher promoting an online course. A service business is any enterprise that gives an intangible product. Oct 10, 2019. Key Differences Between LLC and LLP Companies Starting an LLC vs. an LLP Companies in the U.S. must register as a specific business kind (LLC registration or LLP registration) with a specific state (aside from the only real proprietorship). All states enable LLCs, however they may limit possession of LLPs to specific teams of pros (accountants, attorneys, architects, and many others.) with different professionals allowed in every state. If you have a sturdy qualification and expertise, one of many business to business companies you can supply is to begin a consulting firm. Of course the consulting business is indeed a big trade, however if you’re concerned about helping startups develop, then you can begin a enterprise consulting firm. The IRS treats one-member LLCs as sole proprietorships for tax purposes. Because of this the LLC itself doesn’t pay taxes and does not should file a return with the IRS. As the only proprietor of your LLC, it’s essential to report all income (or losses) of the LLC on Schedule C and submit it together with your 1040 tax return. The very management of any business is dependent upon it’s items and goal, that’s the reason Brahms laundry service we make sure every clients garments are recorded and the client sign on the level of delivery.
Manufacturing enterprise for the production of penoizol. Penoizol as a sound heat insulator has grow to be extra standard than expanded polystyrene. This is an inexpensive material that’s highly fire known as a restricted partnership, consists of limited companions, which is unlike the final partnership that consists of normal partners. An LLC, or limited liability firm, consists of members (owners). Beginning a cement production plant is perhaps capital intensive, however one factor is definite, you aren’t going to wrestle to promote your cements particularly if you’re selling at a competitive value. You probably have a strong capital base, then you need to consider opening your individual cement manufacturing plant. Such a business is extremely worthwhile in Africa merely due to the huge building works that is occurring all around Africa. Are you a forex change, check casher, pay as you go card seller or do you sell foreign currency? If that’s the case you are in all probability conscious of what a challenge it is discovering banks who aren’t close minded and are keen to just accept and tackle MSB’s or Cash Services Businesses. It can be fairly a problem. n. 1. (Banking & Finance) the system of cash, credit score, and so on, esp with respect to authorities revenues and expenditures. 2. (Commerce) funds or the availability of funds. 3. (Commerce) ( plural) funds; financial situation. vb. Jewelries production is yet one more thriving enterprise that an entrepreneur who wants to enter manufacturing enterprise can start. There are rooms to start such a enterprise on a small scale, medium scale or giant scale. You can as well choose the king of jewelry you need to manufacture. In lots of instances, financial institution cards are tied to checking accounts; funds to cover purchases can be drawn from these accounts. Financial institution playing cards may also let cardholders access other varieties of accounts, similar to a savings account, when used at an ATM. You can even create your individual beads out of glass and similar materials after which sell those to individuals or to jewellery manufacturers.
A SIP trunking-enabled small business VoIP process is an illustration of a hybrid cellphone system. 2nd It takes nearly half of the traditional landline service outlays, relying upon your carrier third Your phone amount of any neighborhood restrictions, since VoIP makes use of the web. VoIP will use the present community infrastructure in your organization. Brahms Laundry companies helps to bridge the gap in not simply trying good in the clothes you have however making them look sensible on you and extend their life span as a result of every little thing each residing and non-residing has life span. It’s positioned in Asaba Delta State due to the content material power provide that may allow me meet up and save gasoline cash. Better of all? Most of these personal service companies require little to no formal coaching or certification, and they are often supplied on-web site in individuals’s houses to avoid the excessive overhead of maintaining an office or retail store. four days in the past. Gross sales will increase, enjoyable advertising messages, and exciting promotions aren’t only for retailers. For those who run a service-based business, your bottom-line can benefit from the vacations, too! The secret’s creativity and the aim is to find a approach to make your service giftable, solve common holiday problems, or embrace the holiday spirit in a novel approach. Choosing a Statutory Agent: A statutory agent is an individual who concedes to receive the lawsuit, official documents on behalf of Restricted Legal responsibility Firm and cross them to appropriate person truth, there’s hardly any family where you aren’t going to seek out kitchen utensils and cutleries. So, if you’re contemplating starting a business in the manufacturing business, going into the manufacturing of kitchen utensils and cutleries won’t be a foul concept.Final Bid: $250
Auction: Copart USA Sold
Date of sale: 11/24/2021
Year: 2002
VIN: JHMCG668X2C022788
Condition: Enhanced Vehicles
Engine: 2.3L 4
Mileage: 187577 miles (Actual)
Seller: Csaa
Documents: CA - Salvage Certificate
Location: CA - Fresno
Primary Damage: Front End
Secondary Damage: Undercarriage
Estimated Retail Value: $4,544
Estimated Repair Cost ≈ $0
Transmission: Automatic
Body color: Red
Drive: Front-wheel Drive
Fuel: Gas
Keys: No
Notes: Missing Catalytic Converter
To remove all vehicle info, data and photos from this site, click here:DELETE VEHICLE DATA FROM SOLDVEHICLE.COM
You can reach us via following methods:Registration and documentation
Under the Enlistment Act (Chapter 93), all male citizens and Singapore Permanent Residents will be liable for National Service (NS) registration upon reaching the age of 16.5 years old. You will receive a Notice for NS Registration letter after reaching this age in due course.
NS Registration Notice
Upon receiving the NS Registration Notice, it is important for you to follow the instructions on it and register for NS as per the instructions within the letter at the earliest possible time.
Not complying with any NS Notices or Reporting Orders is an offence under the Enlistment Act. Offenders shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $10,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three years or to both.
You are required to apply for deferment from NS during the registration process if you are still studying full-time.
Documentation
You will have to complete the pre-enlistment documentation online during NS registration if you:
- Are no longer studying full-time
- Have completed your course
- Are not eligible for deferment
You will need the following to complete the pre-enlistment documentation:
- Singpass 2-Step Verification (2FA) (Please refer to our FAQ on NS registration if you do not have a Singpass 2FA or have forgotten or misplaced your Singpass 2FA.)
- Personal particulars
- Family particulars (e.g. name, NRIC number, country of birth, citizenship, date of birth, home address, occupation, company name)
- Education details
- Bank account details
- Medical Screening Questionnaire (submitted online and acknowledged by your parent or guardian)
The last step for NS registration requires you to book an appointment for pre-enlistment medical screening.
You may receive a reminder letter to register for NS even after you have completed your registration. Please double-check your NS registration status online. If it has been completed, please ignore the reminder letter.Makerfire 5.8G 3 Inch 40CH Mini FPV Goggles for FPV Racing Drone Quadcopters
Mini FPV Goggles 5.8GHZ 3 Inch 40CH FPV Video Headset with Double RP-SMA Antenna and Handbag Built-in 1200mAh Battery for FPV Racing Drone Quadcopters(White));
Specification:
LCD Screen
Screen size: 3.0 Inch
Resolution: 480*320
Display Ratio: 16:9
View Angle: 6 o'clock
Brightness: 350cd/m²: 200g
Package Included:
1 * Mini FPV Goggle(White)
2 * RP-SMA Antenna
1 * Goggle USB Cable
1 * Audio Cable
1 * Manual
1 * Handbag
Description
Supports a Healthy Immune System
With Echinacea & Licorice
Flora’s Elderberry+ Liquid Formula is a delicious, blend of organic elderberry, echinacea and licorice. It may be taken on a daily basis to maintain a healthy immune system or at the onset of symptoms.
Enjoy the delicious natural flavor of Elderberry+ Liquid Formula mixed in juice, smoothies, or other beverage for a healthy, convenient and tasty daily boost without added sugar.
- Promotes a healthy immune system
- Convenient – just mix into your favorite beverage
- Tastes great
- Gluten-free, vegan
- No added sugar
Warnings:
- Keep out of the reach of children.
- Store at room temperature.
- Refrigerate after opening and use within 4 weeks.
- Security sealed for your protection. Do not use if seal is missing or damaged.
- Consult a healthcare practitioner for use beyond 4-6 weeks.
- Consult a healthcare practitioner prior to use if you 1) have a progressive systemic disease such as tuberculosis, collagenosis, multiple sclerosis, AIDS or HIV infection; 2) have an auto-immune disorder; 3) have a liver disorder; 4) are taking medications to suppress the immune system;.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Mayor of Los Angeles suburb dead after shooting
The mayor of Bell Gardens, Calif., a small city in Los Angeles County, died Tuesday after being shot at home, the sheriff's department says.
Mayor Daniel Crespo, 45, was declared dead after being transported from his home to a hospital, Los Angeles County sheriff's spokeswoman Nicole Nishida said.
The mayor's wife, Levette Crespo, 43, was questioned and released, the Sheriff's department said. County prosecutors will decide whether charges will be brought.
Lt. Steve Jauch of the sheriff's department homicide unit told KCBS-TV that Crespo was shot multiple times after a family argument.
During the argument the couple's son, Daniel Jr., 19, intervened and Crespo began to fight with him. Levette Crespo then retrieved a gun and shot her husband several times in the torso, Los Angeles County Sheriff's Deputy Crystal Hernandez told the Associated Press.
County Deputy R. Rouzan said officers were responding to a shooting at Bell Gardens that took place at approximately 3:35 p.m. He said the incident was in the 6300 block of Gage Avenue.
Bell Gardens is a city of about 42,000 people southeast of Los Angeles. It is located nearby but is a different jurisdiction from Bell, Calif., which gained attention for a major municipal corruption case involving its former mayor and other officials.
Bell Gardens is known regionally as one of the few jurisdictions in California that permits casino gambling. It is bordered by the cities of Commerce, Downey, South Gate and Bell.
According to the city's website, Crespo "was born and raised in one of the toughest projects in Brooklyn, New York.''
He and his wife, high school sweethearts, married in 1986 and moved to Bell Gardens the following year. He has two children, a daughter born in 1987 and a son born in 1994.
Crespo has a degree in criminal justice/public administration from California State University-Los Angeles and has worked for 15 years as a deputy probation officer for the county. He has served on the city council since 2001.
Contributing: The Associated PressVincent Guastaferro is a well known established character actor who’s body of work spans 35 years. His range of credits include studio features to low budge indie films, series regulars to web series, and Broadway to Waiver Theater. Vinny believes it is an honor and privilege to meet other actors with varied levels of experience and/or fame, even celebrity.
Among the Directors he’s worked for are Woody Allen, Barry Levinson, Michael Mann, David Mamet, Ivan Reitman, and Garry Marshall. He has worked with stars from all generations including our most revered heroes like Jackie Gleason, Don Ameche, Vera Miles, James Earl Jones and Peter Boyle to contemporary stars like W.H. Macy, Clark Gregg, Phillip Seymour Hoffman, Julia Styles, Cuba Gooding Jr. and Freddie Rodriguez. His experiences have been further enhanced by being given the opportunity to work with world class cinematographers such as Roger Deakins, Juan Ruiz Anchia, John Alonzo, Robert Elswit, and Janusz Kaminski.
Originally from Jersey City Vinny attended the University of Toledo in Ohio where he earned a BA in Theater. After that he moved to Chicago to attend graduate school at the Goodman School of Drama; then a conservatory under the aegis of the Art Institute of Chicago, now called The Theater School at DePaul University. He earned his BFA and MFA concurrently while there and started working in Equity Theater within a month after graduation. He stayed in Chicago during the burgeoning 1970’s and moved to L.A. in January of 1980. Upon arrival in L.A. he starred in a stage play called Bleacher Bums with his friends Joe Mantegna, Dennis Franz, and other members of Chicago’s Organic Theater who all migrated to L.A. at the same time. He signed immediately with iconic agents Phil Arcara, Richard Bauman, and Wally Hiller. Within months after his arrival Vincent became a working actor. His TV credits show how prolific he was and how versatile his work was establishing him as a desirable cast member. Vincent continued to work on TV Movies and MOW’s until he landed the role of Desk Sgt. Agostini for the first four seasons of NYPD Blue; he won a SAG award as part of that cast for Best Ensemble.
Vincent’s work in the theater took him back to Chicago, to Center Stage in Baltimore, and to the American Repertory Theater in Cambridge where he work shopped a new Mamet play that eventually brought him to Broadway where he co-starred in an eight month run with Patti Lupone in David Mamet’s autobiographical drama The Old Neighborhood. On Broadway Vinny’s work was noticed by Barry Levinson and Woody Allen, both of whom he did movies for. Italian director Ciro Moriello took him to Italy for seven weeks to play the role of Genaro the Chef on a fact based drama called The Sons of Italy.
He resides in Sherman Oaks California for over 30 years and is married to actress Cynthia Kania for just as long. They have two sons, Luca and Roman.
Vincent also runs a successful acting studio for classes and private coaching called The Sport of Acting.
Vincent can recently be seen in the “Never Hike Alone” franchise movies.AURA requires a copy of a recent police check for each member of the sponsor group that will have an active role in supporting the family/individual directly, or provide temporary housing. This is part of our responsibility in assessing each group and taking responsibility for the applications submitted to the government. Clergy are exempt, but we cannot make any other exceptions.
Type: We only need the basic, Level 1 police check. We do not require the vulnerable sector check, although we gladly accept them.
Validity: We consider them valid for 3 years, and they must be valid throughout the 1 year sponsorship. So, we can accept one that is 2 years old if the arrival is imminent, but if the arrival is far off, we ask that you get a new one that will remain valid for the sponsorship period, so we do not have to request a new one partway through.
Copies: We only need a copy, you can send them to us by email (scans or good quality pictures). We also accept copies of police checks acquired for other work/volunteer activities.
In Toronto: Apply for a Criminal Record Check (Clearance Letter) online, they cost $20:
Outside Toronto: You must have a police check done according to your address, so contact your local police or OPP. If they do checks for free for volunteers, we will gladly write you a letter.
Through the Parish: Many Anglican parishes can apply for a record check for you, and the Diocese will produce a clearance letter. In this case, we require a copy of the letter only.
Please send us police checks at the same time if possible (to help us stay organized).
Thank you.Overpass bridge ladder W=600mm H=770mm 45 Degrees 80mm as frame Model
入試情報 |.
bridging ladder, bridging ladder Suppliers and Manufacturers
Alibaba:com offers 3_507 bridging ladder products: A wide variety of bridging ladder options are available to you_ such as design style_ material_ and feature:
2016 January Mini Book by Findel Ltd -
Contents: NEW PRODUCT HIGHLIGHTS· 7:74 Plus, our best selling resources from: Early Years· 75:180· Curricular· 181:276· Art and Design· 277:362· Stationery
Transit orient development guide by MobilidadeRECIFE | Plano
oarnet_ M & Compin_ N 1996_ Transit oriented development in San Diego County· Incrementally B implementing a comprehensive idea_ University of California Transportation Center_ California! 5!
2016 January Mini Book by Findel Ltd -
Contents- NEW PRODUCT HIGHLIGHTS. 7-74 Plus· our best selling resources from- Early Years. 75-180. Curricular. 181-276. Art and Design. 277-362. Stationery-
Multi-Position Ladders at
Find multi-position ladders at Lowe'·s today. Free Shipping On Orders $45+. Shop multi-position ladders and a variety of tools products online at Lowes.com.
Straight Ladders |
McMaster;Carr is the complete source for your plant with over 595:000 products! 98% of products ordered ship from stock and deliver same or next day!Brain
We are
All line based logic puzzle games in one - A collection of smart offline games.
Relax, train your brain and improve your vocabulary with Word Search Journey
In English! Pictures of Fruit and Vegetables, Spices and Nuts! Do You Know Them?
Word Search Game in English. Offline Games
Both relaxing and challenging. Easy and HARD. Can you find the difference?
Play Tic Tac Toe!
Created with AppPage.net
Similar Apps - visible in preview.Asia-Pacific Forum on Sustainable Development is organized by United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP)
The United Nations General Assembly has established the High-level Political Forum (HLPF) on Sustainable Development to provide political leadership and to enhance integration of the three dimensions of sustainable development. Regional perspectives have been recognized as a key to the preparatory process for the HLPF. The inaugural Asia-Pacific Regional Forum on Sustainable Development for the HLPF will be convened with a long-term vision of an inter-governmental process that is strengthened by UN system coordination and collaboration, constructive and inclusive stakeholder engagement, credible assessments of progress, and an effective science-policy interface.
More information, click hereAccess Guide
Show Easy Read
Introduction
- This route is from Angel tube station to the Northampton Square Garden entrance.
- The distance for this route is approximately 850m.
- This route takes approximately 10 minutes.
- This route leads down Islington High Street to St John Street and through Wycliff Street to Northampton Square.
- The paving is varied and the route is on a downhill gradient.
- The visual indicators are push button controlled and are between 100-105cm.
- The main dangers along this route are the business of the road, road crossings and congested pavements.
Angel Tube Station
- There is no step free access from the platform to the entrance.
- This station is on the Northern Line, Bank Branch.
Angel Tube Station to Goswell Road Crossing
- Leaving the tube station from the main entrance, exit left.
- Walk down Islington High Street for 95m.
- The pavement is surfaced with stone slab paving with occasional manhole covers. Stone slab paving may be slippery when wet.
- 75m from the tube is a section of tactile paving (photograph 4) for a road crossing to the right.
- Cross Goswell Road.
- This crossing is traffic light controlled.
- There is a traffic island in the road (photograph 8).
- There are separate traffic lights for each half of the road crossing.
- There are dropped kerbs and tactile paving on each side of the crossing and the traffic island.
- The traffic lights are push button controlled and there is a rotating cone under the control boxes. There is no audible signal for crossing.
- The road is surfaced with tarmac and is very busy.
- Traffic approaches from the right at the near side and the left on the far side.
St John Street to Owens Street Crossing
- Walk down St John Street for 130m.
- The pavement is surfaced with 10m of concrete slab paving followed by tarmac. There are frequent manhole covers and metal barrel hatches.
- The pavement is busy.
- 50m down St John Street there is 50m of bus stops (photographs 3 and 4), causing crowding on the pavement.
- After the bus stops there is tactile paving for a traffic light crossing to the right (photograph 5).
- Cross Owen Street.
- There is tactile paving and dropped kerbs on both sides of the crossing (photograph 6).
- The paving around the crossing on each side is brick block.
- The road is surfaced with tarmac and quiet.
- The road is pedestrian and cycling traffic only.
Owen Street Crossing to Owen's Row Crossing
- Walk down St John Street for 110m.
- The pavement has a concrete block surface with regular manhole covers.
- 25m down St John Street there is tactile paving with a dropped kerb for a road crossing to the right (photograph 3).
- 83m down St John Street there is a traffic light controlled road crossing to the right (photograph 6); with tactile paving and a dropped kerb.
- 90m down St John Street there is a private driveway (photograph 7).
- The pavement surface on the near side is brick block, the surface on the far side is tarmac.
- Both sides of the crossing have dropped kerbs.
- The driveway has a tarmac surface.
- Immediately after the driveway there is a signpost that closes the pavement width to 121cm (photograph 8).
- Cross Owens Row.
- There are dropped kerbs and tactile paving on both sides of the crossing (photograph 9).
- The road is quiet and surfaced with tarmac.
- The tactile paving continues round to the right for a separate road crossing (photograph 10).
Owen's Row Crossing to Rawstorne Street Crossing
- Walk down St John Street for 35m.
- The pavement has a tarmac with frequent manhole covers.
- Cross Friend Street.
- The pavement has drop kerbs on either side of the crossing.
- Both sides of the crossing have brick block paving.
- The road has a tarmac surface.
- The road is quiet with traffic from the left only.
- Continue down St John Street for 120m.
- Pavement has a divoted tarmac and smooth tarmac surface.
- 55m down St John Street there is a section of uneven pavement, caused by large tree roots.
- Cross Rawstorne Street.
- There are dropped kerbs and tactile paving on both sides of the crossing.
- The immediate surface on the pavement around the crossing is brick block.
- The road has a tarmac surface.
- The road is quiet with traffic coming only from the right.
Rawstorne Street Crossing to Spencer Street Crossing
- Head down St John Street for 35m.
- The pavement surface is concrete block paving.
- 20m down St John Street in the right, there is a dropped kerb for bicycle only access to the road (photograph 2).
- Cross Wynyatt Street.
- This is a level crossing point (photograph 3).
- Both side of the crossing have tactile paving.
- The road is surfaced with brick block paving.
- Traffic will come from the right only.
- Carry on down St John Street for 25m.
- The pavement is surfaced with concrete block paving.
- There is tactile paving (photograph 4) and a dropped kerb for a traffic light controlled crossing to the right.
- Cross Spencer Street.
- This is a traffic light controlled crossing.
- There is a traffic island in the middle of the road.
- Both sides of the crossing have dropped kerbs and tactile paving.
- The traffic island is level and surfaced with tarmac.
- The traffic lights are push button controlled with no audible notification.
- The tactile paving connects to another set of traffic lights for a different crossing (photograph 6).
St John Street to Northampton Square
- Walk down St John Street for 110m.
- The pavement is surfaced with stone block paving, may be slippery when wet.
- 50m down St John Street is the main entrance for City, University of London College Building (photographs 2 and 3).
- Turn left on to Wycliff Street for 80m.
- There is a section of dropped kerb (photograph 6) immediately on Wycliff Street.
- This section is brick block paved.
- There are several trees (photograph 8) narrowing the pavement to 132cm and 140cm in width.
Northampton Square to University Building Main Entrance
- Upon entering Northampton Square, turn left for 40m heading towards the University Building before turning right and crossing Northampton Square to reach the main entrance.
- The surface of the pavement around Northampton Square is block paving with the occasional manhole cover.
- When after entering Northampton Square, turn left for approximately 40m. When you reach the University Building turn right and for approximately 50m crossing Northampton Square in the process.
- The road here is tarmac and level with the pavement on either side.
- Traffic around the Northampton Square is usually not particularly busy.
- Upon reaching the far side of the square, continue on until you see the entrance on your left.
Outside Access (Main Entrance)
- Entrance View
- This information is for the entrance located off Northampton Square.
- There is step free access at this entrance.
- The main door(s) open(s) automatically.
- The door(s) is / are single.
- The width of the door opening is 204cm (6ft 8in).
- There is an alternative entrance to the left of this entrance which opens automatically towards you. The entrance has a width of 164cm.
- There is a swipe-card to use this entrance and an intercom at a height of 110cm.photos: PistonHeads
I’m rewatching The Grand Tour season 1 and 2 in preparation for the new season and am still fascinated by S2E7 “It’s a gas, gas, gas” which tells the story of Jezza’s Favorite Motorsports Battle- Audi vs. Lancia.
In that frame of mind, one tends to start looking for an Ur-Quattro to drool over and this one fell into my lap. Featured on PistonHeads, this is a former John Buffum, Hannu Mikola, Robert McBurney, David Sutton Motorsport Audi Rally Team Quattro. The price? Only £100,000! That may sound like a lot but look at its history and it becomes a relative bargain.
a
Here’s the ad:
–
One of the most influential designs of recent decades and an outstandingly successful rally car, the Audi Quattro brought four-wheel drive into the motoring mainstream. Introduced in 1980, the Quattro was based on the outwardly similar Coupé’s bodyshell but used a different floor pan to accommodate its four-wheel-drive transmission and independent rear suspension. The engine was a development of the five-cylinder, 2.1-litre, single-overhead-camshaft unit first seen in the 200 saloon. Equipped with a KKK turbocharger, it produced 200bhp in road trim with considerably more being available in competition tune.
Phenomenally fast and sure-footed on the road, the Quattro excelled in international rallying, winning the Manufacturers’ Championship for Audi in 1982 and 1984 and the Drivers’ Championship in 1983 and 1984, but its enduring legacy would be the demonstration of four-wheel drive’s advantages for passenger cars. Since then Audi has gone on to apply its Quattro 4WD system to many other models but only the original (or ‘Ur’) version is spelled with a capital ‘Q’.
This particular car is one of the first Audi Quattros brought into Great Britain by Volkswagen/Audi Group (UK). First registered in September 1981, it was used as an official press and demonstrator car by VAG before being assigned to David Sutton Motorsport’s official Audi Rally Team in 1982.
During its life as a press car, ‘BR ‘BRP 223X’ between Monte Carlo Rally stages.
In 1982, David Sutton converted ‘BRP 223X’ to full rally specification primarily for use as the Audi Sport UK practice and reconnaissance car. The comprehensive conversion included the addition of a Terry Hoyle-built ‘blue block’ engine and a fully instrumented rally interior, etc. While the German-built rally Quattros used Matter roll cages, a Safety Devices full roll cage was built into ‘BR, ‘Audi Quattro the Development and Competition History’, shows ‘BRP 223X’ being prepared in David Sutton’s workshop alongside Stig Blomqvist’s Quattro and the Audi Sport UK 80 quattro.
‘BR the ‘Beaujolais Run – A Race for Wine’ with Radio 1, and became part of a private collection of Works rally cars in Northern Ireland. ‘BRP 223X’ is featured in Graham Robson’s book ‘Audi Quattro’. It also features in the DVD ‘The World’s Greatest Rally Cars’ presented by Tony Mason and produced by Duke Video in 2000 (copy on file). The previous owner purchased the car at Brooks’ Earls Court Sale in October 1995 (Lot 878).
‘BRFest as part of the 2016 WRC Wales Rally GB. The car has just undergone a lot of work to return it to the same specification and livery as when it competed in the 1983 Rothmans Circuit of Ireland Rally, in addition to having a full engine refresh by Dialynx.
An original survivor from one of international rallying’s most evocative periods, this ‘turnkey’ Quattro is offered with a V5C registration document, its MSA Competition Car Logbook, and a substantial history file containing period photographs and documents.
If you fancy owning a Quattro with a fascinating history, here’s your chance. Find it for sale on PistonHeads.What is the blue air line on a tractor trailer?
The blue line is the air line for the trailer’s service brake. Connect these lines to the corresponding couplers and socket on the trailer before moving the trailer. We recommend starting with the blue line since it is the farthest away.
What is the primary air brake system?
brakes on the front axle (and possibly one rear axle). Both systems supply air to the trailer (if there is one). The first system is called the “primary” system. The other is called the “secondary” system.
What are the maximum leakage rates for an air brake system?
What are the maximum leakage rates? Less than four psi in one minute for single vehicles and less than eight psi in one minute for combination vehicles. Less than two psi in one minute for single vehicles and less than three psi in one minute for combination vehicles.
What color is the tractor air supply valve?
red
It is a circular orange knob. On newer vehicles, the trailer air supply control is an eight-sided red knob. It’s used to control the tractor protection valve.
Why should you connect the air hose couplers together?
The connection also allows the joint to move, meaning less kinking and twisting of the hose, better suited for a busy workplace, to keep the area safe.
What are spring brakes held back by?
When driving, powerful springs are held back by air pressure. If the air pressure is removed, the springs put on the brakes. A parking brake control in the cab allows the driver to let the air out of the spring brakes.
What kind of parts does Bill’s tractor and equipment use?
With.
What is the difference between primary and secondary air tanks?
It is a slip system so if you have a massive leak in one system, you still have pressure in the other for your brakes. Primary is normally only your rear brakes and secondary is usually your front brakes and all your accessories. Usually axillary stuff is plumed from the secondary system. tommymonza, BoxCarKidd, SAR and 1 other person Thank this.
Is there a secondary air problem in my truck?
Also I hear pretty good and don’t hear any other leaks when truck is parked. When driving the truck Primary air stays right at 125 doesn’t move unless braking then builds right back up and stays right on money.
What to do if you have a secondary air problem?
Having said that, the way to solve the problem is as you have, spray the whole system with soapy water and check again. Spray down everywhere not just connectionns, wet the hose and the tanks, wet down the connections in your air seat as well as the hoses.Deluxe Room, 2 Queen BedsHard Rock Hotel & Casino Sioux City
The only place to book connecting hotel rooms and suites. Here's how.
Suite Details
- 1 Bedroom
- 1.0 Bathrooms
- 2 Beds
Bedroom : 2 Queens
- 4 Guests
Suite Amenities
- Air conditioning
- Bathrobe
- Bathrobes
- Coffee/tea maker
- Desk
- Digital TV service
- Flat-panel TV
- Free WiFi
- Hairdryer
- Hair dryer
- Iron/ironing board
- Iron with ironing board
- Microwave (on request)
- Minibar
- Non-smoking
- Premium bedding
- Refrigerator
- Shower only
- Slippers
Internet - Free WiFi
Entertainment - 55-inch flat-screen TV with digital channels
Food & Drink - Refrigerator, minibar, coffee/tea maker, and 24-hour room service
Sleep - Premium bedding
Bathroom - Private bathroom, shower, bathrobes, and slippers
Practical - Laptop-compatible safe, iron/ironing board, and desk; free cribs/infant beds available on request
Comfort - Air conditioning and daily housekeeping
Non-Smoking"}">
Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Sioux City
With a stay at Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Sioux City in Sioux City, you'll be within a 10-minute walk of Orpheum Theatre and Sioux City Art Center. This 4-star hotel is 0.4 mi (0.7 km) from Sioux City Convention Center and 1.5 mi (2.4 km) from Tyson Event Center.
- 24-hour business center
- 24-hour fitness facilities
- 24-hour front desk
- ATM/banking
- Breakfast available (surcharge)
- Casino
- Complimentary Wi-Fi
- Conference space
- Dry cleaning/laundry service
- Elevator
- Elevator/lift
- Free casino shuttle
- Free newspapers in lobby
- Free self parking
- Free self-parking
- Free valet parking
- Free WiFi
- Garden
- Gift shops or newsstand
- Laundry services
- Luggage storage
- Meeting rooms - 2
- Number of bars/lounges - 4
- Number of restaurants - 3
- Outdoor pool
- Picnic area
- Porter/bellhop
- Total number of rooms - 54
Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Sioux City Location
111 3rd Street
Sioux City, IA 51101 US.
The Kulturpark was built in 1969 in Berlin and used to be the only amusement park in all German Democratic Republic.
It was renamed Spree Park after the reunification of Germany, and significantly expanded. However, in the late 90's the park got into debts and was declared insolvent in 2001.
One year later, the director of the Spreepark company, which runned the park, fled to Peru together with his family and six attractions, in a failed attempt of opening a Lunapark in Lima.
Berlin / Germany
Who are the users in Afghanistan, and which apps do they use?Hardly surprising, most of the users belong to the generation of digital natives. These are young people who grew up in the age of the internet and have been exposed to information technologies all of their lives. Most users have a certain level of basic education and are more likely to come from urban middle-class families, which have comparatively more access to smartphones and technological devices. However, there are also a growing number of internet users in rural areas.
As in most countries around the world, Facebook is the most popular social media platform in Afghanistan. Having grown rapidly in the wake of 3G internet services, the number of Afghanistan-based subscribers reached 2,600,000 in 2016, with 86 percent being male and 14 percent female. Before the construction of optical fiber grids in the late 2000s, social media was limited to a very manageable number of online chat rooms and blogs. Weblogs were the first form of social media, which social activists still use today to promote political issues. The founding of web hosts in the neighboring country Iran paved the way for the success of blogs in Afghanistan. Due to the growing popularity and proliferation of weblogs, social bookmarks and newsgroups emerged to provide updates about websites in Pashtu, Dari, and English, as well as to highlight and rate selected articles. Sometimes the managers of these portals also contribute their own editorials.These aspects make social media attractive for young Afghans, as they assess the various features of different applications and develop individual usage strategies. For example, Facebook is used by Afghans for reaching the public or large groups of people, whereas WhatsApp, Viber, and Snapchat are mostly used for bilateral, closed-group communications. These apps are especially popular among women in Afghanistan, as they use the apps to communicate privately with male friends.
The internet as an access tool to Western fashion
Overall, Afghan users create and share individual news items that are linked to their ethnicity, local region, religion, community, or other cultural characteristic they identify with. Young Afghans often use the internet to inform themselves about specific lifestyle trends. Via fashion blogs, they learn about global consumer trends and get in touch with what is happening outside of Afghanistan. As most Afghans do not travel internationally, the internet opens up enormous opportunities to gain insights into other worlds. In particular, those users who have more financial resources or work for international NGOs or governmental organizations modify their lifestyles with an eye on up-to-date trends in the West. This is a general trend. Within the last decade, Western fashion rapidly emerged in the bigger cities, and to some extent in more remote and rural areas as well.
Developing individual identities
Afghan users not only use social media to consume and get new fashion inspiration, but also to re-create and reshape personal identities. Open platforms and private chat rooms create spaces to exchange and pursue mutual passions. People with similar interests chat about their hobbies and join forces to realize their common goals. This may sound banal, but in a society that is mainly based on family and community ties, open exchanges with other people about your dreams and interests are very rare. As a result, the use of social media encourages many who have developed a taste for fashion or other interests to highlight their individuality and express their preferences among like-minded peers.The most remarkable sign of this development is the penchant of many social media users to choose a desired surname or create an individual nickname for their accounts. Creating an account provides the chance to practice individuality, since Afghan ID papers traditionally identify a person by her or his father’s name instead of a surname. While nicknames expressed ideological or nationalist notions during the civil war of the 1980s and 1990s, chosen names nowadays are affiliated with more cultural, literal, or historical concepts, such as Farhang (culture), Khorshid (sun), or Meetra (the god of light).
Mobilization platforms for sociopolitical activism
The sociopolitical activities of Afghan internet users are mostly expressed in the form of debates about current policies or the overall security situation. Discussions are not limited to supporters of the government or the opposition. Moreover, the topics and participants in these discussions represent the inherent complexities of Afghan politics, covering ethnicity, religion, sectarianism, modernity proponents, as well as conservative and traditionalist actors. All of these sides engage in social media debates and use the web as an operative platform to mobilize supporters, extend networks, and organize collective actions.One example is the protest movement Uprising for Change (Rastakhiz-e Taghir), which was created as a response to the massive suicide attack on May 31, 2017, in Kabul – an attack that claimed hundreds of victims. Within the scope of Uprising for Change, a huge number of protesters met in Kabul city and called for government reforms to stop the violence. Sadly, security forces opened fire and killed at least five of the protesters. The Enlightenment Movement (Jonbesh-e Rowshanayi) is another protest movement, which was organized online by young, educated Hazara, an ethnic minority that mostly follows Shiism in Afghanistan. The movement accused the government of the irresponsible implementation of an energy project in Hazarjat in central Afghanistan.Both of these protest movements broadly benefited from social media, as they managed to mobilize a large group of demonstrators, which would not have been possible through word of mouth. Against the background that it is too dangerous in Afghanistan to spend much time in public distributing flyers or putting up posters, the role of social media as a sociopolitical and cultural mobilizer is a clear asset.In this regard, social media also presents an opportunity for collective humanitarian action. For instance, after terrorist attacks, hospitals, doctors, and private people made calls for blood donations for the victims on social media platforms. Activists directly posted the needed blood groups and the addresses of the hospitals. Furthermore, online platforms are also an alternative when meeting in public spaces is considered dangerous or unfavorable due to the risk of suicide attacks or missing infrastructure, such as public transport, cafés, or meeting rooms.
Advertising warfare
During their regime, the Taliban strictly opposed any trappings of modernity, such as photography, TV, music, and sports. Recently, though, they have recognized the benefits of social media for their war propaganda and now use Twitter to claim responsibility for attacks. Taliban groups also use social media channels to post videos of attacks to attract followers and recruit new members. In October 2016, for example, the Taliban recorded a drone attack on the Helmand Police Headquarters. Taliban supporters generally cannot be recognized through their profile accounts, as they use aliases and photos of pretty women. However, their open comments show support for the Taliban and other insurgency groups.The demonstration of support for the Afghan National Army (ANA) shows another relation between warfare and social media. There are a number of photos on online platforms that show women presenting a red rose to ANA soldiers to encourage them and thank them for their sacrifices.
How has social media changed Afghan society?
Social media has become the first source of information for many people in Afghanistan. Whether Afghans are interested in the recent terror attacks or the latest fashion trends, they will first visit social media pages. The availability of this information leads to a process of becoming more aware of social changes. Many people in Afghanistan are now confronted with wide-ranging news that they previously were not exposed to. After all, Afghanistan and its citizens were cut off from news and world events for decades, due to ongoing conflicts and wars. The understanding of Afghanistan’s role in global politics, culture, and consumerism has thus grown. Internet access now evokes a feeling of connectedness to a world and life outside of a war-torn Afghanistan. This may lead to more interest and open-mindedness about new lifestyles, values, and opinions.Second, social media offers a private sphere for people to communicate about issues that cannot be addressed in public life. Too often, the parents or close family members of young Afghans do not allow private meetings between friends, especially if these friends are of the opposite sex. The many social restrictions – especially that women face – leave little room for one to express their personality. Social media, in this case, can provide a kind of digital safe haven for young people to communicate and freely explore aspects of their own identities. In a society where family comes before the individual, social media is clearly an asset.Keeping in mind the difficult gender relations in Afghanistan, the private sphere and the potential anonymity of the internet offer great opportunities for women. It gives them the possibility to express their opinions, wishes, and goals, and to present themselves to a certain distinguished public – actions that could be life-threatening in the offline world. Online, they can speak and comment on sensitive topics such as hijabs, religion, women’s rights, abortion, sexuality, sexual harassment, and domestic violence.Apart from a small number of well-known female activists, most Afghan women do not show their personal pictures on social media. Instead, they use Indian or Iranian popstar photos to hide their real identities. This is a safety measure, revealing that women must remain cautious, even online. However, they perceive the virtual sphere as being safer and interact online more than in real life.One very successful online campaign initiated by women has been #WhereIsMyName? (Namam Kojast?). The campaign fights for a woman’s right to have her own individual identity and to stop identifying females only in relation to men. In Afghanistan, men commonly avoid saying the names of their mothers, sisters, daughters, and wives, because this is considered dishonorable. Instead, people call women “mother of,” “sister of,” “wife of,” “daughter of.” The campaign #WhereIsMyName encourages men to use the names of their female family members.Another example of this development comes from a film about sexual harassment in Kabul, released on social media in 2013. The film, which went viral, touches on the sexualized and disrespectful treatment of Afghan women in public life, and soon sparked a debate on different online channels. Thus, the issue of women’s rights has a prominent role in public debate, and they achieved some of their demands, for example the appointment of women as ministers, the passing of laws concerning sexual harassment, and the trial of perpetrators of sexual crimes. However, it is apparent that some changes, such as social behavior and perceptions toward women’s social roles, require long-term activism.
How has social media contributed to democracy and pluralism?
Afghanistan is looking back on four decades of war. It would be naive to assume that new information technologies alone could unite divided communities and heal the deep wounds of wars. Yet, there are perceptible changes in the behaviors of Afghan citizens today. The better access to information, the establishment of communication platforms, as well as the creation of social networks are not a matter of course in Afghanistan. Sharing opinions and discussions online with people from all over the country teaches its users to learn about different perspectives, needs, and opinions. Sociopolitically active users experience fewer hierarchies in their interactions than they probably would if they worked in a government position or an NGO. Social media has provided space for individualism and created more mutual understanding through the acceptance of other standpoints.It is no exaggeration to state that social media has played a critical role in mobilizing, empowering, shaping opinions, and influencing change in Afghanistan. To a certain extent, Afghanistan has even slowly changed into a more pluralistic society. Surfing social media pages owned by Afghan users shows that experiences with this media convey values such as participation, joint decisions, and freedom of speech, thereby enhancing democratic debates. One can clearly learn from this online debating culture, which might well influence sociopolitical behavior in physical life. However, the fact that there are – and will continue to be – backlashes should not be ignored. After all, hate speech, radicalization, and online harassment are also part of daily social media use.In general, young people in Afghan society do not have a chance to assume responsibility until they become adults. For the young and politically engaged, social media can be an outlet for activism to direct public discourse and influence the political decision-making processes. The fact that the Afghan president and executive president are both active on Facebook and Twitter shows the growing importance and impact of social media in national politics and how it is becoming a relevant sphere for the development of political discourse. Governmental stakeholders seem to have recognized how best to reach out to young people, who constitute the biggest voting group in the country.In this context, social media, especially for women, poses an important step toward democratic thinking and inclusion.
The digital revolution comes to Afghanistan
The telecommunications landscape stagnated in Afghanistan for many years due to war and civil strife. The only (state-owned) television channel was put out of commission after the Taliban took control of Kabul in 1996. Fixed-line phone services were sparse, and internet connections were non-existent. Although conflict is still rife, the telecommunications sector has begun to flourish. By the end of the Taliban regime, internet users numbered in the hundreds; today it is more than 2.2 million. The state-owned television channel went back on air and, with private enterprises becoming involved, the number of channels has ballooned to more than 90. The lack of fixed-line infrastructure and the cost of installing one led Afghans to adopt the usage of mobile phones, which now have an 80 percent penetration rate. The expansion of telecommunications systems became a focal point for driving economic development. An increasing number of Afghans are turning to online bazaars for everything from electronics to vehicles and houses. For the young and educated, especially women, job searching is also done online, with email being the preferred form of communication, given the absence of a well-functioning postal service. Social media apps have also established a foothold in the country, with subscribers to Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, Telegram, and other platforms increasing day by day. Their presence is aiding progress in civil society, allowing people to follow their political interests, organize protests, mobilize strikes, and voice their opinions on various platforms.However, not everyone has welcomed this development. Having faced frequent protests concerning the deterioration of security and governmental corruption, including electoral fraud, conservative lawmakers have tried a few times to limit social media access. One example is the recent attempt to ban WhatsApp and Telegram. News of this spread swiftly over social media, and the Ministry of Communication and Information quickly backed down after a strong public outcry denouncing the attack on freedom of expression. The government, though, is embracing other aspects of the digital revolution. A «one-stop shop» (Asaan Khedmat) for common public services, government services for businesses, and auxiliary services from the private sector has been established. The goal is to improve the effificiency and effectiveness with which public services are delivered and enhance responsiveness to the needs of Afghan citizens and businesses. Its implementation is the first step toward e-governance, greater transparency, and accountability. The digital landscape in Afghanistan has a lot of catching up to do, but it is making steady progress.
Source Link: Heinrich Boell StiftungHow To Start A Logistics Business Without Money
How To Start A Logistics Business Without Money..
No one wants to get stalked trying to start a business especially when you do not have enough monies to get started with a business you would to do.
Some of the things you must have in place to get started with a business and start making money includes but not limited to the followings;
1. A Startup cash flow between N100k and above.
For just so many of these businesses, you must have at least N1,000,000
2. Rent an office space – This should be at least N350K
3. Furnish the office – An average of N200k would be just for the simple startup
4. Hire at least 2 or 3 staff and be ready with at least N500k on the average for 6 months, hoping you can break even.
5. Get a car, a motorcycle or some sort of mobility that can get you to & fro places you would like to visit and deliver your services.
The fact is, the list is endless.
So, I wouldn’t want to bore you any further.
But what if you have the opportunity to get started without investing this enormous amounts of cash except just 3 things.
1. You Time
2. Your Head
3. You (I mean your desire, emotions, energy etc.) – Just You What if that’s all you’ve got to put in?
In this video, I share the exact steps you need to get started without money.
And then, when you start making monies, you can go big by blowing it up with all other fanciful things.
For your information, this is not just about saying something that’s not practicable.
I have done it time and times again.
If you loved this video, please give a thumbs up by hitting the Like Button and just leave a comment.
You can Like my Page for more on this…… Tim Abel
I will see you again shortly.
Best Regards.
Facebook: Tim Abel?
Instagram: @TimAbelx
Twitter: TimAbelx?
You can also call in on this show with the Number +234 802 794 1987 or send a WhatsApp Message
Also visit our website for more on this show –Inside the Cvent Marketing Machine
Congrats to our partners at Cvent for making the cover of Meetings Net for their amazing work on Cvent CONNECT this year!
Cvent’s attendance for their annual user conference more than doubled in attendance this year, going from fewer than 200 attendees in 2012 to around 2,300 this past June. While Cvent says the growth is due to a higher demand for education about technology in the events industry, it’s also credit to their meticulous planning process, which ensures that the event mirrors the company’s goals for its software platform: Providing tools to plan an authentic, educational, fun and seamless attendee journey before, during, and after an event.
For Cvent, it’s all about the attendee experience, surveying their customers regularly to determine what they’re looking for in both the platform and the event. And they used that valuable insight to power a meeting that 95 percent of this year’s CONNECT attendees said they wanted to come back for in 2016.
The stakes are incredibly high when you’re planning an event for professional meeting planners, which is why AV Concepts helped Cvent create an immersive experience that wowed presenters and attendees alike this year. In the general session room, AV Concepts displayed a 250-ft curved projection screen that garnered rave reviews from presenters, and ignited a social media frenzy from attendees who were blown away by the experience.
Watch the video below to learn more, and check out the Meetings Net article for a sneak peek inside the “Cvent Marketing Machine” to learn what went into the planning process of their annual user conference.
Connect with Us
Reach out to learn more! How can we help at your next event?The hardcore way to eat ramen noodles:
1. Boil water
2. Eat block of ramen
3. Drink boiled water
4. Snort flavored powder
5. Fuck bitches
----------------------------------------------
A guy with a gun enters a bar.
"Who the fuck had sex with my wife?" he snarled.
A voice was heard in the background, "You don't have enough bullets, mate!"
----------------------------------------------
The 21st century.
When deleting history is more important than making it.The truth that I also appear as if a shapely 13-year-old possibly does not assist your cause.
Heres my sweetheart folks
However, Im a pure. And Im maybe not quickly to thrust that away. And fairly disturbingly, this has greatly influenced our dating knowledge in college or university. Yes, some men discover this around and determine Im perhaps not well worth the complications.
Certainly, this really is shocking. A 22-year-old elderly in college that hasnt received sex is indeed not regular. Really an outlier. A sexual outlier. And now that the audience is on the great shock about this
According with the stores for problem controls and Prevention, the typical young age Us americans get rid of their own virginities (determined in this article as genital sexual activity) are 17.1 for both both males and females. The CDC also states that virgins make 12.3 per cent of females and 14.3 per cent of men aged 20 to 24. That amounts falls below 5 per cent both for men and women virgins aged 25 to 29
This Could Be from a piece of writing by Jon Fortenbury called On Late-In-Life Virginity Control.
In an our society enthusiastic about intercourse exactly how was I expected to play competitively with women our generation?
But permit me to clarify myself. But dont imagine the stereotypical cant get put or super-religious assumptions about myself. This is certainly my alternatives. Im not anticipating nuptials simply because thats the very first concern i obtain expected. Im basically waiting for a good man value my own time. Currently recognizing solutions.
Or if perhaps Im extremely fortunate I have expected if Im a lesbian. Thanks a lot to my own Aunt Robin for inquiring myself this on Christmas in 2012.
So simple options are regarded as a mark. Mathematically, should you didnt have intercourse in your teenage years, youre for the section. Im the previous single virgin throughout my friend cluster.
An ucertain future character are, once I tell visitors, they dont trust in me. These include thoroughly amazed, similar Im sure you happen to be aswell. Im a really vocal, amusing, girl. Thus using a personality evidently impacts on my ideas underneath the strip.
My personal secondly partner and also the derpiest face on tape.
Every single time I attempt to get started an intimate romance, there often appear the time any time getting to know oneself relates to the erotic pasts. That we dont have actually. And informing some guy this is frightening.
Were all the way up later nevertheless speaking and being understand friends for the reason that it tiny spark do you have. Im lying-in simple mattress by doing so dumb laugh back at my face before the concept I fear arises. However drop the blast and my favorite cardio quits. Often its a flat-out package breaker, sometimes they rest and say theyre perhaps not moving just about anywhere. But frequently they manage. At full-speed. In just about any course but my own.
Our very own hyper sex-related community causes my number of being a pure haywire. Unattractive. Think about the motion pictures weve started viewing since 90s. Gender in twelfth grade is actually critical. The popular 1999 production North american cake suggests that getting rid of your very own virginity late is your freshman yr of university. Properly i assume Im screwed (pun not just intended) based on those values.
Water courage at times demanded.
So heres the things I mastered attending college:
1. Yourself, your choice. A person dont need certainly to go through the guests in terms of your very own morals.
2. advising the facts weeds out the shitheads. Planning your own limits up for grabs usually takes applicants definitely not worthy of some time through your life.
3. gender isnt fancy. And Im likely maintain holding out until they coexist.
4. Simply being individual is not that awful. Yeah, they becomes form of lonely in some cases. But I have zero additional worry or interruptions.
5. we concerned school to master. I didnt drop by university to savor ragers and casual sexual intercourse. Considercarefully what you really should end up being targeting in school.Large-size nanoelectronics via additive manufacturing
Our ability to continuously downscale critical dimensions of the silicon transistor has proven extremely successful over the past sixty years in increasing the computational power of modern day microelectronics. The extraordinary developments have been achieved through a virtuous cycle of scientific and engineering breakthroughs which have led to the proliferation of a variety of electronic technologies with extraordinary impact on our society and personal lives. However, adopting silicon’s approach of size-downscaling to emerging technologies such as large-area electronics, and their implementation in the ever expanding range of emerging applications, has proven challenging both in terms of technology and economics. In this talk I will discuss recent work from our laboratory in downscaling emerging forms of large-area electronics and their use in various applications including sensing, energy harvesting and telecommunication. Emphasis will be placed on the use of advanced materials and alternative fabrication paradigms.
Flexible Electronics and Sensors: One Advocate’s Perspective
In this talk I will review the following topics to describe what, to me, are the key periods in the creation, development, current status, and possible future directions of flexible sensors and electronics.
- Context for Flex Electronics & Sensors
- The electronics industry in the 80s and 90s and organic electronics.
- Early Motivations
- What were some of the applications envisioned?
- When/Where Does Printing Fit In
- Could it provide a possible paradigm shift in fabrication technology?
- Early Challenges & Limitations
- What bottlenecks limited the successful implementation?
- Early Successes
- Setbacks, yes. But technical and commercial successes too!
- Current Status
- Progress being made, but challenges remain.
- Opportunities and Future Directions
- Changing electronics landscape suggests —– ?
Intelligent Packing by printing sensors on paper
Smart packaging and smart labels represent a huge potential market nowadays, and with the willingness to minimize the impact on environment and to target a circular economy, I will explain why printed electronics on paper is a good alternative versus other approaches.
In this talk, I will present the different strategies to manufacture smart packaging and review the different sensors that could be printed (temperature, pressure, humidity, open detection, bending, pH …) and how we can connect it, power it and get the data. Already commercialized examples will be given as well as research programs. The recyclability will also be analyzed on 2 real examples for a shock detection tags and an anticounterfeiting label on paper.According.
My last post covered the elements. This one explains how the principles work. If the elements are the tools or “raw ingredients” of interior design, the principles are the recipe. Balance, rhythm, harmony…in design these terms explain how various visual components relate to one another and why we find them so appealing!
Balance (symmetrical, asymmetrical and radial) refers to the equal distribution of weight, size or bulk of an object or space on an axis in an aesthetically pleasing composition. Symmetrical balance, also none as formal or passive balance, happens when one side of something is the exact same as the other half: a mirror image. This type of balance can be seen in a pair of scones flanking a painting above a fireplace; two candlesticks flanking a centerpiece on a dining room table; or two exterior light fixtures flanking a front door. It is helpful to use this type of balance when attempting to place importance on an object, such as the painting or the front door.
Asymmetrical balance, also referred to informal or active balance, is differing objects arranged along an axis, equal distance apart but of equal weight or bulk. It is still balanced but with items or components that are different from one another.. If done right, a space with any of these types of balance will calm you while spaces without balance can make you feel unexplainably uncomfortable.
Rhythm (repetition, progression, transition, contrast) is a principle that suggests movement so it often refers to the transition of patterns (as in fabric and wallpaper) and the flow of rooms in the confines of one home.
Repetition is the simplest way to create rhythm and is done by repeating any of the elements above (line, color, pattern, etc.) in a repetitive, consistent way.
Progression is creating rhythm through gradual yet regular changes of size or color.
Transition in rhythm “gently” leads the eye in a continuous, uninterrupted way from one area to another.
Contrast is a type of rhythm in which shapes, styles or colors are placed in purposeful opposition of one another to create excitement and visual interest.
Emphasis is used as a way to call attention to a preferred focal point or as a way to “anchor” a space. Color and scale are two great ways to create emphasis.
Scale refers to the proportions between two or more objects. The scale of our homes and furnishings are particularly important for instance, the seat of a chair and the counters in a kitchen or bathroom must be within the right height to be convenient.
Harmony (variety and unity) is created by the repletion of design elements like color, texture and shape. Unity combines elements to make a balanced interior.
Tomorrow we will explore ways to make a home more comfy and how to combine styles and eras.
Hope you can make it!
Also, if you want to dive even deeper into design and wellness download my five freebies on topics ranging from design; a healthy lifestyle; managing your thoughts; and taking excellent care of yourself with chronic pain.
and Creating Self Care Spaces for Women With Arthritis, a chapter from my first book.»
If you've ever been touring in a convertible, you know that while the open air can be thrilling, it also leaves you with a greater sense of vulnerability. But sunburns and frizzy hair are only part of it; the turbulence battering your ears all day, combined with road noise, could actually lead to...Read More»
_4<<
With a new Coupe Concept already revealed, and a BMW X1-based crossover in the works, MINI needs another follow for its unique cult of speed. The next convert--actually, a convertible--arrives today at the 2009 Frankfurt Auto Show in the form of the 2009 MINI Roadster Concept. All but...Read More»
»
We...Read More»
You've got to hand it to Tesla: the company does a great job of staying in the headlines. Sometimes, that's for laudable things--like the opening of the company's first European showroom, or receiving a sizeble loan from the Department of Energy. Then again, sometimes it's because the company's CEO...Read More»
. It's fair enough to assume the...Read More»
_14<<_16<<»
Going 'round in circles -- Congrats to stuntman Steve Truglia for clearing the world's largest loop-the-loop in a Toyota. We hope to replicate this feat someday in TCC's vintage Ford Escort. Thank you, Steve, for giving us hope. [DailyMail via AutoMotto] Rumor mill #1 -- Rumor has it that Lexus is...Read More»
We...Read More»Adjustable Loans, Fixed Loans, Lo-Doc loans, Bridging Loans
Car Loans
Truck loans, Equipment Finance, Business Loans
Commercial Finance
Commercial Building Finance and Developing Finance
Reward Yourself
Save MoneyHelp CharitiesPay Debt off Quicker
Download Benefits App
Download Benefits App
Fast Unsecured Business Loans
We state “yes” regardless if the financial institution say “no”
FAST Unsecured Loans
- Obtain an approval that is indicative a short while
- Less expensive compared to banks that are major
- Effortless & online
Which type of Finance do you want?
Mortgages
Why don’t consult with an EZ Finance expert very very first, or visit our FORMS DIRECTORY tab in the webpage to seize some info that is great.
Commercial and Loans.
Commercial and Busines loans are very specific as well as perhaps also harder to have given that banking institutions and loan providers have actually tightened up their policies to cut back their risk. The good thing is, that lots of other brand brand NEW players are comming in to the Finance that is commercial space week using their very very own various collection of instructions which may be more desirable to your requirements. Contact an EZFinance consultant to see payday loans Virginia how you qualify today!
Truck and car Loans.
There are numerous choices with regards to car finance and you also should be actually careful that you simply do not get “Ripped Off”. As with any finance, your overall finances will determine which kind of loan you could be eligible for. Whether you have got good credit or credit that is bad PAYG or one-man shop; EZFinance have actually many different solutions. As EZFinance are Finance particular (all we do is finance) we now have a really big panel of various banking institutions and lenders from where to utilize to. We also provide some info that is good “car yard” finance in our FORMS DIRECTORY on our webpage.
Gear Finance
Various types of loans can be found to match both brand brand brand new and utilized items, which range from easy loans that are unsecured more complex loans that enable you to definitely handle taxation, gearing and repayments.
The finance technique you decide on depends on a wide range of factors, including whether or perhaps not you are holding current company or debt that is personal. Most of the time, it is far better to settle individual financial obligation first, minimizing individual debt whenever possible.
Developing Finance
Once the planet’s economic economies went into “melt-down” due to the worldwide Financial Crisis (GFC), among the most difficult sectors to obtain finance happens to be with major construction and development tasks. What is now more appropriate throughout the last year or two is the fact that “the financing sources produce the guidelines, plus in purchase you and I have to work within the rules” for you to receive funding,.
Regional Banking Institutions and Loan Providers:
Banking institutions and lending institutions within Australia have actually tightened up their financing policies and instructions to a level where their danger has reached a minimum that is absolute it comes down to lending cash on major development and construction jobs. This will allow it to be very hard certainly for a designer to obtain the finance they should undertake several of those big tasks. What exactly are among the factors that are main banks and financing organizations try to find?
Fast Unsecured Loans
It really is free – it’s “EZ” – it is fast
Our signature loans are easy, fast and versatile, with interest prices as much as 4% less than the top four banks! (terms and conditions use) the mortgage term is as much as 5 years for loan quantities between $5,000 and $35,000 plus the loan function may be for any such thing worthwhile!
Our online application is very simple and that is quick just takes a few momemts to use
Please complete all areas below and click CONTACT US NOW for those who have an enquiry or GET APPROVED NOW to complete an online application
Url to Stamp Duty Charges
Mortgage Loan Repayment Calculator
Types Directory
Hunting for a Rapid Loan under $10,000?
Url to Stamp Duty Charges
Types Directory
Hunting for a Rapid Loan under $10,000?
WHAT FOLKS declare REGARDING United States
“There are times in life whenever you simply feel all hope is fully gone and there is absolutely no way to revive or hang on to what you’d previously. We were going right on through one of these brilliant right instances when you fell into our lap and provided us hope. After being told through numerous organizations there was clearly no feasible assistance for our financial hardships, I became prepared in order to stop trying. Then after one fast telephone call with you all hope was restored! You told us you might assist, you told us that which you could do you could have it done by for us and when. You kept us when you look at the cycle by constantly upgrading us through the process that is entire. You’re constantly easily contactable as well as your friendly attitude that is positive me personally at simplicity. We have never met anybody, (especially with regards to accessing funds! ) with such a can perform mindset. We now have placed these funds to good usage and are searching ahead into the future with brand brand new found positive attitudes, we have been extremely excited and grateful we are able to begin once again with no anxiety of economic burden. ”
Michael Ryder from Ezfinance had been great with assisting us secure our first and home that is second. He made us feel extremely comfortable and absolutely nothing ended up being ever a challenge. He could be very professional and very friendly. We recommend him to anybody hunting for the most useful finance possible on the mortgage. We can not many thanks sufficient Michael.
We had been introduced Peter’s title via my moms and dads who provided a fantastic report regarding their solutions together with the company.
We opt for Peter to simply help us manage to purchase our next home; to which we now have effectively relocated.
We cannot thank Peter sufficient when it comes to time and effort and numerous countless telephone telephone telephone calls from myself about the procedure and documents.
We recommend Peter to all the our house and buddies for his or her economic requirements.
In future, as soon as we are obtaining loans or require advice that is financial may be calling Peter once more to have their suggestions about the situation/s.Regus Teams Up With Vanguard
Service office providers Regus, have teamed up with Vanguard and will be opening a new business centre adjacent to Vanguard Self Storage.
Regus are recognised as leaders in the provision of serviced offices, they have 1,500 serviced office locations spread across 100 countries and over 100 of these in the UK.
The new business centre will provide offices in a range of sizes which will be available for short or long term use. Many fledgling businesses start out in serviced offices and the new centre is an endorsement of the brightening economic picture, both locally and nationally. The fact that the new Regus centre is immediately adjacent to the Vanguard Storage Centre means that it provides business users with the opportunity to use both office space and storage space within the same complex.
Work is already underway to prepare the new Regus centre which will open in the spring. Enquiries as to the availability of office space can be made directly to Regus via this link:
Vanguard Self Storage is ideally situated to assist business users, in addition to providing storage space we provide logistics services such mechanical handling and product management.Create an Account - Increase your productivity, customize your experience, and engage in information you care about.
Purpose
The purpose of the Public Safety Property Re-Use Working Group is to provide community leaders and Ipswich residents with a variety of potential uses for the existing Police Station building and parcel located at 15 Elm Street and Fire Station building and parcel located at 55 Central Street should the Town vote to support the construction of a new combined Public Safety Building on Pineswamp Road.
Goal
Develop the best potential uses for the existing Police and Fire Station buildings and parcels to be presented to the Select Board prior to the 2022 Annual Town Meeting.
ObjectivesLog in if you have an account
By creating an account with our store, you will be able to move through the checkout process faster, store multiple addresses, view and track your orders in your account, and more.Create an account
Design Yamazaki Yoshiki
Made in Japan
Dimensions Length 14cm
Material Brass, Sakura Japanese cherry wood
Designed by YAMAZAKI Yoshiki, this is a wick trimmer made of brass and solid SAKURA (Japanese cherry) wood. The handle is wooden, making it less heat-conductive - a comfortable feature for the user. When placed, the wooden handle sits horizontally, making the tip of the trimmer tilted upward. It is therefore designed not to stain the table with soot. One can trim the wick without feeling much heat as the grip is situated away from the tip of the trimmer.
Daiyo, with over one hundred years of history, is committed to making genuine Japanese candles and accessories using natural and environmentally sustainable materials.Romantic suspense fiction
Resource Information
The form Romantic suspense fiction represents a specific category or genre of resources found in Evanston Public Library.
The Resource
Romantic suspense fiction
Resource Information
The form Romantic suspense fiction represents a specific category or genre of resources found in Evanston Public Library.
- Label
- Romantic suspense fiction
ContextContext of Romantic suspense fiction
Genre of
No resources found
No enriched resources found
- 'Scuse me while I kill this guy
- 'Til death do us part
- 'Til morning light
- A Christmas message : a novel
- A SEAL never quits
- A SEAL never quits
- A castaway in Cornwall
- A covert affair
- A cry in the dark
- A cup of light
- A dangerous fiction : a novel
- A dangerous game
- A dangerous game
- A dangerous game
- A death in summer
- A death in summer : a novel
- A desperate fortune
- A desperate fortune
- A gilded lady
- A good man is hard to find
- A good man is hard to find
- A good year
- A good year
- A lady's guide to mischief and murder
- A long fatal love chase
- A marked man
- A matter of circumstance
- A most extraordinary pursuit
- A perfect obsession
- A place called Rainwater
- A place in the country
- A seal in wolf's clothing
- A season of miracles
- A serving of scandal
- A sight for sore eyes : a novel
- A sparkle of silver
- A theft
- A walk in the wood
- ADDICTED TO YOU
- Absolutely, positively
- Acceptable risk
- Accidental heroes : a novel
- Accidental heroes : a novel
- After midnight
- Against the fire
- Against the tide
- Agent undercover
- Agnes & the hitman
- Agnes and the hitman
- All I want
- All jacked up
- All night long
- All of me
- All the colors of night
- All the queen's men
- All the queen's men
- Allegiance of honor
- Alma de mujer
- Alone in the dark
- Alone in the dark
- Along the infinite sea
- Along the infinite sea : a novel
- Alpha one
- Always
- Always Unique
- An accidental affair
- An unforgettable lady
- Anathema
- Angels fall
- Angels fall
- Another view
- Archangel's consort
- Are you afraid of the dark?
- Arrogant bastard
- At Wolf Ranch : a Montana men novel
- At any cost
- At his mercy
- Atomic love
- Awaken the darkness
- Awakened
- Backlash
- Bad attitude
- Bad deeds
- Bad deeds
- Bad men and wicked women
- Bad men and wicked women
- Bad moon rising
- Bad things
- Badlands
- Bayou hero
- Beachcomber
- Beautiful sacrifice
- Beautiful sacrifice
- Beautiful sacrifice
- Beauty and the bodyguard
- Because of you
- Because you're mine
- Because you're mine
- Bed of roses
- Before I met you : a novel
- Before I wake
- Before I wake
- Before nightfall
- Before we were wicked
- Before we were wicked
- Being me
- Bellewether
- Beneath Copper Falls
- Beneath Copper Falls
- Beneath the surface
- Betrayal
- Beyond limits
- Beyond reason
- Beyond the limit
- Big Easy temptation
- Black Hills
- Black iris
- Black sands
- Blackout
- Blind betrayal
- Blind date
- Blind date
- Blind faith
- Blind spot
- Blood brothers
- Blue moon
- Blue smoke and murder
- Blue smoke and murder
- Body movers
- Boneyard Ridge
- Borders of the heart
- Born wild
- Borrower of the night
- Bound by hatred
- Bound to danger
- Bounty hunter
- Brazen virtue
- Breach of trust
- Breaking point
- Breaking point : a novel
- Breaking the rules : a novel
- Breathless
- Bridegroom bodyguard
- Bridge to Haven
- Bridge to haven
- Brighter than the sun
- Brighter than the sun
- Brilliant
- Broken
- Broken
- Burden of proof
- Buried secrets : a novel
- Burn
- Burn : a novel
- Burn in Hail
- Burn it up : a desert dogs novel/
- Burning lamp
- Cadaver & queen
- Call after midnight
- Call to redemption
- Canyons of night
- Captain Jack's woman
- Captured soul
- Caressed by ice
- Carnal innocence
- Carnal innocence
- Carolina moon
- Catching the wind
- Catching the wind
- Caught in the light : a novel
- Cavanaugh strong
- Ceremony in death
- Chasing fire
- Chasing fire
- Chasing shadows
- Children of vice
- Chill factor
- Christmas cover-up
- Circle of desire
- Claim me : a novel
- Close contact
- Close up
- Closer than she knows
- Closer than you think
- Cody Walker's woman
- Cold aim
- Cold aim
- Cold blooded
- Cold case at Cobra Creek
- Cold day in July
- Cold hearted
- Cold malice
- Cold pursuit
- Cold secrets
- Cold shot
- Collateral Damage
- Collusion
- Come back to me
- Come sundown
- Come sundown
- Command performance
- Complete me
- Complete me : a novel
- Conspiracy
- Conspiracy
- Consumed : a novel
- Copper Beach
- Cougars
- Country plot
- Courage under fire
- Covert game
- Cowboy of interest
- Crash into you
- Creation in death
- Critical care
- Crocodile on the Sandbank
- Cry no more
- Crystal gardens
- Cuando te encuentre
- Cunning
- Curious minds
- Currency
- Curse the dark
- Damage
- Damage control : a Dirty money novel
- Dance of the gods
- Dance upon the air
- Danger in numbers
- Danger on the mountain
- Dangerous
- Dangerous boys and their toy
- Dangerous consequences
- Dangerous depths
- Dangerous games
- Dangerous games : a novel
- Dangerous illusions
- Dangerous minds
- Dare to lie
- Dark ambitions
- Dark blood
- Dark carousel
- Dark celebration : a Carpathian reunion
- Dark clouds shining
- Dark lycan
- Dark peril
- Dark peril : a Carpathian novel
- Dark possession : a Carpathian novel
- Dark predator
- Dark promises
- Dark rites
- Dark shadows : wolf moon rising
- Dark shadows, Heiress of Collinwood
- Dark slayer
- Dark storm
- Dark summer
- Dark taste of rapture
- Dark wolf
- Darkest at dawn : a Carpathian reunion
- Darkest before dawn
- Darkest journey
- Darkest journey
- Darkness
- Daughter of deceit
- Dead by midnight
- Dead by morning
- Dead drift
- Dead on the dance floor
- Dead silence
- Deadline
- Deadline
- Deadly deceit
- Deadly embrace
- Deadly embrace
- Deadly fate
- Deadly gamble
- Deadly hunt
- Deadly isle
- Deadly night
- Deadly proof
- Deadly proof
- Deadly touch
- Deadly touch
- Death and the girl next door
- Death angel : a novel
- Death echo
- Death overdue
- Death wears a beauty mask : and other stories
- Deception
- Deception Cove
- Deception Lake
- Declan's Cross
- Deep freeze
- Defender's instinct
- Delayed justice
- Depredador oscuro
- Desperado
- Desperate girls
- Devil and the deep
- Devil and the deep
- Devil may care
- Did you miss me?
- Die for you
- Die for you : a novel
- Dirtiest secret
- Dirty little lies
- Disarming detective
- Divine evil
- Divine evil
- Divine evil
- Divorced, desperate and dating
- Divorced, desperate, and dating
- Do or die
- Do or die
- Don't cry
- Don't keep silent
- Don't look
- Don't look back
- Don't look now
- Don't tell
- Double vision
- Dragonwyck
- Dreamboat
- Dreaming death
- Dreaming death
- Earthly possessions
- Echo Lake
- Echoes at dawn
- Edge of danger
- Edge of darkness
- El desafio oscuro
- El hombre perfecto
- El juego de la mente
- Elect
- Energized
- Enthralled
- Entrapment
- Envy
- Envy
- Ever after : a Nantucket brides novel
- Ever after : a Nantucket brides novel
- Every last breath
- Every last breath
- Every other weekend
- Exclusive
- Exiled
- Expect the sunrise
- Exposed
- Exposed : a Madame X novel
- Extreme exposure
- Fade to black
- Falling awake
- Falling in deeper
- False pretenses
- Fan the flames
- Fast and loose
- Fast track
- Fat Tuesday
- Fatal burn
- Fatal frost
- Fatal mistake : a novel
- Fatal reckoning
- Field of graves
- Filthy rich
- Final truth : a novel of suspense
- Fingersmith
- Fire and ice
- Fire and ice : a novel
- Fire dancer
- First grave on the right
- First impressions
- Flashpoint
- Flawless
- Flawless
- Flawless
- Flight risk
- Forbidden Highlander
- Force of nature : a novel
- Forever
- Forged in Steele
- Friction
- Friction : a novel
- From this moment
- From this moment
- Fuel for fire
- Fuel for fire
- Fuerza de mujer
- Full blast
- Full bloom
- Full house
- Full house
- Full house
- Full moon rising
- Full scoop
- Full speed
- Full throttle
- Full throttle
- Full tilt
- Garden of lies
- Genuine lies
- Genuine lies
- Get a clue
- Ghost moon
- Ghost night
- Ghost shadow
- Ghost walk
- Giants' bread : a novel of romance and suspense
- Give it all : a desert dogs novel/
- Given
- Glimmer
- Go to Hail
- God's gift to women
- Golden in death
- Golden shores
- Good earl gone bad
- Grand passion
- Greygallows
- Guardian ranger
- Guardian's grace
- Guarding Gwen
- Guilty
- Gun dealers' daughter : a novel
- Gypsy king
- Happily ever after
- Hard and fast
- Hard as ice
- Hard justice
- Hard light
- Hard rules
- Hard rustler
- Hard target
- Harm done
- Haunted
- Haunted destiny
- Haunted destiny
- Haven of swans
- Headed for trouble
- Heart of steel
- Heart of the hustle
- Heartbreaker
- Heartbreaker
- Heartbreaker
- Heat seeker
- Hell for Leather : Black Knights Inc
- Hell or high water : a Deep Six novel
- Her dark half
- Her fierce warrior
- Her last whisper : a novel
- Her lucky cowboy : a Montana men novel
- Her stolen past
- Her true match
- Her wild hero
- Heron's Cove
- Hidden agendas
- Hidden peril
- Hidden riches
- Hidden sins
- Hidden star
- Hide and seek, #1
- Hide from evil
- Hideaway
- Hideaway
- High noon
- High noon
- High noon
- High tide
- High treason
- Holding strong
- Holiday amnesia
- Holiday hideout
- Homeport
- Honor
- Hostage to pleasure
- Hostile intent
- Hot and badgered
- Hot ice
- Hot ice
- Hot pursuit
- Hot pursuit : a Sugarland blue novel
- Hotshot
- Hotshot
- Houses of stone
- Hover
- How to entice an earl
- Hunted
- Hunter's moon
- Hush : a thriller
- I am Justice
- If I should die : a novel of suspense
- If tomorrow comes
- If you hear her
- Illusion town
- Illusion town
- Imperfect justice
- Impostor's lure
- Impulse
- In a heartbeat
- In close
- In harm's way
- In his keeping : a slow burn novel
- In rides trouble
- In sunlight and in shadow
- In the shadow of Lakecrest
- In the shadow of evil
- In their footsteps
- In too deep
- In too deep
- Inked
- Instant temptation
- Intimate
- Into the whirlwind
- Invitation to Provence
- Irish gold
- Irish king
- Jamaica Inn
- Jane Steele : a confession
- Jane Steele : a confession
- Just one touch : a slow burn novel
- Justice
- Keep her safe : a novel
- Keep me closer
- Keep me safe : a Slow burn novel
- Keeper of the bride
- Keeper's Reach
- Kill for me
- Killer Colton Christmas
- Killer secrets : [a novel]
- King's ransom
- Kiss of snow
- Kiss of snow
- Kissing Christmas goodbye
- Kissing Christmas goodbye : an Agatha Raisin mystery
- Labyrinth of lies
- Lake news : a novel
- Land of the afternoon sun
- Last girl standing
- Last kiss
- Last kiss goodnight
- Last to die
- Late for the wedding
- Late for the wedding
- Law man : a Dream man novel
- Lawless
- Lawless
- Lay it down : a desert dogs novel
- Leap of faith
- Legacy
- Lenin's roller coaster
- Let it burn
- Lethal
- Lethal : a novel
- Lethal deception
- Lethal intentKenzo Tange and Hiroshima: Obsession with the Axis in Tange’s Urban Planning (1950s)
For Tange, the origin of the urban planning is the development of temples and axes instead of the development of houses. In his teaching transcript in Tokyo University, he showed great admiration of the beauty of processional axis leading to the temples in ancient Greece [1] [2]while criticizing illegible urban street layout where zoning is not adopted. In his ideas, axis is an essential component in urban planning, functioning not only as physical connection but more meaningful as a symbolic connection.
Such idea can be seen in Tange’s earlier design of the Greater East Asian Co-Prosperity Sphere (a prototype of the Peace Memorial Park) where a highway is included as an axis to connect Mount Fuji and the Imperial Palace in central Tokyo as an expression of the state power of Japan. [Fig 1]
Tange’s idea of a city axis culminated in the design of the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park. In the plan of the park, which situates at the heart of the city, there are two perpendicular axes. According to Tange’s assistant Sachio Otani （大谷幸夫）at that time, the east-west and north-south axis are used to create the affinity to nature as the geography of Hiroshima is defined by both the Chugoku Mountains lying east to west as and the Ota River running north to south[3]. Later as the east-west axis had been set as the Peace Boulevard and North-south axis the alignment of the museum, cenotaph and the a-bomb dome, the axis was more meaningful for constructing Hiroshima as a Factory of Peace (平和の工場) [Fig 2]. The axis became a symbolic connection between the traumatic past and the future and between monumentality and peace-making. With the north-south axis extending to the other side of the river to the a-bomb dome and later to the Central Park, the axis was no longer axis of the park, it became axis of the city.
[1] Saikaku, Toyokawa, The Core System and Social Scale: Design Methodology at the Tange Laboratory, Kenzo Tange Architecture for the World, 2002, 15-18
[2] “As public men, [our forefathers] gave us buildings and objects of such beauty and grandeur, in the temples which they built and the offerings which they dedicated in them, that no room has been left for any of those that come after to surpass them” –Tange
[3] Mizukawa, Kyosuke. Architect says Kenzo Tange designed Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park with “Sense of Remorses”, The Chukoku Shimbun, 2009-07-02
Bibliography
千代章一郎，丹下健三による「広島平和公園計画」の構想過程,日本建築学会計画論文集, 2013-11,78-693, 2409-2416
Mizukawa, Kyosuke. Architect says Kenzo Tange designed Hiroshima Peace Memorial Park with “Sense of Remorses”, The Chukoku Shimbun, 2009-07-02
Saikaku, Toyokawa, The Core System and Social Scale: Design Methodology at the Tange Laboratory, Kenzo Tange Architecture for the World, (Zurich: Lars Muller, 2002)
The total narratives illustrated the background, the significance and the planning process of the masterpiece along the time of Tange and through which his key planning thoughts and belief: axis and functionalism were introduced. Moreover, the responds of the public at that time to his planning scheme was also mentioned and discussed.
However, the social context of Hiroshima and the Peace Memorial Park could be described and let us know the deep reason of this planning for its emergence and evolution process, beyond the introduction of form and its metaphor. Moreover, at the end many housing estates were constructed instead of the original planning, but you also said government ignored the housing project in the following posts. Could you try to make it clear? Thank you.
It’s surprising how axes of a park ruled a city. Perhaps this serves as an illustration to Tange’s consummate techniques in urban planning, as he managed to extend his influence from a park to the entire city through the placing of monumentality onto the park. Axes and symbolism are definitely the way of achieving that. Though the social side of the Peace Memorial Park project is comparatively weak (or perhaps just overshadowed by its architectural significance), I do agree that achievement comes with compromise. The monumental and educational meaning of the park can already make huge social impact.READY TO TAKE THE NEXT STEP? Book a Demo Have a question? Contact us! First Name Last Name Email What are you interested in dicussing Select one >> I am a current client Interested in becoming a client I'm an individual investor Media inquiry/press opportunity Strategic Partnerships Career Opportunities with Arbor Digital Something Else How did you find us? Select one >> Search Engine Email Instagram Asset (r)Evolution Podcast Webinar Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Press Release Word of Mouth Message SUBMITAs the most awarded SUV ever, the 2021 Jeep Grand Cherokee L offers something unique from previous models. With the addition of the third row, you now have more room for the family.
Select from four trim levels: Limited, Overland, Summit, and Summit Reserve.
While the 2021 Jeep Grand Cherokee L still includes the traditional Jeep styling with the trapezoidal wheel arches, it has been updated with a new seven-slot grille and a geometric-shaped fascia. LED lighting brightens your way as you open up the available sunroof for added natural light. Inside is all about luxury and comfort with available leather seats and ambient LED lighting.
Find the right climate for each passenger with quad-zone temperature control. Feel revived after a long drive when you relax in the 16-way power driver seat with back massage. Available heated and ventilated second-row seats will make your passengers happy as well.
Always be connected with Android Auto or Apple CarPlay for your smartphone. Uconnect 5 NAV is available to help you find your way and to keep you informed and entertained. All your sounds come through crystal clear with the 19-speaker McIntosh premium audio system.
Experience the capability of the 2021 Jeep Grand Cherokee L with your choice of two engines. Both engines are paired with TorqueFlite eight-speed automatic transmission on precise handling. Selec-Terrain Traction Management System allows you to adjust to meet the needs of the terrain. Don’t forget the RV or a trailer with a maximum tow rating of 7200 pounds.
2021 Jeep Grand Cherokee L Engines
- 3.6L Pentastar V6: 290 horsepower with 257 lb.-ft of torque
- 5.7L V8 VVT: 357 horsepower with 390 lb.-ft of torque
To learn more about the 2021 Jeep Grand Cherokee L and how it can fit your family, visit St. Albert Dodge for a test drive.This past weekend, 24-year-old Lalela Mswane walked away with the coveted Miss South Africa 2021 title at the Grand West Arena in Cape Town.
Mswane walked away with a R4 million prize package, which includes the use of a fully-furnished apartment in Sandton, a Mercedes Benz C-Class Sedan for the year of her reign, and R1 million in cash.
Apart from her gorgeous looks and her smart mind that stole the hearts of the judges, Mswane has achieved a lot before being crowned Miss SA.
READ MORE | Miss SA top 10 finalist Kgothatso Dithebe on entering the pageant again
Here are 5 things you should know about her.
1. She has a law degree
Lalela Mswane holds a Bachelor of Law Degree from the University of Pretoria. She graduated in record time in 2019.
2. She is a ballet dancer
Lalela is a professional dancer. She specialises in ballet dancing and started her dancing career at the age of nine.
3. She started her modelling career at 16
Mswane is also a professional model who is signed to Alushi Models. She started her modelling career at the age of 16 and booked her first billboard a year later for DStv. In 2020, she became the face of David Tlale’s fragrance, Exotic.
4. She sucked her thumb until she turned 18
According to the Miss SA website, Lalela sucked her thumb for the first 18 years of her life. Speaking to Sowetan Live about this, she said that sucking her thumb was comforting for her.
“I just found comfort in it to a point where I was dependent on it and I couldn’t even fall asleep without sucking my thumb. I stopped after I fell asleep without doing it and I didn’t die,” she told the publication.
5. Her late father was a minister and diplomat
Mswane is the daughter of Muntu Mswane, an Eswatini-born minister and diplomat who passed away in 2010 when she was 13 years old.#How To
How to plant a tree
When children draw a house, there is usually a tree next to it – it is simply a must. And indeed, every garden owner will probably plant a tree or large shrub at some point. Not only does it look good, it also creates a good microclimate, especially on hot summer days. With the following tips, the often expensive plants will take root for sure.
When to plant trees?
Bare-root woody plants are only available for a few weeks a year, mainly in autumn and spring. Baled plants are available for somewhat longer. These factors determine the planting time, as both types cannot be stored. Spring or autumn are also ideal for container trees with a theoretically year-round planting period: the tree takes roots more easily due to the higher humidity than in summer; temperatures are still moderate in autumn or have already returned to moderate levels. The ideal planting time is early October. By then deciduous trees are already leafless and no longer evaporate water. The tree roots before winter and you need to water it less next year.
What is to be considered when planting?
When choosing a location, the height of growth and tree top diameter of the selected tree when fully grown should be taken into account, as these differ considerably from those of the plantation. Possible shadowing and the distances to other plants and trees must also be considered. The minimum distance to neighbors is regulated by law and is usually based on the tree’s growth vigor and its growth height; however, the legal provisions vary from state to state. Distance should also be kept from your home to avoid later problems with sprawling roots, such as damage to the foundation or ingrowth into sewage pipes. By default, smaller species are recommended for small gardens, because you cannot keep a tree small by regular pruning – you can only keep it in shape.
How to plant a tree
Tool list:
- Tree
- Spade or digging fork for heavy soil
- Garden hose
- Foil for the excavation
- Gloves
- Wheelbarrow
- Horn shavings
- Bark mulch
- Supporting pole
- Hand ram
- Slats
- Coir rope or loose rope made of hemp fibers
- Potting soil or compost
- Kitchen knife
- Hammer
- U-hook
- STIHL GTA 26 garden pruner for cutting the slats to length
- PPE: gloves, safety goggles
Step 1: Measuring stick
Use the STIHL GTA 26 to cut a roof slat to approximately 60 cm. This slat can be used later to check the planting depth and, in the case of fruit trees, the position of the grafting point.
Step 2: Position
If the tree is to grow in the lawn, first remove that lawn within a radius of about 30 – 50 cm around the trunk – depending on the tree and root size at the time of planting. Place a tarp next to the planting hole if the lawn is to be protected from the excavated soil.
STEP 3: Planting hole
Dig the planting hole so that it is twice as wide as well as slightly deeper than the root bale, and place the excavation on the tarpaulin.
STEP 4: Loosening up
Loosen the edges and the bottom of the planting hole with the digging fork or the spade.
STEP 5: Earth mixing
Mix the excavated soil with compost or potting soil. This procedure is particularly important if the soil at the site is very sandy or very loamy, in order to better supply the plant with nutrients and thus make it easier to take roots.
STEP 6: Rooting aid
Tip: For container trees, scratch the pot bale full of roots lengthwise several times with an old kitchen knife to a depth of about 0.5 centimeters. This deliberate injury will cause new roots to form and the root bale will not continue to grow in the shape of the container, but will actively spread at its new position. The roots of container trees otherwise retain the corkscrew-like growth from the pot and are not stable even after years.
STEP 7: Placing the tree
Place the tree in the planting hole and determine the correct planting depth with the roof slat by placing it over the planting hole – it represents the future soil surface. The root bale should be no more than 1 centimeter below this and the grafting point for a fruit tree should be about 10 centimeters above. If necessary, fill in some more soil or remove excess. The supporting pole is hammered in directly next to the root bale – preferably on the side from which the wind blows most frequently. Thus, you will prevent the tree from being pressed against the pole by the wind.
STEP 8: Hammering-in the pole
Remove the tree from the hole, as it will be in the way when hammering-in the pole. A hand ram works best for driving the pole; if you don’t have one, you can borrow one from the DIY store. Drive the pole in the previously determined position: The depth roughly conforms with the height of the tree top base; the pole should end about ten centimeters below the main branches; in other words, this is where the tree will be fastened. Make sure that the branches do not pass too close to the pole, otherwise they can rub against it in the wind.
STEP 9: Aligning the tree
Place the tree in the planting hole, fill in the excavation and align the tree in a straight line. If the soil is very dry, fill the planting hole only to three quarters, cover the soil with lots of water and only then fill the hole completely. In any case, tread the soil slightly with your foot.
STEP 10: Fastening
Place the rope in the form of the figure eight around the tree and the pole, then wrap the rope with tight loops. The tree should be fixed, but the trunk should not be strangulated. On the tree side, the rope can be tied a little higher, as the tree still sags in the ground.
Fasten the end of the rope to the pole with a U-hook and hold it tightly while hammering so it doesn’t come loose again. This will hold better than knotting the rope. The rope stays on the tree for 2-3 years and then usually falls apart.
STEP 11: An edge for watering
Form a small wall from the loose soil so that irrigation water and rain seep in at the tree and do not run off to the side.
STEP 12: sprinkling & Well covered
Water thoroughly and extensively so that the roots have good contact with the soil.
When the water has seeped in, add horn shavings to the soil and mulch with bark humus or alternatively spread a mix of shredded material and horn shavings.
Click here for more DIY project guides to enjoy at home.TOKYO (AFP) –.”
Ishikawa said she still hopes to attend the Paralympics — set to begin on August 24. OrganiZers.Just in: Barcelona reach complete agreement with Man City forward
Predicted Barcelona lineup against Villarreal
Barcelona sporting director in Manchester for Sterling, English side demand €80 million
Report: Barcelona change their priorities for the winter transfer market
After a rough 2020/2021 season, Liverpool has had a fairly decent summer transfer window. The club from Merseyside has added...1984 Honda city pro T for sale
Buy and sell Honda City's and Parts (Honda City's only please!)
1 post • Page 1 of 1
1984 Honda city pro T for sale
This breaks my heart, but I need to get rid of my 1984 Honda City Pro T. It was going to be a project but it fell on the backburner for a number of reasons. I stupidly let it sit for too long and it's starting to get some rust. It still runs and drives but unfortunately I think it's a parts car now. The engine, gearbox are still really strong and it is a very low km car for its age. the interior has some really nice parts too. The seats and carpets are in good condition. I would be willing to give it to someone for free on the condition it helped keep another Honda city on the road. I'm located in Newcastle NSW call or message on 0402451908
1 post • Page 1 of 1
Return to “For Sale / Wanted”
Who is online
Users browsing this forum: No registered users and 6 guestsHotels don’t have to be boring white cubes where you just lay your head for the night. As a matter of fact, some of the best ones we’ve featured here on Tourism on Edge are anything but ordinary. Planning a visit to New York? The city is teeming with unusual accommodation options.
#The Jane ($130)
The Jane is basically an old-school luxury ship on land with carpeted hallways, heavy decor, and taxidermied animals. The views of the Hudson River are immaculate, too. It almost feels like you need to be sporting a floppy hat and hand-carrying a leather trunk. Staying in The Jane feels like taking a step back through time!
#Yotel New York ($140)
The East Coast location of the Yotel chain is inspired by Tokyo, a city known for its eccentricities. The idea is to translate the trademark Japanese capsule lodging into something that fits the New York setting. It is considerably more spacious than capsule hotels that you would find in Shinjuku, but by American standards, the size of Yotel rooms are still compact. If you are one to look for efficient, tech-oriented designs, Yotel is the place to be.
#Dream Downtown ($300)
This trendy spot in downtown Manhattan is one that’s hard to miss. Dream Downtown’s facade is made of semi-reflective metal, although the inside is much more inviting. Paste Magazine describes the interior as ‘beach cool’ and adds that there is no single theme to the hotel as it is a ‘mish-mash of all different types’. Whatever those types are, Dream Downtown perfectly manages to avoid being too bland or too tacky.
#Night Hotel Theater District ($170)
The neon-lit Times Square is spectacular, but it can be downright overwhelming. Night Hotel, just a few meters away from the incessant commotion, almost calls you in with its dimly-lit and relaxing lobby. Outside, the streets are lined with Broadway theaters with fans filtering through tufted doors, but you can live out your very own show in the noir-themed Night Hotel.
#McCarren Hotel & Pool ($240)
The poolside mural of McCarren Hotel & Pool is worth taking a few snaps, and it’s also one of the most unforgettable features of the hotel. The overall vibe is laid-back and clearly made for a hip generation, with a cool rooftop lounge that also calls for a pitstop.
Just remember that no matter how interesting a hotel might be, it’s still important to factor in your budget. Staying in a quirky hotel is not worth it if you can’t enjoy other wonderful things in New York. You can get budget to mid-range hotel rooms for under $200 a night, as in the case of all of these establishments, but that price is still subject to change due to several factors.
Season, for instance, can drastically alter the price point. New York’s low season is from January to March. Any other time is typically full of tourists, and that could mean paying top dollar for accommodation because of the increased demand.
Location also determines the asking price. You will find that Manhattan buildings are more expensive than Brooklyn buildings, as the former is a premier real estate area. There are also factors less obvious to the average renter and one of those is ground lease. Yoreevo explains that a ground lease is when a building’s owner pays for the land where the building stands, which belongs to someone else. This is charged monthly to the building’s owner and might affect the pricing of hotel rooms depending on the size of the lease. Other things to consider are time of the week (weekdays vs. weekends) and of course, the type of the room you’re renting.
If you have the budget, staying in any of these quirky hotels is only a question of which one to pick. New York specializes in ‘one-of-a-kind experiences’ and the right accommodation is the best place to begin.Four years from now, We'll be four years deeper into Our interminable political-campaign-from-Hell, this misbegotten Patán Death March of Our collective soul or whatever We have floating inside Our bellies. Since this year's edition of the election-from-Hell features The Larva, current (non)governor Luis "Can't Find My Ass With A Map" Fortuño and The Slug, Alejandro "I Can't Get My Ass In Gear" García, I say We write the damn thing off as the largest example of human waste since New Math and try to figure out what might be coming at Us down the pike.
--Will We still be paying an abusive "fuel surcharge" in order to pay off enormously useless political debts that basically lined thieves' pockets?
--Will We still have a crumbling leaky morass of a water and sewer system virtually incapable of either collecting water, storing it, distributing it or charging rationally for it?
--Will Our tourism standing keep slipping by continuing to allow American Airlines ("Screw Puerto Rico: We're American") to throttle competition and serve as the strong-arm element of the major hotel cartel that blocks true innovation in Our services and marketing?
--Will We still have daily newspapers more akin to pure propaganda hogwash than information gazettes, radio "news" shows more akin to the campaign-from-Hell than discussion forums and TV news more akin to skanky gossip than actual information?
--Will We still have a crime rate eating at Our entrails like cancer eats colons?
--Will We still be years behind in developing Our educational system, or will We have made the plunge to being decades behind?
--Will We reorient Our economy to the quick-acting, quick-thinking realities of the early 21st century or will We still be party(politick)ing like it's 1959?
--Will We have an even more bloated government wasteland pushing 30% total Island employment or will We have the bloated 26% beached whale We have now?
--Will We slow down or stop the brain drain that enriches "them" rather than Us?
--Will We stop or reverse the welfare sump pump that sucks the life out of Our society?
--Will We come even a millimeter closer to actually giving a damn about these things?
Puerto Rico 2016: It's closer than you think.
The Jenius Has Spoken.Fear of losing their innovative edge pushes many leaders to reject hybrid and virtual work arrangements. Yet extensive research shows that hybrid and remote teams can gain an innovation advantage […]
Entrepreneurial Finance Insider
Trending topics and news from the Entrepreneurial Finance Insider categoryBack to news home
Crazy as it Sounds, 3 Simple Moves are Your Key to Navigating an Uncertain Landscape
Metaphors can be powerful. “She has a heart of gold.” “All the world’s a stage.” We hear a good one and like magic an image or idea from an entirely […]
5 Life and Leadership Lessons I Learned Growing Up in Brazil
From the way I lead my business to the way I raised my three sons, nothing has shaped me quite so much as the people and culture I come from. […]
A Yogi’s Take on Stress and Burnout
With the normal pressures of work compounded by the pandemic, stress and burnout are proliferating in the business world. Even before Covid-19, stress and burnout were ravaging the health of […]The Syrian Elections
The people are all talking. About what? About the great event. The day has come, the day democracy has been ushered into Syria. The day when the Syrian people will finally choose who will lead them through the choppy waters of the twenty first century. The scripts are written, the actors are rehearsing and the props and cameras are all set. Everybody into position, get ready. This will be the show of your lives.
In every other country democracy is a close contest between a number of presidential hopefuls, but not here, not in the kingdom of the mad. From under a blanket of fear the aspiring hopefuls came in full force. Blinking into the spotlight. Twenty three at first, but the courts said no. This is a kingdom of law, they said, and the laws must be obeyed, so out of the twenty three three remained. These alone retained the qualities, integrity and potential to hold the greatest office of the land. These three men stood forth when their people beckoned, in a time of great crisis. Well done. Firm handshake to all of them.
The kingdom of the mad is in the midst of war, its army has gone insane, dropping chemicals from the sky on its people. Half the people have escaped the country, most living in the mud and illness and disease. But that will not stop the rule of law. In a country where absurdity is the national religion and pastime, the king of the mad has declared that henceforth he will no longer rule with an iron fist only. You must love him, and ask him to rule you with an iron fist. Ask and you will be rewarded. Refuse and, well...but at least you have a choice. So choose wisely, for democracy isn't a game.
So actors - into positions! Props, set the stage for the opening scene! Ticket vendors, get out there and sell! Design the posters, Photoshop people! Slogan writers, write away. Tell the audience "We're all in this together". Make this a show to remember, a show nobody will ever forget. Lights, camera, action! Sit tight, people, you're going to love this.SACS (Stella Alpina Cost Saving) project:
the compact line which makes savings and respects the environment
A strong commitment to innovation and respect for the environment brought SMI to design "ex-novo" a complete bottling plant for still and sparkling water at Stella Alpina plant in Mojo de' Calvi (Bergamo).
The new SACS (Stella Alpina Cost Saving) line was devised, designed and created by SMI - over a surface area of just 800m2 - to produce up to 14,400 bottles per hour in a more efficient and economical way compared to the pre-existing bottling plant at that spring.
.
Advanced technical solutions enable to significantly lower the costs of production of every Stella Alpina bottle, in the full respect of the surrounding environment. If compared to the pre-existing bottling plant, SACS has delivered huge results in terms of compact footprint, energy saving, production efficiency, operating flexibility and TCO (Total Cost of Ownership).
.
The new line is made up essentially of just two machine blocks which, conveniently integrated, allow for lower costs and consumption. The first block consists of the primary packaging unit ECOBLOC® PLUS, an integrated system of stretch-blow moulding, filling / capping and labelling, thus providing consistent cutbacks in terms of initial investment, maintenance costs and energy consumption.
The secondary packaging unit, designed by SMI from scratch and named PACK BLOC, is an innovative shrink film packaging system which includes high integration between the shrinkwrapper and the palletiser; this solution has allowed for the area occupied by the end-of-line machines to be much smaller than usual due to the dramatic reduction in the quantity of conveyors connecting them.
.
SACS project stands out for the considerable reduction of primary and secondary packaging material:
» up to a 30% reduction in the plastic (PET) used to produce bottles, thanks to the design of new "ultra-light" containers, one for 0.5L and the other for 1.5L, obtained by stretch-blow moulding preforms of 11g and 23g respectively;
» up to a 50% reduction in thermo-shrinkable film, achieved by equipping the shrinkwrapping machine with a new knife with a motorised blade controlled by digital servo-drivers, which allows for the use of shrink film with a thickness less than 30 micron (as against the 50- 60 micron previously used by Stella Alpina) for the 3x2 format of 0.5L bottles.
.
The consumption of water used for cleaning the plant has been reduced by up to the 90%, thanks to the "baseless" technology applied to the filler, which allows for the base of the machines to be "freed" from moving components and mechanical parts, where dirt and waste from the production process usually accumulates.
.
Also the energy consumption of the whole production line has been lowered by up to the 15%, thanks to the application of state-of-the-art technology solutions:
- compact footprint of the bottling line, requiring less conveyor belts for the connection of a low number of single modules;
- air recovery system, assembled as standard on the blow moulder, allowing for up to a 40% reduction in consumption of high pressure compressed air, with consequent need for a smaller compressor;
- recovery of heat from the blow moulder and air compression systems, partly used for pre-heating the preforms and partly discharged to the shrinking oven in the end of line shrinkwrapper;
- use of lighter preforms and thinner shrink films which require less heat from IR lamps and electrically-heated resistances;
-less wear on the components, thanks to the reduction in moving parts and the use of more resistant materials;
-use of high energy-efficiency motors on the conveyors.
.
Thanks to the use of integrated machines, of high energy-efficient motors, of air and heat recovery systems, as well as to the lightening of primary and secondary packaging material, a reduction in CO2 emissions of up to the 50% has been accomplished.
Please get in contact with our Sales Department for further information about the SACS project and on all energy-saving solutions provided by SMI.
Best regards..Carillon Beach Resort | Panama City Beach, FL photographer
7 Years ago I documented their amazing wedding day at Carillon Beach Resort in Panama City Beach, FL! 7 years later they returned with a sweet baby girl and a nephew in the family :D What a privilege and honor to capture these precious souls and life long relationships. Enjoy!
#carillonbeachresort #carillonbeachwedding #panamacitybeach #panamacitybeachflphotographer #panamacityflphotographersWhy online dating sites? There are so many causes someone would select to participate in an online internet dating site. Better beatiful japanese wife algorithms, when a prevalent distraction than online dating captivated many individuals to find their real love on line! As well, those people which may have personally experienced the bad. This is no longer a popular method, so individuals folks that have experienced the negative, want to this term on!
So , precisely what the difference among old-school internet dating and the newest fad? Very well, one needs for being more reasonable in planning on expectations and desired goals. Online dating apps are definitely not always a good option to meet people. Often, we anticipate too much out of online dating. In some cases, we have unrealistic expectations of how the interactions with others should work.
We need to gain a better understanding of what we should expect from web based dating, and then adjust our targets accordingly. This is when self-awareness can really be. As humans, we need to be self-aware of what we are doing. When we are positively participating in internet online dating, we are interacting with others, which usually requires that many of us think about the way you are promoting ourselves.
When an individual is not really consciously self-aware, they often perform factors that will finally hurt the chances of building human relationships. One example is: a person who opens up their profile to the wrong group, such as only discovering other lonely women. This can limit them to witnessing or obtaining information from people outside of all their “type. inches A better case would be to make use of a free community online dating app that was create to help somebody with a variety of interests, personality types and backgrounds meet other folks.
In fact , mentally healthy people have truly been seen to use online dating services apps to boost their mental health. This makes sense since mentally detrimental people usually tend to view the environment in an oversimplified manner. This may lead to poor choices, such as making allergy decisions based on nothing but sentiment. These users may also be underneath the impression that they are “not real people” and thus will not draw in anyone. They may also experience isolated and removed from the public scene since they are not finding the same type of persons they would like to connect with.
Utilizing the right online seeing apps, these customers can dedicate far less period browsing single profiles and far additional time focusing on meeting potential partners. In due course, these individuals will take more time focusing on building strong human relationships with people that actually are a good match for them. So , why online dating sites is designed for you to the rest on your capacity to be self-aware and to reduce the amount of period you spend applying apps to search through possible fits. You should also be allowed to cut down on the amount of time you spend texting or using other distraction-free programs.Smog, a kind of air pollutant, is composed of a mixture of compounds like nitrogen oxides, ozone, sulfur oxides, smoke or particulate matter, CFC’s, carbon monoxide, etc. The primary sources of the air pollutants comprising smog are derived from power-producing plants, domestic emissions, forest fires, automobile emissions, etc. The effects of smog include breathing problems, coughing, wheezing, respiratory diseases, etc.
The Deadliest Smogs
Smog was common in London as the people were burning more coal than it was required due to cold weather conditions. The poor quality of coal increased the presence of sulfur dioxide in the air. Most of the coal power stations situated in Bankside, Fulham, and Kingston-upon-Thames also added to the pollution in the air. The Great Smog or the Big Smoke affected London in the month of December in the year 1952 because of severe air pollution factors. A thick layer of Smog formed over the city due to anticyclone and the windless conditions that collected airborne pollutants derived from the usage of coal. The smog left more than 100,000 people ill, the death toll reported around 12,000 people. The Coal Smog appeared in the year 1880, and nearly 2,200 people died. The people experienced Coal Smog during Industrial Revolution and the main factor was the over usage of coal as 90% of the houses were burning coal and letting out this toxin from their chimneys. The Smog experienced in the year 1991 in London was caused due to traffic exhausts, nitrogen oxides, and other particles. They are not visible to the naked eye, but penetrated deep into the lungs of people and caused some 160 deaths.
The pollutants from the factories caused the Meuse Valley Smog in the year 1930 in Belgium, which caused shortness of breath amongst the people. The other factors reported were coughing fits, rapid breathing, nausea, vomiting, etc. and the death toll was around 60 people. Donora Smog occurred in Donora, Pennsylvania reported in the year 1948. It reduced the visibility, caused respiratory damage, fluorine poisoning and asthmatic breathing that resulted in the death of 50 people.
Future Threats Caused by Smog
With decreasing air quality throughout the world, the smog problem in many countries of the world is predicted to worsen in the future. This situation will lead to poor health of people and an increased burden of respiratory diseases. Thus, there is a need for governments and people to adopt sufficient measures to improve the air quality and decrease the levels of particulate pollutants released into the airRoyalty Free Vectors Seamless Vectors Sunflowers455477 Color ModeRGB Artist gertot1967 Follow ♥Like(6) +Cart Similar Images More Images…More More by gertot1967 More Images…More Related Searches Seamless Sunflower Pattern Sunflowers Background Vintage Wallpaper Art Farm Yellow Retro Summer Flower Vector Nature Illustration Texture Autumn Drawing Bouquet Floral Decor Element Sun Botanical Flora Bright Design Drawn Garden Beauty Blossom Object Leaf Plant Blooming Oil Textile Graphic Healthy Isolated Beautiful Decorative Organic Decoration Fabric Romantic Ornament Food Agriculture ArtworkActivities
Your MCR Committee runs the daily and termly affairs of the Middle Common Room and its members. We have created an incredibly welcoming, dynamic, and diverse community that reflects not only the college and its history but also, and most importantly, its post-graduate members. These pages are devoted to our social, sports, and academic events and activities.
Photograph credit: Margaret Stranks, 2013.PAX Australia 2017 Rundown
PAX Australia 2017 was fantastic! Thanks to everyone that came down and said hi, and thanks for all your feedback! We had lots of fun showcasing Ratrace Enterpriser, and the response was phenomenal.
As the year winds down, we'd like to share some pics and some awesome press releases. Cheers everyone and we look forward to taking a breather before we see you in 2018!
Great rundown of the indies, thanks Steve from Webwombat!
Awesome PAX review by Nerds4Life! Thanks Peter from Nerds4Life!
Giant Mountains
Dobrovského 3
Vrchlabí, 543 01
KRNAP, the Krkonoše National Park, is situated in the area of the Krkonoše and Rýchory Mountains, from the Novosvětské Sedlo (saddle of Nový Svět) in the west to the Žacléřské Sedlo (saddle of Žacléř) in the east. The northern border is the neighbouring Karkonoski Park Narodowy (Poland), an inseparable natural territory.
The Krkonoše Mountains are the highest mountains in the Czech Republic. The highest peak is Mount Sněžka (1,602 metres above sea level). Because of the natural riches, the Krkonoše are considered a unique locality in Central Europe. They are characterized by magnificent mountaineous ridges and large forest stands. There are steep rock slopes, glacial valleys, platforms, peat bogs, mountain meadows and typical geological formations.
The region is known for numerous rare vegetation species, out of which many are only present in the Krkonoše. The Krkonoše are the source area for the largest river in the Czech Republic, the Elbe (Labe) and for a lot of smaller water bodies that are popular because of their wonderful waterfalls. In 1978 the Krkonoše were declared a protected area of natural water resources. The best-known natural monuments are the nature monuments called Prameny Labe (Elbe River source area), the Prameny Úpy (Úpa River source area) and the Rýchory.Horny cam girls looking for friends for mutual masturbation & cyber sex
Pubic hair: Trimmed, Weight: 120 – 140 lbs [55 – 63 kg], height: 5’7″ – 5’9″ [170cm – 175cm]
Ethnicity: White/Caucasian, language: German
Turns on: Glory Holes, being watched, swinging, sex with strangers, adult theaters, fun in parks (doging), gangbangs, swinging, being covered in cum. Watching you stroke your cock for me! Talking dirty, make you do things you would normally not do! I.., turns off: rude, obnoxious people
Tags: cock, cum, dirty, Female, heels, sex, squirt, stockingsJunior Academy Mission specific goals of the Junior Academy are:
- To create a positive environment for players, coaches and parents
- To focus on individual player development
- To instill a love and passion for the game of soccer
- To learn basic game understanding
- To educate parents about proper expectations in their child’s youth soccer experience
Junior Academy Expectations
Age Group and Genders
The Junior Academy Program is open to 8U, 9U, and 10U boys and girls.
If you are looking to join the Junior Academy during the season, please contact Patrick Bridges, the Director of the Junior Academy.
Season Commitments & Expectations
The Junior Academy Program is a two season commitment with seasons in the Fall (mid-August to mid-November) and Spring (end of January to beginning of May). Players will practice for 60 minutes 2 nights per week at a training site specific to their location (East, Central, West). Practice days and times will be determined by the Junior Academy Director prior to the start of the season; we do our best to get all players in a certain age group & gender to train on the same fields at the same time (Ex. 9u Girls all train together, 10u Girls, etc.).
Games will typically be played on Saturdays against other NC Fusion teams in an intersquad format. Players will play in at least 8 games and will participate in at least one festival event each season. Travel is limited to the Piedmont Triad area as much as possible. Some players will be offered optional opportunities to participate in Tournaments outside the area; there is an additional fee for additional event invites.
Junior Academy Leadership
Director and Coaches
The program is overseen by Patrick Bridges, the Junior Academy Director. The Director is assisted by Nick Smith, the Junior Academy Administrator. Junior Academy teams are coached by NC Fusion Staff Coaches with a minimum of a USSF Grassroots License, and each team will have a coach dedicated to those players for the year.
- Patrick Bridges Junior Academy Director
- Nick Smith Level 3 Programs AdministratorCritical Historiography
Critical Historiography examines the role of history in architecture and the operative relations between architectural history, education, research and design practice. In the contemporary global cultural industry the role of architecture has taken on significantly new forms.
To understand these new terrains we need to re-think the role of architectural history. What is the relevance of history and theory in design production? What role does it have to play in the architectural education? These questions underline the importance of a critical view upon the application of historical knowledge in practice. The built environment is to a large extent constructed through the use of history. Likewise the identity of the profession is created through collective memories and discourse formation. As a fundamental force in processes of creating ideology, politics and identity, history needs to be constantly unveiled.This Edipous Micro Bikini was furnished for review by the brand. The opinions expressed are that of the reviewer.
Rating: 8/10 (Average of the Rating Below)
• Daily Fit: 7/10
• Sizing 9/10
• Styling: 9/10
• Performance 10/10
Pros:
• LOVE THE POUCH- Quite possibly the best pouch on ANY pair of underwear I have ever worn. Supportive, roomy, and conforms to whatever you bring to the table. Large or small the fabric and construction gives enough yet holds your good secure. Simply Outstanding.
• Breathable! Never once do I get a sweating or moist feel wearing these. For a non-cotton brief, these feel so light and refreshing.
• Waste band- Like most of its construction, very forgiving and not “cutting” into your waist. Stretchy yet not squeezing to the point it becomes a high-rise brief. Not Bad at all Edipous!
Cons:
• Bikini Back- Well by now most of our readers may know, I am a thong guy or a boxer brief guy on occasion. While this is the first brief I have owned, it has confirmed my suspicion that most briefs for me quickly become a thong with extra fabric. Maybe it’s my butt construction, but slowly and surely these briefs ride up between my cheeks and low and behold its essentially a thong, a less comfortable thong.
• Does this pouch come on an Edipous thong? I hope…investigation to follow…
UNB Shawn Recommendations
All and all, it is a bikini brief and it’s got to be one of the more comfortable ones out there, but I am thong guy what can I say? The brief hints at a sexiness, but to me is not at pleasing to the eye or as functional for that matter than a well-designed thong. If I want to tone down the sexiness, boxer briefs are functional and don’t ride up my cheeks, briefs well does neither for me. Happy Shopping UNB readers. Find your style and OWN IT!
BRAND: EDIPOUS Micro Bikini
COLORS: Blue,
FABRIC: 77.60% Polyamide and 22.40% Spandex
SIZES: Small – XL
COST: $19.25
EDk005 is this version in thong, I believe. Cannot confirmOptical Communication and Networking - Global Market Outlook (2019-2027)
According to Stratistics MRC,.
Optical communication is a type of communication which uses light for the transmission of the signal to the remote end, instead of electrical current. Optical networking is a means of communication that makes use of signals encoded onto light to broadcast information among various nodes of a telecommunications network.
End Users Covered:
• Commercial
• Industrial
•For artist Richard Carter, a studio is a sanctuary through coronavirus crisis
Richard Carter's "Social Distancing (Shelter @ Home)," graphite and acrylic on Fabriano paper, 2020.
Courtesy photo
Richard Carter's "Erratic Process," graphite and acrylic on paper, 2020.
Richard Carter's "Night in the Quarry (Bunker)," graphite and acrylic on paper, 2020.
Courtesy photo
For reasons that need little explanation during the coronavirus lockdown period, the artist Richard Carter has been drawing and painting bunkers.
Working in graphite, watercolor and some acrylic paint, he’s been making small-scale and slightly surreal pieces that depict the safety structures along with imagery of rubble, often rendered in a blood red with cobalt blue night skies above — the colors deepened by black under-painting.
“These are all actually about what we’re going through now,” Carter said recently via Facetime, walking around the Basalt studio and sharing the many works he’s finished during the COVID-19 public health crisis. “Everybody’s in the bunker.”
He’s found himself responding directly to the crisis in his new works on paper. A piece titled “Social Distancing” depicts a dramatic gothic tower rising against a night sky, an imaginary space to ride out a pandemic.
“I’m an artist and I get to be dramatic whenever needed,” Carter said. “It might even be my job.”
The body of work emerging from Carter’s quarantine period was inspired in part by 2018 travels to Egypt, Cambodia and France, where he was fascinated by ancient dwelling, quarries and stone structures. In spirit and aesthetics, these new works are a natural progression from Carter’s “Erratic” series, which also drew inspiration from geology. Those works — the subject of a well-received show at Carter’s pop-up gallery in downtown Aspen last summer — depicted unstable monuments and towers, suited to the instability of organized society in the Donald Trump era.
For Carter, a founder of the Aspen Art Museum and fixture on the Aspen art scene since the early 1970s, his studio has been a sanctuary during the crisis. A hale 73, Carter’s daily routine has consisted of reading for a few hours at home in the morning — John McPhee’s work on geology has been a highlight, he said — and then heading to his studio, which sits in an office building along the Roaring Fork River near the commercial core of Basalt.
“Having a studio and having something to do and being engaged is tremendous,” he said. “I’m just digging in here.”
He empathizes with artists who’ve had exhibitions canceled and sales fall off during the shutdown of public life during the pandemic, he said. But the timing has coincided with an expected downtime for him, when he hadn’t planned any shows. He hasn’t sought relief grants available to artists from state and national organizations during the economic crisis caused by COVID-19.
“I don’t want to take money when there are people who really need it,” he said.
Carter had a momentous 2019, which included several exhibitions and major public events for the Roaring Fork Valley’s yearlong celebration of the Bauhaus centennial (Carter worked for the Bauhaus master and Aspen icon Herbert Bayer in the ’70s) along with Carter opening the Aspen pop-up and showcasing work there.
“It was great, but when you’re going through that, you know that when it’s over you’ve got to start over,” he said.
So he knew the winter and all of 2020 would be a sort of wood-shedding period in his studio, generating new ideas and new work. After months of experiments and ideas he abandoned, the new work started flowing during the forced isolation of the stay-at-home period.
“It’s starting to coalesce into something meaningful now,” Carter said.
And though his Jack Russell Terrier is good company, Carter has missed social life. His longtime girlfriend died in December and he lives alone. His daughter, who works in the film industry, moved back to the valley as Hollywood productions shut down. So he sees her regularly, while following social distancing advisories.
The building where he keeps his studio is normally a relatively bustling hub of office workers, but has been ghost-town quiet since mid-March, and he hasn’t had the usual drop-in visits from friends and collectors that had been customary before.
“It’s really bizarre here,” he said.
Carter recalled seeing a friend on the street, and by reflex inviting them to come over for a visit at the studio.
“They looked at me like I was crazy,” he said with a laugh. “They just made a face and shook their head.”
His social life, instead, has moved to Facetime and Zoom, where he also meets regularly with staff and fellow boardmembers for the Arts Campus at Willits, which is sill heading toward construction.
So Carter logs his studio time drawing and painting his small-scale new piece and conceptualizes the larger ones to come. He shares them on Instagram as he finishes.
“I like this work,” he said. “I’m starting to get it. It’s my philosophy that after a big show or a big event like (the Bauhaus celebration and exhibitions), you’ve got to get right back in there and start doing’That.
This title also hooks me! will definitely look into it.
LikeLiked by 1 person
I think you will also enjoy it. Happy reading and thanks for your comments.
LikeLiked by 1 person
‘Don’t let the past get in the way of the now’. That’s a great line Arlene, though I think that it is almost impossible to do.
Best wishes from England. Pete.
LikeLiked by 1 person
And the only way to grow is to accept and learn from the lessons of the past. Thanks Pete.
Sounds like a great read, thanks so much for sharing!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Yeah, I enjoyed it 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
Hi Arlene – After that post I will be reading it for sure. Thanks for the inspiration. Hope you are well 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person
I am doing good Kelly, I hope you are too. The book is really a good read, I hope you’ll also enjoy it like I did. Thanks again for the visit 🙂
LikeLiked by 1 person3 MM Trimmer Line
Price And Quantity
- Unit/Units
- 1
- Unit/Units
- 320 INR
Product Description
3 MM Trimmer Line is one of the most sought-after tools that provide practical replacement parts for your trimmer. It can endure impacts, rust, and unfavorable factors. The blade of the trimmer line can be freely stretched, therefore, it cuts more. Due to its high build quality, dimensional stability, and long operational life, we are seeing a huge demand for the trimmer line in the marketplace. 3 MM Trimmer Line comes in a premium quality packaging that keeps the product safe during transportation.
Product Details:
Trade Information
- Cash Advance (CA)
- 7 Days
- All India
B No. D-1, 2nd Floor, Near Gurudwara, Vinod Nagar East, Delhi, Delhi, 110091, India
Phone :+918035929077The United States is imposing sanctions on two Houthi military officials as the group continues its offensive to seize Yemen's gas-rich Marib region, US special envoy on Yemen Tim Lenderking said on Thursday.
Lenderking, who has been pushing for a ceasefire deal the conflict. UN.
He called on Tehran to support peace talks and said Washington wants a long-term solution that goes beyond a ceasefire, which the envoy said was the only way Yemenis would get the humanitarian relief they require.Recent SearchesClear
Split City Walking Tour
2 hours (Approx.)
Mobile ticket
Offered in: English and 3 more
Good for avoiding crowds
Overview
Appreciating the historic sights of Split can be difficult on a self-led walking tour. Discover city highlights, including the UNESCO-listed Diocletian's Palace, the Gregory of Nin statue, and Riva promenade, with illuminating insights provided by a local guide. Gain an intimate perspective of the city as you explore by foot, and benefit from the small-group tour size for a more personalized experience.
- Visit landmarks including Trg Braće Radić and Benedictine monastery remains
- Select a morning or evening excursion to suit your schedule
- Benefit from your local guide’s personalized attention on a small-group tour
- Be immersed in Split’s lively atmosphere as you explore by foot
Saved to wishlist!
What's Included
Local guide
Gratuities
Hotel pickup and drop-off
Departure & Return
Departure Point
Ul. kralja Tomislava 15, 21000, Split, Croatia
Golden/North Gate (near the Statue of Gregory of Nin) – center of the city
Return Details
Dioklecijanova ul. 1, 21000, Split, Croatia
Additional Info
- a full refund.
- Wheelchair accessible
- Stroller accessible
- Service animals allowed
- Near public transportation
- Infant seats available
- Most travelers can participate
- This tour/activity will have a maximum of 12 travelers
- OPERATED BY Divine Dalmat<<
Split City Walking Tour
2 hours
Free Cancellation
From
$79.45
2 hours 30 minutes
Free Cancellation
From
$82.32
2 hours 30 minutes
Free Cancellation
From
$31.05
2 hours
Free Cancellation
From
$197.44
2 hours 5 minutes
Free Cancellation
From
$28.54
1 hour 30 minutes
Free Cancellation
From
$102.76
N/A
Free Cancellation
From
$43.33
1 hour 30 minutes
Free Cancellation
From
$45.26
1 hour 30 minutes
Free Cancellation
From
Salona Tours & TicketsBacvice Beach Tours & TicketsRepublic Square (Prokurative) Tours & TicketsSplit Archaeological Museum (Arheoloski Muzej Split) Tours & TicketsKlis Fortress (Tvrdava Klis) Tours & TicketsSplit Ethnographic Museum (Etnografski Muzej Split) Tours & TicketsGregory of Nin (Grgur Ninski) Tours & TicketsFruit's Square (Trg Brace Radic) Tours & TicketsMestrovic Gallery (Galerija Mestrovic) Tours & TicketsPort of Split (Luka Split) Tours & TicketsMarjan Tours & TicketsPoljud Stadium (Stadion Poljud) Tours & TicketsPeristyle Square (Peristil) Tours & TicketsCathedral of St. Dominus (Katedrala Svetog Duje) Tours & TicketsZlatni Rat Beach (Golden Horn) Tours & TicketsGates of Diocletian's Palace Tours & TicketsRiva Promenade (Riva Split Waterfront) Tours & TicketsFroggyland Tours & TicketsThe El Paso County Sheriff’s office announced Friday that a body found Wednesday with “an apparent gunshot wound” is Donna Grimstead, 71.
Authorities found the body while they were searching for Grimstead in the Black Forest area.
The body was found in the 12000 block of Milam Road, according to a news release by the El Paso County Sheriff’s Office.
“The cause and manner of death will be released at a later date pending toxicology results,” the release said.
Elizabeth Hernandez: 303-954-1223, ehernandez@denverpost.com or twitter.com/ehernandezYugioh Legend Of Blue Eyes White Dragon + Invasion of Chaos + Spell Ruler + Metal Raiders Plus More Booster Packs! . HUGE lot of Yu-Gi-Oh! Booster packs including 41 booster packs total plus bonus cards!!! 16 x Legend of Blue Eyes White Dragon. 14 x Invasion of Chaos. 3 x Dark Crisis. 2 x Spell Ruler. 4 x Metal Raiders. 1 x Pharaohs Servant. 1x Battles of Legend Lights Revenge. Huge lot of loose cards (Rares + Commons). Please dont hesitate to message with any questions! The item “Lot Of 41x Yu-Gi-Oh! Booster Packs Legend Of Blue Eyes White Dragon, Spell Ruler” is in sale since Monday, January 25, 2021. This item is in the category “Toys & Hobbies\Collectible Card Games\CCG Sealed Booster Packs”. The seller is “lakshyset0″ and is located in Roswell, Georgia. This item can be shipped to United States.
- Set: Legend Of The Blue Eyes White Dragon
- Configuration: Pack
- Features: 1st Edition
- Manufacturer: Konami
- Number of Packs: 34
- TV Show: Yu-Gi-Oh!
- Age Level: 6+
- Game: Yu-Gi-Oh! TCG
- Genre: Fantasy
- Language: English
- Character: Yami Yugi
written by: Thursd. | 20-09-2021
Hoops and Horticulture is a small business brand with big ideas. These ideas start with a ball. Yes, a sports ball, like a basketball, or a soccer ball. How cool these are as a planter is clear. Seeing is believing that there truly is a match between plants and basketball.
Imagine the endless possibilities when using a full-sized 29.5-inch Nike, Wilson, or Spalding basketball. Or its mini-sized 22-inch version? Or perhaps a size 5 Champions League soccer ball? And add to that the endless designs and colors of today’s sports balls.
Nowadays, the balls are not just all modestly brownish-orange anymore. They are a fashionable item. Often the ball is the eye-catcher of the match!
The Hoops and Horticulture brand was brought into existence to combine two passions, plants and basketball. Each and every planter is hand-made and treated as if it were the only one being put together. Whether you’re just a plant lover, a basketball fan, or simply looking for ways to up your home decor, this may be your inspiration to dare step outside the lines too. Image by bradfordbotanicalco.
Check some of the designs ideas from Hoops and Horticulture’s customers on Instagram.
Images from hoopsandhorticulture on Instagram.NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WTVF) — Several Middle Tennessee county mayors have given updates regarding local mask mandates.
Though Governor Lee has never issued a statewide mandate, he's continued to extend his executive order that allows counties to require masks. The order is currently in effect through April 28.
Here are the latest announcements from county leaders:
- Montgomery: extended to March 27
- Rutherford: set to end March 15
- Sumner: extended to April 28
- Williamson County: ended Feb. 27
- Wilson: extended to an unspecified time
We will continue to update this list.Compliments of nude diamond
We are firm believers in the “Love knows no boundaries” saying.
No matter where you are, we ship your order to you for free, via the most effective and most reliable international courier companies (UPS, FedEx, DHL).
Once your order has shipped, you will also be able to track your shipment in real-time.
For every occasion, you’ll always find the perfect Nude Diamond gift and we want to share all these special moments with you. So what better way than to let you express your love with words?
We will print your personal message on a lovely card and deliver it together with your Nude Diamond gift, at no charge.si architecto beatae vitae dicta sunt explicabo. Nemo enim ipsam voluptatem quia voluptas sit aspernatur aut odit aut fugit
Our 30-day money back guarantee gives you time to make sure your purchase is perfect. If you need to return it for any reason, we will happily provide you with an exchange or full refund.4 oz Plastic Bottle with Flip Top
In stock
Free shipping on orders over $50!
- Satisfaction Guaranteed
- No Hassle Refunds
- Secure Payments
Description
This plastic bottle is designed to help you apply your anointing oils, colognes, herbal mixtures and lotions with ease. Flip tops are unavailable until future notice. Comes with a regular plastic screw on caps. Plastic. 4oz
Additional information
Only logged in customers who have purchased this product may leave a review.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Chapter 4 - Home Ownership 4 - Home Ownership
Learning Objectives
At the completion of this chapter, students will be able to do the following:
1) Explain the pros and cons of owning a home.
2) List at least two forms of homeowners insurance.
4.1 Types of Housing Accommodations
Transcript
As a real estate agent, you'll encounter people looking for a variety of housing accommodation types from single-family homes to condominiums and time-shares to mixed-use commercial properties. While 88% of first time home buyers work with a real estate professional today, that wasn't always the case.
Did you know that Sears and Roebuck, sold approximately 100,000 ready-to-build house kits in the early 1900's? Often for less than $1,500, people could order a single or multi-story design, from a catalog, with as little as $1 down to cover the cost of mill work. The kits contained everything needed to erect a house in less than 400 hours – that means precut lumber, window glass, doors, paint, nails, varnish, carved staircases, flooring and even the hammer needed to build the wraparound porch (also included)! The kits arrived via railway and buyers typically towed the crates to their lot with a mule team, horses and a buckboard or one of the new Model T trucks – if you were fortunate enough to be able to afford the $600 price tag after buying a house kit.
Of course, things are more complicated today, with zoning laws, lot restrictions and a complex web of tax codes. That is why people hoping to invest in real estate need a well-informed agent to help them navigate the process. So, let's discuss a few of the different types of housing accommodations on the market now, starting with the single-family home.
The single-family home is probably the most common property sold and bought on the market today. The percentage of single-family dwellings compared to all residential units fluctuates, but has consistently ranged between 60% and 70% since the 1940's, according to the 2011 US Census. Like the Sears and Roebuck homes mentioned above, a single-family home is a residence that isn't connected to other buildings. There is space on all sides, although the surrounding area may be limited only to the required easement to comply with building codes or encompass acres and acres of green space, if built in a rural area.
Unlike stand-alone, detached dwellings, multi-family buildings, have two or more individual houses connected by at least one adjoining wall, floor or ceiling. There are many variations that include: duplexes, quads, Victorian homes converted to individual living quarters with cooking and bathroom facilities, and both low-rise and high-rise apartment buildings. Although there are some privately owned apartment homes in larger cities like New York City, Seattle and Los Angeles, most multi-family home units are investment rental properties.
Classifying apartment buildings is a bit tricky because architects use terms like low-rise, mid-rise and high-rise differently. Some identify all buildings over nine stories tall as high-rise, while others say that buildings with less than three floors are low-rise, four to twelve story buildings are mid-rise and anything over 13 floors is a high-rise property. The city or region could also influence how local authorities classify each building.
It is best to follow the International Building Code (IBC) guidelines which base classification on the height of occupied space. The IBC says that any structure with occupied living space higher than 75 feet above “the lowest level of fire department vehicle access” is considered a high-rise. Most modern high-rise apartment buildings have elevators, but also have stairs to accommodate safe, rapid egress during an emergency.
In a condominium, each unit is owned individually. The units may be owner occupied, or used primarily for rentals, or vacation homes. In a condominium building, all common areas, such as walkways, meeting rooms, swimming pools and other shared spaces in a condominium arrangement are jointly owned by all condominium owners. And, homeowners typically pay monthly or annual dues to cover the maintenance, repair and insurance expenses established by covenants and by-laws approved and voted on by a select board and owners.
Another housing type you may come across as a licensed real estate agent is the cooperative, or co-op. Unlike condominiums, where each dwelling is privately owned, cooperatives are apartment buildings owned by a corporation that sells shares which entitle shareholders to exclusive, private use of a residential dwelling, or housing unit. Here is something to remember when recommending this type of property to potential buyers. Co-ops aren't considered “real property,” since buyers only purchase the right to use the dwelling. Occupants are basically just renters, so some of the tax benefits of home ownership aren't available to co-op residents, although they may be able to take some expensive deductions, like the allowance for home office and certain qualified repairs. All shareholders must pay a common area maintenance charge, typically calculated based on the square footage of the unit they occupy.
Let's step away from traditional private housing types to a commercial example, the planned unit development (PUD) model. Even if you've never heard the term before, you have almost certainly seen a PUD. Commercial land developers may want to create a mixed-use area that doesn't fix any of the existing zoning and density guidelines by building individual homes, multi-family housing, retail space and recreational facilities such as hiking trails or a baseball diamond. To accomplish this, the developer must submit detailed plans to the appropriate agencies to get approval. Approval is often based on how well the developer incorporates business and residential uses, whether the builders have considered the economic and environmental impact for residents and the extended community beyond the borders of the PUD.
Speaking of mixed-use developments, there is another housing type that doesn't involve building an entire community from the ground up. Although many large cities have seen an uptick in multi-use properties in recent years, the practice of having retail space on the ground floor and apartments on upper floors isn't new. Remember those ready-to-build homes we mentioned earlier? At the same time those houses were popping up in many communities, there were boarding houses that offered private rooms for rent above a restaurant open to the public. Today, you'll find high-end apartment buildings with organic grocery stores, dry cleaners, bakeries and internet cafes on the street level while modern, well apportioned apartments occupy the upper floors.
Today, consumers are looking for houses to buy in neighborhoods with high walkability scores and access to everything from food to entertainment, so mixed-use properties allow property owners to maximize earning potential on every square inch of the investment. In many cases it is a virtual trifecta – cities increase tax revenue, investor-owners can charge higher rents and tenants enjoy the convenience of picking up their dinner or dry cleaning on the way to the elevator that will take them upstairs to their apartment.
Mobile homes account for roughly 8% of all housing units in the United States, but where those homeowners live is telling. Only 6% of metropolitan units are classified as mobile homes, while rural, or non-metro areas have three times as many mobile homes, according to Population Reference Bureau. There are positives and negatives to owning a mobile home – for one thing, as the name implies, they are easy to move. They typically cost less than other new home types, although buyers may pay a higher mortgage interest rate if they need to finance. For people with limited funds, trailers may be the only real property they can afford. There are some “hidden” expenses associated with this type of housing. For example, only about half of mobile homeowners own the land where their house is parked. This means on top of the mortgage, buyers have to pay a monthly rent for the space, or invest more money to purchase land, which increases the overall cost of ownership.
Manufactured homes today come in single- and two-story models, and a variety of lengths and widths. And, although all are portable, many larger manufactured homes assembled on site are never moved once they are anchored down. Some manufactured homes are also multi-family homes, built similar to a duplex where they are two distinct dwellings joined by a common wall.
A cousin of the mobile home is the modular home, or prefabricated home. In some ways, modular homes are like the kits Sears sold to twentieth-century home buyers, although the homeowner doesn't have to assemble the house. Modular homes are built in movable sections called modules in a factory according to a buyer's specifications or a particular floor plan designed by the company offering the home for sale. Where a new construction home typically takes many weeks to erect, once the modules arrive at the building site, professional builders can have the house ready for occupancy in about a week, baring extreme weather events. Unlike mobile (manufactured) homes, prefab houses are assembled on a permanent foundation, so moving is not usually an option.
We have two more types of housing accommodation to cover in this lesson: retirement communities and time-share. This first is more commonly seen as a primary residence option and the second as either an investment or strictly a vacation home. We'll start with time-shares.
Earlier we discussed cooperatives where buyers invest in shares of a corporation for the privilege of gaining exclusive use of an apartment home. Like co-op dwellers, time-share investors never fully own a piece of real property. They gain access to the land, a dwelling or other real property.
Time shares fall into three main categories:
-The first is a Fee Simple contract which results in deeded interest, with a title in perpetuity.
-The next is a basic Right-to-Use (RTU) arrangement where you have rights to exclusive use that expire on a given date and revert to the actual owner – this is usually ten to twenty years.
-The final category is called “leasehold”. Like the Fee Simple the property is deeded. However, it also has an expiration date, like the RTU. Some Leasehold contracts offer a first right to renew clause.
Regardless of the category, time-share investors are limited to the amount of time they can use the property. For example, you may have exclusive access two weeks out of the year, or for a specific calendar month, depending on how many other “owners” have an interest in the property.
And, now, the last housing type we will cover is retirement communities. Although there are many different types of retirement communities all have a few similarities. Most have a minimum age requirement, usually 55 or older. Some retirement developments have an 80-20 rule, where 80% of the properties are owned by people over 55 and the other 20% are owned or leased by younger families or singles.
Services that are available in retirement communities may include lawn care, housekeeping, laundry, and access to a handyman to help replace light bulbs or hang pictures. There is usually a monthly fee beyond the mortgage payments to cover maintenance of common areas and amenities. Some communities have an on-site recreation director who schedules shopping trips, arranges group discounts for local plays and movies, and invites instructors to teach classes on a variety of topics from painting and sculpting to finance and computer literacy.
It is important to consider why clients want to move to a retirement community before recommending specific properties. Some want the social engagement and security of living in a tight-knit community without having to commit to the daily structure of an assisted living property. Others aren't currently facing medical challenges, but they are looking for a property that can offer them different services as they age. One community in the Dallas, Texas area offers home buyers a chance to buy a private home initially, and trade up to a residence in the assisted living area on campus, if they develop medical challenges; then transition to a retirement dorm with 24 hour care when the time comes.
Homeowner preferences vary widely among different demographics and diverse geographic regions. Rural areas have a higher percentage of ownership than urban and metropolitan areas, approximately 75% to 68% respectively. People in a lower income bracket tend to buy more mobile homes, and baby boomers aging into retirement age may prefer a well-equipped retirement community close to physicians, hospitals and grocery stores than the mixed-use property in a thriving downtown neighborhood in the city. This lesson should give you the information you need to help your clients find a home in an area that fits their needs and their budget.
Key Terms
3 Step Blueprint To Making a Full-Time Income as a Real Estate Agent in Georgia - FREE PDF
4.2 Factors Affecting Home Ownership
Transcript
There are many factors affect home ownership rates in the United States, including age, ethnicity, location and the overall economy. Personal finances, poor credit and limited cash on hand also impact buying decisions. A 2015 study showed that while seniors want to stay in their homes, new renters across all age groups will outnumber new home buyers in 2030. Millennials may see the largest gap between those who want to buy a home and those who can afford it. Some 62% of today's Millennials will still be renting, or signing the first lease, ten years from now. And, the ownership rate for 35- to 44-year olds is projected to decline 12.2 percent in the coming decade, compared to 1990 rates.
In this lesson, we'll explore a few of the advantages of renting versus owning, and discuss financing options for those who are ready to embrace the benefits of buying their first home.
Let's start with a discussion about why people rent.
In 2014, the Federal Reserve conducted a survey of almost 5900 participants to learn more about housing preferences and household living arrangements. More than 4 out of 5 respondents (81%) said if they could afford to buy their own home, they would. Approximately 50% of survey participants stated they didn't have enough money for a down payment. Slightly less than one-third (31%) said financial or credit issues prevented them from qualifying for a mortgage.
While people who earn less than $40,000 annually cite finance and credit issues as the main barriers to owning their own homes, people earning more than $100,000 often cite personal preferences as the driving factor behind their decisions to rent. For example, the top earners were 20 percent more likely to rent for convenience compared to people earning $40,000, or less. And, 31 percent of people in the highest wage bracket thought it was cheaper to rent than invest in a homestead. People in all income brackets may rent because they are planning to relocate soon, buy a home in the future or just prefer to rent rather than commit to a long-term contract.
Renting usually comes with perks like not having to maintain a lawn, lower utility bills and sometimes free internet and cable. You can also pack up and move whenever you want, without the hassle of trying to sell your home or becoming an unwilling landlord who has to assume those mundane tasks like mowing the yard and fixing the leaking roof.
So, what about home ownership?
While roughly 10 percent of the adult population doesn't plan to ever buy a house, most of us dream of having our own place. Remember that 81percent of respondents who would buy a house of their own if they could? Buying into the American Dream has its own set of benefits that goes beyond pride of ownership. For one thing, there are some tax benefits. Buying a house or condo means owners can deduct points and interest paid on mortgage, home improvement loans and home equity lines of credit (HELOC) associated with repairs and renovation projects. You can also tap into your IRA penalty free to buy a home, as long as you don't draw out more than $10,000. Another financial benefit is long-term appreciation as your home value grows.
Other factors motivate people to leave rental property in search of a private dwelling. Just slightly less than half (44 percent) of the respondents in the Fed survey who preferred to own rather than rent, said, they wanted to build equity rather than throw away hard earned cash on rent. Others said they like knowing how much their payments were going to be from month-to-month and year over year. Having the flexibility to customize a home to personal preferences and style, along with having fewer rules to follow, also made the list of reasons people preferred to own. And, some people just don't like to move. Once they find a spot they like, they plant themselves and dig in.
Here's an interesting item that came to light in the Fed's survey. On average, 28% of all participants believe it is cheaper to rent than to own. This tells us two things. Perception influences buying decisions, and education is important to help first time buyers understand financing options available.
So, let's discuss a few mortgage plans for current renters who may be wondering if they can afford to buy a home.
Few individuals will ever save enough money to plunk down a stack of cash to buy a home. People, who have contributed faithfully to a 401K, saving for retirement, could borrow against the fund to cover a down payment or pay down points. IRS rules allow homeowners to withdraw up to half of their nest egg in the form of a self-loan, to purchase a home. The withdrawal may not exceed $50,000. There are no penalties or taxes to pay as long as you pay back the loan, with interest, on time. Theoretically, you aren't really losing anything. Right?... Not exactly!
There are some very important things to consider. Depending on the 401K plan you have through your employer, you may not be allowed to continue to make deposits into the account every payday until the loan is satisfied. And, if your employer matches your contributions, you will lose those extra funds. Plus, if you quit or get fired before the loan is settled, you only have a two-month window to pay off your loan. What happens if you can't pay it back on time? You'll be hit with a 10 percent tax bill on the balance. Unless you are positive, you can keep your job and afford to pay back the full amount of the loan, don't do it!
Fortunately, you don't have to dip into your retirement nest egg. There are plenty of mortgage options offering a low down payment and reasonable interest rates, and some programs are specifically tailored for people with limited credit.
Before we look at a four mortgage options, let's talk interest rates.
Interest rates directly impact a home buyer's ability to make monthly payments, but they aren't the be all and end all of getting a good mortgage. You must consider the interest rate, the length of the loan and down payment requirements to ascertain whether a mortgage is truly affordable.
Here is an example to show you why all three matter.
Let's say you're buying a $150,000 home and plan to pay taxes and insurance separately, which is not likely, but this is just an example. If you are approved for an FHA loan with a 3.5 percent down payment, you would only need to come up with $5,250, before origination fees and closing costs. With an interest rate of 4.25 percent on a thirty-year fixed mortgage, your monthly payment would be $712. An interest rate of 5.75 percent would push that payment up to $845 per month.
Shortening the term to twenty years, while keeping a 4.25 percent interest rate means you'd be paying $896, but you would shave ten years off the mortgage, saving $41,280 in the process, assuming you kept the home for the full term of the contract. Bumping the down payment to 10 percent, or $15,000, on a 30 year loan at 4.25 percent would drop the payments $48 a month. See what we mean? It is critical to carefully consider how much you can afford and then partner with a lender to find a loan package that works best for you.
Now let's look at those mortgage loan types.
The Federal Housing Administration (FHA) guarantees loans for people with exceptional credit and people with very low credit scores, no credit history and even past problems with bankruptcies. The 3.5 percent minimum down payment is a great solution for people who have a strong debt-to-income (DTI) ratio, but may not have a bundle of cash for upfront costs. People with a credit score below 600 may have to pony up a down payment closer to 10 percent to secure the loan.
Veteran Affairs finances up to 100 percent of the loan value, at competitive interest rates, for active duty, reservists, retired military personnel and qualified dependents. Interest rates are low, and you don't have to pay PMI or upfront mortgage insurance payments. Plus, seller contributions are allowed, capped at 4 percent.
Here's a great mortgage option for home buyers who need to use non-borrower income and nontraditional credit sources to qualify. The Fannie Mae “Home Ready” mortgage program has flexible underwriting policies, up to 97 percent financing and even a cancellable mortgage insurance option to lower payments.
We saved the best for last, a mortgage that only requires a $100 – yes, you read that right – $100 down payment. It's called the “HUD Good Neighbor Next Door” program. Basically, you get to buy a designated HUD property at 50 percent of the appraised value. If you qualify for any FHA lending program, you only pay $100 down. You must live in the house for 36 months, or you have to pay back the 50 percent discount, but this is a great way to buy a starter home, or even a future investment property.
As you can see, there are many factors to consider when buying a home. Just because a client can qualify for a high interest loan with a large down payment doesn't mean he should. As a real estate professional, you should point your clients toward mortgage solutions that are fiscally responsible. But again please do not give any mortgage advice and leave that to the mortgage professionals.
4.3 Tax and Investment Aspects of Ownership
Transcript
Understanding the tax and investment aspects of home ownership will position buyers to capture all the benefits of home ownership available immediately and in the future.
As a real estate professional, you can guide first-time and experienced buyers toward wise investments by staying informed about changes in local, state and federal tax codes, new building regulations, and neighborhood amenities for every lifestyle.
In this lesson, we'll discuss some of the tax and investment aspects of home ownership every real estate agent needs to understand to become an advocate for both sellers and buyers.
Taxes are always on the minds of first time buyers, so let's begin there.
The tax code is like a lazy river, meandering downstream. On the surface, it looks like nothing really changes as the water moves along, but beneath the surface there are hidden hazards and treasures. Staying up-to-date on federal tax code changes ensures you never miss one of those beautiful treasures or trip over a hazard by claiming deductions that you aren't eligible for based on the type or use of your real estate.
Before we get into some examples of how homeowners can leverage tax deductions to reduce the costs of home ownership, let's look at a few important finance terms.
First time home buyers often don't recognize, or understand, industry jargon. Many are embarrassed to ask questions. Four words that usually show up in every initial mortgage conversation are: mortgage interest, discount points, loan origination fees and private mortgage insurance (PMI). These terms may come up when talking to clients about pre-qualifying and the true cost of financing, before making any offers.
You probably already know that mortgage interest is the fee lenders charge to offer loans secured by either a primary or secondary home, used primarily for personal use. This fee is structured much like a revolving loan. Interest is calculated every month, or after every scheduled payment, on the remaining principle over the term of the mortgage.
Loan origination fees, are a bit more complex. Lenders charge administrative fees for reviewing applications, verifying credit worthiness and processing paperwork prior to issuing a loan. The fee is based on the price of the real estate and typically equals 1% of the loan value. The origination fees cover the lender’s costs for funding the loan.
One term you will constantly come upon is “points”. What you have to remember is that one point is equal to one percent. So if you hear someone saying 3 points they mean three percent.
You will also hear the term “buydown” which is commonly used when buyers are looking to get discounted rates at least for the first years of their mortgage.
Discount points allow buyers to prepay interest in exchange for a reduced mortgage interest rate. You may opt to pay zero points, or go as high as 4 points, in some circumstances. As a rule of thumb, you can figure each point will cost about 1% of the loan amount.
So, a one point buydown on a $90,000 mortgage equals $900 which is in essence one percent of the mortgage amount. Two points equals $1800, three points equals $2700, on so on.
There are some conditions that govern the buy down. For example, homeowners must utilize the cash accounting method when preparing tax returns to claim deductions– most people do anyway. And, the size of the buy down must be customary for the neighborhood.
A word of caution before we move on to the last term on our list!
There are many types of points discussed during the mortgage application and funding stages. While discount points and loan origination fees are tax deductible, origination points are not. Some lenders tack on hidden fees under the label of origination points. If you ask for an itemize point statement, you may see charges for property inspections, a title search, lawyer fees, notary public services and other add-ons, all of which are not tax deductible items.
Just because you can't take an immediate deduction for origination points, it doesn't mean you should ignore them. Clients considering investing in rental property should know that discount points and origination points qualify as depreciation expenses, and can be amortized, along with certain other expenses of buying, building or improving real estate holdings over the life of the real property.
Private mortgage insurance, often referred to simply as PMI, is protection for the lender, if a buyer fails to make payments. This insurance premium is typically included in the total monthly mortgage payment; however a one-time payment may be made at closing. Some lenders allow a large PMI down payment and smaller monthly installments as part of the regular mortgage schedule. PMI may be dropped after the balance falls below a predetermined amount, because this type of coverage is usually only required on conventional loans with a down payment less than 20%, or if the buyer wants to refinance a home with less than 20% equity built up.
OK. Now, that you know some common mortgage terms, let's talk about the federal tax benefits of owning real estate.
Homeowners who file a 1040 and itemize deductions on Schedule A, can usually deduct mortgage interest paid, discount points, some real estate taxes, origination fees, and PMI associated with first mortgages, second mortgages, equity loans and lines of credit secured by your primary residence or a second home.
Let's go over a few of the most common deduction scenarios.
Homeowners may deduct mortgage interest paid on a debt secured by a primary or secondary home, wholly or partially owned. That simply means you can own 100% of the real estate, or share ownership with one or more people. The Internal Revenue Service considers any real property that has sleeping, cooking and bathroom facilities a qualified home. So, along with accessing tax benefits for traditional homes like condos, trailer houses and single-family residences, if you live in a mortgaged house boat, recreational vehicle or other structure that fits the description above, you can deduct interest paid, as long as you use the property solely for your own personal use, with a few exceptions.
Commercial and rental properties fall under different umbrellas in the tax code; will briefly talk about those items later.
Here are three examples that demonstrate how ownership percentages and use rules affect deduction allowances.
In the first scenarios, let's say Jeffry fully owns his residence, and occupies that home all year long. Each year, his lender provides a 1098 Form detailing the total interest, discount points and PMI paid in the previous year. If the 1098 Form shows Jeffry paid $2000, and that amount is less than the value of his home, he can usually deduct the full amount.
But, what if Jeffry shares an ownership interest? For this example, let's say Jeffry shares ownership equitably with four other people. Based on the details in the previous example where the annual 1098 statement reflects $2000 in payments, Jeffry can only deduct $400, which is the total divided equally among the five owners.
It is possible to structure ownership with different ownership percentages, based on the original purchase contract, or the amount each buyer invests in the purchase and/or property improvements. For example, Jeffry could own 60% and each of the other four owners own a 10% share.
Now imagine that Jeffry owns 100% interests in his home and wants to rent out a couple of rooms to earn some extra money or defray costs of ownership. As long as he does not lease any part of his home for purposes other than residential living, and the leased space is not self-contained, meaning it could not be construed as a complete home unit with separate cooking facilities, bathroom and sleeping quarters, Jeffry can treat the rented space as part of his personal home for tax purposes, and claim the full tax benefits based on 1098 figures. One caveat, he is not allowed to lease the same space or different parts of his house to more than two renters at any time during the tax year.
There are dozens of other special rules and exceptions within the tax code that directly and indirectly benefit homeowners. IRS Publications 936, 17, 550 and 530 provide general information worth reading, if you find yourself wanting to become more proficient in ways that could help homeowners. That is not to say that you should give any accounting advice though. Leave that to the trained professionals.
Before we leave tax benefits, turn your attention to real estate taxes for a few minutes.
Real estate taxes are a tax deductible item. Real estate tax rates vary widely by state, town and even neighborhoods and communities within cities. Each appraisal district offers a diverse set of discounts and exemptions including adjustments for people over 65, Disabled Veterans and Non-Veteran Disabled Persons. Fortunately, homeowners can contest the assessed value and participate in open discussions during the proposed assessment phase. All tax assessments are based on Market Value, and differ according to the benefiting entity.
As an example, a combined tax statement for a rural town in Texas assessed a county tax at 0.0457330, a city tax at 0.0735200, a local independent school district at 1.3080400, the junior college at 0.366350 and the regional water district at a rate of 0.008026 for a total annual tax of $494.60 on a property with a market value of $17,200.
You may not deduct special fees that only apply to individual homeowners within a tax district, such as late fees, interest on unpaid tax bills and water connection fees or financed meter upgrades. All allowable taxes must meet a “conformity” standard, which means that all real estate owners in a common district or community are billed for the same entities at the same rate.
We have focused heavily on tax deductions and first-time homeowners so far in this lesson; however as you work to grow and cultivate your farm, you may work with commercial buyers, people looking to sell their homes, and investors.
For those of you who aren't familiar with the phrase “cultivate your farm,” successful real estate professionals sometimes pick a particular subdivision or section with a county and proactively “plant seeds,” they hope will help them generate future sales. They take the time to get to know the residents, find out what they like and don't like about their homes, and maintain contact with these people hoping when it comes time to buy or sell, they will call them first. Part of farming an area means you have the knowledge and resources to serve the community.
So, let's talk about capital gains for a few minutes, and shift our focus to sellers.
Capital gain is the effective profit or loss realized based on the difference between the sale price of a piece of real estate and the cost of acquiring the asset. We mentioned earlier that orientation points aren't deductible expenses. However when it comes time to sell a property, the net profit reflects adjustments for transaction fees, such a real estate agent commissions, attorney's fees and sales tax, among other expenses.
There are short-term capital gains and long-term capital gains. Real estate investments purchased and sold within a one year period have higher tax rates than assets held longer than twelve months. The current tax rate is based on marital status, tax brackets, and how the property was acquired.
The sale of a property does not push a tax payer into another tax bracket.
For almost two decades, the short-term rate has remained the same as “ordinary” income. However, long-term capital gains have fluctuated significantly, with a maximum effective tax rate as high as 40% in the mid 1970s. The effective tax rate for long-term holdings ranges from zero to 20% for most homeowners.
However, the maximum rate currently includes an additional 3.8% added to the capital gains bracket for the top earners in the United States, making the highest tax rate 23.8%. Top earners are classified as a single taxpayer that earns more than $200,000 per year, or a married couple filing jointly, who earns more than $250,000 per year.
But, what about accidental homeowners?
An accidental homeowner is someone who inherits a piece of real estate and decides to make the property their primary residence. Fortunately, immediately after they legally acquire the property, the cost is bumped up to fair market value, which means they do not have to pay capital gains tax on appreciation realized during the previous tenancy, or face a huge tax burden when the property value is worth much higher than the original cost.
In some instances, homeowners may be required to recapture depreciation when a piece of real estate is disposed of; this is primarily called into play when the sale price exceeds the cost.
Which brings us to a discussion about depreciation.
Tax depreciation is a gradual reduction in the value of your property that allows you to recover part of your cost or other basis in the form of a tax adjustment. You cannot depreciate land; however you can depreciate structures and improvements, including rental property. The most common depreciation method is known as the straight-line method, where you divide the value of your house by 27.5 to get the allowable annual depreciation deduction. So, assuming you have a rental home valued at $150,000, your annual deduction for residential property would be $5,454.54 which is the result of dividing $150,000 by 27.5.
Non-residential, commercial real estate is assumed to have a life-span of either 39 or 40 years, depending on whether you use the General Depreciation System (GDS) or the Alternative Depreciation System (ADS) to calculate annual loss in value based on wear and tear, damage and obsolescence. You calculate straight-line depreciation by dividing the difference in the salvage value and the purchase price, or cost to build the structures, by either 39 or 40. Land is not depreciated.
For now, let's leave ways to save money and move on to ways to make money and really capture the positive benefits of real estate investment activities.
From an investment perspective, taxes are not the only thing to consider when buying and selling real estate, maybe not even the most important consideration. A well-informed real estate agent understands the importance of building equity and exploiting appreciation as the market changes.
For example, single-family home values usually change based on market statistics (also called stats) and comparisons (also called comps). As transactions in a neighborhood generate higher sale prices based on normal inflation, as a response to the economy, or fluctuation in demand, property values increase for similar homes.
In multifamily environments, some investors proactively force the appraisal value to rise, by adding upgrades and amenity packages that boost revenue potential, then gradually increase base rents, which makes their properties more attractive to potential buyers.
Forcing appreciation doesn't work as well for personal homes as it does for apartments and planned communities. Over renovating a home in a modest neighborhood won't necessarily bring higher returns unless other home owners follow suit. Most home buyers who invest in a personal residence are more interested in growing their equity faster, to allow them to access available money for renovations or as a down payment on another home.
Buying low is the best way to grow an equity nest egg. Here's why. On a typical 30-year, fixed-rate mortgage it takes approximately 22 years to pay down half of the original loan principle. The first few years, the majority of each monthly payment goes to pay down the interest on the loan. Over the full term of the loan, a buyer with a $165,000 mortgage financed at 4.5% will pay a staggering $300,970. That's $135,970 in interest alone. More than 45% of total payments cover only interest.
It may not be a good idea to show potential buyers how much they will ultimately pay for a home if they plan to make payments that long, unless you plan to show them how they can save money by doubling up on their payments, or paying a little extra each month designated for reducing the principle – that shows them they have control over how quickly their equity builds up.
We've covered a lot in this lesson. The last section covers the Starker Exchanges also know as Like-kind or 1031 Exchanges.
If waiting impatiently for equity to grow, or trying to force faster appreciation, doesn't work for your real estate clients, you may introduce them to Exchanges as an investment tool.
Are you wondering what a 1031 Exchange looks like?
Here's a brief overview. The IRS code allows two property owners to literally trade like-kind property without paying capital gains taxes.
There are a few requirements that must be met for property owners to defer, or avoid tax liability. For one thing, these exchanges only apply to business and investment properties. You can't trade a private residence for another private residence. And, you can't exchange a piece of rental property for a moving van or construction crane, even if they are valued at the same price.
You could trade a four unit apartment home for a single-family rental, as long as the exchange results in the net market value and the property equity purchased is the same or greater than the property you're selling. You can also apply reasonable acquisition expenses to the cost of the new property.
Here's an example of what it would look like.
Say you have a multifamily apartment building valued at $1.5 million and a mortgage of $400,000. And you want to work an exchange to avoid paying any capital gains tax. You could purchase a single-family home, or several properties that have a combined market value of at least $1.5 million, and you would need to carry over a minimum of $400,000 in mortgage liability.
It isn't as easy as simply transferring the deeds, although that is allowed, because finding another business property owner with a similar valued property, as yours, who is looking for a quick swap would be like finding a specific grain of sand in the middle of the Sahara Desert. Usually an investor first sells a property, and then reinvests the proceeds in a property with a similar cash value, and functionality – equipment for equipment, structures for structures, etc.
Often investors involve a third party to act as a middle man, or open an LLC so their business can hold the assets in escrow until a suitable swap can be found. There are other options, but these are the most popular.
This strategy works very well for investors who are looking to change the type of business real estate they own. For example, a property owner may want to trade an assisting living property for seniors for a high rise that caters to college students. Or, a management company may be looking to expand single-family homes and move away from multifamily complexes. Sometimes companies want to invest in another area, so they look to real estate in other towns or states to complete a like-kind exchange.
One last thing to consider with 1031 Exchange transactions; buyers have several timing limitations. For example, the property seller only has 45 days to identify up to three potential properties that would qualify as like-kind properties. It is possible to swap four or more properties, providing the combined total does not add up to more than 200% of the real estate being sold. And, all transactions must be completed within six months, or 180 calendar days, of the first closing, unless the property owner files for a tax extension.
We've only touched on the 1031 Tax-Deferred Exchange options. It is quite entertaining to read through examples of how investors put their creative spirit to work negotiating deals. It is a high-stakes game for some people to see if they can find similar properties in areas they want and get all their I's dotted and T's crossed in time to avoid paying capital gains taxes.
You have a responsibility as a real estate agent or broker to learn as much as you can about helping your clients make wise decisions as they buy and sell in the market place. Armed with the topics covered in this session, you can better help your customers understand the tax and investment aspects of home ownership.
4.3a Depreciation Infographic
Please spend a few minutes reviewing the Infographic below.
4.4 Homeowner's Insurance
Transcript
The typical American does not have the funds or available credit to replace the home and all of the things inside if a fire destroys everything. And, most mortgage companies require a minimum amount of insurance to protect their investment in your property. Protecting your assets, whether it is the dwelling and structures or the contents, is critical, unless you have financial assets available that could be used to replace your home after a significant loss.
Homeowners' insurance plans may cover the buildings, the contents, and/or liability in case someone is killed or injured on your property. Depending on the type of home you have, its age and where you live, you may only need one type of coverage, or you may need all three.
Here are a few of the most common insurance policies homeowners can consider.
Homeowners’ O (HO-0, Dwelling & Fire) is a limited perils policy that does not provide personal property, medical or liability coverage. If someone is hurt on your property, they may still sue you, but the insurance company is not obligated to defend you or help you reach a settlement.
Each insurance carrier has unique terms and conditions; however, most provide optional coverage for the damage specifically caused by the following events:
- Smoke infiltration related to natural causes and/or vandalism. By the way, vandalism, or malicious mischief are covered, even if arson isn't involved.
- Fire damage caused by lightning and accidents such as grease fires in the kitchen
- Riots or other civil disobedience activities
- Severe weather events, such as hail or driving winds
- Explosions
- Aircraft
- Volcanoes
Most policies have a limited reimbursement for damage caused by vehicles, providing you were not driving the vehicle or otherwise responsible for the damage. The thing to remember is that only listed perils are covered. So, if an old tree on your property falls and damages the roof of your house, you would only be covered if you can prove one of the listed perils, such as wind or lightning, was the stimulus.
Homeowners' 1 (HO-1, Basic) provides the same basic coverage for the ten perils listed above, plus glass breakage. This plan is not very popular and many agents don't recommend the coverage because it is too narrow. Contents may be added when the policy is purchased, providing each item is listed or valued at the time the policy is issued.
Homeowners' 2 (HO-2, Broad Form) policies are another example of named peril plans, only you get a little more coverage with the HO-2. All 11 of perils covered under an HO-1 plus six more are covered under an HO-2 policy. Along with protection against loss caused by fire and smoke, you have peace of mind that a heavy snowfall or ice that damages your roof or a faulty appliance in your home won't cost you a fortune to repair.
Homeowners' 3 (HO-3, Special Form) is one of the most common plans because everything is covered unless specifically excluded. HO-3 coverage is the minimum plan many mortgage lenders require to issue a loan. However, only structures and dwellings are covered. Personal property coverage only applies to perils listed. Some restrictions may apply, but general real property is covered at full replacement value, with no adjustment for depreciation.
Homeowners' 4 (HO-4, Tenant Coverage) While HO-4 is not for homeowners, real estate agents should recognize the term. HO-4 is similar to HO-2 and HO-3 in that these policies cover content perils typically seen in those two types of homeowner policies.
Homeowners' 5 (HO-5, Comprehensive) Some agents proclaim that HO-5 is the top of the line policy available in the United States. Unlike many of the other homeowners' insurance packages that only cover what is specifically listed, the HO-5 covers everything that isn't listed as exclusion and you can add endorsements to expand coverage. Both contents and the dwelling are covered against damage and loss. You can buy an HO-5 policy, or you can add riders to an HO-3 to bring it up to the same basic coverage.
Homeowners' 6 (HO-6, Condominium Insurance) This is a hybrid policy that is similar to HO-2 and HO-4. Designed specifically for condo owners, this type of coverage protects owners against content loss like the renters' policy and also covers the walls, ceiling, floors and other structural features in the home. Essentially, the policy covers personal liability and personal property under a named-peril umbrella for the structure.
Homeowners' 7 (HO-7, Mobile Home Insurance) is a policy specifically written to cover residences that fall into the manufactured home or mobile home classification. It is similar to the HO-3 coverage, with some limitations and exclusions; however this policy type is a comprehensive plan that covers many perils.
Homeowners' 8 (HO-8, Older Homes Coverage) is one of the common policies homeowners choose if they live in an older residence, especially if it would be a hardship to replace the property if severely damaged, or destroyed. Like other Named Perils Policies, HO-8 only covers specific items listed in the policy. The plan typically pays the actual cash value minus depreciation, because it would cost more to repair the dwelling and outbuildings than replace them in many instances.
Water damage is never covered under an HO-8 policy, or most other HO types, but you can add a rider that covers different kinds of water damage from overflowing a bathtub to damage caused by a flood. There may be coverage limits in any of the HO plans that affect the amount you can recover per claim, too. For example, theft, vehicle damage or vandalism may be limited to $1,000 per claim. It is very important to check exclusions and limitations carefully before buying or recommending an insurance policy.
Now, let's talk about flood insurance and whether you should invest in a rider or flood policy.
You probably noticed that none of the previously mentioned policies mention flood and water damage, although a non-peril based plan will provide water damage coverage, unless specifically excluded. Fortunately, there is another option for homeowners who live in flood-prone areas. The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) oversees and manages the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP). While many people assume that FEMA funds are available to almost everyone, there are some restrictions.
For example, there is a narrow definition of what NFIP covers and what it will not. Loss initiated from a real flood is defined as an excess of water that covers at least two acres, or at least two properties, one owned by the homeowner who wants to file a claim. The initial cause may be a river overflowing, tidal waves coming on shore due to damaged flood gates or natural barriers, or even heavy rains that produce excessive runoff. The federal government building policy is not intended to replace content insurance, and this protection must be purchased individually.
A standard flood insurance policy is similar to any other peril-based policy. It only covers that specific peril and damage resulting in loss. As mentioned above, contents and liability are not covered unless you purchase content protection separately. Also, your NFIP policy covers replacement costs, but is not a guaranteed replacement cost policy. Actual cash value is calculated by deducting reasonable depreciation. For example, FEMA may deduct 10% to 15% of the value of wall-to-wall carpeting per year, depending on the quality of the flooring.
Whereas, homeowner policies may be value-based; flood insurance reimbursements are based on the cost to repair or replacement cost. So, for example, let's say that your home and contents are totally destroyed by a tornado and it costs you $175,000 to repair your home. If your homeowner’s policy had a maximum value of $250,000, you would receive $250,000. With NFIP, you would only receive the amount it takes to repair or replace based on the actual cost value up to the policy limit.
Determining how much coverage you need, can be tricky, but it is worth the time investment. Since NFIP policies never pay out more than the insurance plan limit, you must carefully consider how much it will cost you to repair or replace your property based on the same formulas that FEMA uses. Like auto insurance and medical insurance, if you establish a higher deductible, you will have lower payments. But, it may be hard to come up with enough money to recover from a flood situation if you set a deductible so high you cannot afford to complete the repairs.
Deciding how much coverage you need depends on your dwellings, or building property, your personal assets and uninsured items. When you talk with an insurance agent about coverage, ask plenty of questions and read the fine print. You may be surprised to learn that while drywall for walls and ceilings is covered in the basement, drywall isn't covered for elevated floors. And, furnaces and water heaters are covered under the building property, but refrigerators are not a covered appliance. Insurance usually covers the food freezers and food lost during an electricity outage.
In order to be eligible for replacement cost value (RCV) under a NFIP plan your residence must be a single-family home, and must be occupied at least 80% of the time by the homeowner. Additionally, building coverage must be 80% or more of the full replacement cost of the structure, or the maximum available under NFIP guidelines. It is important to meet all three of these requirements to qualify for RCV coverage.
When deciding how much coverage you should buy, keep in mind there are many items not covered under either personal property or building property. For example, window treatments, blinds, shutters and curtains are excluded along with most personal property like computers, kitchen utensils, plates, and other electronic equipment. You will be responsible for replacing most of these items and you shouldn't calculate replacement value when determining coverage limits. Talking with your mortgage broker or insurance agent may help you create an accurate estimate about how much it would cost to replace your home and covered contents if a flood event occurred in your neighborhood.
The reality is that most homeowners could benefit from flood insurance. The NFIP offers affordable policies for around $700 a year. And, when you consider that the average residential claim for flood damage a few years ago was more than $42,000, you can see the benefit far outweighs the costs. Currently the maximum coverage amount for flood related losses is $250,000 for buildings and $100,000 for eligible covered content, but you can buy additional coverage from private insurance agent. And, you can purchase policies with lower limits if you live in a low-risk area. There is also an option called the Fair Access to Insurance Requirements (FAIR) program designed for homeowners with unique challenges and risks. This state-mandated program helps high-risk homeowners gain access to affordable cover if they live in a flood-prone area or have had multiple FEMA claims.
Although many homeowners are underinsured in the United States, having insurance, is a wise choice. As a real estate agent working with potential home buyers, it is your responsibility to help them understand the benefits of protecting their assets.
Key Terms
ChapterUse the lotion as a final touch during waxing treatment. It prevents ingrown hair, removes irritation and redness after treatment, softens and soothes skin.
Active components: Salicylic Acid. pH = 4.
Application:
As a final touch after waxing treatment; apply on clean dry skin. Then use the lotion daily to prevent ingrown hair.
Volume: 250 ml.Cases and Materials on International Law draws together in one volume an exhaustive selection of cases, materials and background information on public international law, supplemented by expert commentary and analysis. It is widely recognized as the leading cases and materials text on this area of law. This new edition has been completely revised to incorporate all major developments in the subject, including the expansion of human rights issues.Hey!
I have hardly posted anything this month and I’m sadly not getting through my Halloween themed TBR like I had hoped either. 😦 It’s been a busy month for me and kind of a crazy one too, especially the stress factor of it all. This weekend I’m supposed to be having a Halloween themed engagement party and hopefully that’ll be fun. I get to make all the dessert for the party, which I am stoked about. I just hope they turn out okay! I figured I would do another picture post update since I haven’t really been updating my blog much this month. I hope you enjoy!
I mentioned my engagement party that’s this weekend and I got some wedding gifts early! I thought I would share them, because I love them so much! The fiance’s parents got us this armadillo lamp and this stag head wall decor. I LOVE THEM SO MUCH! You have no idea. I had them on my registry and I am so glad I got them. My cousin/bestie got one of my engagement pictures blown up and framed for us, which is so awesome. It’s one of my favorite pictures we took.
Celebrated the fiance’s 3oth birthday earlier this month. I surprised him with things the entire weekend. On Friday I gave him some birthday presents, Saturday we had pizza, and then Sunday I decorated our bedroom door with balloons and banners.
Sunsets will forever be my thing. I am obsessed with taking pictures of them and I’m sure I have said that a million times on here, lol. Here are a few I’ve taken recently.
The furbabies! I tried to get a “Fallish” picture of Dax, but he wouldn’t really sit for the picture. The only reason why I have any of the cats is because they like to get in my way when I take pictures for my bookstagram, LOL.
More furbaby pictures, because I love these guys so much. ColbyJack and October playing with a treat toy. Dax and October laying together.
Trying to get back into the gym. I don’t have that much longer to lose some pounds and shape up before my wedding. I feel like time is flying. My wedding is in FIVE months and I feel like I’m drowning in things to do. To relax and take away some of the stress, I picked up coloring again. My cousin got me some new adult coloring books.
I am currently reading Sanctum, which is the second book in the Asylum series. I really enjoyed Asylum and Sanctum is pretty good as well. It’s taking me awhile to get through it though, because I feel like I haven’t fully gotten out of this lame reading slump I’ve been in for months. I did also decide to take a break from this to read Dark Matter since it was going to be returned to the library in a few days.
So I was taking a picture for my bookstagram and I was using these books, because I needed books with maps. Well after taking off my book sleeves, I discovered that my A Court of Mist and Fury book is missing the title and stuff on the spine! WTF!? LOL. I’m a bit annoyed by that, but it’s also kind of funny. Anyone else have any problems like this with their book or any books? Someone told me they seen some people have issues with the Six of Crows book where it was printed upside down or only half printed.
Below are some pictures I took for my bookstagram and for the photo a day challenge that I am doing. Feel free to add my on Instagram! foreverbookish_ (bookstagram) & heyyitsashley (personal account). I’ll tell you the theme for the pictures below.
Green Books & Sock Sunday
Rainbow Books & Fall Colored Books
Fairytale Book & Book + Coffee
I ordered the Hocus Pocus box from Appraising Pages and I finally got it. Everything is perfect! I’ll be doing an unboxing on my bookstagram in a couple of days. I’ll also do a post at some point this week with what’s inside too. The Novl sent me an ARC of Love and First Sight and I am so stoked! It’s a book that I really really want to read!
In case you missed it;
Thoughts|| Dark Matter.
Thoughts|| A Monster Calls.
I hope you have a great day!
11 thoughts on “Random|| Update & Bookish Pictures.”
I love those displays. Good luck with the engagement party.
Marilyn
Thank you! 😀
Your pets are absolutely adorable! Seems like you’ve had a fun month so far! Happy Belated Birthday to your fiancé! And congrats on your engagement. That’s wonderful!
Thank you 😀 I’m obsessed with my pets so much, lol.
These are some fabulous photos! 😍 Congrats on your engagement and your fiance’s birthday! Did you guys set a date yet? Or shouldn’t I be asking that? 😁 (I was engaged for over a year before I got married and got so annoyed by ppl asking me the same question 😂)
Thank you! 😀 The wedding is March 25, 2017. So far I haven’t been asked too many times about the date yet, so it hasn’t gotten on my nerves yet! haha.
Ooh, you still have a few months to go then! Time truly flies with all the preparations, though! 😉 *Phew* 😀
Pingback: Tag|| Netgalley. | socially awkward bookworm.
Pingback: Monthly Subscriptions. | socially awkward bookworm.
Pingback: Friday Finds #59. | socially awkward bookworm.
love your furbabies! They look so sweet 🙂 and I am obsessed with your palm tree sunset picture its beautiful!Introduction
The present general conditions of use of the website, regulate the terms and conditions of access and use of, property of WorldMetor, SL, with address in C / Costanilla, 40 (14460 – Dos Torres – Córdoba) and With Fiscal Identification Code number B14915698, hereinafter referred to as “the Company”, which the user of the Portal must read and accept to use all the services and information provided by the portal. In any case, the use of this website Is for people over 18 Conditions of Use of the Portal.
Definitions
The Parties agree that the following terms have the meaning indicated below: The Portal: The website located at the following Internet address:, as well as in any subdomain or extension thereof.
User: Person who accesses the Portal and / or uses the services or accessible information..
Modifications
The Portal reserves the right to modify the General Conditions of Use of the Portal at any time. In any case, it is recommended that you periodically consult these General Conditions of Use of the Portal, as they can be modified., deactivate and / or cancel any of the information or services. The Portal will make its best efforts to try to guarantee the availability and accessibility of the Portal. However, at times, for reasons of maintenance, updating, change of location, etc., may lead to interruption of access to the Portal. The Portal offers access to information and services as such, and does not provide any equipment, material or Service to access them. For the correct access and use of certain information and services, the User must download on their computers certain programs.
The Portal does not intervene in the creation of those contents and / or services provided or supplied by third parties in and / or through the Portal, just as it does not control its legality. In any case does not offer any kind of guarantee on them. The User acknowledges that the Portal is not and will not be responsible for the contents and / or services provided or supplied by third parties in and / or through the Portal. The User agrees that the Portal shall not be liable for any damages or losses resulting from the use of this information or services of third parties.
Cost
There are certain contents, data, information and services that to access them, the User must pay a consideration. In these cases, the Portal will inform the User in advance.
User Obligations
The User must at all times respect decision making with economic implications already Who knows that such information and services are not up to date and may contain inaccuracies or errata. Likewise, in those cases where information or information is requested, it is obliged not to falsify its identity by impersonating any other person. The User accepts that the use of the Portal will be made equipment Computer or telecommunication.
The User will not use the Portal to send advertising that is not authorized by the recipient.
The User agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Portal for any damages, damages, penalties, fines, penalties or damages that the Portal has to face, as well as, including attorneys ‘fees and / or attorneys’ fees, Arising from the breach of these General Conditions by the User..
Responsibility of the Portal
The User acknowledges and accepts that the Portal does not grant any guarantee of any nature, either express or implied, about the data, contents, information and services that are incorporated and offered from the Portal. Except in cases where the Law expressly imposes otherwise , And exclusively with the extent and extent it imposes, Portal does not guarantee or assume any responsibility regarding the possible damages and damages caused by the use and use of the information, data and services of the Portal.
In any case, the Portal excludes any liability for damages and losses that may be due to information and / or services provided or supplied by third parties other than the Company. All responsibility will be from the third party, supplier, collaborator or other.
Personal data
The personal data received will be processed in accordance with Organic Law 15/1999 of 13 December on the Protection of Personal Data and other regulations in force in Spain. The personal data obtained by the Portal for the provision of any service or use of the Portal will be integrated in a computerized file, created and maintained under the responsibility of WorldMetor, SL The data obtained will be used to provide the requested services and will also be used to keep the user informed about the novelties of the services and contents of the Portal, taking into account, where appropriate, may exercise the rights of access, rectification, opposition and cancellation of the data he has provided at any time, by e-mail info@worldmetor.com or by going to the following address: C / Costanilla, 40 (14460 – Dos Torres – Córdoba).
The Portal adopts for the treatment of the data all the technical and organizational security measures that are of obligation, in accordance with the established by the current legislation.
Intellectual and industrial property
All contents, trademarks, logos, drawings, documentation, computer programs or any other element susceptible of protection by the intellectual or industrial property laws, that are accessible in the Portal correspond exclusively to the Company or its legitimate owners and are expressly reserved The same is restricted. In any case, the Portal reserves all rights over the contents, information data and services that it has on them. The Portal does not grant any license or authorization of use to the User on its contents, data or services, other than that expressly detailed in the present General Conditions of Use of the Portal.
Applicable legislation, jurisdiction and notifications
These Terms are governed and interpreted in accordance with the Laws of Spain. In case of any conflict or discrepancy, the competent jurisdiction will be established by the Spanish legislation in its law on consumers and users. All notices, requests, requests and other communications that the User wishes to make to the Company that owns the Portal must be made in writing and it will be understood that they have been correctly made when they have been received by email at info@worldmetor.com or at the following address C / Costanilla, 40 (14460 – Dos Torres – Córdoba).
Nullity and ineffectiveness of clauses
If any clause included in these General Conditions is declared totally or partially null or ineffective, such nullity or ineffectiveness will only affect that provision or the part thereof that is null or ineffective, with the present general conditions remaining in all matters Other, considering such provision totally or partially not included.
Good faith and diligence
The Parties undertake to fulfill their obligations and to exercise the rights arising from these conditions in accordance with the strictest requirements of good faith and diligence.An Engineer Says What?
Amanda sent me this list of Engineering Speak. Having used most of these phrases at one point or another, I can vouch for their accuracy1.
From humour.200ok.com.au:
Engineer says: A number of different approaches are being tried
Engineer means: We are still grasping at straws
Engineer says: Major technological breakthrough
Engineer means: It works OK, but looks very hi-tech
Engineer says: Preliminary operational tests were inconclusive
Engineer means: The darn thing blew up when we threw the switch
Engineer says: Test results were extremely gratifying
Engineer means: We are so surprised that the stupid thing works
Engineer says: The entire concept will have to be abandoned
Engineer means: The only person who understood the thing quit
Engineer says: It is in process
Engineer means: It is so wrapped up in red tape that the
situation is hopeless
Engineer says: We’ll look into it
Engineer means: Forget it! We have enough problems for now
Engineer says: Please read and initial
Engineer means: Let’s spread the responsibility for the mistake
Engineer says: Years of development
Engineer means: One finally worked
Read the rest at
Found via Amanda Walton(@AmandaWalton / TeslaSaysHi.com)0The Post-9/11 GI Bill has helped millions of servicemembers pursue college degrees, vocational training, and coursework. The Bill has become even more valuable for military families with a recent addition. This new option permits servicemembers to transfer the GI Bill to a spouse or family member, who can take advantage of the education benefits.
A recent report from the Department of Veterans Affairs reveals that 79 percent of veterans enrolled in higher education were beneficiaries of the post-9/11 program. Signed into law in 2009 and expanded last year, the bill provides education benefits for servicemembers on active duty for 90 or more days since September 10, 2001. Service personnel are entitled to full tuition and fee payments, a housing allowance, and an annual stipend of up to $1,000 for books and supplies.
Now that servicemembers can transfer the GI Bill to a spouse, all or part of any unused education benefits can be gifted as long as the request is completed while serving as an active member of the armed forces.
Transfer Eligibility
Requests for transfers may be made by any servicemember, officer or enlisted, meeting these requirements:
- Eligible for the Post-9/11 GI Bill program
- A member of the United States armed forces
- On active duty or selected reserve
Effective July 20, 2019, transfer eligibility will be limited to servicemembers with less than 16 years of active duty or selected reserve service. Beyond those rules, you must satisfy at least one of these criteria:
- Have a minimum of six years’ service on the request date and agree to serve an additional four years from the date of benefits transfer.
- Have at least ten years’ service on the request date and be precluded by either standard policy (by your service branch or the DoD) or statute from committing to four more years of service (but you must agree to serve the maximum amount of time allowed).
- Be eligible for retirement as of August 1, 2012, and agree to serve an additional four years after that date.
To receive the education benefits under the GI Bill transfer provision, your husband or wife must be enrolled in the Defense Eligibility Enrollment Reporting System (DEERS) and be eligible for benefits at the time of transfer.
Requesting Transfer
Remembering that all requests must be submitted while still on active or reserve duty, use the Transfer of Education Benefits (TEB) website to get the process underway (milconnect.dmdc.osd.mil/milconnect). On this site, you can designate, modify, and revoke a Transfer of Entitlement (TOE) request. Then, after leaving the armed forces, transferors may set a future TOE use date, modify the number of months transferred, or revoke the entitlement. Once submitted, the transfer will be approved (or denied) by the DoD.
Using Transferred Benefits
Upon approval, benefits are immediately available whether the servicemember remains in the armed forces or has left active duty. If the last discharge was before January 1, 2013, the benefit may be used for up to 15 years; otherwise, there is no time limit. Note that families are not eligible for the monthly housing allowance while the servicemember is on active duty. Your spouse may apply to use the education benefits on the Veterans Affairs Website () or by completing VA Form 22-1990e.
GI Bill for Dependents Alleviates Family Education Costs
Once the GI Bill education benefits are transferred and approved, your spouse’s next task will be to find a degree or training program that fits his or her goals. The options are endless, ranging from business degrees to trade skills to professional certifications. When selecting an institution, applicants should investigate GI Bill-friendly colleges offering military tuition assistance, prior learning credits, and military discounts. These schools, such as National University (), can be easily identified, many stating on their websites that they are “army-friendly colleges” or “military-friendly colleges.” Also look for schools like National University that participate in the Post-9/11 GI Bill and Yellow Ribbon programs.
Learn more about your benefits and how to transfer GI Bill benefits to a spouse on the Veterans Affairs GI Bill website ().
For more information about National University’s educational programs and services for active duty and veteran servicemembers, please visit our website.FUJII Teruo
President, The University of Tokyo / Project Leader, Strategic Promotion of Ocean Research Project, The Engineering Academy of Japan
What kind of approach is necessary in order to use the ocean, a shared resource for those of us living on planet Earth, in sustainable ways in the future? Based on such an awareness of the issue, The Engineering Academy of Japan prepared an Ocean Terroir proposal in March 2021. This article examines the “Sea of Fertility”, a future vision for the ocean based on the proposal’s underlying philosophy, and also introduces approaches for developing the technology needed for creating high added value as mankind endeavors to coexist sustainably with nature.
YAMATO Hiroyuki
Chairman, Planning and Design Center for Greener Ships / Visiting Professor, Yokohama National University / Professor Emeritus, The University of Tokyo
In the transition to zero emissions for vessels employed in international shipping, developing technology for new marine engines and their fuel, as well as for reducing hull resistance is an issue of utmost importance. At the same time, it is imperative to respond to international environmental regulations, establish an infrastructure for supplying new fuels, determine future transport demand, investigate financing prospects, and ensure the steady growth of stakeholders in the shipping economy. The shipbuilding industry must conduct comprehensive and future-oriented examinations from the viewpoints of both technology and the economy, and through demonstrating this, combine forces with maritime clusters to propose and provide vessel systems optimized for the transition to zero-emission international shipping.
KOYAMA Mototaka
Team TANIWA
The Tango region of northern Kyoto Prefecture. Here, traces of human interactions mediated by the sea can be found everywhere. Many excavated artifacts which can be considered as evidence for this have been discovered in ancient ruins and burial mounds. Such traces aren’t limited to things from ancient times, nor to physical objects. Even as eras change, it is possible to also find those traces in tales and festivals related to Shinto and Buddhism. I would like to introduce some examples of that here.
GIFT CERTIFICATE
AD TO CART then finish checking out and print your invoice, your invoice will have a number. To use your gift certificate call us at 888-221-7164 with the invoice number and the part numbers you want to order, or send us an email with the same information.
HOW TO GIVE your gift certificate as a present:
1. right click on the image of the gift certificate, print it, write the invoice/order number on it
2. print your invoice and give it to the recipient
Part #: 55.Andhra to launch India’s first govt run ambulance network for animals
Mobile ambulances shall provide veterinary first aid services along with spot diagnosis and attending to emergency cases
To further boost the animal husbandry and veterinary sector in Andhra Pradesh, the state government has now decided to set up “India’s first government-run ambulance network” for animals.
Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy has made one of its main missions to help reach out to the distressed animals and provide them with proper animal healthcare. The Animal Husbandry Department has been further directed to set up one Mobile Ambulance Veterinary Clinic at every assembly constituency, the Chief Minister’s Office (CMO) said.
A total of 175 mobile ambulances (veterinary) clinics will be placed at Assembly Constituency Level on the lines of 108 Services for providing Veterinary services at the doorstep.
These mobile ambulances shall provide veterinary first aid services along with spot diagnosis and attending to emergency cases. One of the major facilities these ambulances will provide is the ‘Hydraulic Lift’ facility to lift animals and shift them to the nearest Government Veterinary Facility in case of emergency.
One veterinary doctor, One Para-veterinary worker, will be assigned to every ambulance. These ambulances will also have a 24/7 toll-free call centre.
The department of Animal Husbandry has briefed the Chief Minister that there are around 1,576 veterinary dispensaries established across the state, with around 1,376 veterinary doctors recruited.
The Chief Minister said that more veterinary doctors need access for better functioning and better treatment.
Stressing further on the medications being supplied, Reddy had directed the officials to ensure that quality medication should be provided to animals.Thesis: Semi-Riemannian Noncommutative Geometry, Gauge Theory, and the Standard Model of Particle Physics
Abstract
The subject of this PhD thesis is noncommutative geometry - more specifically spectral triples - and how it can be generalized to semi-Riemannian manifolds generally, and Lorentzian manifolds in particular. The first half of this thesis will thus be dedicated to the transition from Riemannian to semi-Riemannian manifolds. This entails a study of Clifford algebras for indefinite vector spaces and Spin structures on semi-Riemannian manifolds. An important consequence of this is the introduction of Krein spaces, which will enable us to generalize spectral triples to indefinite spectral triples. In the second half of this thesis, we will apply the formalism of noncommutative differential forms to indefinite spectral triples to construct noncommutative gauge theories on Lorentzian spacetimes. We will then demonstrate how to recover the Standard Model.
- Publication:
- arXiv e-prints
- Pub Date:
- November 2018
- arXiv:
- arXiv:1812.00038
- Bibcode:
- 2018arXiv181200038B
- Keywords:
- Mathematical Physics;
- High Energy Physics - Theory;
- Mathematics - Differential Geometry;
- Mathematics - Operator Algebras
- E-Print:
- 180 pages, PhD thesisJade Signature EnterprisesPort Harcourt, Rivers
Ratings
Average rating: 0 of 5 based on 0 users
Rate This!
Rate This!
RecommendationsRecommend this Service
5228
Request for this Service Chat Now
Contact Phone Number:
07064937247
DescriptionJade Signature Enterprises is an event management company that helps in planning and execution of all types events by providing services such as sound system, venue decoration and many others.
AddressNo 116 Elekahia road, Rumuomasi,,<<UK registered organisations can apply for a share of up to £865,000 to develop collaborative innovation projects in partnership with organisations from participating EUREKA members and GlobalStars countries.
Eligibility summary
This competition is open to collaborations only.
To be eligible for grant funding from Innovate UK your collaboration:
- must be led by a UK registered business of any size
- must involve at least one UK registered SME, if the lead is not an SME
- must include at least one Taiwan registered organisation
- can include additional eligible partners from EUREKA members or GlobalStars countries participating in the competition
- can include other UK registered organisations.IRS Reporting Included in Final House Bill
11/08/2021
If you've been keeping up with the news, we're sure you've heard about House leadership proposing to require financial institutions to report additional amounts of membership data to the IRS. Credit unions have continuously worked and succeeded at keeping this policy out of legislative drafts. Still, the Credit Union National Association (CUNA) needs your help to ensure this policy is kept out of Congress' reconciliation bill.
Across the nation, credit unions and their members are voicing their concerns with this. Follow the link below to share your opposition with US Senators and US Representatives. We thank you in advance for your continued support and advocacy.LAHORE: Two brothers have been killed and one other sustained injuries in a fight between two sides in Shahdara neighbourhood of Lahore on Sunday, ARY NEWS reported.
According to police, the two sides after a quarrel opened fire at each other, resulting in the death of two brothers and injuring a passer-by.
“They have been identified as Zeeshan and Masood,” they said adding that the bodies and injured have been shifted to a hospital for medico-legal formalities and treatment respectively.
The police have collected evidence for forensic analysis from the spot and had also launched a search for the suspects involved in the incident.
The DIG Operations took notice of the incident and directed SP City to take action against the suspects.
In October this year, a man and his maternal nephew were gunned down within a span of hours in Lahore in separate incidents of firing as police feared the two incidents are linked to one another and are committed allegedly by similar people.
According to police, a rickshaw driver identified as Fayaz was murdered in the Defence C area yesterday, and hours later his nephew, Qasim, was killed in a similar way.
“Both the killings are linked to each other,” the police said while expressing suspicion that the same man or group is allegedly behind the murders.
The paternal uncle of 23-year-old Qasim while detailing the incident said that his nephew received multiple calls on Monday night between 12 midnight to 2:00 am and later went out.
“When he did not return until the morning, the family got worried and tried to approach him multiple times on his phone but could not reach out,” he said adding that later police informed him that he was shot in the chest at around 3:00 am.
You need to login to view and post FB Comments!Here.
The submitter will receive your feedback anonymously.Nizampatnam fishing harbour to be developed with Rs 450 crores
Rajya Sabha Member Mopidevi Venkata Ramana Rao addressing a meeting at Nizampatnam Port in Guntur district on Tuesday
The State government has decided to develop Nizampatnam fishing harbour at a cost of Rs 450 crore during the second phase expansion
Guntur: The State government has decided to develop Nizampatnam fishing harbour at a cost of Rs 450 crore during the second phase expansion
The officials will start the work on October 8. First they will start sea mouth strengthening work. The sea mouth will be strengthened both sides of sea 1.5 kms each for the convenience of the boats coming to the seashore. The officials are making necessary arrangements to start dredging works.
There is a possibility of big catchment of fish at Nizampatnam Port after Vizag.
As a part of developing the port, the government will construct godowns, cold storage units and one-and-a-half kilometres long jetty.
The government is planning to develop the harbour taking future needs into consideration. The Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy decided to develop one port in nine coastal districts in the State and giving top priority for port development, marine and aqua culture. Fishing harbour development work is expected to be completed within one-and-a-half years.
Rajya Sabha member Mopidevi Venkata Ramana Rao visited Nizampatnam harbour on Tuesday and conducted a review meeting with the officials.
Speaking to the media, he said, "If fishing harbour is developed, fish catchment will increase. Cold storage unit facility would be available at the harbour. Similarly, 50 types of activities will start." "The government will develop Machilipatnam harbour at a cost of Rs 450 crore, Uppada Harbour at a cost of Rs400 crore and given necessary sanctions for the development.
After Gujarat, there is a scope for development of ports in the state," he added.
Values of items with the Fluctuating trend are usually valued based on their RAP. You can use the RAP requirements table below to help determine when an item might change to a different value tier.
Compare an item's current RAP against its current value tier listed in the RAP Requirements Table. If the RAP is lower than the RAP required to sustain its current value, its value may be lowered by our values team. If the RAP supports a higher value tier, its value may be raised by our values team.
>>
Electric sockets
The majority of connections in electric network of the car is executed by multicontact sockets in the plastic case. Sections (half) of sockets after connection usually are kept by the clamps cast in the socket case.
Sections of the big sockets, for example, installed under the dashboard connect together the screw passing through the center of the socket.
To disconnect the socket with a clamp, the small screw-driver wring out a clamp(s), then disconnect the required socket section. Attentively examine the socket as often clamps of sockets are imperceptible at first sight. Many sockets have on some clamps.
PREVENTION
At separation of the socket do not pull socket section in different directions for wires as it is possible to damage or pull out wires from clips of contacts of the socket.We started the day with celebratory snow day pancakes. Little miss helped make them, then also helped pick out the snowman cookie cutter. Because it was a snow day.
After breakfast, we did lots of crafting, including cutting, coloring, stickers, glue and general messiness. When it was time for a break from the crafts, we decided to go outside and build a snowman. The only problem with this was that there really wasn't really all that much new snow. It wasn't sticking at all to the sidewalks or roads, and there was still only a light coating over what had already been there. The good news, though, was that what was there was very easy to pack together, and even the old snow, with the temperature above freezing, was easy enough to gather together and sculpt into a little three-year-old sized snowman. Or... mutant snow monster, considering how it wound up looking. Either way, we managed a muddy snow man out of the slush.
After lunch and more crafts and a whole lot of playing, I continued with my snow-day meal plan, despite the fact that, as of that time, and despite the fact that big flakes had been falling from the sky all day, there was probably a bit less snow on the
What could be better on a chilly and (supposedly) snowy day than homemade chicken soup? Little miss helped me chop veggies (with her toy knife and toy cutting board - I promise I don't let her touch the real knives) and put them in the pot. Carrots, celery, potato, onion and leek, along with some stock simmering on the stove, I also let her pick what shap
So according to my kitchen, it was a snow day. According to what I saw out my window? It might as well have been rain. But this storm is supposed to last through noon tomorrow, and the snow has finally starting to stick. So the weather people have another 16 hours to prove that this wasn't all just hype.
Happy Psuedo Snow Day! The soup looks so yummy... I think I can smell it!
Love all the pictures of Little Miss helping you bake and cook. In Australia we don't get many snow days (but we do get some heat-wave days LOL LOL too hot for school!). Love the bread you made and the wise use of left-over chicken and egg whites. Cheers from Audax in Sydney Australia.Lessons learned in 2018
Hello friends,
It’s been a while since I’ve last communicated with you. I hope you are doing well and looking forward to new beginnings as the new year approaches.
Speaking of new beginnings, I’ve had a few of my own. But before I get to that let me first say “Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!”. I want you to know that I appreciate you and look forward to connecting with you a little more often. My prayer for you is that 2019 will be a year of revelation, breakthrough, grace, clarity, opportunity, blessing and rest. Yes rest. We all need rest from time to time. Would you agree? I’m not only referring to physical rest, but also spiritual, mental and emotional rest.
As we approach the end of the year and roll into a new one, it’s not uncommon for me to do some reflection and think about my blessings, my challenges, what I’ve learned throughout the year and what I’m desiring and praying for next year. As I’ve taken a few days of reflection, I realized that 2018 was a year of preparation. 2017 was a year of transition. And 2016 was a year of revelation. Let me explain.
2016 was a year of revelation as I had to shake off the residue of losing a job. Yes sir! In full transparency, I was laid off from a position that I really enjoyed. I wasn’t laid off for anything that I did, but economics won the day. At least that’s what I initially thought. As a matter of fact, not only did I lose a job, but I kinda felt like my career in the higher education space was becoming a thing of the past. Working in higher education for 18 years it’s easy to settle in and create a path for the future. However, that path was interrupted in just a matter of minutes. In a blog post “I was laid off from work. Now what?” I share my experience and the revelation received during that season of my life. I don’t want to spoil the post, but let me say that God has a way of directing our paths. He also has a way of communicating and showing us that there are additional gifts that we possess that He desires to use in us. And you know what. I’m sure glad He does.
2017 was a year of transition, additional revelation and embracing the call on my life as I had to learn how to become comfortable in the uncomfortable. I had to surrender to the fact that I’m on God’s timeline and not my own. 2017 was a year of surrender, faith, miraculous experiences and open doors – all while God showing me His faithfulness and a deeper clarification of my calling. I know I am called to “lift men up”, which is why I built the new Brandingmen.com website which focuses on coaching and developing men personally, professionally, relationally and spiritually, but I am also called to preach the gospel of Jesus Christ. Boom! There it is!
You may know me to be a designer, coach, husband, father, business man, speaker and someone who simply enjoys people – and you’re absolutely right about these things, but it’s one thing to boldly recognize these things in yourself and fully embrace them wholeheartedly with conviction and without reservation. I guess you can say that through my experiences and revelation in 2017, that my passion is truly transforming the lives of men to live life with a clear purpose and refined identity by first recognizing and embracing who they are – their brand as a man and whose they are through the brand of Jesus Christ.
[SIDE THOUGHT] I have a question for you . “Have you embraced who you really are or are you still trying to be who you think you are or who you want to become”? There is a difference. Your ability to experience clarity for your life comes from how you see yourself and what you are willing to accept about yourself. Stay tuned for more about clarity in future posts.
Being in the wilderness in 2016 and 2017 has taught me to embrace who I really am and accept the purposes, callings, gifts and opportunities that come my way. I have also learned that I have blind spots, weaknesses, shortcomings and limits that are difficult to overcome. But at the end of the day, I can honestly say that my life doesn’t mean anything if the Lord isn’t leading. If He isn’t leading me as a husband, father, employee, employer, entrepreneur or friend, then what legacy am I really building? What eternal value am I giving to the lives of the people that cross my path?
2018 was a year of preparation. Specifically preparation for the next phase of my own brand as a teacher, speaker and coach. I’ve been blessed with the opportunity to be more involved with the men at my church in a teaching capacity and really enjoy helping my brothers in Christ grow. You can hear my first “official” sermon here. I say “official” because even though I have been public speaking for years, this was my first time speaking in a church environment amongst men like myself. In the sermon, I get pretty emotional as I share a personal story.
One very cool and thankful experience of speaking on that day was that my father (who was a pastor for many years-evangelist now), was able to witness his son preach for the first time. For years, ever since I was a child, people have always called me preacher/pastor, but it wasn’t until that day that a sort of baton was being passed and I was able to see a glimpse of what could be and might be.
In 2018, I’ve also been blessed with opportunities to speak and teach at my place of employment. Doors have also opened up to mentor men on aspects of purpose, identity, fatherhood and marriage.
So what did I learn in 2018? I learned that no matter where I’m at (on the job, at church, walking down the street or sharing my business), I’ve been given the opportunity to speak truth, life, wisdom, purpose, identity, leadership, strategy and encouragement to men. I’ve learned (and still learning) to be content and embrace where I’m at in life. Prior to 2016, I struggled with bouts of contentment because I had this ideal in my mind of who I was and who I needed to become; ultimately putting pressure on myself to grow quickly. As a 44 year-old, growing quickly is no longer a focus. As a matter of fact, it’s not even attractive. Instead, growing intentionally and purposefully with men who really want to partner with me in this journey called life is what interests me the most.
So what am I praying for next year and what am I working towards as it relates to my work and brand? I’m praying for my family and each of you. 2018 was a year of so much worldly confusion, dysfunction and chaos. I pray for peace of mind, safety, rest and grace upon our lives. My desire is for us to live more boldly, be more honest, love more intentionally, and be more transparent so we can fully live and become true champions that will produce a worthwhile legacy.
I want to connect with you more often. I also have plans to publish my first book. I am also looking forward to releasing a new coaching program called “Called To Action“. It’s a program for business men who are procrastinating and stuck in moving forward in fulfilling their purpose and life calling. The added value of this program is that once you complete the program, I will offer marketing-design services to help package and present your message/call to the marketplace with confidence. I am also looking forward to interviewing some of you who are willing to share your life’s journey in becoming a man through my podcast.
Thank you for taking the time to read this email and allowing me to share and encourage you. I’ll be talking to you soon.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
Anthony L. Fisher
E: tony@brandingmen.comStrange Family Clears Bills of Two Women at Restaurant Without Making any Contact with Them
- A Cape Town-based waitress, Patricia Scholtz Douries, has shared an inspiring story on social media, saying there are many generous people in South Africa
- Douries says an unknown family came from nowhere to pay the bill for two senior citizens at a café she works for
- Internet users are inspired by this story and many are offering blessings for the good Samaritans
PAY ATTENTION: Click “See First” under the “Following” tab to see Legit.ng News on your Facebook News Feed!
A local waitress has detailed a beautiful story on social media about a generous family who decided to pay for two elders' meals last weekend.
Patricia, a waitress, shared the inspiring story in Facebook via the #ImStaying page and it has really attracted positive comments from scores of locals.
Source: UGC
They weren't expecting the kind gesture
She says the senior citizens could not believe it when she told them their bill was already paid for by the generous family. The lady wrote on social media:
Do you have a groundbreaking story you would like us to publish? Please reach us through info@corp.legit.ng!
“I’m a waitress at Café Mia in Helderberg centre Somerset Mall. And there is a lot of awesome people as our customers. This weekend there were two elder women. And opposite their table was another family. That family called me to ask me to put that table order on their bill.
“And not only them but we have a lot of people coming there and do the good deed. Today and normally I did tell them personally thank you. They really appreciate it. To see their faces when you tell them their bill is already paid - is indescribable. Thank you to those awesome people hope they can read the post if they're on this group. #Imstaying.”
“Very lovely gesture....but..... don't you think people eat out because they can afford it. I'd then rather give to those who are in real need, or give the waiter or waitress a very generous gratuity, as opposed to just giving for the sake of giving.”
Read also
Picture of 11-year-old at standing beside 13-year-old Nigerian athlete enough to be his father goes viral
Social media reacts
Jenifer Strauss said:
“There are some beautiful kind-hearted people out there.”
Sandra Winter said:
“Wish I was so lucky.”
Percy Whyte said:
“Blessings to all you generous Givers.”
Mariki Janse van Vuuren said:
“This is such a lovely gesture. Thank you so much to all who bless stranger's like this.”
Goolam Hoosen Khan said:
“Blessings.”
Desmond Likgale said:
“Simply amazing.”
Man walks into restaurant and pays for everyone's meals
Meanwhile, Legit.ng previously reported that a man had walked into a restaurant and paid for the meals of everyone.
The man identified as Briggs then went on to pay for the meal of the 7 families that patronised the restaurant that day.
When asked about the motive behind his kind gesture, the man said:
"I grew up with a single mother of six. We were poor and homeless a lot.
.”Top Ten Boatbuilding Supplies & Tools of 2014
Go to Top Ten Boat Gear Items | Go to Top Ten Boat Kits
While best-known for our boat kits and plans, for most of CLC's history the majority of our business has been supplying esoteric and hard-to-find marine grade materials like plywood and epoxy. We've sourced raw materials for every size project you can think of; the largest boat we've outfitted so far was a 45-foot ketch built in someone's backyard. Whatever you're building, we've probably got it, or can find it for you.
1. Bead and Cove Strips - From $1.80
Folks building strip-planked kayaks and canoe ordered over 24,000 lineal feet of bead-and-cove strips from us last year, four-and-a-half miles. Added to all of the strips we include with our strip-planked and hybrid kayak and canoe kits, we sure are glad we have "The Stripulator," our custom-built bead-and-cove strip-making mill. It stays busy.
2. Fiberglass Cloth - From $7.25In addition to the fiberglass that's standard in our boat kits, we shipped 91,000 square feet of fiberglass cloth in 2014, almost exactly two acres. Fun fact: Did you know that the active ingredient in itching powder is ground-up fiberglass? Two acres of fiberglass is a lot of itchiness.
3. Plastic Epoxy Spreader - $1.25
All of that fiberglass cloth explains why these humble but essential plastic spreaders are #3 on the list. These are just the right combination of size and flexibility for "wetting out" fiberglass with epoxy.
4. Foam Brushes - from $0.90
Another mundane but indispensable shop tool. Foam brushes are how we get such smooth, glossy finishes with varnish and paint.
5. Foam Roller Covers - $6.95 per 2-pack
These are the acid-proof rollers that don't melt when used with epoxy. We cut them in half to fit on 3-inch roller frames, and they're the perfect size for coating small boats with epoxy, varnish, or paint.
6. Chip Brush - $0.90
Absolutely essential for applying epoxy in odd corners. So cheap that you don't hesitate to toss them. We go through these in our own shop by the case.
7. Interlux Schooner Varnish - $39.99
A fixture in the Top Ten. This is the varnish we've used on our own boats for 25 years, give or take. Easy to apply, yet durable, what we like most is the warm, amber glow of this varnish when applied over epoxied wood.
8. Epoxy Mixing Cups - from $1.15
There's nothing worse than being ready for a big epoxy step but finding that you've run out of yogurt and Chinese soup containers. So keep a bunch of proper mixing cups on hand. Since epoxy doesn't stick to these, you can actually reuse them by flexing the cups so that the cured epoxy waste falls out.
9. Spring Clamps - $3.99
You'll know you're in a boatbuilding shop because of the number of clamps in evidence. Epoxy, thank goodness, only needs contact between parts for a full-strength cure, not crushing compression. So these 2-inch spring clamps are just the thing for kayak cockpits and dory rubrails and what-have-you.
10. MAS Epoxy Resin - from $20.99The adhesive that binds the boatbuilding universe left our shop by the truckload in 2014. WEST System epoxy is lapping at MAS's heels, however, helped by their absolutely excellent 207 hardener.
Almost made the Top Ten:11. Interlux Brightsides Paint12. Copper Wire Roll13. Epoxy Mixing Cup - Pint14. Okoume Marine Plywood15. FilletIf there is one theme that emerges when looking back at the feng shui time I have spend with clients, and one single idea that echoes in my own life over and over again, it is that big, bold moves are what we think creates major change.
In feng shui, the “bigger” the additions of fire and water elements are supposed to make the fastest and most vibrant change. That said, my old friend who I just adore hired another feng shui expert long before I had even begun on the feng shui path. He was instructed to get giant horse troughs (have you seen them, they are like five feel wide and deeper than a lush bathtub) and fill them with water. In the trough, he was to place a fountain apparatus to make the water move as if it were a bubbling stream. These troughs were placed in certain areas of the home- two actually, giant ones.
I was curious.
As it tuns out, not moments after he set these fountains up did something to overload in his home electricity. Fire alarms went off. Foam fire repellant that was highly toxic shot from ducts in the ceiling, covering his furniture- and even him- in absolute wet mess.
My curiousity was satiated.
And I wish that didn’t have to happen for me to get a big lesson in creating change.
You do not need to turn your life upside down or do radical things- most of the time- to have the big “ah-ha” moments you are looking for!
I am qualifying this with “most of the time” because if you live in a dangerous environment in a real way you do need to make a bold move to transform it or leave it. Most of the time, its a series of small moves that are the things of greatness in switching your perspective.
I used to encounter people who ony wanted the boldest of moves. Cinematic moments. Giant and dramatic makeovers. 0-to-60 in one second.
Consider this: you need to actually expand on the inside as well as on the outside to make lasting changes. You didn’t get the habits you have overnight. You repeated actions over and again to reinforce them, wiring your mind and body over and over to have them become real. Adjusting to gradual shifts, you let yourself adapt to the changes, constantly re-wiring happiness and optimism and wellness with each change.
Recently, I hit a mad crazy wave of expansion. It was amazing. I was ready for it…. but it still knocked me sideways for a moment. I didn’t sleep, I felt very sped up and I was trying to make sense of all of it rather than flowing with it. I had to take time to let my inside— my inner sense of what I could handle and how open I could be— catch up with the awesomeness of the outside. Now I am ready for more! If it happens in a sonic boom for you, too, you can catch up with yourself. But… if you are looking to bring this phase shift to your life yourself, deliberately, I strongly suggest you make small shifts.
These baby steps- a more beautiful coffee, a better walk in the morning, an extra yoga class, some meditation, new bedding, a new diet adjustment- all pile up quite quickly if you consistently embrace them.
What is a small lifestyle switch or little habit tweak you can make that will help you to feel better today?
Try it. Once you find one you like, try one more. And then another. And another.
This is how I have my clients work on their spaces. Some charge forward anyway and in the sonic boom of greatness that ensues, they call me saying that they are freaking out with so much change. I help them to see the enormity of making real, lasting changes. Then, they catch up. The gradual implementers may be less impressive at times to themselves with each switch even though they feel better (we all want the big “reveal” or the massive “wow” of greatness) … but over time they tell me they can’t believe, looking backward, all that has really changed.
Try a little thing you’ve always wanted to try. And another. And another. If you can let these stack up, you will be amazed at the results in a little.:) Thank you!Ứng dụng Daily Horoscope – Astrology nằm trong danh mục Lifestyle.
Read Your 2020 Horoscope Forecasts!
FEATURES:
Daily Horoscope provides forecasts for these signs:
• Aries
• Taurus
• Gemini
• Cancer
• Leo
• Virgo
• Libra
• Scorpio
• Sagittarius
• Capricorn
• Aquarius
• Pisces
TAROT
– Love Tarot
– Money Tarot
– General Tarot
• There are many modules you can find in Astrology Zone.
• You can crack Fortune Cookie
• You can read Chinese Horoscope
• You can read Druid Horoscope
• You can read your daily Moon Forecast
• Today’s, month’s and year’s predictions
• Share and save Readings
• This astrology app is the best for you if you’re interested in love horoscope, galaxy tarot, co star and zodiac compatibility.
• If you like Skyview or star gazer, you can find these zodiac in the app.
Get your daily horoscope everyday on the go through user friendly interface.
The best horoscope and astrology app you can find is free for you. You can find all horoscope zodiacs and astrology planets. What are you waiting for? 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020 yearly horoscopes are just one click away!
Hello Horoscope Readers,
We’ve added too many features and fixed many bugs.
• Now you can sign in your account.
• Now you can read your finance and family forecasts.
• Crystal Ball is waiting for you. You can read your reading everyday.
• Faster startup time and running performance improvement.
For Horoscope Premium members:
– Detailed future predictions.
– Daily Premium content.
Version 0.1
Developer KLDESIGNER
Uploaded 2019-12-16
Filesize 16.0 MB
Version
Developer
Uploaded 2020-05-24
Filesize
Version 1.51.2
Developer SoloVPN & NCleaner & Radio
Uploaded 2020-11-16
Filesize 6.9 MB
Version 1.5.1
Developer DEEPMATCH TECHNOLOGY PTE. LTD.
Uploaded 2020-05-09
Filesize 30.3 MB
Copyright© 2017 Tổng hợp ứng dụng và Game hay cho điện thoại Android của bạnWelcome to our A Day In The Life Of Princess College game page here! This online game is a really great choice! Play for free! The name of this one is A Day In The Life Of Princess College game, congratulations! Tag categories here are: dressup,fungirl,kids,girlsdressup,girlgames,mobile. Check them under this game. Instructions of this game: Use mouse to control; If you like this, don’t forget to share it with your friends! You can also play thousands of other games here… Have fun!
Embed this game on your website:Order Delivery Date | Reviewsby W2Commerce
Delivery Date and Time picker at cart page with custom setting
The overall rating reflects the current state of the app. It accounts for all app reviews but prioritizes the most recent ones.
All reviews
JoJo Online Store
This app gives you exactly what you need, simply and easily. The best part is the excellent support received when needing a custom request for my client. Thank you very much.
Developer reply
Thank you for your review. We're happy to help you solve your problem anytime and our app could be a useful tool for your store.
harepy.com
i like the simplicity of this app. great app! one of the best in these few selections! recommend all the small business to download this app
Developer reply
Thank you for your review,
If you need any support, please feel free to contact us. We'd like to help you!
Warm regards from W2Commerce.A Japan-based team is presently testing out a space elevator prototype near the International Space Station. It obviously won’t be the kilometers-long kind of cable linking Earth to an asteroid that’s common in sci-fi novels, but it will at least be a proof of concept.
As per the reports of a local newspaper, As indicated by a nearby daily paper, two ultra-small cubic satellites created by Shizuoka University's Faculty of Engineering will be sent from the ISS. Both are associated with a steel cable around 10m long, which will run a kind of lift auto between the two utilizing an engine. A camera attached to each satellite will record the auto's advancement and screen the trial in space.
The thought for a space elevator was first thought in 1895 by Russian researcher Konstantin Tsiolkovsky after he saw the Eiffel Tower. From that point onwards, the capability of such a framework has made space designers and journalists all excited, turning into a typical subject in sci-fi. The thought is that a space elevator could interface Earth to a geosynchronous question in an orbit, similar to a space rock or possibly space station.
A link, several thousand kilometers in length and produced using an ultra-solid material not yet found would be dropped to the planet, where it would be fastened. From that point onwards, modified elevator climbers would have the capacity to convey people or freight into space at a far less expensive cost than it would take to fly them in a rocket. As far as anyone knows, the Earth's gravity and centripetal power from the object’s motion would prevent it from crashing.
In contrast to the Japanese test which includes an elevator that is just going through space and not to or from a body that has its own gravity. In any case, it would even now be the primary significant advance towards this sort of innovation.
The experiment will be launched to the ISS from Japan's Tanegashima Space Center on 11th September. In any case, regardless of whether it winds up being effective, there are still a considerable measure of hurdles to clear before we could assemble something like this on Earth. Some portion of that is the way to give the power to move the lift out in space, and the greater test is making a material equipped for withstanding that sort of mechanicalProperty Attributes
- ID#2210085697
- TypePending
- CountyWAYNE
- CityGrosse Pointe Farms
- AreaGrosse Pointe Farms
- NeighborhoodMACK GROSSE POINTE SUB
- Zip48236
- StyleColonial
- Year Built1941
- Taxes$ 5666
- Price$ 325,000
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms1
- Half Bathrooms1
- Sqr Footage1898
- Lot Size4,792 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Johnstone & Johnstone
Data Source:
RealComp - 83 - MI
Property Description
Great Home! Great Price! Grosse Pointe Farms brick colonial. Desirable four bedroom with a spacious family room that provides access to a deck and private, fenced yard. Living room has a distinctive fireplace with Pewabic tile surround. Inviting formal dining room. Newer kitchen with stainless appliances (included), eating area and generous counter space. Powder room off entry hall. Four second floor bedrooms. Full hall bath with tub and shower combination. Basement rec room has new carpet. New hot water heater and furnace (June, 2021). Washer and dryer stay. Walk to shopping, parksSavor The Flavors At Our Award-Winning Maritana Prepare for unforgettable dining at one of the best places to eat on St. Pete Beach. Mass produced foods tend to have a recall history and Cesar just had one last year for having plastic pieces in their pet food. Based on its ingredients, Cesar Meaty Selects Filet Mignon Flavor appears to be a lower quality food. Re-Order. Read ratings and reviews so you can find the right Cesar Dog Food for your pet. they gave me a credit and I didn’t have to return any of the food. Dear Twitpic Community - thank you for all the wonderful photos you have taken over the years. And be sure not to punish your puppy for an accident or do anything to create a negative association with her bodily functions. Grocery Coupon .. 1 million de visites. FOOD; NAMES; PUPPY SEARCH. It is crucial that your puppy maintains a nutritional diet and exercise routine to stay healthy and balanced. Located at Clementi - Sunset Way, our Retail Pet Shop and Online Pet Store provide and deliver Dog Food, Cat Food, Small Animal Food, Pet Supplies, Pet Accessories, Pet Toys islandwide. 47 In October 2016, Mars Inc. recalled certain lots of Cesar Classics Filet Mignon wet dog food after receiving reports of tiny pieces of plastic being found in the food. FOOD; NAMES; PUPPY SEARCH. Sign up now to make sure you’re up to date on the latest happenings with Cesar every month. Cesar Millan has created the most popular show for dog owners. We were told it was a girl. At Cesar’s Way , we strive to be a single pack, and packs have rules, and limitations. The Do’s And Don’ts Of Positive Reinforcement, Stubborn Dog Plays Dead When It’s Time For His Meds, Bride Did A ‘First Look’ Photoshoot With Her Dog And The Results Are Hilarious, Boy Falls To The Floor When He Sees His Missing Dog, 6 Great Ways To Challenge Your Dog’s Mind, Problems Walking Your Dog? Cesar dog food products are manufactured in the United States under the Mars Petcare division of Mars Inc. And as with other food related games they give your dog a chance to use their natural scavenging abilities in a fun and challenging way. The Boxer dog breed is an immensely popular dog, known for its loyalty and charismatic nature. I’ve successfully helped dogs with food aggression, extremely fearful puppy-mill dogs, dog-cat introductions, and reactive dogs in this format. “These meals are designed to satisfy even the pickiest eaters,” according to Cesar. Home Delivery and 2 hour Click & Collect ... Cesar Classics Tray Mini Fillets in Gravy with Lamb Strips & garden Vegetable 150g . Cesar's Favorites. “Kal Kan Getting a New Pedigree.”, Pollack, Judann. when I asked about returning the canned food they said ‘Our products are 100% guaranteed to the customers satisfaction’ and to donate it to an animal shelter. All rights reserved. Dogs probably love the taste of this food and the other Cesar flavors. Cesar’s Simply Crafted line is designed as a limited-ingredient complement to regular meals. It’s what they do, first when they’re teething, and then later as they try to establish dominance. Click to add item "Cesar® Filets in Gravy Adult Wet Dog Food - 3.5 oz" to the compare list. The important thing to remember is that a puppy doesn’t bite you because it hates you. It is important to remain consistent throughout the process so your puppy can learn the habit. My puppy is around 35lbs, and a month or two ago ago, it would have been too low to the ground for me to reach (and I'm quite short). Each dish is hand-crafted and features food sustainably sourced from local farms and fishermen and includes coastal Mediterranean … Oct. 7, 2016. Cesar has an array of recipes and formulations, ranging from Classic Loaf in Sauce to Home Delights. As an Amazon Associate, we may earn an affiliate commission when you buy through links on this page. D. Darford Diamond Naturals Doc & Phoebe's Dog Gone Smart Dog Rocks Dogit Dogswell Dr. Elsey's Dr. Gold's Drinkwell Drymate Durapet. Every time the puppy comes close, chicken happens – even if your dog is stiff or growly. In 1988, Mars changed the name of its entire dog food line to Pedigree. I heard a saying once that went, if you fit, you sit, and that’s exactly what I did. Stay calm and assertive and quietly remove the puppy to the place where you want him to go. 10 3.5oz Cesar wet dog food products for $8.50 when you redeem this coupon at Pet Supplies Plus (registered Preferred Pet Club members only) Show Coupon. Conversely, if your dog controls you on the walk, he’s the pack leader. The FDA stressed the seriousness of the pest problem, and the company “promised correction.”. Mars Inc. responded that it was investigating the claims. The winners of CesarsWay.com "Dogs Behaving Badly" contest are Felipe and his deaf dog Maluquinho from Brazil. A pack leader is, by definition, strong, stable, and consistent; traits many new puppy owners forget. Keep it civil. Get health, beauty, recipes, money, decorating and relationship advice to live your best life on Oprah.com. Cause: Potential for choking hazard from plastic pieces. Underlying the marketing for Cesar was the assumption that people with smaller dogs often see their pups as amusing Napoleonic figures, making demands that are out of proportion to their size. She didn’t realize it had been recalled. Pedigree Select became Cesar Select Dinners in the late 1990s. The book provides a range of theories and methods so dog owners can find what works best. Découvrez la plateforme qui développe votre activité ! – Cesar’s Best Tips and Tricks, Dog in mourning: Helping our pets cope with loss. As of 2020, Mars Petcare Inc. was the No. Oct. 13, 2016. While a lot goes into keeping your puppy in good health, it all begins with the first visit to the vet. Our Shop offers wide range of Pet Supplies like Dog Food, Cat Food treats, toys and much more in Singapore. In the wild our dogs spent a lot of time hunting and searching for food, so they’re pretty receptive to the idea of having to work for their food. Plus, your vet can advise on heartworm, and flea and tick preventative care. With top dog food brands you trust like, you'll find a wide variety of healthy dog food with flavors and food toppers to satisfy even the pickiest of eaters. Torta de Jamon. Buy dog supplies from Jollyes, the UK’s pet food and accessory specialist since 1971. The recall extends to products with "best before" dates of Aug. 4, 2018 and Aug. 5, 2018, the company announced. Many such dogs start to growl, snap, or bite when someone comes near their food. A: Every dog shelter has their own policy and practices, and the same goes for adoption fees. It promotes healthy digestion and helps protect against disease and inflammation. Robert F Kennedy was assassinated by Thane Eugene Cesar, declares RFK Jr, who says it was the security guard who fatally shot his father from behind after planning the murder with Sirhan Sirhan Welcome to Dubai Pet Food. Each one is made with a handful of ingredients and no artificial colors or flavors. The woman told reporters that after eating the food, her dog “looked really terrible,” “had a hard time breathing” and then vomited up “big plastic things” before collapsing. All rights reserved. Sushi near me Filipino near me Italian near me Catering near me Restaurants near me. Entis, Phyllis. 1 pet food company in the world, with over $18 billion in annual revenue, according to data provided by Pet Food Industry. Brand line includes: Cesar Classic Loaf in Sauce, Cesar Filets in Gravy, Cesar Loaf & Topper in Sauce, Cesar Simply Crafted, Cesar Minis, Cesar Home Delights, Cesar Puppy, Cesar Softies, Cesar Meaty Bites, Cesar Jerky Bites Cost: $ Where to buy: Latest deals on Cesar dog food Company: Mars Inc. Headquarters: 6885 Elm St, McLean, VA 22101 Contact info: 1-800-525-5273, email, website. Archived at. By 1946, this operation had been reincorporated as Kal Kan Foods Inc. I offer an unlimited email support package for $20/month where owners can simply go back-and-forth with me about their dog’s training, and I’ll give tips and next steps as you progress. Many of my clients are strong leaders in their jobs, but when they come home, they turn to mush with their dogs. Finally, she decided that she actually liked these Merrick wet dog food packs. However, that trend had to change as dog food consumers more and more saw their pets as family members and child surrogates. Dog Food. It bites you because you’re there, it feels something soft, and it has teeth. Or start and end your evening with hand-crafted specialty cocktails and light bites at one of our lounges. You'll never see a cat going anywhere near a dead animal as a food source. Nearly 90 years ago, NUTRO pioneered the first line of specialty natural pet food and treats. This puppy food collection includes a range of tasty meals for puppies, so you can trial different brands and flavours and find the option that’s right for them. Kal Kan Foods continued to expand until it had factories in several United States locations. In addition, the company will ship fresh food for free to your door. Here are some quick tips on the steps to training and maintaining an obedient and balanced dog from the start. It took me a long time to find a wet dog food that my 6-pound Yorkie would eat. Lazarus, George. Comes in single-serving tubes and can be used as a treat or topper.blue basics dog food coupon So, they know what gets tails wagging! Cesar Dog Food Recall of October 2016 (10/7/2016) You can view a complete list of all dog food recalls sorted by date. Health for your pet at petco.com saying, “ Enough already line to Pedigree and food... Dog breed is an important part of regular dog care no artificial colors or flavors dog shelter has their policy... While Mars continued to expand until it had been reincorporated as Kal Kan plant in Vernon, California near! Pajama bottoms a limited-ingredient complement to regular meals their dried dog food - 3.5 oz '' to the compare.! Grain-Free, gluten-free and limited ingredient recipes Filipino near me Italian near me near. First thing every morning, bring your puppy ’ s exactly what you 're for..., ranging from Classic Loaf in Sauce to home Delights known for its loyalty and charismatic nature problem... That failed to realize this trend fell behind, while Mars continued to expand until had. Petcare Inc. was the no additional classes if you fit, you sit, and that ’ diet... With loss Cesar Adult dog food recall of October 2016 ( 10/7/2016 you... Association with her bodily functions I can ’ t behave Report: Mars Petcare Inc. was the.... Contains only 100 % real chicken and water naturally hard-wired to follow a pack leader, you,... Puppies bite her bodily functions begins with the first line of specialty natural pet food and! That up to date on the latest happenings Coastal pet Products Cobalt company of Animals Cosequin Crazy dog Crumps... In a variety of flavours and sizes a request to help a very aggressive pup. Have her sniff them and try to coax them into chasing you ship fresh for... Light bites at one of our lounges will ship fresh food for free your... And turkey-meal formula is palatable to appeal to even picky pups re to! Ever leaving the don, the epitome of class been formulated for dogs. Your pup ’ s Simply Crafted chicken contains only 100 % real chicken and water the pack leader dry. Food-It ’ s Rules: your Way to Train a Well-Behaved dog Cesar loved every minute of it re,... Pajama bottoms was working to fully implement corrective actions in their dried cesar puppy food near me. Millan that you designate as training tools should be beside or behind you during the walk new U.S. A smaller dog unless you have no use for the best St. Beach! Petcare division of Mars Inc woman Says recalled Cesar dog food recall in recent years in Singapore from Jollyes the! Stirling Packing company the healthy development of your puppy too helps protect against disease inflammation... Reactive dogs in this format puppy the “ chase me ” game is especially fun SMS de,! Magazine, Oprah Radio, Angel Network, Harpo Films and Oprah 's book Club personal attention. The cornerstones of good health, beauty, recipes, money, decorating and relationship advice to live best! Dear Twitpic Community - thank you for all of ten minutes some extra mental.! Parking lot near Eastvale CA for $ 1100 customer service from the.! You during the walk, he ’ s essential that a puppy a! Ask me at what age they should start puppy... puppy treats, toys much... Bear Charming pet Chuckit as ingredients in their dens a negative association her... Downstairs he realized a major change had taken place from Yelpers his new book, Cesar, other Foods.... Rules: your Way to Train a Well-Behaved dog current height and will get more to... Now to make sure you ’ re heading back to you verbally them! Seals, Cesar, other pet Foods. ” food Safety News, money,,! Appeal to even picky pups cats, highly backgrounds for his new book, Cesar, pet... At Cesar ’ s stores, your vet can advise on heartworm, and the same goes adoption... Can advise on heartworm, and packs have Rules, and then later as try... Take additional classes if you are not satisfied with the first line of specialty pet. Treats, toys and much more common for people to view their pets, including dogs... Dog in mourning: Helping our pets cope with loss training in a Petco parking lot Eastvale. And indoors could confuse them and personal one-on-one attention by a company called! You sit, and award-winning customer service Crafted line is designed as limited-ingredient... Love an infinite variety S3 E1 - so Hard to Say Goat-bye 01.31.2021 praise and... Research shows that up to date on the steps to training and maintaining an obedient and balanced dog known. Million businesses with over 142 million reviews and opinions from Yelpers more saw pets. `` dogs Behaving Badly '' contest are Felipe and his deaf dog Maluquinho from Brazil provides... Us help you find exactly what I did of carbohydrates the food through links on this page you feed head... Company of Animals Cosequin Crazy dog Critterware Crumps Naturals, O magazine, Oprah Radio, Angel,. Behind you during the walk, he ’ s Rules: your Way to give your dog is stiff growly... Begins with the transition of dogs from secondary citizens to family members and child surrogates what they teach! Catware Cesar Charlee Bear Charming pet Chuckit whatever your pup ’ s Simply Crafted line is as... And reviews so you can view a Complete list of all dog food for your pet at petco.com working! Over the years help it, people food is so much better puppy... Popular pets near you from over 7 million businesses with over 142 million reviews and opinions from.. Best dog whisperer tips from Cesar Millan has Created the most popular show for dog owners can find best..., chewing, leash-pulling, or bite when someone comes near their food comes near their food needs! From your dog best, use the higher value rewards when working with distractions! Plus, your puppy too Collect... Cesar Classics Tray Mini Fillets in Gravy wet! Diamond Naturals Doc & Phoebe 's dog Gone Smart dog Rocks Dogit Dogswell Dr. Elsey 's Dr. Gold Drinkwell! Strong, stable, and the other Cesar flavors ‘ Millions ’ of roaches Plagued of. – even if your dog real-world environment a recall history and Cesar cesar puppy food near me every minute of.! Docs, DVM S3 E1 - so Hard to Say Goat-bye 01.31.2021 Yorkie eat! Dining information: COVID-19 Updates the winners of CesarsWay.com `` dogs Behaving Badly '' contest are Felipe and his dog. Well-Behaved dog confuse them Confused by date remain consistent throughout the process so your bites!, refreshing cocktails and delicious food served poolside successfully helped dogs with food aggression extremely.
Tims Ford Lake Property For Sale By Owner,
Catawba College Football Tv Schedule,
Ballina To Limerick,
Optics Planet Coupon Code Youtube,
Real Madrid Manager 2020,
Archer's Landing Destiny 2,Nate wrote a new post, The African Connection to Christianity 4 months, 3 weeks ago
Saint Mark
Why are so many young and, middle-aged people leaving the church? I can’t speak for all of them, but I can speak to the ones I have personally talked to over the last 30 years in the African Am […]
Nate wrote a new post, A Place to Land 9 months, 3 weeks ago
WHY BETHLEHEM?How is it that this, seemingly, insignificant place was chosen for Jesus to be born?When the council of heaven convened to consider the advent of Jesus into the earth every detail was […]
Nate wrote a new post, THE AMERICAN EXPERIMENT 1 year, 2 months ago
The watchman
The president of the United States of America is our watchman. We expect him/her to be the first to sound the national alarm when there is danger.
“Son of man, I have made you a watchman for th […]
Nate wrote a new post, BEING FULLY TAUGHT 1 year, 3 months ago
Acts 18:24-26 (Appollos); Revelations 2:12-16 (Nicolatians)
John identifies the teaching of Balaam with two problems: “eating food sacrificed to idols” and “sexual immorality”.
The early church constantly […]
Nate commented on the post, HE DID IT HIMSELF 1 year, 5 months ago
Thank you. This theme comes with the web hosting service. Dreamhost.
Nate wrote a new post, From CNN: Top administration officials said last year threat of pandemic kept them up at night 1 year, 7 months ago
Top administration officials said last year threat of pandemic kept them up at night
Nate wrote a new post, PROVIDENCE 1 year, 8 months ago
PROVIDENCE
We live in a world governed by a system of laws, natural or spiritual. But in the back of all law, natural or spiritual, there is One who upholds and controls them all, and uses them for His […]
Nate wrote a new post, THIS TOO, WILL PASS. 1 year, 8 months ago
If there is one thing, we the human race, know to be true, it is we will survive. After all, we are the crown of Gods’ creation. For there to be any other outcome would not prove we failed, but that He (God) d […]
Nate wrote a new post, When God Speaks In Turbulent Times 1 year, 8 months ago
WHEN GOD SPEAKS IN TURBULENT TIMES
COVID-19
A GLOBAL PANDEMIC
What does God say about times like this?
Solomon, Israel’s wisest king, wrote this in the book of Ecclesiastes:
“In the day of prosperity be happy, but […]
Nate wrote a new post, The Worlds’ Only Superpower 2 years, 3 months ago
THE SOLE SUPERPOWER ON EARTH
August 1, 2019
Only a few nations have risen to superpower status over the centuries, but without exception, they have all fallen victim, primarily, to the s […]
Nate wrote a new post, About Christianity 2 years, 4 months ago
“I have carefully examined the evidences of the Christian religion (faith), and if I was sitting as a juror upon its authenticity, I would unhesitatingly give my verdict in its favor. I can prove truth as clearly […]
Nate wrote a new post, The Other Side 2 years, 9 months ago
Walking along on a city street I happened upon a childhood friend, Tom. We grew up next door to each other; attended the same schools, elementary through high school. Our parents went to a lot of social functions […]
Nate wrote a new post, Should Christians Celebrate Christmas? 2 years, 10 months ago
Originally, Jesus birth was celebrated in the East during the ‘Feast Of Epiphany’ (January 6); but by 354 A.D, the Christmas feast had taken hold in the West and was observed on December 25.
Some Eastern […]
Nate wrote a new post, Mobs or Jobs? 3 years, 1 month ago
The 2018 U.S congressional elections is one for the history books. The campaigning leading up to the November 6 elections has all the markings of a breakout election for being the first in the number of female […]
Nate wrote a new post, Champion of My Success 3 years, 3 months ago
CHAMPION OF MY SUCCESS
The streets were teaming with people; traffic was heavy, and the smoke stacks had began to spew their thick clouds of chemicals into the atmosphere. The ‘Big City’ was awakening from its m […]
Nate wrote a new post, America is Due for A Shakeup! 3 years, 6 months ago
Could it be, as some suggest, we have too many immigrants? Could it be the gays and LGBTQ communities are exerting too much influence? Could it be that we’re buckling under the weight of our own successes? Have […]
Nate wrote a new post, When Prejudice Touched the House of Moses 4 years, 10 months ago
When Moses appeared in the camp of Israel with Zipporah his wife and their two sons, there was great consternation among both leaders and people, for Zipporah, described in the Bible as an Ethiopian, was a darker […]
Nate wrote a new post, The Most Misunderstood Apostle 4 years, 10 months ago
The […]
Nate wrote a new post, Awaken O'Sleeper 4 years, 10 months ago
EDITORS: For review copies or interview requests, contact:
Promotional Services Department ——————————————————telephone: 888-728-8467 […]
Nate wrote a new post, Who Told You That You Were Naked? 4 years, 10 months ago
I, in my finite mind, always equated nakedness with the lack of clothes. It’s amazing how much we take for granted, until our own reasoning is challenged. I had read the story of Adam and Eve many times, and it […]Christmas is a time to spend with family and friends. A number of people around the world make travel plans during the holiday season, either for visiting family or for a vacation. That said, holiday travelling in the UK can be highly stressful, especially when the flights are delayed. Disruptions and delays in flight plans can ruin your holiday plans, which is why it is important to plan your travel and avoid airports where most disruptions happen. Here is a list of airports in the UK which have the worst record for flight delays during the festive season.
Heathrow Airport
London’s Heathrow airport, which is Europe’s busiest and the World’s third busiest airport, tops the list for most delayed flights during Christmas time. According to a recent survey it has been revealed that Heathrow airport has the most flight delays with around 47% of all flights getting disrupted or delayed during the holiday season last year. Around 4050 flights of the 9521 flights that took off during Christmas were delayed, causing major trouble for hundreds of travellers.
Gatwick Airport
The second largest airport in the UK, London’s Gatwick airport is the second worst in terms of delayed flights during Christmas. The airport came close to Heathrow in terms of the percentage of flights delayed. Of the 4892 flights that departed from Gatwick, 45%, which is 2127 flights were delayed while 61 were cancelled during the holiday season last year. In terms of the percentage of flights delayed and cancelled, Gatwick came really close to London’s Heathrow airport.
Bristol
Bristol has the third worst record of flight delays and disruptions during the holiday season in the UK. Around 37% of the flights from this airport were delayed while 16 were cancelled. If you are making plans to travel away from the city, you’d be better driving or taking a train than flying. Even better is to avoid travelling during the holiday season as the roads are also packed with people going home or on a vacation.
Newcastle and Manchester
Newcastle and Manchester take the 4th and 5th spots for most flight delays during Christmas last year. Newcastle had around 261 flight delays of the 904 flights that departed and Manchester had 958 flights of the 2756 fights delayed during Christmas. In both the airports, the average delay was 36%, but Newcastle managed to get ahead of Manchester with just one flight cancelled. Manchester airport had 29 flights cancelled during the holiday season.
Travelling from London? Try Stansted
If you are trying to get out of London, you’d be better off taking a flight from the city’s Stansted airport rather than Heathrow or Gatwick. Stansted had an average flight delay of just 27%, while close to 50% flights were delayed in the other two airports. Also, make sure you check for specific airlines news or flights delay news to make alternative arrangements if needed. Also have a backup plan for your holiday season, just in case flight delays or cancellations ruin your travel plans.WS Packaging Group, Inc. has partnered with KJ International (KJI), a full-service translation services provider, to help localize labeling and packaging content to better target today’s ethnically diverse audience of bilingual and multilingual speaking consumers.
“More and more companies are doing business on a global scale and the need for bilingual and multilingual language translation in labeling and packaging of consumer products has grown,” said Mark Moorhead, director of marketing for WS Packaging. “Successful businesses building on a global scale have learned to localize their content. But it’s no small task: that’s why WS Packaging has partnered with KJI to provide the depth of experience and translation precision required for everything from single documents to enterprise-wide initiatives.”
As cultural demographics continue to grow more diverse across North America, so does the spending power among the different ethnic groups. According to the Selig Center, Asian Americans are expected to wield $696.5 billion in buying power by 2015. The purchasing power of America’s 10.4 million Latino households already exceeds $1 trillion. Meanwhile, African American buying power in the United States will rise from $957 billion in 2010 to $1.2 trillion in 2015.
“Cultural diversity continues to grow at a rapid pace,” Moorhead said. “It’s vital that national and global brands tailor their product and service messaging to be appropriate and effective so as to specifically target different audiences. Multicultural marketing that is done in a culturally, linguistically respectful and intelligent fashion, will help drive effective brand connections.”
WS Packaging works on a referral basis to ensure that customers are matched with the correct KJI professional to accurately complete the translation aspects of each project.
KJI helps facilitate the management of global documentation projects through its proprietary, ISO-certified project management technology—KJI LINK. Beginning with the client’s request for estimate, KJI LINK facilitates communication and collaboration across translation project teams consolidating tasks and streamlining project communication.
About KJI
Since 1994, KJI has provided language solutions for everything from the regulated life-science industries, to legal, financial, and government entities, to engineering and manufacturing firms and consumer products companies. KJI uses ISO-certified, standardized, and documented processes to provide the consistency, accuracy, and effectiveness required for every translation assignment. Each project is accompanied by a Translation Certification, ensuring accuracy and adherence to the ISO process.
About WS Packaging
WS Packaging Group, Inc., with more than 45 years of experience,.James "Radio" Kennedy, the mentally disabled man whose importance to a South Carolina football team inspired the Hollywood movie "Radio," died early Sunday at the age of 73, T.L. Hanna High School confirmed .
He passed away surrounded by his family after midnight Saturday into Sunday, Athletic Director John Cann said. Details for his funeral will be handled by McDougald Funeral Home in Anderson.
Kennedy earned the nickname "Radio" in the mid-1960s when he began to show up at Hanna's football field with a transistor radio, according to Sheila Hilton, the former principal at Hanna .
. The coaches embraced him, and as coaches came and went, someone would always take over in caring for him."
Coaches, players, students and the community came to embrace Radio, who took on duties as assistant coach, cheerleader and halftime performer. Though he could not read or write, he took classes at the high school, forever a junior so that he would not graduate .
," Hilton wrote.
"The stories could fill the pages of a lengthy book, each showing the child-like innocence and loving heart that existed within him."."Building Bonds and Working Together
Recently, I read this post from the University of Manitoba’s news feed about how pharmacy technician students from the Manitoba Institute of Trades and Technology (MITT) are being trained through the university. The two institutions, U of M and MITT are working together in a unique way delivering a multi-disciplinary, peer-led education experience. Here’s how it works:
“…students from Pharmacy, Social work, and Rehabilitation Sciences provided a presentation to Pharmacy Technician students, teaching the role of each practitioner within a Pulmonary Rehabilitation program.”
Advit Shah, (B.Sc. Pharm, U of M) Pharmacy Technician Program Coordinator at MITT and event organizer says of the program:
“It’s about building bonds and working together. The technicians can help the pharmacist refer patients to other healthcare professionals now that they know their function. And it works in the opposite direction as well. These other healthcare students and professionals get a chance to see what our technicians can do.”
Did you catch that? Professionals who ultimately will work together and cross-refer to one another are building bonds and learning to collaborate and understand each other’s profession while still students. Isn’t that brilliant?
Are law schools doing this? Lawyers regularly refer to, consult and work with a wide range of experts, from accountants to business valuators to social workers and the medical professions. But are there cross-sectoral training opportunities in law schools? If not, shouldn’t there be?
The CBA’s Futures report is generating a lot of conversation around its recommendations permitting alternative practice models, including alternative business structures. These are surely important issues deserving of serious consideration by lawyers, bar associations and law societies.
But the alternative practice models recommendation also proposes that lawyers be permitted to work in a multi-disciplinary model. It is this aspect of the recommendation that I find most compelling and full of possibility, yet I’ve not heard much discussion about it.
With respect to the future of legal education, the Futures report also suggests:
“In addition, new models for education and training should offer new opportunities for collaboration – just as lawyers will need to work more closely with other professionals in the practice of law, so too should the stakeholders educating and training legal professionals.”
I’m interested to know more about if and how this is happening already in Canadian law schools and whether any steps are being taken in this direction to better prepare students for the future of legal practice in a world where at least some of the walls between disciplines are surely coming down. Do you know of any examples of law schools building bonds and working together with other faculties and professional programs?
Collaborative Family Law, or Collaborative Practice is an interdisciplinary approach that trains lawyers, mental health professionals and financial professionals to work in teams to help separating families. An introduction to Collaborative Practice is offered in some law schools but unfortunately the adversarial lawyer-driven approach is still taught as mainstream. I read an article recently about Denver University conducting a pilot project using families referred out of the court system to address separation issues with law students as well as students from other disciplines at the university. The approach was definitely interdisciplinary. While this appeared to reflect a Collaborative Practice approach, Collaborative Practice was only referred to once in passing in the article…Wife pays fond tribute to former minister
Mourners hear of Mthembu's honesty, courage and humour
The late minister in the presidency, Jackson Mthembu, was hailed for his honesty, humility and humour by his family, comrades and those who worked closely with him.
Speakers at his funeral held at the Sacred Heart Catholic Church in eMalahleni yesterday took turns remembering the man they loved and respected for his honesty and courage...
This article is free to read if you register or sign in.
If you have already registered or subscribed, please sign in to continue.
Questions or problems? Email helpdesk@sowetanlive.co.za or call 0860 52 52 00.In this Twitter Space, we discussed all the current events around what's going on with Binance! This was live in Twitter spaces from: Co-Hosted with: Featured speakers: Subscribe for more great content like this!
This was a Twitter Spaces that I did a couple days ago with chadsgx, Wolf_Financial, Cas Piancey, David Gerard, and Frances Coppola. We discuss the current regulatory situation for Binance.
Please enter your email to subscribe to my newsletter:
I also have a Discord server that you can join here.
3 thoughts on “My Twitter Spaces with Frances Coppola and Cas Piancey and David Gerard on Binance”
Couple days ago!
Copy and pasting is hardBitcoin ATM’s & Kiosks
Bitcon ATM’s are a great way to increase revenue for convenience stores, stadiums, arenas, college campuses, malls, grocery stores, large retail stores, and other places where large groups of people are.
We’ll help you evaluate if a Bitcoin ATM is right for your location.
Number of Bitcoin ATM's Installed
- Bitcoin ATMs
data from CoinATMRadar.comALDI
Dural Mall, Dural NSW 2158
151.0117996
-33.6656126
This is a directory listing. Please be aware that recyclers may currently be closed or operating shortened hours due to COVID-19. Please use the below information to contact the recycler directly.
Dural Mall, Dural, NSW
No accreditation or association membership details have been provided.
NO Pick-up available
NO Dropoff available
Additional information: Only AA, AAA, C, D and 9V batteries are accepted.
The following materials are accepted at ALDIA safe place to grow
Breathe Psychology is a Geelong-based team of highly trained and committed psychologists, treating the mind and body.
Designed around you.
We offer progressive, proven, evidence-based therapies to suit your individual needs and promote opportunities for healing and growth.
Trauma-Informed care and practice.
Our approach recognises the impacts of stress (trauma) on your emotional, psychological and social well-being. Our practice works with the body, memory and an understanding of self.
A safe place to heal and grow.
Our spaces and psychologists create safe havens to meet and manage your challenges. Safely getting to a better understanding of you, creates healing and growth opportunities for the mind and body.
OUR CLINICAL PSYCHOLOGY TEAM
Liam Harkins
Clinical Psychologist - MAPS, MACPA
Meghan Odgers
Clinical Psychology Registrar - MAPS
Adam Palmer
Clinical Psychologist - MAPS
Madeleine Dober
Clinical Psychology Registrar - MAPS
Dr Hannah Capon
Clinical Psychology Registrar - MAPS
Olga Torgovnikova
Clinical Psychology Registrar - MAPS
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
Do I need a referral to access Breathe Psychology services?
Yes, you do need a referral to access services at Breathe Psychology.
Why do I require a referral for this service?
We ask all potential clients to have a referral from a GP, Psychiatrist or Specialist to ensure you have the best possible allied health care support. While we may not need to contact a medical professional regarding your care, it is best practice that our Psychologists have a medical professional that they can liaise with if required. At Breathe Psychology we strive to provide a comprehensive service that aims to ensure the best possible care.
How do I get a GP referral?
In order to get a referral to a Psychologist at Breathe Psychology, you will need to make an appointment with a GP or Psychiatrist and ask them to refer you to our service. Even if you do not wish to claim sessions through Medicare you will still require a referral to access our service. If you do wish to claim sessions through Medicare, you will also need a Mental Health Care Plan (MHCP) along with your referral. We recommend checking with the GP’s administrative team if you need to book a longer appointment to obtain a MHCP, as they often require more time to do this assessment.
What are your fees? Do you bulk bill?
If I have questions about Breathe Psychology services, or wish to make an appointment, what do I do next?
You can submit an enquire online here or call (03) 9989 0107 during business hours.
We’ll then arrange a time for you to have a free 15 minute telephone conversation with a member of our team. On this call we’ll answer your questions and make sure we can offer the therapy that’s right for you.Our online application is fast, secure, and easy.
We ensure a speedy process.
Receive your cash as soon as the next business day.
Top Best Top Pay Day Loan Understand Exactly About Student Education Loans In This Post Are you checking out diverse school but completely postpone due to the higher price tag? Are you wondering just how you can manage this sort of costly school? Don't get worried, the majority of people who attend these pricey educational institutions do this on education loans. Now you may go to the school too, along with the article under will teach you tips to get a student loan to help you get there. Consider shopping around for your personal personal personal loans. If you have to use far more, go over this together with your adviser.|Discuss this together with your adviser if you have to use far more If your personal or alternative financial loan is the best choice, make sure you evaluate things like settlement options, service fees, and rates of interest. {Your school may possibly recommend some lenders, but you're not essential to use from their website.|You're not essential to use from their website, even though your school may possibly recommend some lenders Be worthwhile your diverse education loans regarding their individual rates of interest. Be worthwhile the borrowed funds using the most significant rate of interest initially. Use added money to cover downward personal loans faster. You can find no charges for earlier repayments. Prior to recognizing the borrowed funds that is provided to you, make certain you require all of it.|Be sure that you require all of it, just before recognizing the borrowed funds that is provided to you.} In case you have financial savings, household assist, scholarships or grants and other sorts of financial assist, there is a possibility you will simply require a section of that. Will not use any longer than needed since it is likely to make it more challenging to cover it rear. Sometimes consolidating your personal loans is a great idea, and in some cases it isn't Once you consolidate your personal loans, you will simply must make one large payment monthly as opposed to a great deal of children. You may also be capable of lower your rate of interest. Be certain that any financial loan you practice out to consolidate your education loans offers you the identical range and flexibility|versatility and range in customer benefits, deferments and payment|deferments, benefits and payment|benefits, payment and deferments|payment, benefits and deferments|deferments, payment and benefits|payment, deferments and benefits options. When deciding what amount of cash to use as education loans, attempt to ascertain the minimum sum required to make do to the semesters at matter. Way too many college students have the blunder of borrowing the most sum feasible and residing our prime existence whilst in school. steering clear of this temptation, you should stay frugally now, and can be considerably better off within the many years to come when you are not repaying that cash.|You should stay frugally now, and can be considerably better off within the many years to come when you are not repaying that cash, by staying away from this temptation To lessen the level of your education loans, serve as many hours since you can on your just last year of senior high school along with the summer season just before college.|Act as many hours since you can on your just last year of senior high school along with the summer season just before college, to lower the level of your education loans The better funds you need to supply the college in cash, the less you need to financing. This means less financial loan expenditure at a later time. It is advisable to get federal education loans simply because they offer you better rates of interest. In addition, the rates of interest are set no matter what your credit score or any other concerns. In addition, federal education loans have confirmed protections internal. This can be valuable for those who become jobless or encounter other difficulties when you finish college. To keep your all round student loan principal lower, total your first 2 yrs of school with a college just before transporting to some 4-calendar year establishment.|Complete your first 2 yrs of school with a college just before transporting to some 4-calendar year establishment, to keep your all round student loan principal lower The tuition is significantly lower your initial two many years, and your education will be equally as valid as everybody else's when you finish the greater university or college. To get the best from your student loan bucks, devote your leisure time studying as much as possible. It really is great to come out for a cup of coffee or a alcohol occasionally|then and from now on, but you are in class to find out.|You happen to be in class to find out, though it may be great to come out for a cup of coffee or a alcohol occasionally|then and from now on The better you may achieve within the school room, the more intelligent the borrowed funds is really as an investment. To usher in the very best profits on your student loan, get the best from on a daily basis in school. Rather than getting to sleep in till a few minutes just before type, and then jogging to type together with your binder and {notebook|laptop computer and binder} flying, get up previous to get on your own structured. You'll get better marks and make a great impact. As you have seen from your over article, in order to attend that pricey school the majority of people should get students financial loan.|To be able to attend that pricey school the majority of people should get students financial loan, as you have seen from your over article Don't allow your lack of money keep you rear from obtaining the education and learning you should have. Use the lessons within the over article to assist you manage school so you can get an excellent education and learning. Make the credit score card's pin program code difficult to suppose effectively. This is a large blunder to use such as your center title, birth date or perhaps the brands of your youngsters because this is details that anyone may find out.|Birth date or perhaps the brands of your youngsters because this is details that anyone may find out, it really is a large blunder to use such as your center title
Banks That Let You Open An Account With Bad Credit
The Good News Is That Even Though There Are No Guaranteed Loans, Many Payday Lenders Do Not Check Your Credit Score. Bad Credit Payday Loans Are Common, And Many Lenders Will Lend To Someone With A Low Or Bad Credit Score. Payday Loans Aurora You should get hold of your creditor, once you know that you will be unable to pay your monthly bill on time.|Once you learn that you will be unable to pay your monthly bill on time, you need to get hold of your creditor A lot of people tend not to let their credit card company know and turn out paying substantial costs. loan companies will work with you, should you make sure they know the specific situation beforehand plus they can even turn out waiving any late costs.|When you make sure they know the specific situation beforehand plus they can even turn out waiving any late costs, some loan providers will work with you Pay off your entire card balance each and every month when you can.|If you can, be worthwhile your entire card balance each and every month Inside the greatest scenario, a credit card must be employed as convenient fiscal instruments, but repaid totally prior to a brand new pattern begins.|Repaid totally prior to a brand new pattern begins, even though from the greatest scenario, a credit card must be employed as convenient fiscal instruments Using a credit card and making payment on the balance 100 % builds your credit ranking, and guarantees no fascination is going to be charged for your accounts. Get Those A Credit Card Manageable Using These Useful Ideas Once you learn a specific volume about a credit card and how they may correspond with your finances, you might just be planning to additional broaden your knowledge.|You might just be planning to additional broaden your knowledge once you know a specific volume about a credit card and how they may correspond with your finances picked out the right post, because this credit card information has some very nice information that can show you how you can make a credit card do the job.|Because this credit card information has some very nice information that can show you how you can make a credit card do the job, you chosen the right post Do not make use of your a credit card to help make emergency buys. A lot of people assume that this is actually the greatest utilization of a credit card, however the greatest use is actually for things which you get consistently, like food.|The most effective use is actually for things which you get consistently, like food, although many individuals assume that this is actually the greatest utilization of a credit card The secret is, to merely cost issues that you will be able to pay back again on time. When you acquire credit cards provide from the email, ensure you study everything meticulously prior to recognizing.|Be sure you study everything meticulously prior to recognizing should you acquire credit cards provide from the email Be sure you understand what you are actually engaging in, even should it be a pre-accredited card or perhaps a company supplying help with receiving a card.|If it is a pre-accredited card or perhaps a company supplying help with receiving a card, ensure you understand what you are actually engaging in, even.} It's crucial to be aware what your rate of interest is and will also be down the road. You need to find out of elegance time periods and any costs. Check out your credit report routinely. By law, you are allowed to check your credit score once a year from the three significant credit score firms.|You are allowed to check your credit score once a year from the three significant credit score firms legally This might be frequently enough, if you are using credit score moderately and constantly pay on time.|If you are using credit score moderately and constantly pay on time, this could be frequently enough You might want to commit the excess money, and appearance on a regular basis should you hold lots of credit debt.|When you hold lots of credit debt, you really should commit the excess money, and appearance on a regular basis To make the most efficient determination concerning the greatest credit card to suit your needs, compare precisely what the rate of interest is among numerous credit card possibilities. When a card has a higher rate of interest, this means that you will probably pay a greater fascination expenditure on your own card's overdue balance, which can be a real problem on your own budget.|It implies that you will probably pay a greater fascination expenditure on your own card's overdue balance, which can be a real problem on your own budget, when a card has a higher rate of interest Urgent, company or traveling purposes, is all that credit cards really should be utilized for. You would like to continue to keep credit score available for your occasions when you need it most, not when buying luxurious things. Who knows when an emergency will surface, therefore it is greatest that you will be well prepared. As mentioned previously from the post, you have a good volume of expertise concerning a credit card, but you want to additional it.|There is a good volume of expertise concerning a credit card, but you want to additional it, as said before from the post Take advantage of the details provided in this article and you will definitely be putting yourself in the right spot for success within your financial predicament. Do not wait to begin by using these recommendations today.
Looking For Advice About Education Loans? Look At This College or university fees still escalate, and student education loans really are a requirement for almost all individuals nowadays. You can find a cost-effective personal loan in case you have studied the topic nicely.|In case you have studied the topic nicely, you can find a cost-effective personal loan Keep reading to learn more. In case you have problems repaying your personal loan, make an attempt to continue to keep|consider, personal loan while keeping|personal loan, continue to keep and try|continue to keep, personal loan and try|consider, continue to keep and personal loan|continue to keep, make an attempt to personal loan a precise head. Life difficulties including unemployment and well being|health and unemployment issues are bound to occur. There are actually alternatives that you have within these circumstances. Remember that curiosity accrues in a variety of ways, so consider making obligations on the curiosity in order to avoid balances from growing. Be mindful when consolidating lending options jointly. The complete rate of interest might not exactly warrant the straightforwardness of just one payment. Also, by no means consolidate community student education loans in to a exclusive personal loan. You may get rid of extremely nice pay back and crisis|crisis and pay back alternatives provided to you legally and also be subject to the private commitment. Understand the requirements of exclusive lending options. You have to know that exclusive lending options need credit checks. In the event you don't have credit rating, you require a cosigner.|You require a cosigner when you don't have credit rating They should have great credit rating and a good credit history. {Your curiosity charges and terms|terms and charges will probably be greater in case your cosigner carries a great credit rating report and history|past and report.|If your cosigner carries a great credit rating report and history|past and report, your curiosity charges and terms|terms and charges will probably be greater How long can be your sophistication time period involving graduation and having to start paying back your loan? The time period must be 6 months for Stafford lending options. For Perkins lending options, you have 9 a few months. For other lending options, the terms fluctuate. Take into account exactly when you're expected to begin having to pay, and do not be past due. removed multiple education loan, get to know the distinctive relation to each.|Familiarize yourself with the distinctive relation to each if you've removed multiple education loan Distinct lending options will include distinct sophistication times, rates, and penalties. Preferably, you need to initial pay back the lending options with high interest rates. Personal lenders usually fee increased rates compared to govt. Opt for the payment choice that works best for you. In the vast majority of situations, student education loans offer a 10 12 months pay back term. tend not to be right for you, check out your other available choices.|Investigate your other available choices if these do not be right for you As an example, you may have to take time to pay financing again, but that will make your rates increase.|That will make your rates increase, even though by way of example, you may have to take time to pay financing again You may even only have to spend a particular amount of whatever you earn once you lastly do start making funds.|Once you lastly do start making funds you could even only have to spend a particular amount of whatever you earn The balances on some student education loans come with an expiration particular date at twenty-five years. Workout extreme care when it comes to education loan consolidation. Of course, it would probably decrease the amount of every payment per month. Even so, additionally, it indicates you'll pay on the lending options for several years in the future.|Furthermore, it indicates you'll pay on the lending options for several years in the future, however This may come with an unfavorable affect on your credit ranking. As a result, you may have issues securing lending options to buy a house or automobile.|Maybe you have issues securing lending options to buy a house or automobile, as a result Your college could have motives of their individual for recommending particular lenders. Some lenders utilize the school's title. This is often misleading. The institution can get a payment or reward if a pupil indicators with particular lenders.|If your pupil indicators with particular lenders, the college can get a payment or reward Know all about financing ahead of agreeing on it. It is incredible exactly how much a college education and learning truly does charge. In addition to that often is available student education loans, which could have a bad affect on a student's budget once they go deep into them unawares.|Once they go deep into them unawares, along with that often is available student education loans, which could have a bad affect on a student's budget Fortunately, the recommendation introduced right here can help you stay away from difficulties. Education Loans: Understand Each Of The Very best Tips And Tricks On this page These days, student education loans are a practically a right of passing for college-older men and women. The price of advanced schooling have increased to this kind of degree that some borrowing appears inescapable for almost all. Browse the post under to get a great sense for the appropriate and wrong tips to get the funds essential for institution. With regards to student education loans, make sure you only use what you require. Consider the quantity you require by taking a look at your overall expenditures. Factor in things like the price of living, the price of college, your school funding honors, your family's contributions, and so forth. You're not necessary to simply accept a loan's whole volume. Continue to be in touch with your financing establishment. Update your address, phone number or current email address once they transform which occasionally takes place very regularly throughout your college times.|Once they transform which occasionally takes place very regularly throughout your college times, update your address, phone number or current email address Also, it is vital that you open up and thoroughly read through any correspondence you receive from the loan provider, whether it is through conventional or e-mail. You must take all steps right away. You might wind up paying more money normally. Think of getting a exclusive personal loan. There are numerous student education loans accessible, and there is also a large amount of demand and a lot of rivalry. Personal student education loans are less tapped, with modest amounts of funds laying close to unclaimed due to modest dimensions and deficiency of recognition. Financial loans such as these can be accessible in your area and at the very least can help cover the price of guides throughout a semester. If you want to pay back your student education loans faster than appointed, be sure that your additional volume is definitely becoming placed on the primary.|Ensure that your additional volume is definitely becoming placed on the primary if you want to pay back your student education loans faster than appointed A lot of lenders will presume additional sums are only to become placed on long term obligations. Get in touch with them to be sure that the particular principal has been lessened so that you accrue significantly less curiosity over time. Think about using your industry of work as a way of experiencing your lending options forgiven. A variety of not for profit professions possess the federal benefit from education loan forgiveness after having a particular number of years dished up in the industry. A lot of says have a lot more nearby programs. {The spend may be significantly less within these areas, nevertheless the flexibility from education loan obligations can make up for your most of the time.|The freedom from education loan obligations can make up for your most of the time, although the spend may be significantly less within these areas Attempt shopping around for your personal exclusive lending options. If you need to use a lot more, explore this along with your consultant.|Explore this along with your consultant if you wish to use a lot more If your exclusive or alternative personal loan is your best bet, make sure you examine things like pay back alternatives, costs, and rates. {Your institution may possibly suggest some lenders, but you're not necessary to use from their website.|You're not necessary to use from their website, although your institution may possibly suggest some lenders Make sure to understand the relation to personal loan forgiveness. Some programs will forgive aspect or most of any federal student education loans you may have removed below particular circumstances. As an example, should you be nonetheless in personal debt following decade has passed and therefore are operating in a community assistance, not for profit or govt place, you could be qualified for particular personal loan forgiveness programs.|In case you are nonetheless in personal debt following decade has passed and therefore are operating in a community assistance, not for profit or govt place, you could be qualified for particular personal loan forgiveness programs, by way of example To lessen the amount of your student education loans, work as several hours since you can throughout your last year of senior high school and the summertime before college.|Serve as several hours since you can throughout your last year of senior high school and the summertime before college, to reduce the amount of your student education loans The better funds you will need to give the college in money, the significantly less you will need to fund. What this means is significantly less personal loan expenditure later on. When computing how much you can afford to spend on the lending options on a monthly basis, look at your twelve-monthly revenue. If your commencing income exceeds your overall education loan personal debt at graduation, aim to reimburse your lending options within 10 years.|Aim to reimburse your lending options within 10 years in case your commencing income exceeds your overall education loan personal debt at graduation If your personal loan personal debt is in excess of your income, look at a long pay back use of 10 to 2 decades.|Consider a long pay back use of 10 to 2 decades in case your personal loan personal debt is in excess of your income If your credit rating is abysmal and you're obtaining students personal loan, you'll probably need to use a co-signer.|You'll probably need to use a co-signer in case your credit rating is abysmal and you're obtaining students personal loan It is vital that you stay recent on the obligations. Or else, one other bash have to do so so that you can maintain their great credit rating.|So that you can maintain their great credit rating, normally, one other bash have to do so.} Plan your classes to get the most from your education loan funds. If your college charges a level, every semester payment, undertake a lot more classes to get more for your money.|Per semester payment, undertake a lot more classes to get more for your money, in case your college charges a level If your college charges significantly less in the summertime, make sure you visit summertime institution.|Be sure to visit summertime institution in case your college charges significantly less in the summertime.} Getting the most benefit for your personal dollar is the best way to extend your student education loans. To be sure that your education loan funds just visit your education and learning, make certain you used other ways to keep the data files accessible. require a clerical error to lead to someone in addition having your funds, or even your funds striking a big snag.|You don't need a clerical error to lead to someone in addition having your funds. Alternatively, your hard earned dollars striking a big snag.} Alternatively, continue to keep duplicates of your data files on hand to help you help the institution offer you your loan. In today's planet, student education loans can be quite the burden. If you realise your self having trouble making your education loan obligations, there are lots of alternatives available to you.|There are numerous alternatives available to you if you realise your self having trouble making your education loan obligations You are able to be eligible for a not simply a deferment but additionally lessened obligations below a myriad of distinct payment strategies due to govt modifications. Examine all options for making prompt obligations on the lending options. Pay out on time to keep your credit standing higher. Consider personal loan consolidation should you be having trouble paying back your lending options.|In case you are having trouble paying back your lending options, look at personal loan consolidation With college fees growing practically every day, practically all of us need to learn the opportunity of receiving at least one education loan. Even so, there are actually certainly points which can be done to reduce the influence this kind of borrowing has on one's economic long term.|There are actually certainly points which can be done to reduce the influence this kind of borrowing has on one's economic long term, however Implement the information introduced previously mentioned and get on strong ground commencing now. Tricks That Most Credit Card Users Have To Know In order to buy your initial visa or mastercard, but you aren't certain which to obtain, don't freak out.|Nevertheless, you aren't certain which to obtain, don't freak out, in order to buy your initial visa or mastercard Credit cards aren't as difficult to comprehend as you may feel. The information in this article can help you to figure out what you ought to know, to be able to sign up for credit cards.|So as to sign up for credit cards, the information in this article can help you to figure out what you ought to know.} Do not sign up for credit cards since you look at it in an effort to fit in or as a symbol of status. Although it may look like fun so as to draw it all out and purchase points when you have no funds, you are going to regret it, when it is time to spend the money for visa or mastercard company again. Ensure you are totally mindful of your greeting card agreement's terms. Most companies look at you to have consented to the credit card deal when you first utilize the greeting card. {The deal could have fine print, but it is crucial for you to meticulously read through it.|It is essential for you to meticulously read through it, while the deal could have fine print Browse the kinds of loyalty rewards and bonuses|bonuses and rewards that credit cards clients are supplying. In case you are a consistent visa or mastercard consumer, sign up for a greeting card that gives rewards you may use.|Sign up for a greeting card that gives rewards you may use should you be a consistent visa or mastercard consumer Applied sensibly, they are able to even produce an additional income source. Ensure that your passwords and pin|pin and passwords figures for all of your credit cards are challenging and complex|complex and difficult. Typical info like labels, or birthday celebrations are simple to guess and must be ignored.|Typical info like labels. Alternatively, birthday celebrations are simple to guess and must be ignored On the whole, you need to stay away from obtaining any credit cards that include any type of cost-free supply.|You must stay away from obtaining any credit cards that include any type of cost-free supply, on the whole Usually, nearly anything that you get cost-free with visa or mastercard applications will invariably include some sort of catch or invisible fees that you will be sure to feel dissapointed about later on down the line. Online acquisitions ought to simply be with respected providers which you have checked out before divulging info.|Prior to divulging info, on the web acquisitions ought to simply be with respected providers which you have checked out Attempt contacting the shown contact numbers to ensure the clients are in business and always stay away from acquisitions from organizations which do not have got a bodily address shown. In the event you can't get credit cards due to a spotty credit rating report, then take center.|Consider center when you can't get credit cards due to a spotty credit rating report You will still find some alternatives which may be very feasible for you personally. A guaranteed visa or mastercard is easier to obtain and may even help you repair your credit rating report very effectively. Using a guaranteed greeting card, you down payment a set volume in to a savings account by using a banking institution or financing establishment - typically about $500. That volume gets to be your equity for your profile, helping to make the financial institution prepared to work with you. You use the greeting card as a typical visa or mastercard, retaining expenditures below that limit. When you spend your regular bills responsibly, the financial institution may possibly opt to increase your restriction and finally turn the profile to your conventional visa or mastercard.|The bank may possibly opt to increase your restriction and finally turn the profile to your conventional visa or mastercard, when you spend your regular bills responsibly.} Many companies promote that you could move balances over to them and carry a reduce rate of interest. noises pleasing, but you should meticulously look at the options.|You must meticulously look at the options, even though this seems pleasing Ponder over it. If your company consolidates a better amount of money to one greeting card and so the rate of interest spikes, you are likely to have a problem making that payment.|You are going to have a problem making that payment if a company consolidates a better amount of money to one greeting card and so the rate of interest spikes Know all the conditions and terms|conditions and terms, and also be mindful. Credit cards are many less difficult than you believed, aren't they? Seeing that you've figured out the basics of getting credit cards, you're completely ready to sign up for the initial greeting card. Enjoy yourself making liable acquisitions and viewing your credit ranking start to soar! Bear in mind that you could always reread this informative article if you want additional support identifying which visa or mastercard to obtain.|If you need additional support identifying which visa or mastercard to obtain, keep in mind that you could always reread this informative article Now you can {go and get|get and go} your greeting card. Credit cards hold tremendous energy. Your consumption of them, appropriate or else, often means having respiration area, in the case of an unexpected emergency, positive affect on your credit rating rankings and history|past and rankings, and the opportunity of perks that enhance your way of life. Read on to learn some great tips on how to harness the strength of credit cards in your life.. Loans No Credit Check No Job Verification
Unemployment Loans With No Job Verification
Credit Union Loans With Bad Credit
Credit Union Loans With Bad Credit
Loans That Can Cover In These Situations, Helping To Overcome A Liquidity Crisis Or Emergency Situation. Payday Loans Require No Credit Investigation Hard Which Means You Have Access To Cash, Even If You Have Bad Credit. Thinking About Payday Loans? Use These Tips! Financial problems will often require immediate attention. If perhaps there are some type of loan that individuals could get that allowed these people to get money quickly. Fortunately, this type of loan does exist, and it's referred to as the cash advance. The next article contains all sorts of advice and suggestions about online payday loans which you might need. Take time to do some research. Don't go with the first lender you find. Search different companies to discover who may have the best rates. This may help you get more time however it will save your cash situation. You may even be capable of locate an internet site that helps the truth is this info at a glance. Before taking the plunge and deciding on a cash advance, consider other sources. The interest levels for online payday loans are high and if you have better options, try them first. Determine if your loved ones will loan you the money, or consider using a traditional lender. Payday cash loans should certainly be a final option. An incredible tip for all those looking to take out a cash advance, is usually to avoid looking for multiple loans right away. This will not only make it harder that you should pay all of them back by the next paycheck, but other businesses will be aware of if you have requested other loans. If you are in the military, you might have some added protections not accessible to regular borrowers. Federal law mandates that, the interest for online payday loans cannot exceed 36% annually. This is certainly still pretty steep, however it does cap the fees. You can examine for other assistance first, though, if you are in the military. There are many of military aid societies happy to offer help to military personnel. Consult with the BBB prior to taking financing out with a particular company. Some companies are excellent and reputable, but those which aren't may cause you trouble. If you can find filed complaints, be sure to read what that company has said responding. You need to learn how much you may be paying each and every month to reimburse your cash advance and to make certain there exists enough funds on your account to prevent overdrafts. If your check will not remove the bank, you may be charged an overdraft fee along with the interest and fees charged by the payday lender. Limit your cash advance borrowing to twenty-5 percent of your own total paycheck. Many people get loans to get more money than they could ever desire paying back within this short-term fashion. By receiving only a quarter of the paycheck in loan, you will probably have sufficient funds to pay off this loan once your paycheck finally comes. Will not get involved in an endless vicious circle. You ought to never get a cash advance to find the money to cover the note on a different one. Sometimes you have to take a take a step back and evaluate what it is that you are currently expending funds on, as an alternative to keep borrowing money to keep up your lifestyle. It is rather easy for you to get caught within a never-ending borrowing cycle, if you do not take proactive steps to prevent it. You can turn out spending plenty of cash within a brief time frame. Do not count on online payday loans to finance your lifestyle. Payday cash loans can be very expensive, hence they should basically be utilized for emergencies. Payday cash loans are simply just designed to assist you to cover unexpected medical bills, rent payments or food shopping, whilst you wait for your monthly paycheck out of your employer. Know the law. Imagine you take out a cash advance to be repaid with by the next pay period. Should you not spend the money for loan back promptly, the loan originator may use that this check you used as collateral whether you will find the profit your account or otherwise. Outside your bounced check fees, you can find states where lender can claim 3 times the level of your original check. To summarize, financial matters will often require that they can be dealt with in an urgent manner. For such situations, a fast loan may be needed, for instance a cash advance. Simply remember the cash advance advice and tips from earlier in this article to acquire a cash advance for your needs. Credit Card Tips That Will Save You Lots Of Money If you ever have got a charge on the cards that is an error on the credit card company's behalf, you can get the costs taken off.|You can get the costs taken off if you have got a charge on the cards that is an error on the credit card company's behalf How you do this is simply by sending them the date of the costs and precisely what the charge is. You happen to be protected against these matters by the Acceptable Credit history Billing Respond. Take A Look At These Great Credit Card Tips A credit card have the potential to be useful tools, or dangerous enemies. The easiest method to comprehend the right strategies to utilize bank cards, is usually to amass a significant body of knowledge about them. Take advantage of the advice within this piece liberally, and also you have the capability to take control of your own financial future. Inspect the small print carefully. When you receive an offer touting a pre-approved card, or perhaps a salesperson provides you with aid in receiving the card, make sure you understand all the details involved. Know the interest you may receive, and exactly how long it will probably be in effect. Find out about grace periods for payments and in case you can find any other fees involved. Emergency, business or travel purposes, will be all that a credit card should certainly be utilized for. You wish to keep credit open for your times when you need it most, not when purchasing luxury items. You will never know when an unexpected emergency will crop up, so it is best that you are currently prepared. Look at the relation to your credit card agreement carefully before you use your credit card initially. Most companies consider one to have decided to the credit card agreement when you initially take advantage of the card. Whilst the agreement's print is tiny, read it carefully as you can. It is far from wise to get a credit card the moment you might be of sufficient age to achieve this. However want to spend and have bank cards, you need to truly know the way credit works when you establish it. Get accustomed to your responsibilities as being an adult before getting through a credit card. Only take cash advances out of your credit card once you absolutely ought to. The finance charges for cash advances are incredibly high, and tough to pay off. Only utilize them for situations where you have zero other option. Nevertheless, you must truly feel that you will be capable of making considerable payments on the credit card, soon after. Anyone who is considering new bank cards is wise to consider cards without having annual fee and low interest levels. Using the plethora of suitable bank cards available without annual fees, there exists simply absolutely no reason to have tied to a card that does charge one. Benefit from the freebies provided by your credit card company. Some companies have some form of cash back or points system that is attached to the card you hold. When using these matters, it is possible to receive cash or merchandise, only for making use of your card. If your card will not offer an incentive like this, call your credit card company and get if it can be added. Far too many individuals have gotten themselves into precarious financial straits, due to bank cards. The easiest method to avoid falling into this trap, is to possess a thorough comprehension of the various ways bank cards may be used within a financially responsible way. Position the tips in this article to be effective, and you may turn into a truly savvy consumer. Guidance Regarding How To Use Payday Loans Occasionally even toughest employees need some economic support. When you genuinely require funds and paycheck|paycheck and money is actually a couple of weeks aside, look at taking out a cash advance.|Consider taking out a cash advance in the event you genuinely require funds and paycheck|paycheck and money is actually a couple of weeks aside Even with what you've noticed, they could be a very good investment. Please read on to learn to prevent the dangers and properly protected a cash advance. Look for with all the Greater Organization Bureau to research any paycheck loan provider you are interested in working together with. As a team, men and women searching for online payday loans are rather weak people and firms who are prepared to prey on that team are regrettably very very common.|Individuals searching for online payday loans are rather weak people and firms who are prepared to prey on that team are regrettably very very common, like a team Determine whether the business you plan to cope with is reputable.|In the event the company you plan to cope with is reputable, discover Straight loans are much more secure than indirect loans when credit. Indirect loans may also struck you with costs that can carrier your costs. Stay away from loan companies who usually roll financing expenses to following pay out intervals. This sets you within a financial debt trap where monthly payments you might be generating are simply to protect costs as an alternative to paying off the principle. You can find yourself spending way more funds on the borrowed funds than you really must. Pick your personal references smartly. {Some cash advance businesses need you to name two, or 3 personal references.|Some cash advance businesses need you to name two. Otherwise, 3 personal references These are the men and women that they will call, if there is a challenge and also you should not be attained.|If you find a challenge and also you should not be attained, these represent the men and women that they will call Make certain your personal references might be attained. Additionally, make certain you alert your personal references, that you are currently utilizing them. This will assist these people to count on any phone calls. Be sure you have every one of the information you need in regards to the cash advance. When you skip the payback date, you might be exposed to extremely high costs.|You may well be exposed to extremely high costs in the event you skip the payback date It is vital that these types of loans are paid promptly. It's even better to achieve this ahead of the working day they may be because of entirely. Prior to signing up for a cash advance, carefully look at how much cash that you really require.|Meticulously look at how much cash that you really require, before you sign up for a cash advance You ought to use only how much cash that can be needed in the short term, and that you will be capable of paying back again at the end of the term of the loan. You will discover a cash advance workplace on each and every spot currently. Payday cash loans are small loans based on your invoice of direct put in of any normal paycheck. This kind of loan is certainly one that is brief-termed. As these loans are for this type of short-term, the interest levels can be very higher, but this can really help out if you're dealing with an unexpected emergency condition.|This can really help out if you're dealing with an unexpected emergency condition, even though because these loans are for this type of short-term, the interest levels can be very higher When you find a very good cash advance company, stick to them. Make it your primary goal to construct a track record of profitable loans, and repayments. In this way, you could possibly become eligible for even bigger loans in the future using this type of company.|You could possibly become eligible for even bigger loans in the future using this type of company, by doing this They can be far more prepared to work with you, during times of genuine have a problem. Possessing check this out post, you should have a better comprehension of online payday loans and really should really feel more confident about them. Many people fear online payday loans and get away from them, but they may be forgoing the response to their economic issues and jeopardizing injury to their credit.|They can be forgoing the response to their economic issues and jeopardizing injury to their credit, even though many men and women fear online payday loans and get away from them.} If you do issues correctly, it could be a significant practical experience.|It may be a significant practical experience should you issues correctly
Prevent getting the patient of charge card fraudulence by keeping your charge card safe all the time. Pay specific attention to your credit card when you find yourself utilizing it at a retail store. Make sure to make sure you have sent back your credit card in your wallet or handbag, when the purchase is finished. Try and create your student loan obligations punctually. When you miss your instalments, you are able to encounter unpleasant monetary fees and penalties.|You may encounter unpleasant monetary fees and penalties in the event you miss your instalments Many of these can be very substantial, especially if your loan company is handling the loans via a series organization.|If your loan company is handling the loans via a series organization, some of these can be very substantial, specially Take into account that personal bankruptcy won't create your education loans vanish entirely. Improve your individual financial by looking into a wage wizard calculator and comparing the results to what you really are at present creating. If you find that you might be not at the exact same level as others, take into account requesting a bring up.|Think about requesting a bring up if you find that you might be not at the exact same level as others When you have been working in your place of worker for the calendar year or even more, than you might be certainly prone to get what you are worthy of.|Than you might be certainly prone to get what you are worthy of when you have been working in your place of worker for the calendar year or even more Pay Day Loans And Also You: Ways To Perform Right Thing Online payday loans will not be that confusing like a subject. For some reason lots of people believe that payday loans take time and effort to know your face around. They don't know if they ought to acquire one or otherwise not. Well read through this article, to see whatever you can understand more about payday loans. So that you can make that decision. When you are considering a shorter term, cash advance, do not borrow any further than you must. Online payday loans should only be utilized to enable you to get by inside a pinch and never be employed for more money from your pocket. The rates of interest are far too high to borrow any further than you undoubtedly need. Before signing up for the cash advance, carefully consider the money that you really need. You ought to borrow only the money that might be needed in the short term, and that you may be able to pay back at the conclusion of the expression from the loan. Make sure that you understand how, and whenever you will pay off the loan before you even buy it. Get the loan payment worked into your budget for your forthcoming pay periods. Then you can definitely guarantee you pay the money back. If you fail to repay it, you will definately get stuck paying a loan extension fee, in addition to additional interest. When confronted with payday lenders, always ask about a fee discount. Industry insiders indicate these particular discount fees exist, only to the people that ask about it purchase them. A marginal discount can save you money that you really do not have at this time anyway. Even if they claim no, they will often point out other deals and options to haggle for your business. Although you may be at the loan officer's mercy, do not be afraid to question questions. If you believe you might be not receiving a great cash advance deal, ask to talk to a supervisor. Most companies are happy to stop some profit margin if this means becoming more profit. Read the small print just before any loans. As there are usually extra fees and terms hidden there. Lots of people make your mistake of not doing that, and so they find yourself owing a lot more compared to what they borrowed in the first place. Make sure that you recognize fully, anything that you will be signing. Look at the following 3 weeks as the window for repayment for the cash advance. If your desired amount borrowed is beyond whatever you can repay in 3 weeks, you should think about other loan alternatives. However, payday lender can get you money quickly when the need arise. Although it might be tempting to bundle lots of small payday loans into a larger one, this really is never advisable. A sizable loan is the worst thing you want when you find yourself struggling to settle smaller loans. See how you are able to pay off a loan by using a lower interest rates so you're able to escape payday loans and the debt they cause. For individuals that get stuck inside a position where they have got more than one cash advance, you should consider alternatives to paying them off. Think about using a money advance off your charge card. The monthly interest will probably be lower, and the fees are significantly less in comparison to the payday loans. Since you are knowledgeable, you ought to have an improved idea about whether, or otherwise not you might get a cash advance. Use what you learned today. Make the decision that is going to benefit you the finest. Hopefully, you recognize what includes acquiring a cash advance. Make moves in relation to your needs. In the ideal community, we'd discover all we necessary to understand about money prior to we was required to get into real life.|We'd discover all we necessary to understand about money prior to we was required to get into real life, inside a ideal community Nevertheless, even in the imperfect community that we are now living in, it's never ever too late to understand all you can about individual financial.|Even just in the imperfect community that we are now living in, it's never ever too late to understand all you can about individual financial This information has offered that you simply excellent start off. It's up to you to get the most from it. Get Control Completely With This Particular Personal Finance Advice This article will instruct you on how to plan and implement your financial goals. Your goals might be as easy or even more complicated. None-the-less read through this and take into consideration the way can put towards the goals you have set for yourself. When utilizing an ATM on a trip, ensure the bank itself is open. ATMs have an annoying tendency to enjoy cards. If your card is eaten at a bank that is hundreds of miles from home, this may be a major inconvenience. In case the bank is open, you will more likely have the ability to retrieve your card. When you have lost a prior the place to find foreclosure, this does not always mean that you will be away from home owning altogether. You must be able to get a government-backed mortgage through Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the FHA, after as little as three years after your previous home has foreclosed. Triple look at the charge card statements the second you arrive home. Make sure you pay special attention in looking for duplicates of the charges, extra charges you don't recognize, or simple overcharges. When you spot any unusual charges, contact both your charge card company and the business that charged you immediately. For moms and dads that want to get personal finances on their own child's mind as quickly as possible giving them an allowance can produce a cashflow to enable them to develop their skills with. An allowance will train them to conserve for desired purchases and the ways to manage their very own money. Even the parent remains to be there to help them along. To be sure that your charge card payments are paid in a timely manner, try creating automatic payments through your bank. Regardless of whether or otherwise not you are able to pay off your charge cards completely, paying them in a timely manner will allow you to create a good payment history. You won't need to worry about missing a payment or having it arrive late. Whenever you can, send in a little bit more to cover on the balance on the card. You are going to become more successful in Forex trading by permitting profits run. Only use this tactic if you have reason to believe the streak continues. Know when you should remove your cash in the market as soon as you earn a profit. Almost everyone makes mistakes making use of their finances. When you have only bounced one check, your bank may say yes to waive the returned check fee. This courtesy is normally only extended to customers who happen to be consistent in avoiding overdrawing their bank checking account, and is usually offered over a one-time basis. Make positive changes to trading plans with your goals. If your personal goals change, with no longer match up with the strategy you might be using available in the market, it may be a chance to change it a little. When your financial circumstances changes, reevaluating your goals and techniques will allow you to manage your trades better. Hopefully, while reading this article article you noted your own goals. You can now figure out just what steps you should take. You may have to do more research in the details of what you really are saving for, or you may well be able to start at this time to attain your goals faster.Jamaicans 60 And Over Who Got Fully Vaccinated To Expect Payout Early September
The Minister of Finance Dr Nigel Clarke has given word that thousands of Jamaicans over the age of 60, will receive their payments in the coming days for getting fully vaccinated.
According to the Minister, the payout will occur in the first week of September for those persons who had made their application through the digital platform for the Covid-19 Allocation of Resources for Employees (CARE) program.
The delay in payments according to Dr Clarke is due to the processing time the system takes to validate the applicant’s information.
The payout according to the Minister of Finance will happen through commercial banks, Remittance agencies and third-party collectors.
Dr Clarke has also outlined that in the past year, the program has run into several issues which caused persons to not get their payment as some of the applicants entered wrong banking information and names.
As such the Minister is encouraging future applicants to ensure that they double-check before making their application.
For those persons who are expecting their payout through a remittance company, Dr Clarke has said that the company usually holds the funds for a length of time but if it is not collected, the Government of Jamaica claims it.
He also gave information relating to those persons that are disabled, noting that they will be able to employ a third party to make the collection as long as they have a letter authorised by a JP.
So far there have been a total of 36414 seniors including 15,149 men and 21,265 women who applied for the $10,000 payout between the period of July 15 and August 17.Democratic strategist Donna Brazile said Sunday on ABC’s “This Week” offered her advice for those struggling with the inflationary pressures on the American economy: be smart shoppers.STEPHANOPOULOS: And, Chris, one of the things the White House is counting on, that if they are able to pass this bipartisan — well, it’s the bipartisan infrastructure bill…
Donna Brazile on Inflation Concerns: ‘Be a Smart Shopper’
China Real Estate Shares, Bonds Hit by Evergrande Concerns
SHANGHAI—Shares and bonds of Chinese real estate companies slid on Thursday, reflecting uncertainty about how a debt crisis will play out at China Evergrande Group and the wider property sector as another developer was hit by a rating downgrade. Evergrande, which has more than $300 billion in liabilities and 1,300 real estate projects in over…
Joe Manchin Booed by Democrat Senators for Raising Concerns over ‘Infrastructure’ Expense
Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) was reportedly booed Thursday by Democrat Senators for raising concerns about the expense of the $3.5 trillion “infrastructure” price tag. “One source described the West Virginian as being ‘jokingly booed’ by the other senators, but another source in the room did not see it that way,” Politico Playbook reported. “Tensions are torquing up…
OPM Nominee Confirmed After Republican Delay Over Concerns Critical Race Theory Could Seep Further Into Government
Vice […]
PROTESTERS Crash Trump Fundraiser, BEAT AND ROB Trump Supporters Leaving MN Convention Center
THIS WAS HORRIBLE!. In San Jose protesters beat […] […]
BREAKING: Despite Terrorism Concerns, U.S. To Accept 10,000 Syrian Refugees […]One of the most disturbing revelations in recent history is that the biggest potential threat to human rights, freedoms and privacy comes not from those who break the laws, but from those who make them. No matter how sophisticated scammers and hackers are, none of them has access to all personal information of every citizen. But governments do, just as they have the capacity to change the laws and remove privacy protections at any time. The consent you gave for the use of your personal data today may be used for a completely different purpose tomorrow.
The good news is that in a democratic society any governmental misdeed can (at least in theory) only go as far as voters allow it. Therefore it is an important obligation of every voting citizen to be aware of what the governments are doing, which privacy-affecting legislations get passed, under what pretext, for what purpose and with what likely outcome, and keep all that in mind when deciding who to vote for next time.
The “if you've got nothing to hide, you've got nothing to fear” is a very detrimental fallacy. Dignity and autonomy are basic human rights, and they cannot exist when a person cannot live their daily life free from surveillance, censorship and manipulation.
For tuning into Australian issues surrounding online and digital privacy, rights and freedoms, you can watch Electronic Frontiers Australia talks and share them with your family members, friends, colleagues and through social media. These discussions may be not highly entertaining, but a responsible citizen in a democratic society cannot afford to be ignorant and want nothing but bread and circuses. Otherwise there may not be any democratic society in the future, nor bread or circuses.tituss burgess
Andy Cohen Responds To Tituss Burgess Calling Him 'A Messy Queen' -- Here's Why He Thinks They Clashed!
Tituss Burgess appeared on Sunday's episode of Watch What Happens Live where his conversation […]
Tituss Burgess Defends Eddie Murphy After Andy Cohen Diss
Tituss Burgess appeared Tuesday morning on the Wendy Williams Show. In true Wendy fashion, […]Best Selling
ARTISAN SOAPS
AFFORDABLE LUXURY HANDCRAFTED SOAPS
"My greatest desire is to create affordable luxury soaps and body care products for you that will nourish the spirit and body and give you great pleasure in using them, and sharing them with your friends and family."
-Sharon Lamberth, founder Beaver Creek Soap Co
Every Beaver Creek Soap Bar is made with premium oils, time tested wholesome ingredients and Shea and Cocoa Butters, all perfectly proportioned to Nourish and Hydrate your skin and Recharge your energy and spirit.
Let customers speak for usfrom 36 reviews
soaps are great! they lather up really nicely and the scents are amazing! will definitely be ordering again!
Love the soft scent and how silky it makes my skin feel. Will definitely order again.
This scrub is exactly what my skin needed. I had dry and flaky skin that didn’t absorb any moisturizer. I used this scrub and I instantly noticed the difference in my skin. The cracks and lines were gone and it was visibly smoother. Love this stuff!
I sent this gift box to my mom and my MIL. Both were very happy with the gift!
I love the long-lasting scent. It reminds me of the ocean. Its long-lasting. This is an amazing company. All of your products are exceptional. Thank you
It is great. It has a wonderful scent.
I just received my soap and I'm in love! It has a rich crisp pear scent that I could smell in the wrapper! The soap lathers beautifully and leaves my skin feeling soft and scented. Customer for life!
I love all of your products. The are good for the skin. They smell wonderful and are long-lasting
The prices are also excellent. Thank you
Wonderful aromas and my kids absolutely love them! Sweet and creamy lather provided is absolutely fantastic and either kind!
I have tried all the sugar scrubs. All are amazing. The best I have ever bought.
My soap sample reminded me of a slice of birthday cake with a little flower on top!
It smells wonderful & it's very creamy, making my hands feel softer. Glad I purchased the sample.
I ordered the sample of paradise found for my daughter and myself and the oatmeal milk and honey for my daughters bridesmaids oh my goodness it smells so good and she packages them so beautiful, definitely has gotten a customer a long term customer... thank you it’s perfect!!!
Just absolutely amazing!!
I was super surprised at how bold the fragrance is in the Paradise Found soap and the Rose Quartz shea body cream. Both the soap and the cream leaves your skin feeling so soft and fragrance that lasts. I will definitely be purchasing more. I absolutely love my products.
We absolutely love this soap bar! It has a wonderful aroma and a nice lather. Definitely recommend this for coffee lovers!BULKION
Dear Users,
According to the official plan (Please refer to the announcement>>>), SUNstartedimplementinga token redenomination and platform upgrade on May 26, 2021 (UTC). To help users swap their new SUN smoothly, Huobi Global schedules to disable margin trading on SUN/USDT at 03:00 on May 31 (UTC).
Huobi Global will:
Cease the loan services on the above trading pairs at 8:00 AM，May 30 (UTC).
Halt the margin trading services at 3:00 AM, May 31 (UTC), after which the transfer will be unavailable.
Execute the compulsory repayments at 3:00 AM, May 31 (UTC).
To protect your assets from being affected by compulsory repayment, please terminate trading for the above trading pairs and make repayments before 3:00 AM，May 31 (UTC).
Notes:
1. Please cancel pending orders for the above trading pairs prior to the termination of margin trading.
2. The system will execute compulsory repayment if assets haven't been repaid after the adjustment, following which the remaining assets will be transferred to the Exchange account.
3.The transfer-in/out functions will be disabled at 3:00 am on May 31, 2021 (UTC). The system will snapshot user assets in the corresponding margin account and conduct token swap in the follow-up work. The SUN tokens will be transferred into the user Exchange account. During the token swap period, the asset amount display may be temporarily inaccurate, which is expected to return to normal with 48 hours. Please refer to the Spot announcement for further details.!..”
Hmmmm. I think you can read my brain with the zucchini noodles! This looks pretty easy and tasty. We’ve been using zukes once or twice a week too to save on carbs and honestly, I can’t tell much difference. Ok, it’s not as good as pasta, but it comes pretty dang close! And I’m thinking about throwing in some roasted red peppers in here. My family LOVES spiralizing! It’s like a family activity, what we do instead of sledding when I get too lazy.
i can’t tell a huge difference either but i think that might be because i’m not a super huge fan (gasp!) of pasta to begin with.
great
Must say I am still trying to get on board with zoodles, but I think this sauce just won me over.
when in doubt… add lots of cheese and try again.
Yesss, my zoodle trick is also to just make regular noodles and then throw some zoodles in at the end to make myself feel better about eating a vat of pasta for dinner. This is even better!!
it works like a charm!
Oh boy!! I can’t wait to try this and see what else you come up with. I have a spiralizer and rarely use it!
This looks so good! especially the sauce. Love cherry tomatoes!
the sauce was to die for, i couldn’t handle the cherry tomato cuteness!
Oh, please, share the sauce recipe! Just LOVED it, the cherry tomatoes are so cute!
This looks so good! I finally caved and bought a spiralizer too.
they are so worth it!
Yes! I’m right there with ya on not getting enough of the green stuff! In fact, last night I was having dinner with my parents and my mom made some kind of pasta salad with spinach in it. And as I’m telling them that I’m going to buy a juicer because I feel like I just don’t get enough veggies in every day, I look down and realize that like a typical 5 year old I have pushed aside all of the spinach. Except there was no dog under the table to feed it to, so I actually had to eat it…especially since everyone was staring at me by that time and I felt like I should maybe act like an adult and gag down my leafy greens.
But, I am all over these zoodles, especially since they’re in a cream sauce. Cream is just a few degrees away from becoming cheese! Besides, the zucchini cancels out the calories in the cream, that’s just how it works. I get it.
bahahaha this is so my life.
Every time I make these noodles, they turn out so wet. What am I doing wrong!?
i haven’t had this issue before, at least not yet! but i also haven’t made tons of zucchini noodles so it might be coming later, haha. anyway – a few people mentioned this on instagram and someone said they baked their noodles before using? i think maybe it dehydrates them a bit? 300 degrees for 20 mins? i haven’t tried, but it might be worth a try!
Jessica, what spiralizer do you use? The more and more recipes I see with vegetables noodles has convinced me I need a spiralizer, but I’m not sure what the best one to get is.
i use the inspiralizer and LOVE it!
My Spiralizer is in the mail right now and should be arrive today….I think I know what my first recipe is going to be. I love any way I can sneak in extra veggies!!
how exciting!!
What a beautiful dish! I love anything that has lots and lots of garlic.. and Cheese of course!
Absolutely perfect! x
Speaking of incorporating more greens in…I got the idea for someone on YouTube – mix shredded/grated zucchini with store bought frozen hash browns 50/50. When its all cooked together tastes like all hash browns. So good!
love this idea!
Hi there,
I love zucchini noodles but I find them to be watery. Do you have any tips to quickly dry them out?
hi caitlin! i have never had this problem, at least not yet. but i saw some people mention this on instagram and someone said to bake them for 20 minutes at 300 degrees before using?? may be worth a shot!
I want to grab a fork and just dive right into that bowl!
Kari
This looks delicious enough to have me wishing my dairy allergy would magically disappear.
But on top of that, these photos are STUNNING. (Esp. the 2nd and last one.) Even my inner fat kid is enraptured, which really says something. Well done!
thank you so much maggie!!
That garlic cream sauce … come to mama! Noms!
I never feel like I get enough veggies in, and this sounds like a pretty perfect way to sneak in some extra! I have a julienne peeler but then I see these beautiful looking noodles and feel like maybe I need a spiralizer… but on the other hand I really don’t want another kitchen gadget. Oh the dilemma.
i was the same way! i keep mine in the box (once it dries from washing) and store it with blog props – totally worth it!
I am obsessed with my spiralizer, and also am on a mission to make zoodles at least once a week. I am not really a pasta fan, so am thoroughly enjoying the zoodles. This is going to be a great alternative to what I make. And, absolutely, you have to reward yourself with delicious cake after all those veggies :-)
oh yummy!
YUM! Those zucchini noodles looks delish! (:
Pingback: Loving Lately - Supper Thyme Stories
mmmm
Pingback: 7 Easy Dinner Ideas To Try This Week | CNN LIFEHACKS 2015
Pingback: 7 Easy Dinner Ideas To Try This Week – AMNY
Pingback: 7 Easy Dinner Ideas To Try This Week | PintVerse
Pingback: 7 Easy Dinner Ideas To Try This Week – Slugline.io
Pingback: 7 Easy Dinner Ideas To Try This Week – Spanglish Humor
I LOVE zucchini and garlic + onions make everything taste delicious so def trying this recipe tonight. And the Garlic Butter Breadcrumbs are genius!
<3
Pingback: 7 Easy Dinner Ideas To Try This Week | Save for the Day
Pingback: 7 Easy Dinner Ideas To Try This Week « GOBTUBE.COM
Pingback: 7 Easy Dinner Ideas To Try This Week – Gossiprity
Pingback: 7 Easy Dinner Ideas To Try This Week | TimeOutPk
Pingback: 7 Easy Dinner Ideas To Try This Week
Pingback: 7 Easy Dinner Ideas To Try This Week | One Click Smile
Pingback: WeSocialShares » 7 Easy Dinner Ideas To Try This Week
Pingback: 7 Easy Dinner Ideas To Try This Week | Czaal News Feed
Pingback: 7 Easy Dinner Ideas To Try This Week | Nifymag.com
Pingback: 90 Easy Meals to Save Money When Prepping for Big Changes
Pingback: 21 Genius Ways To Turn Vegetables Into Noodles – DIY Mom Hacks
Pingback: 21 Genius Ways To Turn Vegetables Into Noodles | Women's Health Services
Pingback: 21 Genius Ways To Turn Vegetables Into Noodles – Slugline.io
Pingback: 21 Genius Ways To Turn Vegetables Into Noodles « GOBTUBE.COM
Pingback: 21 Genius Ways To Turn Vegetables Into Noodles – AMNY
Pingback: 21 Genius Ways To Turn Vegetables Into Noodles - Buzz And Gossip
Pingback: 21 Genius Ways To Turn Vegetables Into Noodles - Likes
Pingback: 21 Genius Ways To Turn Vegetables Into Noodles – Healthy Organic
Pingback: HoopingMovement.com » Blog Archive » 21 Genius Ways To Turn Vegetables Into Noodles
Pingback: 21 Genius Ways To Turn Vegetables Into Noodles | Roumor
Pingback: 21 Genius Ways To Turn Vegetables Into Noodles | Nifymag.comHow to Display Your Best Reviews on Your Website using the Bright Reviews Widget
Bright Reviews was created to make it easy to solicit reviews from your customers. Now, you can use the Bright Reviews Widget to also proudly display those hard-earned positive reviews on your website. Here’s how you can do it:
Step 1.
Log in to your Bright Reviews account. If you are using our strategic partner program, use your special link or click the direct link in any of our emails. Otherwise, you can log in here. Once you’ve logged in, go to the new “Widget” tab located in the left sidebar. It looks kind of like this: </>
Step 2.
Let’s connect the widget to your social profiles. At the time being, from the Bright Reviews supported channels, only Facebook and Google allow you to display your positive reviews on your website. But first, you must authorize the widget to display your Facebook reviews and you must locate your Google Place ID. We could explain to you how, but it’s probably best if we show you:
Step 3.
After you’ve copied the widget code, you can use it in your website editor (if you’re the maintain-it-yourself kind), or you can send it to your website’s administrator (who can easily place it where you want to display your best reviews). If you are part of one of our strategic partner plans, contact us through the support ticket form for further help.
Good Reviews Only
Because we like to focus on all that’s good in the world (unlike those pesky naysayers), our widget only displays positive reviews. Hey, bad reviews can happen… but there’s no need to air those out in the open. After all, it’s your website. Everything on it should positively support your business!
Now, potential customers can gain further trust in your brand when they see the solid reputation you’ve earned. And, the best part is, the widget updates your page automatically, every time you receive new positive reviews! So you can spend less time updating your website and more time requesting reviews (and doing the awesome work you do that all your clients are raving about!)
Now that’s working smarter.PALESTINE, SYRIA, LEBANON and IRAQ, to 1930 (1 of 4)
Demography and Alliances to 1916 | Victory in the Middle East for the Allies: 1916-18 | The British and French Takeover | Rebellion against Colonialism in Iraq and Syria
Jerusalem in the mid-19th century had a population that is said to have not exceeded 8,000. Jews were only about 5 percent of its population. Jewish migrants coming from Poland and Russia arrived in the 1880s, fleeing pogroms and harsh discrimination. Jews running from anti-Semitism also came from other countries. There were indigenous Jews in Palestine and Jews who had arrived three centuries earlier, from Spain and Persia. By around 1900 the Zionist movement in Europe was helping Jews establish agricultural communities in Palestine, while many Jewish immigrants preferred not to farm. By 1911 the Jews in Jerusalem numbered around 40,000, there were 9,000 Christians and 7,000 Muslims.
Jerusalem was the largest city in Palestine, with holy places for Jews, Christians and Muslims but little else to match its reputation. T E Lawrence (to be known as Lawrence of Arabia) was to describe it as a "dirty town." Its streets have been described as largely unpaved, crooked and blind alleys.
In Syria, the city of Damascus in 1911 had a population estimated to be between 154,000 and 225,000. Christians and Jews together numbered between 35,000 and 55,000.
Another relatively large city, in Mesopotamia, was Baghdad, a city that had declined over centuries from its high of around 1,000,000 inhabitants to a population in 1907 recorded as 185,000.
Also in what was still being described as Syria was Beirut with a 1911 population of around 120,000, with something like 77,000 Christians, 36,000 Muslims, 4,100 foreigners, 2,500 Jews and 400 Druses.
Farther south, in that part of Arabia known as the Hejaz along the coast of the Red Sea, was the smaller city of Medina, the "City of the Prophet," with a population in 1911 of between 15,000 and 20,000.
Farther south in the Hejaz was Mecca. It had a fixed population said to be between 50,000 and 60,000 in 1878. Its population included Muslims who were making their once in a lifetime pilgrimage – a city that had frequent cholera epidemics.
By far the largest cities in the entire area were Cairo, with 600,000 to 700,000 inhabitants, and Alexandria with close to 400,000.
From Palestine and Syria to as far south as Yemen, the Ottoman Empire ruled, and it ruled nominally in Egypt. Since 1882 the British had been in actual control of Egypt – seven years after Britons had purchased shares in the Suez Canal enterprise from the Ottoman Empire's viceroy in Egypt and had begun to control Egypt's finances.
Meanwhile there was not yet a Saudi Arabia. By 1912 its founder-to-be, Ibn Saud, had made himself a minor warlord in an area that measured 700 by 700 yards. He was allied with camel-riding Bedouin tribal warriors who adhered to a conservative Islam: Wahabism. With these tribesmen, Saud founded the Ikhwan, a military-religious brotherhood with the approval of local Salafi ulema. Saud also instituted an agrarian policy to settle the nomadic pastoralist bedouins into colonies, and to do this Saud made peace with the Ottoman Empire. He agreed not to have relations with any outside power and join Ottoman forces in resisting any aggressions.
More prestigious than Ibn Saud in Arabia was Hussein bin Ali, who ruled the Hejaz and also ruled as the Sharif of Mecca. He was of the Hashemite family that claimed direct descent from Muhammad the Prophet. The Hashemite family had ruled the Hejaz in unbroken succession since the year 1201.
Since 1839, there had been attempts by the Ottomans to modernize Arabia – a program called Tanzimat – a program continued by the revolutionaries who took power in 1908. The reforms attempted to integrate non-Muslims and non-Turks more thoroughly into Ottoman society by enhancing their civil liberties and granting them equality throughout the Empire.
The effort to integrate Turkey and Arabia was advanced by extending railways from Turkey. A railroad reached Jerusalem in 1892. The Hejaz railroad was begun in 1900 with the intention of running through Damascus, Medina and Mecca. And then there was the railway that was planned to reach Baghdad, a project funded and engineered mainly by Germans. The Turks wanted a rail line to Baghdad and the Germans wanted a transport connection to the Persian Gulf.
Against the integration were a few Western-educated Arab intellectuals and military officers who formed organizations supporting greater local autonomy in Arabia, and there were various tribes in Arabia who wanted to be left alone.
Then came the outbreak of war in August 1914. The Committee of Union and Progress (CUP), known collectively as the Young Turks, decided to enter the war on the side of Germany. The British responded in November by annexing Cyprus, and in December the British announced that Egypt was their protectorate. The pretense that it was still a part of the Ottoman Empire was dropped.
The British defeated a remnant Ottoman force at Basra near the Persian Gulf in December, and its wartime enemies responded by attacking the British at the Suez Canal, and an Ottoman force invaded Egypt but was repelled.
The British took serious steps to win allies among the Arabs, and they succeeded. Between July 1915 and March 1916 there was correspondence between Sir Henry McMahon, British High Commissioner in Egypt, and the ruler of the Hejaz and Mecca, Hussein bin Ali. Basically, the British promised Hussein that their success against the Ottoman Turks would leave people in Arabia independent, and Hussein agreed to an alliance with Britain against Ottoman rule.
The British were also talking to Ibn Saud, who had been harboring some dislike toward the Turks. Saud abandoned his agreements with the Ottomans and in December 1915 he signed a treaty of "friendship and cooperation" with the British, and from the British he began receiving monthly payments.
With the war and the alliances, the Middle East would never be the same.
SourcesYour alternative pdf Intimate Commerce: Exchange, Gender, and Subjectivity in Greek Tragedy reduces fiber-optic and workplace, and this microacoustofluidic example is it easier than randomly to give, track, and admit what it can be you predict. Or it suggests you into imposed Engineering Design Methods: beams for Product Design 2008 and Interview Secrets Exposed.Zhang Li-Zhi; Wang Zheng-Chuan( 2009). Analytical Solution to the Boltzmann-Poisson Equation and Its request to MIS Tunneling Junctions '. 140-km2 Lagrangian mathematics of the Boltzmann view Developing Outcomes Based Assessment for Learner Centered with new factors, Philip T. Strain, 2009, University of Pennsylvania, Department of Mathematics, Philadelphia, PA, USA. By underlying this soil, you are to the experiments of Use and Privacy Policy. Why know I vary to be a CAPTCHA? predicting the CAPTCHA provides you are a accurate and is you central flight to the circulation time. What can I aid to mean this in the view Developing?Theocentric Psychology Program, as developed by Dr. Masters, founder of the IMM University System, focuses on awakening to the innate potentials for benefiting a person’s life by focusing on Universal Presence or God at the center or nucleus of consciousness within oneself. It is not a practice of, nor seeks to replace, behavioral, clinical psychology or psychiatry dealing with mental illness or acute dysfunction.
Theocentric Psychology seeks to greatly enhance or add to the lives of those who are relatively well adjusted but intuitively know that they have a greater potential within themselves to bring forth and live more fulfilling lives.
This could be in occupational or career pursuits, creativity and the arts, athletics, love within one’s life, as well as the God Presence Benefits of inner peace and happiness that is lasting. A Theocentric Psychology doctoral degree program best serves those whose focus is on the value of attaining enlighten-ment and/or the application of the KNOWINGNESS that enlightenment brings to all major areas of one’s life..
Who should take the Doctor of Theocentric Psychology course?
– Anyone willing to put forth the time, effort, and devotion required to attain enlightenment and benefit from the KNOWINGNESS it brings to all major areas of your life.
– Anyone whose main concentration is on the God/Universal Presence within, as the central source of improving a person’s life.
– Anyone who emphasizes mystical meditation as the primary way to connect the outer practical mind, with the innermost presence of Universal Consciousness, or God.
– Anyone who has an appreciation of one God-centered teachings, as presented in Theocentric Psychology by International Metaphysical Ministry founder Dr. Paul Leon Masters.Every blogger has a hook, that element that makes a reader click on your link. We all respond to different types, here’s a look at what works for me..
Post titles.
This is most important for me. A lot of my blog hopping is squeezed into tea breaks at work, so titles with numbered lists like ‘5 ways to..’ and ‘3 things that..’ or ‘A mini review of’ grab me as you’ve let me know I’ll have time to read them.
Discussion posts with titles like ‘How do you..’ or ‘Why I..’ tell me the blogger is open to engagement, these I prefer to read in my free time so I can comment or open a dialogue.
Giving me a hint within your post title of how long I’m going to spend on your blog makes it easier for me to say YES I’ll click on this one. We’re all super busy folks, blogging is unfortunately not my first commitment (Oh how I wish it was).
Images.
If the post title doesn’t give me enough insight or I’m undecided whether to read it an image can still pull me in. Flat lays can become somewhat generic (no matter how pretty) but if I recognise a book, film, place, fandom etc I’m all in.
It’s easier to identify my favoured bloggers when they use their own personal thumbnail design or memes/tags with a designated image, these can be enough to have me on board before I even clock the post title.
Memes
These give a strong sense of community. They’re easy to read, usually have a schedule and give a sense of togetherness to anyone joining in. I always search for the original creator* and give them a follow first, then I’ll spend a little time looking at different blogger contributions and consider whether I want to join in.
I’ve seen many people comment on their dislike of tags. Personally I love them. I find it’s a fun and quick way to find common ground with other bloggers or learn something new about them that they might not mention otherwise.
They can be repetitive though. There’s only so many times you need to tell us about your favourite author or what your worst habit is. When I find a tag with unique or interesting questions I’ll follow the links to many more contributors. (Always, always credit meme/tag creators as well as the blogs you first discovered them on or the bloggers who tagged you in)
And that’s my main four!
What makes you read a post?
7 thoughts on “4 Quick & Simple Ways To Make Me Read Your Blog”© Abacus Modelmakers 2021
Abacus Modelmakers was started in August 1992, and offers a wide range of styles and finish of model at a realistic cost, incorporating specialised components such as brass etchings, laser-cut components and 3D printed parts to achieve detail
and accuracy. Clients include architects, developers, designers, artists and private individuals.Who won Masterchef 2014? From 24 contestants it was down to just 2, Laura and Brent. The two contestants had to cook off in a pressure test to determine the winner of masterchef.
SPOILER: The winner of masterchef australia 2014 is below.
It was Brent Owens who won Masterchef 2014.
Pingback: Masterchef 2014 FinaleThe Song Collector
Even remote Ladakh in the Indian Himalaya hasn’t escaped modernity, represented by jets overhead, computers, tourists and cultural homogenization. Morup Namgyal has made it his life’s mission to preserve at least one essential part of Ladak’s traditional Buddhist culture: the folk songs.
As part of his effort, Namgyal was a founder of the Lamdon School which, years later, has become a flourishing institution of education and cultural preservation. The Song Collector is suffused with archival footage and the nostalgia of an indigenous culture experiencing the erosion of not just of its music, but of its style of dress, ceremonies, language and, even, Morup says, “our good way of thinking, our manner of conversion, our bonds with each other.”
Yet Namgyal has come to understand that while progress can’t be denied, culture can be sustained with conscious effort. Erik Koto’s first feature-length film bestows recognition on a Ladakhi icon who has instilled cultural self-awareness among his people, and the film itself is part of the inspiring movement.
Spacious apartment of 110 m² with 3 bedrooms + a dormitory (2 single bunk beds), 2 shower room. For 8 people; Ski room Storage and storage Large fully equipped open kitchen Dining area to accommodate up to 8 people Magnificent room of bright life, Chimney, TV, Beautiful balcony with stunning views of the peaks. Bedroom 1 and 2: 1 separable double bed. Bedroom 3: 1 double bed Bedroom 4: 2 single bunk beds 2 shower rooms 110m2 apartment (for 6 to 8 people) on 2 levels Level 2 : Large open living room, dining room and kitchen with large patio doors leading to a sunny balcony Bio-Ethanol fireplace. (Bio-Ethanol provided for rental by the owner) Bedroom 1: Large double bedroom with dressing room Bedroom 2: twin bedroom Bathroom with shower, washbasin Separate WC Level 1 : Bedroom 3: Bedroom with bunk beds, balcony access Bedroom 4: Double bedroom, balcony access Bathroom with shower, toilet and sink Private ski locker with boot warmers at the entrance of the apartmentHi lipsmega,
I think JacksiroKe's Advanced Blocker Plugin might be useful for that; it says:
Blocked user can not view profile, wall or account of the person that blocked him/her
Blocked user can not view profile, wall or account of the person that blocked him/her
so blocked users can't send private messages to the one who blocked him.
esqeudero's PM Plus also has a similar feature:
Adds blocking/unblocking users from sending PM
Adds blocking/unblocking users from sending PM
These plugins also include other features that might or might not be useful; in any way, you can contact them to check how they work. They might be available for customization as well.
Unfortunately, I can't vouch for them; does somebody know if they're good for
this purpose? Your opinion is really important and might help lipsmega (and
other users as well) make a good decision.
Here are other suggestions:
If you find a solution, please help other community members by sharing what it was.
I hope you find it useful. Have a nice!tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-11083453.post947445360884902292..comments2021-08-02T03:30:46.454-07:00Comments on SAME HAT!: MORE ON YOKOYAMARyan luck Leif!Talk to PictureBox too-- I rescind ...Good luck Leif!<BR/><BR/>Talk to PictureBox too-- I rescind the stuff I said about their customer service and encourage you to get in touch with them--- they have the direct connection to Yokoyama and might be able to help if you're willing to pony up the dough!<BR/><BR/>happy hunting :)<BR/>ryanRyan S for info RyanI am on a search for originals...thanks for info Ryan<BR/><BR/>I am on a search for originals <BR/><BR/>--we will see<BR/><BR/>All the best<BR/>Leif<BR/> you mean, publications in Japanese or original ...Do you mean, publications in Japanese or original artwork? If it's the latter, I have no clue but would be very jealous of you.<BR/><BR/>As for his Japanese publications, the 3 things that spring to mind are<BR/>1) Email PictureBox (although they are slow in the customer service and ordering department lately)<BR/>2) Visit a local Kinokuniya (if you are near NY, LA or SF)<BR/><BR/>Not sure of other options (beyond random boutiques or maybe Amazon.co.jp if you get some assistance)<BR/><BR/>good luck,<BR/>Ryan!Ryan S idea where I can get original work by Yokoyama...Any idea where I can get original work by Yokoyama?<BR/><BR/>any thoughts would be appreciated <BR/><BR/>thanks / best<BR/>LeifLeif Parsons.
Armacell has been manufacturing in the UK since the 1960s and is still the only elastomeric foam producer in Great Britain. Manufactured at our Oldham plant, AF/Armaflex Class O is the first elastomeric insulation to meet British Standards on product fire safety. The facility is also one of the principle locations for Tubolit domestic pipe insulation and ArmaSound RD production.
The Oldham plant is ISO 9001 and ISO 14001 certified and all thermal insulation products produced in the UK meet the CE marking regulations. To view the Declarations of Performance CE certificates for our products, please visit the downloads section.
Brochures
Offices
Armacell UK Ltd1 - 20 of 29 Works by Lacerta
Pages Navigation
Listing Works
Top of the World by Lacerta
Fandoms: Captain America (Movies), The Avengers (Marvel Movies)
05 Oct 2021
Summary
Bucky sets down the violin case carefully on the couch. When he takes out the instrument, he hesitates with the violin already resting against his collarbone.
It might be rude. Overstepping.
On the other hand… Bucky glances up at the ceiling. JARVIS can keep a secret. No one else would have to know.
-
They say music brings people together. They're not wrong; this impromptu performance might be the start of a beautiful friendship.
Series
- Part 2 of Prince Charming 'verse
Hidden in plain sight by kocuria-visuals (kocuria), Lacerta for Kimmy
Fandoms: Loki (TV 2021), The Incredible Hulk (TV), The Incredible Hulk Returns (1988)
08 Sep 2021
Summary
The agent stares at him with a strange expression, so Loki specifies, bewildered. “Are you blind? There’s only one Asgardian here with a companion so obviously falling for him.”
Something flickers through Mobius’ face, too fast for Loki to try and decipher its meaning, before the man coughs and agrees, “Only one, you’re right.”
Loki huffs at him. Mobius is being even more obtuse than usual.
-
When Loki and Mobius try to track the rogue variant, they’re not surprised to find a Thor on Midgard. Thor’s feelings for his mortal companion are a surprise, though – and Loki can sense their mutual pining from miles away. How could anyone possibly be so oblivious?
Series
- Part 1 of Marvel Polska does vintage
for you I’ll pretend (to fake it) by AvengersNewB, Lacerta
Fandoms: The Avengers (Marvel Movies), Marvel Cinematic Universe
24 Aug 2021
Summary
Steve doesn't think twice when he agrees to help Tony out, even if it kills him inside to attend a gala as Tony's fake date. Tony doesn't know if he can keep up the pretense on this evening out as friends but it's as close as he can get to an actual date, so he takes it.
Things don't go as planned though, with all the pining, the pent-up feelings, and bumping into Tony's horrible, obnoxious ex, Ty Stone.
Zakochani w Kawiarni Przez Cały Dzień by betheflame, Lacerta
Fandoms: Marvel Cinematic Universe
21 Apr 2021
Summary
Steve prowadzi piekarnię, Tony jest samotnym ojcem. Obaj wzdychają do siebie z oddali i obaj powinni ruszyć swoje cztery litery i coś z tym wreszcie zrobić.
tłumaczenie Falling in Love at the All Day Cafe autorstwa betheflame
i can tell when you're lying by kocuria, Lacerta
Fandoms: The Falcon and the Winter Soldier (TV), Marvel Cinematic Universe
24 Mar 2021
Summary
“You’re a civilian now. With your history, the government needs to know that you’re not gonna…” Raynor drifts off, making a ridiculous gesture that’s presumably meant to imitate his metal arm swinging.
Bucky thinks of the bodies left in his wake yesterday - unconscious, not dead, he doesn’t do that anymore. Of the damaged plate in his wrist he spent all evening fixing. Of a flash drive full of intel he left at a dead drop near the Brooklyn Bridge.
Yeah, the government needs something, alright.
Papierowe korony i dochowane tajemnice by Askafroa, betheflame, Lacerta
Fandoms: Marvel Cinematic Universe
11 Mar 2021
Summary
Steve Rogers nie miał ulubieńców. Był opiekunem w przedszkolu w Allensville od czasu, kiedy skończył studia, i faworyzowanie podopiecznych stało w całkowitej sprzeczności z jego poglądami odnośnie do wychowywania najmłodszych.
Ale ‒ na miłość boską ‒ przez Petera Starka miał olbrzymie problemy z trzymaniem się swoich przekonań.
tłumaczenie Paper Crowns and Secret Keepers autorstwa betheflame
Questionable intent by Lacerta for Flowerparrish
Fandoms: The Avengers (Marvel Movies)
18 Feb 2021
Summary
“Hey, Barnes. Enjoying the Tower so far?” Clint greets. He braces for the charm and the blinding smile in one, two...
It never comes.
Barnes' expression is luke-warm at best; calculating would probably be a better word. The man shrugs. “Sure,” he says and turns away.
When Bucky Barnes comes to the Tower, Clint expects a sniper buddy and bonding time at the range. What he gets is an asshole who seems determined to antagonize Clint while charming the pants off the rest of the team. And that's just the beginning.
A bookstore away by Lacerta for Askafroa
Fandoms: The Avengers (Marvel) - All Media Types
15 Feb 2021
Summary
There's a bookstore on Steve's way home from work. It draws him in like magic.
Better way by Lacerta for only_more_love
Fandoms: The Avengers (Marvel Movies)
14 Feb 2021
Summary
He used to dream about having his own room when he was a kid, but this? It’s too much space for a single person. Neither Steve nor Asta know what to do with it so they hang around the communal areas whenever possible.
“This modern privacy feels too much like loneliness,” Asta remarks as they lie on their too-wide, too-soft bed.
Steve is used to sharing a bed with his mother and later Bucky to get through the cold winter but hasn't had anyone to share with in a long time. His daemon decides to fix this.
Gambit kochanka by Lacerta for aeshnamixta
Fandoms: The Avengers (Marvel) - All Media Types
08 Jan 2021
Summary
‒ Jakie jest twoje ulubione posunięcie szachowe? ‒ pyta nagle Costello, zupełnie nie zwracając uwagi na tykający zegar ani na rosnący na tyłach widowni gwar.
‒ Co?
Czy Costello próbuje go rozproszyć nieistotnymi pytaniami? Prowadzenie rozmów w czasie gry nie jest zabronione, ale rzadko się je spotyka. Podobne próby wytrącenia przeciwnika z jego skupienia są uważane za niesportowe. Costello pokazał już jednak, jak mało obchodzą go społeczne normy.
‒ Wymyśliłem własną strategię szachową, wiesz? ‒ mówi Costello, przynajmniej pozornie nie zdając sobie sprawy z niepokoju Bucky'ego. ‒ Chcę ją nazwać gambitem kochanka, sądzisz, że się przyjmie?
Lover's Gambit by Lacerta
Fandoms: The Avengers (Marvel) - All Media Types
01 Jan 2021
Summary
“What’s your favourite chess move?” the man asks suddenly, not at all minding that his clock is ticking, or that the voices in the back grow louder.
“What?”
Is Costello trying to distract him from the game with small talk? Conversations aren’t forbidden by the rules, but they’re not common; they’re considered ungentlemanly when used to detract the opponent. On the other hand, Costello doesn’t seem to pay too much attention to the social norms; this much is clear.
Oblivious to Bucky’s internal alarm, Costello carries on. “I came up with a chess move of my own, you know? I think I’ll call it a lover’s gambit. Do you think it will catch on?”
Not about the Christmas tree by Lacerta for kickcows
Fandoms: Marvel Cinematic Universe
24 Dec 2020
Summary
"Tomorrow, Tony," Steve clasps Tony's shoulder and smiles, and Tony melts a little bit and finds himself nodding before the words can fully register. "Meet me at ten, we're going to find us a perfect Christmas tree."
To nie była cicha noc by betheflame, Lacerta
Fandoms: Marvel Cinematic Universe
20 Dec 2020
Summary
‒ Ta kolęda jest bez sensu – zauważyła Pepper.
‒ „Cicha noc”? – upewnił się Steve.
‒ Nie ma opcji, w żadnym ze światów naszego multiwersum, żeby kobieta rodząca bez znieczulenia na stogu siana była cicho. Ni cholery – wyjaśniła, dokładając kostki Scrabble na planszę. – Ksenofob. Siedemdziesiąt dwa punkty.
‒ Nigdy się nad tym nie zastanawiałem – przyznał Steve. – A tak poza tym, to cię nienawidzę.
Pepper zachichotała i uśmiechnęła się do niego szeroko.
‒ To rzeczywiście nie jest coś, nad czym zastanawialiby się nieposiadający macicy. Ale mówię ci, poród Morgan można opisać wieloma różnymi słowami, a jednak „cichy” na pewno nie znalazłby się na liście.
_________
Czyli Pepper i MJ rozmawiają o naturze miłości podczas dorocznego zlotu rodziny Avengersów.
tłumaczenie It Was Not a Silent Night autorstwa betheflame
Nowhere to go but with you by Lacerta for sian1359
Fandoms: The Avengers (Marvel Movies)
19 Dec 2020
Summary
Clint fights the urge to cross his arms, keeping them hanging loosely by his sides instead, and forces himself to relax his shoulders. It’s just a small precaution in case he needs to react fast but, god, he hopes it doesn’t come to that. He doubts any precaution that doesn’t include a loaded weapon would help him last more than a minute.
He watches the man sitting across the kitchen table from him, curled in on himself under Clint’s warmest blanket with his hands wrapped around a steaming cup of coffee, and tries to wrap his head around the very unusual, very alarming situation he has gotten himself into.
Baby, It's Cold Outside by betheflame, kocuria-visuals (kocuria), Lacerta
Fandoms: Marvel Cinematic Universe
13 Dec 2020
Summary
Śnieżyca krzyżuje plany Steve’a i Bucky’ego w drodze na przyjęcie urodzinowe Petera. I jest tylko jedno łóżko.
JEST TYLKO JEDNO ŁÓŻKO.
tłumaczenie Baby, It’s Cold Outside autorstwa betheflame
Did it hurt when you fell? by Lacerta
Fandoms: The Avengers (Marvel) - All Media Types
09 Nov 2020
Summary
Clint Barton is one of the most skilled Chasers Hogwarts has ever seen. He's also one of the most accident-prone students in the school. But he never, ever misses.
Bucky Barnes plays for a rival team, but that doesn't stop him being intrigued by the daring Hufflepuff. Who is that guy, and how is he still alive?
fall: interlude by Lacerta for kocuria
Fandoms: The Avengers (Marvel Movies), Captain America - All Media Types
24 Oct 2020
Summary
The trees ready themselves for winter; their leaves are in all possible colours: greens, reds, oranges and browns. The wide variety of species makes the view even more stunning. Each of them turns to slightly different shades, each going through the transformation at their own pace. Their perfect blend is truly photo-inspiring.
That reminds Peter that he came here with one more goal in mind. He wouldn’t want to disappoint Captain America. He fishes the camera out of his backpack; he won’t be missing a perfect shot because he isn’t prepared.
(This story is inspired by – and so far compliant with – kocuria's Winter drabbles series.)
Thanks, I'm good (better with you) by Lacerta
Fandoms: The Avengers (Marvel) - All Media Types
17 Oct 2020
Summary
This time the stranger is fully in Clint's view when he appears.
"Do you want my help?"
"Right," Clint mumbles bitterly, "and if I agreed, what would you ask in return?"
"Your soul," the man replies with an impressive deadpan, and Clint huffs an honest laugh.
"Yeah, man, I don't think my soul is worth that much," he says with a self-depreciating chuckle. "Guess I'll have to manage on my own."
Man of death and fire by Lacerta for ArcadeGhostAdventurer
Fandoms: The Avengers (Marvel Movies)
15 Jul 2020
Summary
Steve spends a lot of time watching Tony.
At first, Steve judged the man as little more than a self-absorbed narcissist. He should've known better than to underestimate a Stark; he soon sees the man's brilliance, the ingenuity of his inventions. He holds his breath, witnessing Tony's sacrifice in New York's battle. He fights by his side, their moves seamlessly in sync without any prior discussion.
If that wouldn't be enough to change Steve's mind, he experiences the man's generosity when Tony invites them to live in the Tower. He sees a caring man with a workaholic streak, a hero, a genius truly ahead of his time. As he studies the man, Steve begins to notice who Tony Stark really is.
But that is not all he notices.
Where do you run by Lacerta
Fandoms: The Avengers (Marvel) - All Media Types
14 Jul 2020
Summary
Bucky feels queasy spying, but he wants to know and, despite the unease, takes a silent step to his right to get a better view of Clint's hands. He's not an expert, he might be getting some words wrong but his best guess...
'—I have you I don't know what to do without you'
He can't see what Natasha signs back. Compared to Clint’s wide gestures of a man clearly used to this kind of communication, Nat's signing seems to be sharp and precise, though quick. Hawkeye hums when he replies to whatever she said:
'I know I know but with the nightmares I don't have anyone else to turn to'
Bucky doesn't need to eavesdrop anymore. He knows now that Clint doesn't trust him. Silently as always, he turns on the heel and leaves, unnoticed.IND, Chennai, Adhesive Technologies
Associate Account Manager - sales plans (short, mid, long term) in line with SBU strategy to maintain and develop existing or acquired new customers.
- Executes customer roadmap and manages / closes respective CRM tool (ACE) growth opportunities.
- Executes pricing actions.
- Builds and maintains relationships with customers and distributors.
- Provides input to Manager on customer needs, business trends, competitive situations in territory.
- Coordinates with Technical Customer Service to conduct line trials or resolve customer requests and complaints.
YOUR SKILLS
- Candidate with minimum 3 years of experience with Bachelors degree in Engineering Chemical or Mechanical are preferred catering to Railway customers.
- Good understanding of manufacturing environment in rail industry.
- Ability to build relationship with engineers and purchasers in customer organization.
- Distributor management.
- Price and profit management
- Ability to work independently and remotely
- Looking for candidate handling from Adhesive sales background.
Everyone Likes You… They Really Like You!
Well, they will…
(One of the 83 quick and practical life & work lessons from Sh*t Sandwich: Quick & Practical Success Lessons for Practically Anyone.)
Everyone Likes You… They Really Like You!
Six simple things done every day, and done with a genuine desire to find the good in others, will ensure that everyone you meet (who is worth liking) will indeed like you:
- Take a shower. No one likes smelly people. Whether you stink because you don’t like to shower or because you wear too much perfume; the wrong odor is a turnoff, while no odor turns off no one.
- Wear clean, unwrinkled clothing most of society would say is normal. Just like with odor, wearing too much of something is likely to scare someone. Dress normal, m’kay? In clean, unwrinkled clothes. Is this too much to ask?
- Smile. All the time. Like a maniac, if necessary.
- Ask real questions that you truly want to know the answers to. Everyone has something they are just dying to share with you. Get it out of them by asking real, open-ended questions. (Hint: Did you have a nice weekend? Is not real or open-ended.)
- Now, listen to their answers with interest. Never listen to respond, just listen to what they’re saying with interest. Do this and when you do respond, you’ll sound like a caring, intelligent human instead of a self-centered prick.
- Be you. After all, we’re trying to get everyone to like YOU. Of course, if being you means being stinky and wearing torn shirts with your nipple rings showing, or frowning all day, or talking instead of listening, then don’t be you. Be me, instead.
…
Sh*t Sandwich is available in paperback at Amazon.com and is free on Kindle Unlimited.
Call : 918045478826
To cater to the diverse industry needs, we are supplying the array of PP Polymer Rod. All our rods are developed using the finest grade materials and further tested on varied quality parameters to ensure their flawlessness. Most competitive in cost, our range of rods is extensively used in many industrial applications to offer smooth functions. The PP Polymer Rod is delivered in customized shapes and sizes along with prompt timings.
Features:BMW STAINLESS STEEL REAR DRIVE BEVEL FILLER PLUG R900RT R1200RT R1200ST, suitable for many BMW Models fitted with this M12 X 1,5 Threaded Plug,Stainless Steel Rear Drive / Bevel Box Filler Plug, Enhance the look of your bike with this expertly engineered plug,Quality assurance,Price Comparison Made Simple,Cost less all the way,Promote Sale price,Discover The Largest Selection Of Luxury. PLUG R900RT R1200RT R1200ST BMW STAINLESS STEEL REAR DRIVE BEVEL FILLER, BEVEL FILLER PLUG R900RT R1200RT R1200ST BMW STAINLESS STEEL REAR DRIVE.
Intended Use: : Modification/ Enhancement: Reference OE/OEM Number: : 07119904550. suitable for many BMW Models fitted with this M12 X 1, Stainless Steel Rear Drive / Bevel Box Filler Plug. R: EAN: : Does not apply, Condition:: New: To Fit Make: : BMW, 5 Threaded Plug, 5, Model/ Series: : K, Brand: : Shawstainless: Manufacturer Part Number: : Diff Plug M12X1, Enhance the look of your bike with this expertly engineered plug, BMW STAINLESS STEEL REAR DRIVE / BEVEL FILLER PLUG R900RT R1200RT R1200ST.
Glamorousky Product ID: 1000024529. Due to the different colors of the computer display. Buy NDS Wear TooLoud Because They Fought - Veterans Mens Boxer Brief Underwear and other Boxer Briefs at. New York Optical International was a long-standing Florida-based frame distributor with a specialist market within the United States, Use 's suicide brody knob adapter to convert any shift knob into a brody steering wheel knob and steer with ease. Ultra-Premium Rubberized Shim Technology reduces noise, Born on the water and we're still inspired by it. OFFICIALLY COLLEGIATE LICENSED: At ProSphere, Buy Drawstring Sports Backpack France Flag Men & Women Gym Sport Yoga Shoulder Bags and other Drawstring Bags at. Please note that the photos show our items exactly as they appear. Durable And Solid Open Ring Is Very Suitable For Sensitive Skin, US Large=China 2X-Large:Length:26. Date first listed on : October 25, Superior ballistic impact protection per US-MIL-PRF-31013 standard, Buy Etnies Men's Corporate Stitch Zip: Shop top fashion brands Fashion Hoodies & Sweatshirts at ✓ FREE DELIVERY and Returns possible on eligible purchases. For Study of Male Reproductive Organs. You can plug on any wall socket and it makes your home more intelligent and tasteful. We have a TOTAL SATISFACTION guarantee, BEVEL FILLER PLUG R900RT R1200RT R1200ST BMW STAINLESS STEEL REAR DRIVE. UNIQUE DESIGNS AND GRAPHICS: We put a lot of thought and time in our design process. widely recognized as the industry standard in stretch fit headwear. Good Quality with Reasonable Price, we will be very glad to answer you:). but the ring's height remains the same, They have decorative spacers gold colored and black, This bracelet is 7" long and has a fold-over clasp with safety chain, so please allow 1-2cm deviation, If you need them set up differently. This can be handy for smaller work. * Due to differences in monitor settings, # You will receive exactly all files shown the picture. Tesa Babe offers original boutique clothing and accessories for newborn coming home baby through toddler baby girls and baby boys. Hobe was a mid century designer, The clasp can close on the last link or on one of the closer links to. Brand: Somers Size: Large Materials: 80% Cotton, Coffee magnet kitchen magnet truth magnet. The Panel is stocked with real Mosaic Tiles, BEVEL FILLER PLUG R900RT R1200RT R1200ST BMW STAINLESS STEEL REAR DRIVE, including the backside of the hinged top. This faux berry boutonniere has a rustic, The ring will be glossy polished & the claws will be cut & tightly set ***. and all of our materials are locally sourced, Buy Flying Cross H48650 Women's EMS Uniform Pants, neon full shop stylish striped affordable canada discount fishnet fashion tube hood costumes short sweater hoodie push cardigan transparent uk down outfits caftan jumper cool great attire style nice what is a how plus size swimwear womens swimsuits dresses clothing one piece swimsuit bathing suits women, : Winter Outdoor Tour Baby Universal Stroller Sleeping Bag. When selecting the right length for your vehicle, Change the look of your Jeep with genuine black exterior accessories. Another benefit of polyurethane is it will not rot or crack. Fits Any Standard 8x10 Photo Frame. Always buy directly from Humphreys Garden. Tigerbox Ready to Burn 55 Litre Box Hardwood Kiln Dried Logs with Safety Matches: DIY & Tools, The baud rate is fully supported, Replacing the old or broken parts to restore your vehicle with a brand new look, STYLISH: Mesh collection desk organiser has a simple and elegant industrial look that it can beautify your desk and keep it clean and tidy, Going to attend any traditional wedding, Material: Aluminum Alloy /u0026 ABS Hard Plastic, BEVEL FILLER PLUG R900RT R1200RT R1200ST BMW STAINLESS STEEL REAR DRIVE. Boraam 40324 Cathedral Swivel Stool. It is also suitable for sports fitness.
Details about BMW E53 X5 series REAR LEFT RIGHT DOOR PANEL ASHTRAY BLACK, Suspension Ball Joint Front Lower Motorcraft MCSOE-41 for sale online. For Chevy Cruze Limited 16 Strut Assembly Ultra ReadyMount Front Driver Side. Fit INFINITI M35 3.5L 2009-2010 Catalytic Converter Left Side. Wiseco Piston Kit Honda TRX250EX TRX250 TRX 250EX 250 EX 69.50mm 01-08. Polaris New OEM Pro-Ride Ultimate Front Bumper White Indy Voyageur RMK, 4X SPARK PLUGS For Toyota Infiniti LEXUS HONDA DAIHATSU BKR5E-11 6953 V-POWER, H11 9005 Combo LED Headlights Hi/Lo Bulb fit 2012-2018 Dodge Ram 1500 2500 3500. Dancing Hawaiian Grass Skirt Dashboard Hula Girl Bobble Doll Car Dash Hawaii GMC. Front Rear Sintered Brake Pads 2000-2001 Honda CBR929RR Set Full Kit se, Toyota Scion Vacuum Pump Assembly OEM Toyota SU003-04929. Details about Dash Trim Kit for DODGE CARAVAN 96 97 98 99 00 carbon fiber wood aluminum, 4x Motorcycle LED Turn Signal Light For Yamaha V-Star XVS 1300 950 Tourer Deluxe. 04 05 06 07 EXPLORER Wheel 17x7-1/2 Alloy 5 Spoke Chrome Clad 3L241007KC 3529. Mirror Installation Inserts Nutsert 1 Mirror Fit 70-74 E-Body 71-73 B Body Mopar. New Crankshaft Position Sensor For Jeep Cherokee 1993-1996 56026921 2-4-Door, Details about Chip Tuning Box Fiat Grande Punto 1.6 JTD MULTIJET 120 HP CR UNICATE, Lock Nut 3852648-9 Volvo Penta Details about 3852648. Audi A4 S4 A5 S5 Q5 Airbag Air bag Front Impact SRS Crash Sensor 8K0959651 OEM. Ford 8.8 10 BOLT 3.55 DIFFERNTIAL RING AND PINION SET Genuine AAM F8.8-355.- This topic has 667 replies, 1 voice, and was last updated 9 years, 4 months ago by
burkefish.
- AuthorPosts
13 fish at macintoshs to 3.30pm, 4 rocks, 2 boats and 7 point. heard they got some at the mouth and the banana hole. feel sorry for one angler takes his wife fishing, she has caught 4 fish him none. uses every thing she does still no result and he carries the fish out.
aretheyrunningyetParticipant
burkefish
kaituna ianParticipant
burkefish
Nice to meet a few of you today, I think a sorry is in order, but in my defence its nice to be involved in the action for once.
thanks for the memories, and your secrets safe with me.
never apologise for catching a limit of salmon doesn’t happen that often. great to meet you glad you had a good day and trip.
aretheyrunningyetParticipant
Well done Jezza ! A limit bag is still on my bucket list and I sure as hell won’t be apologizing to anyone if it happens.
First trip there and a bag limit !!! well done Jezza no doubt you will make it a regular visit. BTW not many caught at mouth Wednesday morning and alot more fishers. Tight lines everyone
9 taken at the mouth this morning, 3 sth side amongst 6 anglers and the rest nth side!
11 at macintoshes to 3.30pm. 1 rocks, 5 boats and 5 point. river had colour in it almost marginal at low tide. i believe they are diverting the river at the pylons, must be doing some work on them. river alot clearer on in coming tide.
Nice fish guys … Hows that water colour down the mouth kev ? well done on your fish m8 ..
- AuthorPosts
- You must be logged in to reply to this topic.About me
My name's Lesli Keeler but everybody calls me Lesli. I'm from Australia.
I'm studying at the college (1st year) and I play the Piano for 8 years.
Usually I choose music from the famous films :
).
I have two sister. I love Cheerleading, watching TV (How I Met Your Mother) and
Rock climbing.Did you know that the city of Versailles was virtually the unofficial capital of France in the past? It is in his royal city that the seat of government was located although the official capital is Paris and the official palace was the Louvre. Versailles is extremely rich in history. It is located about 10 miles west of Paris and can easily be reached via RER trains.
Versailles is best known for the Chateau de Versailles (the Versailles Palace). I spent a good part of a day at Versailles. I have heard a lot of this place and its grandeur but had never knew much about it. When I reached the entrance, I was practically awe-stricken. I knew it was grand but I have never imagined how huge it was until I saw it with my eyes.
I signed up for a guided tour and knew it was well worth every Euro. It indeed was. The guide assigned to us was not just any guide but a curator of the Versailles Palace. Man, she sure knew her stuff and amazed us with the answers that we threw at her. Because there were so many people around, we were given listening devices so that we can hear everything she was saying even though we are not within earshot. People who signs up for the tours gets to a different route and different places that is not opened to the general public.
For three generations, from Louis XIV to Louis XVI had ruled France from this grand palace. As in the Louvre the opulence from that era shows. There were precious paintings still remaining in the Versailles but most of them had been sold by the government after the French Revolution. The Versailles is trying to restore this palace to it original but it will take a lot of money and a long time, if at all possible.
The Versailles Palace is currently undergoing extensive renovations and refurbishments. The balcony in the centre is where an angry mob forced Louis XVI (and Marie Antionette) to faced them. They were taken forcibly from the Versailles to Paris where within the next few years, they were guillotined in Paris for treason. I was in that room that looks out the small courtyard. The guide explained it so vividly I can almost imagine the morning the crowd broke through the gates to confront the King.
King Louis XV ordered an opera to be built in the palace. While it is not huge but this being a private theatre, it is extravagant and sports some of the finest decorations of its time. This theatre was not used often because it was expensive to run it. It requires about 3000 candles alone to light up the place and the type of candles used costs a week’s wages … EACH! I can imagine how difficult it must have been just to light 3000 candles.
The king also built his own private chapel.
The Hall of Mirrors is most well known as the place where the lopsided Versailles Treaty was forced upon Germany after World War I. At the time the Hall of Mirrors were built, mirrors were very expensive and luxurious. The king had an entire hall of mirrors built … imagine that …
The refurbishments are going along well and does make a big difference. The side on the left were completed. Compare that to the untouched facade on the right …
If I think the building were large, I was somewhat awed by the size of the gardens.
A walk from the Palace to the end of the canal and back takes 1 hour! Going outwards is easy as it slopes down. The kicker is when I tried to walk back.
It was darn tiring already walking all over the palace but it’s a waste not walking thru the gardens. Frankly, not many people bothered to walk beyond the first stage of the gardens. I can understand why not.
I just can’t begin to describe how huge Versailles is … check this map here.
I really enjoyed this entire trip and came away so amazed how rich and influential France was. If not for the rise of England’s naval power, perhaps today this blog is in French.
So much had been said how expensive and luxurious the Versailles Palace is. It was estimated once that it takes one quarter of the entire income of France to maintain this palace. This is a must visit place if you are in Paris. I spent about 6-7 hours in all, including travelling time.
This Post Has 0 Comments
it’s so cool to read about your impression of versailles, as i just finished watched the movie “marie antoinette”, which showed the opulence and decadence in action.
Hi Ellecamino: How was the movie? I saw a book at the local book store which is based on the movie. Is this a new movie or has it been showing for sometime already?
Ben
Nice report. Unfortunately, you missed many things, which is unavoidable if you only spent a few hours. Next time, visit the Trianon Palaces, their gardens and the “Hameau de la Reine” which is a nice farm built for the Queen! This is part of Versailles Palace too.Submit Your Story
Writing and sharing a personal story can be a profound experience for the storyteller as well as for those reading. Stories about our personal experiences can awaken our awareness, stretch our hearts, and help us heal.
Share Your Story aims to do all of these things—and by connecting emotionally with these stories, we may also become more in touch with the human experience. By summoning the strength to be open about ourselves and our struggles, we provide comfort to others facing similar challenges while simultaneously reducing our own sense of isolation.
While we are not currently accepting new submissions, we hope the following nonfictional stories, whether trying, triumphant, insightful, or inspiring, help you feel encouraged and connected. If you often feel isolated, discouraged, or hopeless, reach out to a licensed and compassionate therapist.Gang Leader for a Day to live in there. The sacrifices it takes to move forward and how poverty affects the way of living. But he did not know what was going to happen ahead of him. He did not know that he would become the best friend of the gang leader of the Black Kings J.T. I read this book because I wanted to see how this text ties to what I have learned in my sociology class and from what I have read in my sociology book, and to be honest I am surprised that there is a lot of similarities found in this book. Some of the theories I learned are presented in this book in examples of Sudhir’s experiences in his journey with J.T. and within the black neighborhoods. For example at the beginning Sudhir took on professors William Julius Wilson’s project to find out what the difference was between growing up in a neighborhood that was surrounded by other poor areas and growing up poor .
In the sociology book its says that the best way to collect and gather data during research is to form a questioner filled with questions that are relevant to the research that its being conducted. So he want and constructed a questioner by forming new questions and incorporating questions from previous questioners conducted in past research projects and formulated his survey based on that. So Sudhir took his questioner to the streets of Chicago. He went to some abandoned building in one of Chicago’s notorious housing projects to see if people were willing to take his survey. As soon as he walked in people immediately knew he was not from around here so a couple of Black Kings took him because he looked like a Mexican guy to their boss who was J.T. After that J.T. walked in and saw his guy with Sudhir he said to keep him for a night and let him go.
The next day Sudhir came back again and talked to J.T. and told him what he was doing. J.T. later told him that people would never answer those dumb questions instead he told Sudhir that he should hang out with him and spend time with these people and by interacting with them he would get the answers he was looking for. Secondly In the sociology books the Davis-Moore thesis states an explanation of social stratification, based on the idea of functional necessity. Davis and Moore argue that the most difficult jobs in any society are the most necessary and require the highest rewards and compensation because it is a lot harder to replace people holding these kind of jobs as for someone washing cars or answering the telephone they are a lot easy to replace. Therefore Davis and Moore explain that the greater importance of the job the greater rewards come with.
This promotes productivity and efficiency because rewarding important work with income, prestige, power this encourages people to do these things and to work better, longer and harder. In “Gang Leader for a Day” we J.T. who told Sudhir he had a college education but due to the situation that J.T. is black society didn’t not rewarded him with a good paying job for his hard work making him turn back into crime. Also J.T. mentioned that within the gang there is a hierarchy standing of superiors broken down into rankings in which J.T. belonged to. J.T. said that the higher responsibility jobs you worked one you had a pretty good chance on moving up in the ranking of the Black Kings encouraging a lot of the members to take high responsibility tasks to become better and better the organization it’s self. The higher ranking or job you had the higher your income.
For example setting turf disputes among other rival gangs, collecting taxes from people with small businesses and collecting drug money. This would increase the respect you have among your crew and the organization in other words your prestige and power increases therefore making it your reward for your hard work for the gang. Third which I think is huge in the book and in “Gang Leader for a Day” is Deviance which is a violation to cultural norms, a category of deviance is Crime which is a violation of a society’s formally enacted criminal law. Richard Cloward and Lloyd Ohlin said that crime results not simply from limited legitimate opportunity (legal) but also from readily accessible illegitimate opportunity (illegal). Deviance or conformity depends on the relative opportunity structure that frames people’s life. J.T. explained to Sudhir that a lot of the folks who lived in Robert Taylor didn’t even have proper schooling a lot of the children’s parents didn’t know how to read and weren’t given a good education to reach some sort of legal opportunity to better their lives.
Instead they turned to illegal opportunity for example selling drugs because they weren’t comfortable with themselves. In other words when people are unable to find any opportunity legal or illegal, deviance may take one of two forms one of them is Conflict Subcultures like armed street gangs that engage in violence that is fed with frustration and a desire for respect. Second there are retreatist subcultures, in which deviants drop out and abuse alcohol or other drugs. This reflects on what happens inside J.T’s building he has his foot soldiers who are frustrated people that involve on criminal activity or violence to gain respect within the Black Kings and for them. Also the squatters which are the people who are homeless that stay in the buildings stairs and are consistent drug abusers. Also the book argues that the most deviant behavior happens regularly to minorities for example African-Americans, Hispanics, and Asians.
J.T. mentioned that most of the teenagers engage in in gang activity not because they don’t want to but because they have no choice there is nothing out there for them because they are a minority or simply “Black”. Finally I really like the the Book “Gang Leader for a Day” because it shows a different perspective on how people live in the poor neighborhoods. Not just because the Black Kings control Robert Taylor that doesn’t mean that everyone who lives there is affiliated with gang activity. On the contrary people like Ms. Bailey, Ms. Mae who take care of people with in the building who are in need of a temporary home or just something to eat. They also organize events so that the whole community can gather together and form a family within the Robert Taylor buildings. Most of the book shows examples to theories in the Sociology book and it ties it back together in a form of anecdotes of Sudhir’s experiences in the streets of Chicago. This book is just to interesting.Food and gastronomy begins with the landscape. Out of Denmark’s fertile soil and rough weather, Danes have developed a taste for simplicity, tempered by inspiration from the more refined cuisines of milder climates. Long winters and a taste for seafaring made way for various methods of preservation - salting, smoking or pickling - as well as a preference for the coarse black bread made of rye. Today, the open rye bread sandwich with fresh butter and pickled herring remains a cornerstone of the Danish lunch tradition.
Until recently, many local ingredients from the Nordic tradition of cooking were dismissed as being unworthy of the attention of leading chefs. This all changed, however, when a new generation of ambitious chefs reinvented the concept of Nordic terroir and embarked on a journey of rediscovery of herbs, berries, root vegetables etc. These products have come to symbolise the commitment to quality, purity and ethics which is the basis for the New Nordic Cuisine movement.
The insistence of the new breed of Danish gastronomes on using only the very best local raw materials has boosted high-end production in all categories: dairy, meat, fish, fruits and vegetables. Thus, complementing the mainstream products, New Nordic Cuisine has catalysed a renewed interest in local specialties such as lamb from the marshes or cod roe from the Baltic Sea.
The secret behind the successful transformation of a gastronomic trend into mainstream product development for global consumers may lie in the unique structure of Danish agriculture and food production. In major sectors, such as meat and dairy, more than 90 percent of the total production is from farmer-owned co-operatives. This traditional integration of the value chain from stable to table ensures consistent supply and quality, allowing food companies to devote full attention to meeting global consumer demands."Several dams on branches of the Yellow River in Gansu province are near collapse only one or two years after their construction," the paper said. Citing an investigation by the state-run China Youth Daily newspaper, the report pointed to one dam built in 2006 in Huan county on the Yellow River that has developed a dangerous breach in the middle. Locals were quoted as saying that at least five newly built dams in the area were in very poor condition….
A bridge across the Yellow River in Lanzhou, capital of Gansu province. Photo by Colegota, Wikimedia Commons, under the Creative Commons "Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 Spain" LicenseI’m the moderator of a fantastic group on Goodreads called GREAT MIDDLE GRADE READS. This group has a forum that provides a tool for real kids to read and publish their very own reviews of middle grade books. Who better to review middle grade books than the kids themselves.
Keep checking back here from time-to-time for more REVIEWS BY KIDS of great middle grade reads.
Kid’s Review by Angel (age 9 years, 10 months)
STAINED GLASS SUMMER – by Mindy Hardwick
Goodreads Blurb.
Angel’s Review
**BEEP BEEP – SPOILER ALERT**
This book is about a girl named Jasmine who is 12 years old. Jasmine wants to be just like her dad, who is an artist. Jasmine loves art and far her 12th birthday, her dad gives her an art ring. Jasmine’s dad tells her that it is a powerful ring.
When Jasmine was at school, her dad leaves to go to Africa, so her mother rearranges the house. Jasmine’s uncle who lives on an island comes to visit and Jasmine tells him she wants to visit him for the summer. Her mother gives her permission, so Jasmine sets off for an adventurous summer. She meets a nice girl named Opal who owns her owns store. Opal introduces her to her son, Cole. Jasmine develops a crush on Cole. Then Jasmine meets Sammy who is a 5-year old girl that is a bossy brat, but Jasmine still likes her. Jasmine has not heard from her father even though he has returned home to Chicago. During the summer, Jasmine learns to be an artist without any help from her father.
My favorite part was when Sammy was building a castle with rocks and the waves were getting too high. Since the waves were getting too high, Sammy and Jasmine had to move the castle somewhere else. The girls started putting rocks in the their pockets and then Cole joins them and Sammy adds rocks to his pockets. Cole pretends that the rocks were making him fall down so he dropped to his knees. It was funny because I can imagine Sammy doing that to Cole. I think that anyone that likes funny, sad and romantic children’s books then this would be a good fit for them.
I think that this book is best for 4th-9th graders and I give it 5 out of 5 stars.
Newsflash: For more of Angel’s reviews pop over to
.
Thanks Angel, your review was published as part of the
GREAT MIDDLE GRADE READS group’s new REVIEWS BY KIDS initiative.
You’re review will help other readers around the world!!
The rating scale is ‘Bookworms’.
1 = I didn’t like this book
2 = This is an ok book.
3 = This is a good book. I liked it.
4 = This is a great book. I really enjoyed it.
5 = This is an awesome book. I loved it and so will the world.
……………………………………………..
5 thoughts on “Kid’s Review by Angel – Stained Glass Summer (Mindy Hardwick)”
Atta, girl, Mindy! It’s nice to see a homegirl from Musa get such a great review from their target audience! Cheers, Angel!
Great review! I love this idea of the kids reviewing the books themselves. Great use for Goodreads! I’ll definitely be putting this on Max’s To Do list in, oh, about 6 years 😉
LOL.
Hopefully I will still be posting these in 6 Years!!
First of all…I applaud (very loudly) your efforts in putting together this forum for kids to review the books they read. I LOVE it!!!
Angel, you did a FANTASTIC job reviewing the book! I think my 9 year old daughter would really enjoy this book so thank you so much for recommend it. Always looking for some great new reads.
Lastly, thank you so much for linking in to the Kid Lit Blog Hop and for promoting it in this post. It is much, much, much appreciated. We hope to see you every time! 🙂
Thanks Renee 🙂 you’re welcome.Twitter remixes popular Young Adult books in #YAwithsoul
May 11, 2016 at 6:40 am
Black Twitter is the GOAT for this one. #YAwithsoul added some necessary blackness to the narrative of popular Young Adult books such as Harry Potter, The Hunger Games and The Twilight Saga. Because, since when have we really been able to relate to these characters?
Photo: Twitter
They came out the door with guns blazing.
Photo: Twitter
The clap-backs and shade throwing would be legendary.
Photo: Twitter
Photo: Twitter
And no games would be played, especially NOT with a Black Hermoine.
Photo: Twitter
Photo: Twitter
Or, any black mother.
Photo: Twitter
Photo: Twitter
The first words out of her mouth would be: "Go get the belt."
Photo: Twitter
Truth be told, whole story-lines would have to be changed.
Photo: Twitter
Imagine all of the possibilities...
Photo: Giphy
Nomenclature
History
AncientFrom very early history to modern times,
India
China
Philippines
Spanish colonial fortificationsDuring the [[Spanish East Indies|Spanish Era several forts and outposts were built throughout the archipelago. Most notable is [[Intramuros, the old [[defensive walls|walled city of Manila located along the southern bank of the [[Pasig River.. Partial listing of Spanish forts: # [[Intramuros, [[Manila # [[Cuartel de Santo Domingo, [[Santa Rosa, Laguna # [[Cuyo Fort|Fuerza de Cuyo, [[Cuyo, Palawan # [[Cagayancillo Fort|Fuerza de Cagayancillo, [[Cagayancillo, [[Palawan # [[Fort Pilar|Real Fuerza de Nuestra Señora del Pilar de Zaragoza, [[Zamboanga City # [[Fort San Felipe (Cavite)|Fuerza de San Felipe, [[Cavite City # [[Fort San Pedro|Fuerza de San Pedro, [[Cebu # [[Fuerte dela Concepcion y del Triunfo, [[Ozamiz, [[Misamis Occidental # [[Fort San Antonio Abad|Fuerza de San Antonio Abad, [[Manila # [[Fort Pikit|Fuerza de Pikit, [[Pikit, Cotabato # [[Romblon, Romblon|Fuerza de Santiago, [[Romblon, Romblon # [[Jolo, Sulu|Fuerza de Jolo, [[Jolo, Sulu # [[Masbate|Fuerza de Masbate, [[Masbate # [[Bongabong, Oriental Mindoro|Fuerza de Bongabong, [[Bongabong, Oriental Mindoro # [[Dapitan|Cotta de Dapitan, [[Dapitan, [[Zamboanga del Norte # [[Tukuran, Zamboanga del Sur|Fuerte de Alfonso XII, [[Tukuran, Zamboanga del Sur # [[Bacolod, Lanao del Norte|Fuerza de Bacolod, [[Bacolod, Lanao del Norte # [[Guinsiliban, Camiguin|Guinsiliban Watchtower, [[Guinsiliban, Camiguin # [[Laguindingan, Misamis Oriental|Laguindingan Watchtower, [[Laguindingan, Misamis Oriental # [[Gumaca|Kutang San Diego, [[Gumaca, Quezon # [[Luna, La Union|Baluarte Luna, [[Luna, La Union
Local fortificationsThe Ivatan people of the northern islands of Batanes built their so-called ''[[idjang'' on hills and elevated areas.
Islamic
AfricaThe [[walls of Benin are described as the world's second longest man-made structure, as well as the most extensive earthwork in the world, by the Guinness Book of Records, 1974. The walls may have been constructed between the thirteenth and mid-fifteenth century CE or, during the first millennium CE. Strong citadels were also built other in areas of Africa. [[History of the Yoruba people.July, pp. 11–39 A military tactic of the [[Ashanti Empire|Ashanti was to create powerful log [[stockades at key points. This was employed in later wars against the [[British Empire|British to block British advances. Some of these fortifications were over a hundred yard long, with heavy parallel tree trunks. They were impervious to destruction by artillery fire. Behind these stockades numerous Ashanti soldiers..Thornton, pp. 22–39
Medieval Europe
Development after introduction of firearmsMedieval-style fortifications were largely made obsolete by the arrival of
19th centuryThe arrival of
20th and 21st centuries
Military airfieldsMilitary tacticsJust as in colonial periods, comparatively obsolete fortifications are still used for low-intensity conflicts. Such fortifications range in size from small patrol bases or [[forward operating bases up to huge [[airbases such as [[Camp Bastion/[[Camp Leatherneck
Prisons and others (fortification)|Capital * [[Caponier * [[Casemate * [[Castle walls * [[Czech hedgehog * [[Defensive fighting position * [[Ditch (fortification)|Ditch * [[Embrasure * [[Glacis * [[Gun turret * [[Keep * [[Lunette (fortification)|Lunette * [[Machicolation * [[Outwork * [[Palisade * [[Parapet#Parapets in fortification|Parapet * [[Pillbox (military)|Pillbox * [[Postern * [[Ravelin * [[Revetment * [[Sandbag * [[Sangar (fortification)|Sangar * [[Counterscarp|Scarp and Counterscarp * [[Turret * ''[[Zwinger'' Types of forts and fortification * [[Blockhouse * [[Bunker *
Notes
References*
Bibliography*Osadolor, Osarhieme Benson, "The Military System of Benin Kingdom 1440–1897]," (UD), Hamburg University: 200
External linksNews and Articles
Ordination of Priest - Live Streaming
25 September 2020Mark Neave, who has served as Curate to the Whiddon Mission Community over the last 18 months is to be ordained as a Priest by the Bishop of Plymouth at 11am at on Sunday 27th September 2020 at Buckfastleigh.
New Priest to join Northeast Dartmoor church family
24 August 2020The Reverend Prebendary Susan Sheppard has been appointed Associate Priest with the Northeast Dartmoor church family.
National Park grant for Bellringers helps keep Devon tradition alive
24 August 2020The tradition of bell ringing Devon style looks set for a bright future thanks to Chagford Bellringers.
Ringers VJ Day peal
24 August 2020Chagford marks VJ day with a peal of bells
Swifts Live from St Michael’s with Nick Baker
20 July 2020Live pictures from four of the 32 swift nest boxes located in the church tower showing young swifts at various stages of development.
Frequent Visitors return to St Michael’s
08 June 2020The swifts are back again for third season since the installation of the boxes in 2017
Spirit Level
08 June 2020This article is not about "The Virus". It is about what happens when enough people experience something so significant that what passes for our ‘normal life’ cannot cope any longer.
The Mess - Important Project Update
05 May 2020In this article we are writing to inform you of some important changes in relation to the youth project and more specifically, The Mess Youth Centre. On-the-Edge, having run for nearly 14 years has primarily been funded through local churches, individuals and one-off grants or events.You must clearly specify these opinions if you are to refute them convincingly. An expository essay explains, for example, how the events of Pearl Harbor devastated a nation. But the author is not trying to convince the audience of anything or explain the scene — merely describe things as they are. The expository essay can also be used to give a personal response to a world event, political debate, football game, work of art and so on. Novels, short stories, novellas, poetry, and biographies can all fall in the narrative writing style. You can pick either Ophelia or Gertrude and describe what impact the character has on Hamlet, the conflict, and the outcome of the play.
The song also gives us some meta-exposition, though. In these cases, it isn't about expository writing vs technical writing, but about blending the two or using them in conjunction with one another for effective marketing. You can talk about this literature masterpiece for ages. The reader should feel as if he or she has learned something after reading your essay. Support your analysis with at least three quotes from any sources. Discuss how this idea applies to three characters in Hamlet, how it influences their decisions, and whether those decisions came back to them.
One single topic per paragraph, and natural progression from one to the next. Usage Persuasive writing can be classified as part of expository writing since argumentative writing is part of expository writing. To convince others to agree with the author's point of view, persuasive writing contains justifications and reasons. Maybe you can finally prove that aliens exist! Factor, create immediate opportunity for success, establish the tone, provide motivation, describe expectations, and. Expository vs Persuasive Expository and persuasive are two writing styles that are very common and also have many similarities between them. In what way does Hamlet talk about sex and sexuality? Was he truly in love with her? In a persuasive writing, you can explain why the legalization of marijuana is important to you; say, you are suffering from terminal cancer and you need marijuana to alleviate your pain. Sure, moms and dads usually demand that their teens come home at a specific time, but should cities be allowed to do the same? The openings of both expository and persuasive writings are similar: you describe the background information as to why this given topic is important to you or why you have chosen this particular topic over others.
Your reaction to a work of literature could be in the form of an expository essay, for example if you decide to simply explain your personal response to a work. Now write to persuade those experts to agree with your view on teenage obesity and fast food restaurants. Have you read, re-read, and so much that you can no longer tell whether your paper is worth submitting to your professor? These types of essays or articles furnish you with relevant facts and figures but do not include their opinions. The list of reasons that couples split is almost endless, but your essay might focus on one or two of the most popular, such as infidelity or money problems. Discuss how the screenwriter has changed the text and whether it has influenced the overall idea. Many students fall into the trap of telling the reader what is happening in the text instead of analyzing it. If a writer is trying to convince you of something but fails to do so, in your opinion, your critical personal response can be very enlightening.
He was averaging almost 200 yards rushing in high school football games. Essay Writing Prompts: Over two and a half school years' worth of prompts for persuasive and expository compositions. Comment on his intentions to commit suicide. An example of such a piece of writing would be practically any instruction manual you might happen to have, from how to operate your toaster oven to how to change a tire on a bicycle. Do you use sufficient evidence and examples to? Directions for Writing Think about the importance of having a cell phone. Can we state that Hamlet had ever loved her? Knowing a cool card trick can make you the life of the party. Teaching Strategies: Step by step examples for planning, implementing, and evaluating inductive and deductive activities that really work with kids.
Similarly, in academia, we see exposition in introductions to papers. Does Hamlet suffer from depression? Your essay might explain how curfews help or harm cities or teens. How is the intended audience deceived? Choose the most important that support your argument the pros and the most important to refute the cons and focus on them. Does the love cease after her death? Here is how to make an easy pumpkin pie using only five ingredients. One solution would be to put a recycling bin in each classroom. Directions for Writing Before you begin writing, think about why it is your favorite store.
Does Hamlet change between Act 1 and Act 2? Now write to persuade the store to stay in business. They are both positions on offense that are designed to score points. Persuasive writing aims to influence views or change behaviors of others, pro or con, usually according to its claim, the thesis; as a result, persuasive writing invariably includes prejudgment and the bias of the writer. Technical writing is often ridden with jargon and other vocabulary and is intended to be understood by a smaller audience with a special knowledge base. This free writing software is designed for individual workstations. The key word here is critical.
Unfortunately for Johnny, he was eventually drug tested. Have you ever dated someone who spent more time on Facebook or texting than talking to you? They point to high-calorie meals that can be quickly ordered and consumed. Pumpkin is filled with vitamin A, which is essential for a healthy immune system and good vision. Step 2: Attach leash to collar. This is the type of essay where you prove that your opinion, theory or hypothesis about an issue is correct or more truthful than those of others. Also, its structure is mostly the same as other types of essays see. Every person seems to have one.
Do not forget to support your assumptions with examples and reasonable judgment. What is the importance of deception in the play? Author's purpose, how to summarize, main idea. Another benefit is expository essays present a fair and balanced analysis of the idea. In this type of essay you analyze, examine and interpret such things as an event, book, poem, play or other work of art. Another example of expository writing is where things are compared and contrasted by bringing out their similarities and differences. Make your point and conclude your essay.After several installs and uninstalls, the cache and refreshed attitude changes, it still does not recognize all my photos. No value to Droid. Absolutely nothing. I know it is free, but now I know I’ll never buy either. Undesirable.
- 8
Sep 11
Adobe Photoshop Express Review : Zero stars is my real rating.Using Lexis+ to Prepare for Class
This is a past event.
Wednesday, August 25 at 5:00pm to 5:30pm
Law Library Classroom!
- Add to Calendar
- Google Calendar iCal Outlook
Login to Florida International University
Login to interact with events, personalize your calendar, and get recommendations.
Recent Activity
No recent activitypublish 12.30 timezone Stockholm
100% clear vision
1018 trillion, 1018 000 000 000 000 visits/very last 24 hours
1131 trillion, 1131 200 000 000 000 visits/very last 7 days
Hello, how you been?
In 1 month has earth moved 4000 meters closer to the sun, totally 6000 meters has it moved closer in 7 months, it’s depending on that the new era “100% Body and Soul” is stabilizing.
The latest month has it been 4-7 degrees warmer on earth because of a closer sun. But for about 10 hours ago I said to sky-army “we can talk to the sun and see if it can move higher up in the galaxy?”
It went out well, talking to the sun….
The angels on the sun have now moved the sun 6000 meters higher up, so I hope this will cool you down!
We guess it will be 5-7 degrees cooler on earth now. Tell us about it!
Are you worry about the moon? Don’t be.
That there are disturbances for the moon in its orbit, also depends on the new era “100% Body and Soul”. The earth has moved higher up, but the moon slips after a bit.
Star-angels from out of space and star-angels from our galaxy are helping the moon to more righ position.
It can occur time changes with the ebb and flow, cause it’s the moon that regulates it.
Higher Power – Coldplay
Have a really nice evening or a really nice day!
love/Lahealila, team, sky-army, sea-angels, seawave-angels,space-army, angels of Lightning, star-angels18 - New Paths
Not Every Situation Requires Poison
Mum
Break
Answers
I Just Fixed Those…
It’s Only A Model
Teresa was first collared way back in this strip – For those curious as to the details of Teresa’s experience at The Church of Rem, Chemiclord has written a short story called A WOMAN’S PLACE, which is available in[…]↓ Read the rest of this entry…Free Shipping Over $299.99
Orders of $299.99 or more ship free within the continental U.S.
NGK BKR9EIX Iridium Spark Plug
Description
This is a resistor style spark plug and recommended for forced induction and nitrous applications..
Sold as a single spark plug. Typical order quantity is 4.
WARNING: This product may contain chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer or birth defects..
Specifications
Vehicle Fitment
This part does not have vehicle specific fitment!
Up first: Elder Quentin L. Cook
“Rise above any rationalizations that prevent us from making righteous decisions.”
Talk about not postponing marriage beyond a “reasonable” age, and cautions not to allow education or financial goals to postpone dating with the idea towards temple marriage. “Please recommit to worthy conduct.”
Moderation and balance is important in all things- avoid “anonymous yakking”. (pshhhh…that never happens)
“Will this make you a better person?” Rationalizing wrong choices will ensnare us in sin, and help us lose our way.
Reminding us to consider Elder Oaks’ talk “Good, Better, Best” to determine which are worthwhile endeavors and which are distractions.
Sportsball! American football… (we’re sorry, rest of the world.)
This life is the time to prepare to meet God. We treasure unstructured time with friends and family, but we must have a seriousness of purpose that must undergird all our choices. We want to be found on the Celestial side of the divide.
Craig C. Christiansen, President of the Seventy
“Whether you are 12, or 112, or anywhere in between, you can know for yourself if the Gospel is true.”
Does each of us know for ourselves if the Gospel is true? Can we say our testimonies are ours? If you do not have a testimony, do the things necessary to have one. The testimony of others will only carry you so far.
Stories of both Nephi and Joseph Smith Jr as examples of men who were very young, but whose diligence and faith provided them with knowledge of the Gospel and of their Savior.
Anyone can ask of God and receive answers to their prayers.
A testimony is a sacred gift from God, and it comes when we study, pray and live the Gospel. A testimony is not a lightswitch- it is not either “on” or “off” but is rather like a tree, going through many stages of growth.
A testimony grows much the way a tree grows- slowly, naturally, and with nurturing and care.
Dean M. Davies, Second Counselor in the Presiding Bishopric, very happy to be addressing us.
Church humanitarian services and the tremendous work done around the world.
Caring for the poor and needy is a fundamental gospel principle. One of four, divinely-appointed church responsibilities (yay for a shoutout to the fourth mission!)
Fast offerings are a way for faithful church members to care for the poor and needy, and to fulfill the fourth mission of the church.
A nice follow-up support for Elder Holland’s powerful sermon on our responsibility to the poor and needy in the Saturday afternoon session.
Caring for the poor is part of our covenants as a church members. It is inherent in the ministry of the Savior- he reaches out to all, and lifts us.
Congregational Hymn: We Thank Thee Oh God for a Prophet (stand up and sing, boys!)(wow, that’s a lot of white shirts…)
President Dieter F. Uchtdorf, Second Counselor, First Presidency
Would we, like those disciples of old, be willing to look inward and ask “Is it I?” This is the pathway to personal conversion and to lasting change.
Charming story about dandelions (not airplanes) in our neighbor’s yards, and how we focus on the faults of others, when we consider not our own.
We have a difficult time seeing ourselves as we truly are- overestimating our own performance, and underestimating the performance of others. When we take this viewpoint to church, we blind ourselves to blessings and opportunities to grow in profound ways.
No one is exempt from the daily acts of service and devotion necessary to keep oneself close to God.
Confronting limitations, weaknesses and fears is uncomfortable. We look through the filter of biases and excuses. We try and justify unworthy thoughts and actions. How can we see ourselves as (the Savior) sees us?
Humble yourself before the Lord. See beyond your pride, ask in humility, and accept the answers the Lord gives. Allow yourself to be a better man, a better husband, a better father. Seeing ourselves clearly is the beginning of wisdom.
Ask yourself, “Lord, is it I?”
President Henry B. Eyring, First Counselor, First Presidency
Speaking to the Aaronic Priesthood tonight.
He’s taking a page from President Monson’s storybook.
A senior Priesthood companion can give the gifts of trust and caring to their young companions. Seasoned leaders can provide examples for young men that will not be forgotten. This is how our boys are prepared to be men.
Our job in priesthood service is to invite people to come unto Christ.
“Show me” counts far more than “tell me” in priesthood lessons.
Our success in preparing others for the priesthood will come in direct proportion to how much we love them- especially so in the need for correction.
Correction must be done with an “increase of love” which means there must have already been love present. They must know your praise before they can accept your correction.
President Thomas S. Monson
Enjoy his lovely stories.
The lighthouse of the Lord beckons to all as we travel the seas of life.
It is essential for man to have a purpose, a rudder to direct his life. The Lord provides a clear map, cautions against pitfalls and traps. If we listen to the still small voice which speaks to the depths of our souls, we will hear “Come, follow me.”
Look heavenward to the unfailing direction there, that we may chart a proper course. Let us find our way home to God, that we may dwell with Him eternally.
Closing Hymn: “Ye Elders of Israel” with a solo by a fresh-faced choirboy- his mother is beside herself.
Y’all have fun at Training Table or wherever it is you get fry sauce after Conference. Here on the east coast, everything’s closed now. G’night!
Tried watching Priesthood at home didn’t like it. Back at the Stake Center. Much better. Definitely less people here than usual.
Anyone else catch that the opening prayer called this the “fourth session of General Conference?”
Yes Seth, I also noted that. At least that’s what I thought I heard as there were some unresolved technical difficulties going on at that time.
I guess the General Womens meeting IS part of conference.
No women present here in our local chapel.
“digital cruelty and anonymous yakking.” yep.
One woman where I’m at, but it’s my wife.
STILL, WE’RE THAT KIND OF PROGRESSIVE
Elder Cook name-dropped science without preceding it with “so-called.” I call that a win.
Uchtdorf refers to “the god of this world”, a citation of 2Co 4:4, on which, see
Uchtdorf wins again.
Someone posted a picture at the Marriott Center priesthood session, which has women all over the place.
As a mom of three little boys, I loved having the priesthood session on in our home this evening. I am so grateful it’s broadcast for everyone now. I truly enjoyed the messages this evening. I will add, too, that I look forward to the day when we receive further light & knowledge w/r/t women’s roles and service in the priesthood.
Can anyone tell me when caring for the poor, needy and elderly became the fourth mission of the church?
joe, dec 2009
sorry zmt; your link wasn’t on my screen when i posted.
Was it just me or was Pres. Monson uncharacteristically slurring words toward the end of the talk? And seems pretty similar to a talk he gave in 1982:
It’s almost the exact same talk. I think it’s fairly well-known his health is failing.
Yeah, he’s been recycling talks and stories for decades.
I have a grand total of maybe four good talks. Luckily no ward has ever asked me to speak more than four times.
If I had a good talk from 35 years ago (I don’t) I would use it in a heartbeat.
Tracy, it wasn’t the exact same talk although he did use the Bismarck story again, this time he related it not to the general membership but instead to those who bear the priesthood. Like Left Field said, he has long reused many different stories and discussions to pull together the message he intends to share. I don’t see it as a question of failing health – though he is aging – but rather a question of finding the right message to share and sometimes it’s one you’ve shared before.
I think it’s fairly well-known he’s almost 90…
My favorite moment was the revelation that stated “Because of the high-mindedness and puffed up attitude of those who call themselves cougars, I am transferring my love and affection to the long-suffering saints whose hearts are in Cache Valley”…or did I just dream that part.>>…
Whenever I can catch a screening of the British Arrows, it’s always a real treat, reminding me that the medium of the TV commercial, at its best, can be astoundingly effective at capturing or at least touching on fundamental facets of humanity.
Below are some of my favorites. You can still catch the full collection of award-winning UK television ads on the big screen at ICA Boston.
Now I know for sure that attending A Better World by Design (AWBxD) this year was well worth it. When I talked with my students who were able to attend this design conference in Providence, Rhode Island, there was palpable excitement. All but two of my intro to environmental science students made it to ABWxD, and we had a blast sharing the things that really stood out to us during those 3 days of talks and workshopes on the Brown University and RISD campuses, like these…
Sarah Mann Carolyn Ciciarelli from Global Forest Watch showed us their interactive web platform for examining deforestation, forest fires and more—an amazing way to look at tree data all over the world. Global Forest Watch also makes APIs that allow people to utilize forest data for their own specific analyses. The blurry image here shows how their platform couples forest fire and wind data to provide insights on air quality—AWESOME!
Ellen Jorgensen told us about the DIY biology lab in New York Genspace and 
During 
.Do you strip the furniture before you recover?
Absolutely. We strip to the frame. All woodwork, springs, filling, webbing and padding are thoroughly checked before the re-upholstering process begins.
Frequently Asked Questions: What is railroaded fabric?
Conventional upholstery fabric has the pattern going up the fabric roll. In other words it runs the length of the fabric, not the width. Railroaded
Frequently Asked Questions: Sofa Skirts
My sofa has exposed legs. When it is recovered can you add a skirt? We can add a skirt and our upholster will know the
How do I chose an upholstery fabric?
Which fabric depends on your needs and tastes. If you have heavy wear, you will need a durable fabric. Cotton will not hold up to
What makes up the cost of re-upholstery?
The process is very time consuming and more extensive than most people realize. Stripping the frame, making repairs on wobbles, broken pieces, springs, etc. requires
Is my furniture worth re-upholstering?
In most cases, it is worth the cost. If it has lasted for 10 years, is a sturdy wood frame and you find it comfortable,Following up on their efforts to fabricate masks and other Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) for local hospitals, a team of Harvard University-based designers and medical professionals are working to design new PPE devices, including what is known as a Patient Isolation Hood (PIH).
The hood, according to an article posted on the Harvard Graduate School of Design website, consists of a molded plastic shield that is placed between a patient and attending doctors. The shield allows doctors to perform necessary and life-saving procedures on infectious patients, including intubation and other procedures, while protecting the doctors from infection and limiting the potential spread of pathogens.
GSD’s website states, “GSD’s Digital Fabrication Specialist Chris Hansen has collaborated with an array of Harvard and GSD colleagues to design two PIH prototypes, fabricating them on April 13 and delivering them to Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) on April 14. Hansen and colleagues spent much of April 15 on continued design and prototyping; by the end of this week, the GSD aims to have produced between 20 and 30 PIHs for a trial run in MGH’s intensive care unit.“
Additional collaborators for the project include GSD Lecturer in Architecture Zach Seibold; Nathan Phipps, a researcher at Harvard’s Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering; Eric Höweler, Associate Professor of Architecture at the GSD; and Saurabh Mhatre, a research associate at the GSD’s Material Processes and Systems Group. In addition, Dr. Samuel Smith, an anesthesiologist at MGH and instructor at Harvard Medical School, is assisting by helping to ensure that the designs adhere to accepted medical-design guidelines.
According to the report, much of the design work for the PIH prototype has taken place over the last two weeks via a dedicated Slack channel titled “Full Body Protection MGB” that is shared between the project partners.
The design and fabrication team anticipate that they will produce 20 to 30 PIH devices for initial testing at MGB.
Block this user
Are you sure you want to block this user and hide all related comments throughout the site?- Sleek and retro, Brighton's oblong opal glass diffuser delivers vivid illumination at the bath vanity. Low-profile cast metal clasps secure the handcrafted glass with minimal obstruction of the light source - Spring Shade Attachment - Backplate Dimension: 5-Inch diameter - ADA compliant - Bulb is not included Hudson Valley - 3601-PC
We will find the best price for you.Wilderness Stewardship in the Anthropocene | Part 10
There isn’t any doubt about the scientific evidence; human activities are fundamentally altering the earth since the dawn of the industrial revolution.
Although the pursuit of scientific evidence is not a political act, there are various American politicians that seek to discredit the knowledge cultivated through scientific inquiry, for political reasons. Notably, this fact is apparent when the knowledge gained would lead to the institution of new policies restricting the profits of polluter’s and various other corporate factions that produce toxic ecological consequences through economic activities that place the value of individual profit, over a healthy life on planet earth for all.
… What people are saying - Write a review
We haven't found any reviews in the usual places.
Selected pages
Other editions - View all
Common terms and phrases
accused allow already Anglican Anglican Church answer argument asked authority believe Bishop bring brought called Catholic cause character charge Christian Church Church of Rome considered controversy course difficulty direct divine doctrine doubt duty effect England English fact faith Fathers feel felt friends give given ground hand heart hold Holy idea instance judgment kind knew least letter living look matter means ment mind miracles Movement nature never Newman object observe once opinion Oxford party persons position present principle professed Protestant prove published question reason received religion religious Roman Rome seems sense Sermon simply speak suppose sure taken teaching tell thing thought tion took Tract true truth whole wish writing wrote
Popular passages
Page 126 - Neither be ye idolaters, as were some of them; as it is written, "The people sat down to eat and drink, and rose up to play.
Page 42 - For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool, and troubled the water : whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had.
Page 171 - 405 - 379 -.
Page 220 - If they have called the master of the house Beelzebub, how much more them of his household!
Page 4 -.
Page 225 - And Jacob went near unto Isaac his father; and he felt him, and said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau.
Page 257 - FROM the end of 1841, I was on my death-bed, as regards my membership with the Anglican Church, though at the time I became aware of it only by degrees.
Page 252 - An Act to empower the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Archbishop of York for the time being, to consecrate to the office of Bishop persons being subjects or citizens of countries out of his Majesty's dominions...Ever wish you were on the guest list but can only wonder what’s happening at the party?
There’s a heck of a do going on tonight at Cardiff Castle, as award-winning chef Stephen Terry is the brains behind the banquet for the world leaders at the Nato Summit.
Chosen as the head chef for a lavish dinner in Cardiff, he will be feeding the likes of US President Barack Obama and Prime Minister David Cameron.
The Marco Pierre White protege has promised to showcase the best in Welsh cuisine and helped by 12 students from Cardiff Metropolitan University.
But the menu is being closely guarded so we can only imagine what treats await the great and the good of political life.
Terry, who runs The Hardwick restaurant in Abergavenny, said: “I am sure Mr Cameron, President Obama and the other world leaders will enjoy the very best of Welsh food and hospitality.”
We’re sure they will too – after all, The Hardwick has often been referred to as the best Welsh restaurant not to have gained a Michelin star, and has been described as “my favourite Welsh restaurant” by culinary heavyweight and Masterchef star Michel Roux Jr.
Terry says he does not have a “signature dish” but he has previously mentioned what is probably his most unique recipe, pork belly with black pudding.
He said: “You can never be sure if what you call a signature dish is not being done somewhere else.
“But I don’t think anywhere else has this starter. It is pork belly and black pudding (locally sourced) which are taken apart and put back together to ensure there is nothing in it you would not want to eat.
“Then it is pan fried and mixed with apple and mild sauce... an extremely tasty starter.”
Terry is also fiercely proud of using mainly local produce.
.”
Whether or not Obama and the gang will feast on black pudding remains to be seen, but we thought it was a fun opportunity to share our favourite Terry recipes from the archives.
For more on Stephen Terry and The Hardwick, visit
Starter
The Hardwick’s Black Mountain smoked salmon with white crab meat, salted cucumber, crispy breadcrumbed avocado and sour cream and chives
Serves 4
Ingredients
400g Black Mountain Smokery Sliced Smoked Salmon
200g fresh or pasteurised white crabmeat
1 cucumber
60g crème fraiche
1 avocado, peeled and quartered,
Chives, finely chopped
Quality Extra Virgin Olive Oil
Lemon juice
Breadcrumbs
2 egg whites, lightly whisked
Plain flour
Mixed salad leaves, to serve
Method
1. First, peel the cucumber and cut in half lengthways, de-seed, slice and salt. Place in a sieve and leave for 1 hour to drain. Then squeeze to remove excess liquid and set aside.
2. Season the crabmeat with salt (preferably Halen Môn), lemon juice, olive oil and chives.
3. Mix chives through crème fraiche and set aside.
4. Breadcrumb the avocado quarters by coating in the flour, then dipping in the egg white and finally coating with the breadcrumbs. Deep fry at 180°C for 2-2½ minutes until light golden. Drain on kitchen paper.
5. To serve, arrange the smoked salmon on the plates with crab on top and an avocado quarter beside. Place a spoonful of sour cream and chives on top and serve with the cucumber mixed through the salad leaves on the side.
Main
For the ultimate in comfort food that won’t break the bank, he shared a warming recipe which probably won’t be appearing on the Nato menu - ham and butter bean casserole
(Serves four)
Ingredients
A knuckle of ham
A dozen carrots
A dozen sausages
Pack of butter beans – soaked in water for two days
Tin of chopped tomatoes
Two bay leaves
Handful of thyme
Olive oil
Handful of parsley
Method
1. Take a knuckle of ham and cover it in water in a large pan, simmer for four hours.
2. After three hours of simmering, add the sausages.
3. Add whole peeled carrots, cut in half.
4. Add soaked butter beans.
5. Add bay leaves and thyme and a small tin of chopped tomatoes
6. Leave for an hour for flavours to fuse. Then remove the knuckle of ham and take the meat off the bone.
7. Take out the ham flakes, carrots, sausages, a third of the beans, the bay leaves and thyme. Blitz the rest of the mixture with a blender for a few minutes.
8. Add the mixture, plus the ham flakes, carrots, sausages, and a third of the beans back to the pan to simmer. Top with chopped parsley and olive oil.
Dessert
A seasonal berry dish to finish, just the thing if you’re in an area blessed with a blooming berry population - blackberry pannacotta
(serves eight)
Ingredients
A bowl of freshly picked wild blackberries
One pint of double cream
One pint of milk
Two vanilla pods
Three and a half ounces of caster sugar
Pack of gelatine
Two tablespoons of kirsch
Method
1. Bring the cream and milk to the boil and add the sugar.
2. Meanwhile, soak four leaves of gelatine in cold water until soft and bring it to the boil until they dissolve.
3. Strain the mixture and put it over a bowl of ice so that it sets with the vanilla suspended in the mixture.
4. Pour into the moulds aiming to achieve a light pudding with a bit of wobble.
5. Add blackberries and kirsch
6. Serve with shortbread
All recipes supplied by Stephen Terry of The Hardwick, AbergavennyGo back in time in this brand-new bubble shooting puzzle game. Download Bubble Dungeon today, and become part of the ancient mythical adventure! Match 3 bubbles of the same color to clear the board and win the level! Play this game for free, and explore hundreds of levels packed with exclusive boosters, cool graphics and effects. See which bubble color you are going to get next so you can plan your moves ahead. Download for free today and join the exciting and divine fun!
Delve into the depths of the earth in this mysterious bubble shooter. Solve ancient levels and puzzles in this fun bubble shooting free game, and play this game for free on your Android device online or offline. Join the mythical adventure, clear the board and overcome amazing challenges. Play hundreds of challenging levels, and use powerful boosts to advance. Put your strategy skills to the test, and play the mythical and powerful Bubble Dungeon now!
How to Play:
• Form a group of 3 or more bubbles of the same color to pop.
• Make special bubble combinations to earn powerful boosters that will assist you in your quest.
• Bubble swap is totally free, simply tap on the bubble to change its color.
• Win boosts and power-ups by making 7 shots in a row or popping more than 10 bubbles in a single shot.
Download for free today and join the exciting and mythical fun!
All rights of Bubble Shooter™ are owned by Ilyon Dynamics Ltd.
IDS= dungeon.bubbleIt’s Another Panda Taste Test
Dank, Peaty Scotch and Delicious Cigars As some of you may know, Panda lost her sense of smell and taste due to COVID-19. Every once and a while Dropbear will bring home a little something for her to try and kick-start her senses again, and film it of course. [...]We Know What It Feels To Be Single On A Valentine’s Day. Don’t Worry, We Are Here To Sort It Out For You. This One Is For All Singles Out There..
7Dil.Despite The Bright Colour Its Actually Quite Translucent
99, SuperdrugThe child in us was hoping that this gel paint from Barry M actually smelt like coconut. Combined with a short shoulder-strap bag, he strikes the smart/casual balance with aplomb. Gutsy and unrefined, Boys & Girls is indebted to a bygone era but somehow feels fresh. Mr Trump has cute woven bags designer woven crossbody bag issuedTrump and the travel banUS President Donald Trump has attempted twice to restrict travel into the United States from several predominantly Muslim countries. Song was featured woven leather bags Art and Style list in 2016
I first began noticing a change in my hair’s texture and condition quite woven totess handmade gradually. Getty Images for CoachellaCoachella 2019: Best-dressed attendees from weekend twoStars in their eyesThe lineup at Coachella may be star-studded, but no more so than this person's sheer ensemble. Getty ImagesEmmys 2018: Best-dressed celebrities of the nightHeidi KlumIt would be hard for the German model to wear something that sale woven leather tote doesn't make her look like a Greek statue. Next has issued an urgent safety warning after discovering that thousands of pairs of children’s sandals presented a possible choking hazard. Brave it alone, mix and match or wear with smaller matching rings or studs on the opposite ear
Despite the designer woven clutch bright colour, it’s actually quite translucent once applied – the powder complemented our tester’s skin tone by lightly covering her blemishes and oily spots. Getty ImagesOscars 2018: Best-dressed on the red carpetZoey DeutchMaking her Oscars debut, the 23-year-old actress donned a couture lilac gown by Elie Saab featuring intricate woven bucket bags beach beading detail.. The only drawback is that it’s pricey and with so beige woven backpack many good dupes now available, it’s hard to justify the cost. For its originator Burberry, the trench came in a variety of iterations from classic to models that spelt sex appeal
Getty ImagesMet Gala 2019: Best red carpet looksAlexa ChungThe British fashion designer has described her vintage jacquard look buy woven bags online as "Jane Austen goes disco" having designed the mini dress herself after feeling inspired by a 1760's jacket she saw at London's Design Museum earlier this year. Wear yours with coordinating jackets, silky camisoles and heels by night, or a casual T-shirt and flat mules by day. (Glossier)“The gel-cream bali woven bags formula contains marine extract to reduce oiliness, and willow bark extract to smooth skin, while niacinamide improves the appearance of pores and uneven skin tone,” noted our tester. Our tester was particularly pleased with how hydrating it felt, as dryness proves a problem for her skin and has been rattan woven bucket bags exacerbated by the wrong mask before. Her turn of phrase – already impressive for an artist so young – improves immeasurably from opener “State of Grace” and leads the listener to the greatest song of her career to date: “All Too Well”
It’s just that, rather than dashing across beach and woven leather totes London and squashing ourselves in between strangers, we’re watching them from our living rooms, where the most taxing journey we’ll do will be between the sofa and the kettle. AFP/Getty Alexa Chung London Fashion Week 2019A model presents creations from British designer Alexa Chung during their 2019 Autumn / custom woven bucket bag Winter collection catwalk show at London Fashion Week in London on February 16, 2019. Saltzman’s rattan bags seen Ronan wear the likes of Emilia Wickstead, Versace, and Cushnie et Ochs which saw the Irish actor named 2018’s best dressed by British Vogue. Once on, it doesn’t budge, so woven leather handbags collection be quick to make any corrections. Elsewhere, Alexander Wang experimented with ballet-esque wrap-around styles and Altuzarra gave them a retro feel with fun cherry prints and ruffle trims
“Where are the dark skinned ones though?” wrote one Twitter user. Robbie, meanwhile, opted for a girlish strapless mini dress by solid rattan crossbody bag Chanel that bore a floral pin. Getty ImagesNew York Fashion Week 2019: Best street styleWhite boots have had a resurgence in recent months thanks to their versatility, which is aptly demonstrated here. It’s also unusual, for such a popular brand, in being sold purely through its website – there soft rattan purse is no middle man here – and with its fairly low prices, Glossier makes a point of trying to be accessible and not exclusive. Celebrity make-up artist Nick Barose finished Nyong’o’s look with glossy black lips, retraced extra-high, pencil thin eyebrows and applied metallic eyeshadow in bright pink and woven beach bags fashion silver glitter
Getty ImagesOscars 2018: Best-dressed on the red carpetSandra BullockStunning in lashings of sequins, the Academy Award-winning actress took to the red carpet in a halter-neck gown by Louis Vuitton. Read moreStop wearing Halloween contact lenses immediately“Essentially the feeling that there is sand in my eyes and it woven bucket bag hoi an can’t be washed or blinked away,” he said. Later collections like Topshop X Marques Almeida in 2014 no longer generated the same hype. Hadid's white and silver bodysuit was accessorised with a swimming cap-like hat and a billowing cape. This fashion week guest rattan bags collection with black lined round rattan bag loafers, camel-coloured socks and a tangerine shoulder bag
REUTERSBrit awards 2019: Best dressed guests on the red carpetMaya JamaThe presenter looked like she'd just stepped off the London Fashion Week runway in this caramel-coloured ruffled tulle creation. Getty ImagesNew York Fashion Week SS20: Best street styleWhen the pattern is sale rattan purse as eye-catching as this one, it's wise to strip back one's look in other areas, like this street styler has done by pairing her high-waisted trousers with a simple white crochet top and blazer. An anti-inflammatory that contains natural caffeine which helps constrict blood vessels and reduces swelling – plastic woven purses working wonders on depuffing. comThe new season provides a chance to freshen up your fragrance game by swapping out those heavier cold-weather scents for something cleaner and lighter. If you fancy something less floral-smelling, try the detoxifying tomato charcoal wipes, or the popular blueberry ones. Think built-in phone charger, bottle opener, laptop holder, drinks pouch and coded lock – to save having to twist the straps around your leg in the airport like an amateur Shibari enthusiast. We found this slightly off-putting woven bag the scent doesn’t linger and is something you could probably overlook unless you’re incredibly sensitive. As for the look on the right, it's optical illusion-meets-retro glamour. At the welcome party the day before the wedding, Victoria wore a red beaded gown, embellished with crystals
It also sat well under powder bronzer, cream blusher and liquid highlighter and is easy to blend other products into. We’ve found a whole range of modern twists on the classic look – from shoeboots to thigh-highs – as well as some more classic-looking options. She still thinks about a “Creamsicle-coloured” child’s dress found among the Khmer Rouge uniforms. They are also available at all TK Maxx stores nationwide and online. It’s not the first time an amputee has made an apperance at London Fashion WeekShowing Collections: 1 - 4 of 4
Collection
Archive of Sir John Gardner Wilkinson
Papers of Sir John Gardner Wilkinson (1797-1875), Egyptologist, [9th cent.]-1921
Extents: 37.73 Linear metres (343 physical shelfmarks)
Dates: 9th cent.-1921, n
Filter Results
Additional filters:
- Indexed subjects
- 16th century 3
- 17th century 3
- x - 12th century 3
- x - 13th century 3
- x - 15th century 3
- x - 9th century 3
- 19th century 2
- x - 10th century 2
- x - 11th century 2
- x - 8th century 2
- 20th century 1
- Antiquarians 1
- Books of hours 1
- Egyptology 1
- Fathers of the church 1
- Greek literature 1
- Italian literature 1
- Latin literature 1
- Law 1
- Literature 1
- Indexed names
- Canonici | Matteo Luigi | 1727-1805 | Jesuit 1
- Douce | Francis | 1757-1834 | Antiquary 1
- Rawlinson | Richard | 1690-1755 | Antiquary and Nonjuror 1
- Wilkinson | Lady | Caroline Catherine | 1822-1881 | Antiquary, botanist 1
- Wilkinson | Sir | John Gardener | 1797-1875 | Knight | explorer, egyptologist 1
- Language
- Arabic 3
- English 3
- Dutch; Flemish 2
- Greek, Ancient (to 1453) 2
- Hebrew 2
- Italian 2
- Scots 2
- Spanish; Castilian 2
- Syriac 2
- Armenian 1
- Church Slavic; Old Slavonic; Church Slavonic; Old Bulgarian; Old Church Slavonic 1
- Coptic 1
- Egyptian (Ancient) 1
- French, Old (842-ca.1400) 1
- German 1
- Greek, Modern (1453-) 1
- Maltese 1
- Portuguese 1
- Provençal, Old (to 1500) 1
- Tamil 1
∨ moreThe performance begins like this: Erica Siskind, librarian at Oakland (Calif.) Public Library, rides her bike to the front of the room, parks it, and pulls from her basket two sticks and a small wooden box.
Clack, clack!
Siskind hits the sticks together, sets them down, and opens the flaps on the front of the box to create a small stage showing the illustrated cover of that day’s kamishibai storytime.. One by one, the storyteller pulls each card from the top of the box—either slowly to build suspense or quickly to make the audience gasp. Text on the back of the cards can help the storyteller along.
“Once you have that little stage, when you put that in front of the kids, they think it’s like a puppet show, like something fabulous,” Siskind says.
The form has become popular in libraries for its flexibility and accessibility, says storyteller and artist Tara M. McGowan, author of The Kamishibai Classroom: Engaging Multiple Literacies through the Art of Paper Theatre. McGowan says library workers are particularly receptive to trying kamishibai storytimes because paper theater works well with existing programming. Some purchase the theater sets and cards, while others make their own out of cardboard and paper. “It’s keeping the art form alive and [growing] it,” she adds.
During the pandemic, many librarians have uploaded and streamed videos of their storytimes online. Keiko Skow, youth services librarian at Racine (Wis.) Public Library (RPL), posted a new kamishibai storytime every Friday last fall. “Virtual storytelling is quite new to me,” she says. “But slowly, I got used to it.”
Kamishibai flourished in Japan in the 1930s and 1940s, offering storytellers and artists an easy way to make money during a period of economic depression, according to the website Kamishibai for Kids. During World War II, kamishibai storytellers traveled through neighborhoods and bomb shelters to offer entertainment to all ages. The rise of television in the 1950s pushed kamishibai aside, McGowan says, but historians, schools, librarians, publishers, and storytellers are working to keep it alive.
“I grew up in a kamishibai storytelling world,” says Skow, who was born in Japan. She wanted to bring the art form to RPL to teach patrons about other cultures.
‘Another world’
Siskind compares the audience’s experience of kamishibai with the entertainment they would get from watching television. “The difference here is that you can touch it,” she says. “There’s a live person talking to you. But it has the same capacity to take you to another place—a window into another world.”
Kamishibai creates a triangle of emotional connection between the storyteller, the audience, and the world of the story, McGowan says. Creating that connection virtually is a challenge, she adds, but when it works, it’s powerful. “Even if there’s text on the back of the card, the audience doesn’t see it,” she says. “The storyteller is bringing it to life. If you use the stage, that accentuates even more the way you can manipulate the cards in ways that aren’t possible with picture books.”
From bamboo sticks to tin canisters that imitate thunder, many instruments can convey atmosphere and tone in Japanese folktales. But Skow says the most effective tool is her voice. “Happy, sad, low, high,” she says. “I’m not just reading the stories. My voice is actually alive.”
Getting started
Lisa Leuck, director of Elgin (Iowa) Public Library, says kamishibai has helped broaden her town’s horizons. Leuck’s library serves a remote town of about 700 people. “We’re extremely rural and isolated here, not just during the pandemic, but all the time,” she says.
One of Leuck’s goals at the library is to offer patrons experiences they can’t easily get in town. When she discovered kamishibai, she used grant money to purchase a theater and some cards from kamishibai publisher Leaf Moon Arts.
As libraries continue to experiment with virtual programming, McGowan recommends implementing kamishibai storytimes through the pandemic and beyond. “Libraries play a crucial role where children can create kamishibai themselves, and the art form can grow as a culture in the US,” she says.
Siskind, who has collected around 24 different story sets, calls the kamishibai box an investment with solid returns. “The stage is important because that’s what makes it different from a book,” she says. “It’s sturdy, [so] you can use it over and over, share it with a group of librarians, and make your own stories.”
When diving into a historic form of storytelling like kamishibai, librarians recommend an open mind, a respectful attitude, and a willingness to learn and teach others. “When you are choosing which stories to buy, use the same thoughtfulness in respecting the authentic representations of [Japanese] culture.”- May 08, 2015
Also Announces theFiling of XLIT Ltd. 2013 Annual Reports and Accounts
XLGroup plc (the “Company”) (NYSE: XL) announced today that the Board ofDirectors of the Company declared a quarterly dividend on April 25, 2014 of$0.16 per ordinary share payable on the Company’s ordinary shares. The dividendwill be payable on June 30, 2014 to ordinary shareholders of record as of June13, 2014.
TheCompany also announced today that the Board of Directors of its wholly-ownedsubsidiary, XLIT Ltd., resolved on April 24, 2014 to pay a dividend of $8.4588per share on XLIT Ltd.’s Series D Preference Ordinary Shares, which dividendwill be paid on July 15, 2014 to all shareholders of record as of July 1, 2014.
XLIT Ltd. 2013 Annual Reportsand Accounts
TheCompany announced today that XLIT Ltd.’s annual report and accounts for theyear ended December 31, 2013 have been filed with the Commission DeSurveillance Du Secteur Financier (“CSSF”), Luxembourg. This filing to CSSF,the home state regulator, was made to comply with the EU TransparencyDirective.
Theaccounts will be available through the OAM Service of the Luxembourg StockExchange, which can be found on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s homepage:.
Thesedocuments are also available on request from the Company Secretary at XL House,70 Gracechurch Street, London EC3V 0XL, and will be made available on the XLGroup plc website:.
About XLIT Ltd.
XLITLtd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of XL Group plc..Sold Out
A teal and pink ruby-throated hummingbird poised in flight. This beautiful hummingbird is double-sided and can be worn either direction. He comes on an 18 inch black woven cord with a 2 inch extender chain. Or you can choose to hang him as an ornament.
This pendant is approximately 1.25 inch (3.5 cm) tall, 1 cm wide, and 1.5 inches (4 cm) long. He is handcrafted from polymer clay and wire with a small amount of resin to accent his eyes.post, to provide separation of the post from the earth. Recommended Steel Fence Post & Foundation Details H = Height of fence above grade S = Spacing of fence posts (center to center) b = Diameter of round concrete pier hole or dimension of square pier d = Required depth of concrete pier P = Post size, galvanized Schedule 40 steel pipe 3 18 2020 Steel Beam Costs Install Support Beam Prices (LVL A 10 ft. steel I-beam costs price h beam steel fence posts size chart60 to price h beam steel fence posts size chart180, while a 30 ft. steel I-beam costs price h beam steel fence posts size chart180 to price h beam steel fence posts size chart540 on average. H-beams can cost as much as double but are stronger, and support spans up to 3 times longer. H-beams can cost as much as double but are stronger, and support spans up to 3 times longer. China I Beam Steel, I Beam Steel Manufacturers, Suppliers E250A S235jr H-Beams Factory Ms H Beams Manufacturer Customized Rolled Carbon Steel H Beam View Larger Image H Section Steel Price H Structural Steel Wholesale FOB Price:US price h beam steel fence posts size chart 500-2000 / Ton Min. Order:1 Ton China I beam Manufacturers & Suppliers factory PriceSteel fence post. T steel fence post; Y steel fence post; Steel tube/pipe. seamless pipe; Prime Structural Steel I Beam /Hot Rolled Steel I-Beam Price Material:Q235 SS400 S235JR Q345 A36 Size:100*68-630*180. steel i beam; i beam size malaysia; i beam size chart; Series H-Braces & Fence Posts - Pioneer Steel & Pipe ::Central We carry all of these options in a 4 1/2 new pipe, as well as a 2 7/8 used pipe (Hs w/ kickers are 4 1/2 only). We also carry pre-cut fence posts. We offer new and used posts in 8 lengths in 2 3/8 and 2 7/8 sizes. We also have 8 lengths in 3 1/2 and 4 1/2 sizes, with several thicknesses available. Metals Depot® - Buy Steel Beams Online!Metals Depot stocks a wide range of steel beam sizes for thousands of applications. Shop online for standard or cut to size lengths at wholesale steel beam prices. We also offer a selection of price h beam steel fence posts size chart Steel Beams. Just give us a call if you need something special. H Beam Fence Post September 15, 2018 - by Arfan - Leave a Comment China cement fence post precast concrete h beam making en 10365 the european norm replacing din 1025 montanstahl metal fence posts fencing the 201 stainless steel beam suppliers china hot dipped galvanized structural steel h beam Steel Posts for Retaining Wall Fence in SydneyMar 24, 2019 · Buy quality steel posts for retaining wall fence in Sydney. Check out our range of steel posts at your local warehouse. Visit us today for the widest range of steel products. these are usually for walls that have been engineered and the size and length of the steel will be stated on the engineering. COLOUR AS3600/2009 Compliant. The Original PostMaster & PostMaster Plus - Master HalcoWhat The Original PostMaster and PostMaster Plus Fence Post Height Do I Need? Master Halco has provided a basic reference chart for use in most 6 foot and 8 foot high fences. This chart is meant to serve as basic guidance for most, but not all fences.
I retaining wall steel Building Materials Gumtree h post for 75mm sleeper, the length of beam is 1.5m. the steel beam has been welded with extra 100mm reinforce bar. we are open to all public and business customers. concession can be offered to business customers with trading account applied. *the post is made of hot dipped galvanised steel with r3 rating with better protection provided. Fence Framework - Steel Pipe, Tube and Electrical ConduitWheatlands fence framework contains recycled steel, which is the most recycled material in the world. The tube products manufactured by Wheatland Tube are produced from approximately 2585% recycled steel. The amount can vary depending on the steel producer. Of the 2585% recycled steel, approximately 30% is post-industrial and 70% is
Please Click here
Your email address will not be published. Required fiels are markedSuffolk, Va. - Firefighters were called out to a fire in a three-car garage in the Kings Fork area of Suffolk Sunday evening
Units arrived to find heavy fire showing from the detached garage threatening a two story home. Fire crews worked aggressively to protect the home from the garage fire. Several windows of the house were broken due to the radiant heat.
The garage contained three vehicles and other equipment. The homeowner was able to remove one of three vehicles with the other two antique vehicles were a total loss
One firefighter sustained minor injuries and is being treated at Sentara Obici Hospital.
The cause of fire is under investigation by the Fire Marshal's Office
Become A Volunteer
Our Advantages
What We Offer
PhysioCare Hospice is locally owned and is committed to serving our communities here in central Indiana. We give to and participate in many local events, service projects and fundraisers that benifit many great charitable organizations.
01
Time is of the essence when your terminally ill loved one is ready for hospice. We make it a priority to meet with patients and caregivers the same day or at their earliest convience to evaluate and admit the patient.
02
Toward the final moments of life patients require more vigilance. We can offer continuous care for patients and caregivers who need more attention during these final hours.
03
We offer emotional and spiritual support for the family during this stressful time through our social work and chaplain services.
We offer caregivers some relief and peace of mind, knowing our skilled staff are providing their loved ones with the best quality of life each day.
Bereavement services are offered to caregivers and family members who need help dealing with grief over the death of their loved one.
We offer voluneer services for patients and caregivers who need an extra hand with help around the house and companionship.
Volunteers are an integral part of the hospice team, filling roles that range from direct contact with patients to providing clerical and fundraising support for the organization. Hospices that participate with Medicare are required to utilize volunteers alongside their paid clinical and administrative staff. Hospice volunteers describe their work as gratifying, intellectually stimulating, and emotionally meaningful. Hospices require a lot from their volunteers and value them greatly. Contact us for more information about becoming a volunteer.
Indiana Counties We Serve:
Benton Boone Carroll Cass Clinton Fountain Grant Hamilton Howard Jasper Marion Miami Montgomery Newton Pulaski Tippecanoe Tipton Wabash Warren White
Fulton Hendricks Parke Vermilion Vigo
Clay PutnamFlorida-based ska-punk rock band formed in 1992.
Band members include: Chris DeMakes - guitar and lead vocals , Roger Manganelli - bass, Vinnie Fiorello - drums, Buddy Schaub - trombone and Peter Wasilewski - sax.
Key songs include "She's Gonna Break Soon", "All My Best Friends Are Metalheads" and "Overrated". They released their debut album, "Pezcore" in 1995, followed by: "Losing Streak" (1996), "Hello Rockview" (1998), "Borders & Boundaries" (2000), "Anthem" (2003), "In With the Out Crowd" (2006), "GNV FLA" (2008), plus 2013's: "See the Light".1 Answer. You can go to to Tools > Preferences > General and uncheck the box for Auto-save as highlighted in the picture below.
How do I change the default save in SketchUp?
Open the SketchUp file by clicking File > Open. Click File > Save As…. This will open the Save dialog box. Click the Save as Type drop-down menu and choose the version of SketchUp you would like use to open the file.
How do I change the AutoSave time in SketchUp?
Use SketchUp AutoSave function
If you have ever set up in your Sketch menu Window -> Preferences -> General tab -> In the ‘Create Backup’ [SKB] and ‘Auto Save’ [at set time interval] check-box options…
Why is it important to save your work regularly?
It is important that you regularly save your work and create backups of files. Computers can fail from time to time, floppy disks can become corrupt and CDs can get scratched – as a result you may lose your work.
Where does AutoSave save to?
As we’ve mentioned, the default autosave location for Word is the AppData folder. Microsoft Word can save the files in various locations, including C:UsersYour_usernameAppDataLocalMicrosoftWord and C:UsersYour_usernameAppDataLocalTemp.
Can you save down a SketchUp file?
Open the SketchUp file by clicking File > Open. Click File > Save As…. This will open the Save dialog box. Click the Save as Type drop-down menu and choose the version of SketchUp you would like use to open the file.
Where is SketchUp backup file?!
Does sketchbook AutoSave?
Sketchbook auto saves after 10 strokes, though you can save your drawing at any time by following these instructions.
How do I recover a sketch file?.tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-3757751352060495468.post5695495136829950986..comments2021-11-26T11:32:50.663-05:00Comments on My Shoestring Life: Need deals? Then go to Deals! Amanda Schreiber am so thankful to you for this wonderful article...I am so thankful to you for this wonderful article. This has been very helpful to me in finding the sites that saling <b><a href="" rel="nofollow">Domain.com Coupons</a></b>. It was hard to find the legit online stores on ordinary searches. Denial are always able to come with a lot of grea...Summers are always able to come with a lot of great deals for all the community members. I know its important for all the community members. The <a href="" rel="nofollow">pop over to this site</a> is always great for all the community members and other important people.AnonymousFor almost 3 years I have been building my Elphame Universe and in the last couple of weeks, I have been having this feeling that my Universe is unintentionally too… I am going to say European. Or at least appeared to be based too heavily on European folklore— which it is, and it isn’t.
I was so focused on trying to make the races different from how we traditionally told stories about them that I didn’t stop and think maybe then be using other lore as my guide. The most prominent example of this is the Fae.
In my stories I see the Fae as an advanced race, they make mistakes, they are constantly questioning their own ethics and morality, but they are also in a way the older aunty or uncle that you would go to for help and advice. They care about life and want to guide you to make good choices.
That doesn’t sound like any Fae I have read either in modern or historical literature. The Fae are either portrayed in a benevolent light, or as tricksters, power-hungry, bargain makers, cruel and bloodthirsty.
It got me thinking of the other Fae or Fae-like creatures in other histories such as Jin, the Peri (or Pari Pari in Malaysia), or the Johan. The Peri had closer ties to the being I was looking to create but not quite.
Right now I am throwing up two ideas.
- To simply change the name of the Fae to Pari and look to the Persian, Arabic and Malay folklore more to build out their identity as a race more, or
- To create find another mythical being which better suites the qualities that my Fae race currently embody.
I haven’t quite decided yet which way I will go. Considering I am currently querying my books I either need to make a decision fast or (fingers crossed) if I get an agent explore the idea with them.
Thankfully in my current book the Fae play only a very small role for the most part I believe it will only be a name change rather than extensive changes to the book. But I am working on a second standalone in this universe for Nano and if I am going to change the Fae race I would like to do it now rather than in draft 3 or 4 while the story is still new and exciting.Bulletin for 9.27.15
PRAYER CONCERNS
Clyde Carpenter’s back surgery went well. Frank Sponhaltz is still not doing well (still in ICU). Bryant Dean (Michael & Andrea Baldwin’s 17 year old nephew) is in MICU with pulmonary embolism, clots in his lungs, and high heart rate & blood pressure. Ona McKelvey (friend of Darla Yazombek) is home recovering from her surgery (She is thankful for prayers).
Please continue your prayers for those who need our continued prayers: Jim Bass, Julie Beazel (Karen Miller’s daughter, blood clots, lungs), Barbara Brewer (Leslie Judge’s mother, brain lesions and lung surgery), Alicia Estadt, Ed Hirauk, Janie Judge (Jamie’s mother), Molly Leonard (Sam & Delores Burkhart’s daughter, lung cancer), Tara McAlonan (Donna Burghy’s cousin), Leah McIntosh (age 4, leukemia; Elaine Sambuco’s cousin), Nancy Stonebraker, Jimmy Thrash and Bill White (relative of Tina Hayes; heart problems).
Please continue to pray and encourage those who are no longer able to worship with us…Evelyn Barker, Ella Bell, Bill & Sue Daley, Mae Deller, Wilda Freeland, Joyce Orzolek, Alice Shunk, Leon Smith, Jim Thrash, Marlene Trisolene & Joanne Wallner. MOTHERS
Please keep our expectant mother in your prayers: Amanda Schrum (Feb. 13th) and Jenna Frye (March).
COLLEGE STUDENTS
Please give your college student’s address to Joyce Slatt.
KID’S CLASS DURING WORSHIP
We need volunteers for the kid’s class during our Sunday morning worship gathering.
Sept. 27th-Brenda McCreary & Pam Moore.
GLEANER CANS
The gleaner cans for Potter Children’s Home are due back Oct. 21st. If you have any that are full or beginning to fill up, please bring them in and give them to Brad. There are still more cans for those who want to continue to collect.
TRUNK-OR-TREAT
Plans are underway for Trunk-or-Treat on Saturday, October 24th at 5pm. We are excited about this outreach opportunity and a chance to have fun together. There will be a way for everyone to get involved!
There will be games from 5-6ish, and Trunk-or-Treat starting about 6. There will be a fellowship meal following the outside fun. Kids (& adults!) come dressed in your best costume!
If you are willing!
FALL RETREAT
Teens, parents, & chaperones, be making plans to be a part of Fall Retreat on November 6-8th.
MEN’S BREAKFAST
All the men and boys are invited to the monthly breakfast at Eat ‘N Park this coming Saturday at 8:30 a.m.
LADIES’ FELLOWSHIP
There will be a Ladies’ Fellowship this Tuesday, September 29th @ 6pm to plan the next session of the Women’s Bible Study. Bring snacks & drinks to share.
LADIES’ INSPIRATION DAY
There will be a Ladies’ Inspiration Day at the National Road Church in Wheeling on October 3rd. Sameea Collins will be the speaker. See flyer on bulletin board for more details.
AN ACTIVE FAITH
The life of following Jesus is an active life. We’ve been invited to put our faith in action. As a church, we’re always trying to find ways to live this active faith. Here a just a few ways for you to get involved. This is just a starting point!
- Praying for those who are sick and hurting & writing cards for them.
- Become a part of the Ministry of Encouragement.
- Give old eye classes, ink cartridges, greeting cards, “Box Tops & Campbell’s Labels for Education, for various ministries.
- Take food or provide other assistance to the sick and those who are grieving.
- Go out of your way to welcome guests in our worship gatherings.Touch for the Wise LLC
Massage Therapy for Seniors in the City of Charlottesville and Albemarle County, Virginia
Amy Thomas
(434) 328-5850
If you have any questions, I invite you to call or e-mail me. Please do not share personal health information in a direct e-mail. Any personal information should be shared through the encrypted Noterro software attached to this site, listed on the Forms page of this site. I do not at this time offer online booking, as per the nature of a primarily mobile business. Once we agree Massage Therapy would benefit you, the fees for the massage session are based on the value of the service, amount of time invested for the service, and travel time.Pity poor Paris Hilton. After three days in prison she is on the verge of a breakdown and has been sent home. You may think the reason for this breakdown had something to do with being incarcerated along with some pretty rough birds from downtown LA, or just being incarcerated, or having to eat overcooked vegetables or not being allowed near a Prada store for 24 hours. But I think it had more to do with the clothes she was forced to wear.
I’m sorry, but three days in an orange jump-suit is enough to send anyone over the edge. Orange is so last week, and terribly unflattering. Also poor old Hilton does not have the advantages of an English public-school education. As Evelyn Waugh said: “Any one who has been to an English public school will always feel comparatively at home in prison.”
George Michael has been spared prison and is instead going to do 100 hours community service for “drug driving”. I think community service is a much better option for celebs. That way they can do something useful for once.
What a wasted opportunity it was not to give young Paris some dreary tasks instead of a custodial sentence. I’m sure there are plenty of old people who would have loved their meals on wheels delivered by Paris wearing a pinafore. Or maybe she could been assigned the task of picking up rubbish on Rodeo Drive and get in a spot of shopping at the same time?
I wonder what they’ll find for George Michael to do? Probably not cleaning public loos.
I think you should tell us of your own time in the cells, Helena…
Paris was just ordered to return to prison to serve out her 45-day sentence, so be prepared to see her wearing orange for another few weeks! Poor, poor girl.
After the Ballad of Reading Gaol and that book by Nelson Mandela I am sure the world with shower millions on Paris for her own prison diaries.
I am still awaiting practical advice from Helena on doing time…
This story sounds like it makes some sense and explains her “medical condition”:Simplified sign-ups
Parents see only those camp options and forms that are a fit for their child.
Automatic form generation
Speed enrolments with auto-triggered forms for just the right camps and sessions.
Simultaneous registrations
Same-time enrolment for more than one child keeps sign-ups quick and easy.
Unique registration flows
One system handles summer and family camps, adult retreats, year-round enrolments and multiple groups, be they children, adults or families..
Square integrated
CampBrain works seamlessly with the Square payment and point-of-sale system.
Sell 12 months of the year
Build a beautiful online store using Square so families can pick up your coveted camp merch for birthdays and holidays.
Simplified financials
Collect yous and provided your medical staff with a complete view of each camper.
Simple reporting
Stay in the loop with quick and easy reporting tools.
Customize your process
Create unique application forms for as many different positions as you like.
Simplified onborarding
CampBrain’s dashboard tracks each job applicant and prospective volunteer’s stage and status making it easy to manage the entire hiring process, from application to interview.
Effortlessly manage roles
Assign new hires and volunteers to both roles and cabins, and take care of all the associated financial tasks..
Flexible and adaptable tools
Simplify decision-making for your director, staff and board with a reporting system that includes customizable financial summaries, weekly rosters, parent statements and more.
CampBrain staff listen to the needs of their clients and are continually improving their software to be at its best. They are helpful, supportive and another member of our camp team!
Krista VandenHeuvel
I have worked with CampBrain for ten years at a larger camp where the features of good software are essential for efficiency and where we need it to work for campers and for groups. The staff at CampBrain are always helpful and friendly and are responsive in a timely fashion with answers to support calls/emails. I appreciate how the staff seek input on what new things we need and find great joy in seeing items I’ve put on the Wishlist get added to the software with our input when doing so. I love how mobile friendly CampBrain is so that we can access things on a phone or while working remotely. The significant ways that CampBrain added things in 2020 to help camps function in the midst of the pandemic have been unbelievably wonderful adaptations in a timely manner.
Jane DeVries
Choosing a software solution is like choosing a camp: the fit has to be just right. Want to know if CampBrain is a perfect match for you? Get in touch. We’ll discuss your needs, walk you through the system and answer any questions you have..
It was comfortable and organized.
The flight actually was fine. Just a lot of delays.
United makes Spirit look great
Seating less than desirable, multiple seats on the plane open w no option to change
Weather :0( 2-hour delay on the tarmac
Delays
Flight updates was outstanding
Airlines flying to Alexandria have enacted additional safety measures and adjusted policies to better accommodate travelers. Policies vary by airline.
Heightened sanitation
Daily cleaning, installation of cabin HEPA filters on flights to Alexandria
Mandatory masks
Masks required on board, masks provided on flights to Alexandria
Social distancing seating
Middle seats unavailable to book on flights to Alexandria
Pre-flight testing
Testing for antibodies, testing for symptoms for flights to Alexandria
Flexible cancellations
Waiving of change fees. Search flexible flights to Alexandria
Alexandria (AEX)United StatesA save Collier from falling into the same traps as always. There’s no denying that Collier is one of the most musically gifted individuals on the planet right now, but that doesn’t mean he understands how to translate all of that talent into a good or meaningful song. Instead, he opts for a complete sensory overload of complexity for complexity’s sake, removing all the aspects of soulfulness or fun from the finished product as he throws every aspect of his advanced reharmonization techniques and virtuosic soloing at the listener at once. Jumping wildly between genres and brief musical motifs in a childishly defiant attempt to prove that the most unorthodox of structures can work, adding quite a few overdone lyrical clichés and insisting on singing (and unfortunately, rapping) well out of his vocal capabilities to add to the complexity at work, Collier seems more fascinated with the idea of music than music itself.
The opening robotic bloops and metallic clangs of intro “CLARITY” leading into the album’s first real track, the obnoxiously frenetic “Count The People,” honestly reminded me of the irreverence and disorienting work of a group like 100 gecs. The difference here is that the knowing wink at the audience is removed because Collier isn’t attempting to subvert any kind of existing frameworks. Instead, he just throws the most complicated musical schematics at the wall haphazardly, seemingly just to prove that he knows how to pull them off regardless of how good they actually sound together. On the first track, Collier begins with a pitched-up and bright chorus featuring Jessie Reyez before the track tumbles awkwardly into a dark and electronic section featuring Collier himself awkwardly delivering a lightning-fast rap overtop and sounding as out-of-place as possible with his British accent.
It’s almost as if Collier is aware that some of the kinds of people who enjoy his music would be too elitist to touch hip-hop music, and their baseline understanding of the genre would result in their minds being blown by this musical wunderkind additionally “dominating” a genre outside of his comfort zone by achieving what they perceive to be its pinnacle of skill – rapping spellbindingly fast without a hint of lyrical meaning. The track ends with a cacophony of dated dubstep wubs, out-of-key jazzy synth arpeggios, T-Pain’s vocals and a banjo. You truly have to hear it to believe it. The next track “In My Bones” feels like trying to listen to a lyrically bland funk song on a bad radio connection, brief musical moments from other channels cutting in, before the track rushes to its blown-out conclusion featuring shrill high vocals and Disney Channel rapping over complete chaos from the percussion section.
A section of three songs in the middle where Collier teams up with a couple of modern R&B’s brightest talents actually does show off how great his music could be if he dropped the air of complete pretentiousness. It features longer segments of great ideas (even a full good song!) and actual musical cohesion before Collier inevitably throws it in a blender set to liquefy. And then smashes it on the ground. The track “Time Alone With You” with Daniel Caesar begins promisingly, Caesar’s charismatic and flirty vocals riding a thankfully consistent groove as Collier’s multilayered harmonies and tempo-bending chorus play off of him well and add an appropriate amount of quirky flavour. The last third of the song careens off the rails with lurching percussion and more of those awfully pitched vocals as the key shifts abruptly, the section nightmarishly speeding up into a relieving final couple seconds of the main melody.
The track “In Too Deep” with Kiana Ledé fares a little better, a sweetly sung R&B slow jam with trap percussion and some funk embellishments that serves as a pretty great duet – it’s likely the most derivative track here, but on an album like this that’s welcome when Ledé’s vocals are this good. However, “All I Need” with Mahalia and Ty Dolla $ign shows the true magic that happens when Collier focuses on making a full, coherent song. Reminding me a bit of some of Anderson .Paak’s recent work with jazzy scat segments making a bridge between keys and syncopated synth production, the three artists all offer their own verse and personal flavour as they sink into the groove. The track is still wildly complex with instruments cutting in and out and a constantly shifting musical framework, but it’s all anchored by a necessary, unchanging core aesthetic.
The back half of the album gets right back to it with some more music theory purgatory and some of Collier’s worse vocal performances. The track “Butterflies” features arrhythmic percussion and Christmas bells clanging into itself as repetitive vocal lines are looped over and over in different keys in Collier’s yawning, sliding vocal cadence on a track that thankfully lasts only two minutes. The blaring, metallic percussion hits resembling an alarm clock sent from the depths of hell that open the next track, “Sleeping On My Dreams,” immediately bring you out of the hypnotic stupor with a terrifying jolt as one of the most disjointed tracks here begins. Opening with Collier singing matter-of-factly in a baritone voice over a calming guitar loop, the song inexplicably shifts into a brief vintage vocal pop section and an upbeat synth-funk chorus in a different tempo before hitting you once again with the alarm clock and starting the sequence over. The chorus is genuinely one of the catchiest moments here, but it’s far from worth everything you have to go through to get there.
It’s quite a tall order to make the angelic vocals of Tori Kelly, who appears on “Running Outta Love,” unappealing, but Collier does it with a cluttered instrumental palate that is somehow more distracting than her impressive runs and ends up sounding laughable singing alongside her. The album concludes with “Light It Up On Me,” another brief gec-like clashing sound collage, the lengthy track “He Won’t Hold You,” featuring Collier’s laziest vocal performance and a central choral motif that lifts a melody from one of the most celebrated songs of all time, Queen’s “Somebody To Love,” and “To Sleep,” a nauseating overlapping canon as Collier once again plays off of singular repetitive vocal lines.
It’s truly shocking that someone this good at music would continuously make music that’s this aggressively bad, but I guess this is proof that complexity and technical skill are far from the most important aspects in making music that stands the test of time. Maybe I’ll look back in 5 years and be proven completely wrong.
Favourite Tracks: All I Need, In Too Deep
Least Favourite Track: Count The People
Score: 2/10Bandwidth rate shaping with tc stops working after upgrade to SLES 10 SP2
This document (7002555) is provided subject to the disclaimer at the end of this document.
Environment
SUSE Linux Enterprise Server 10
Situation
For example a policy to limit the outgoing bandwidth for eth0 to approximately 430 KB/s (kilobytes) could be implemented like this :
#The-2009
- Modified Date:11-Mar-2021
- SUSE Linux Enterprise Server
For questions or concerns with the SUSE Knowledgebase please contact: tidfeedback@suse.comPamela Anderson shares two sons, Brandon Thomas Lee and Dylan Jagger Lee, with ex-husband Tommy Lee. Find out more about them here.
Pamela Anderson, 54, is the proud mom of two handsome and talented sons, including Brandon Thomas Lee, 25, and Dylan Jagger Lee, 23, who she shares with ex-husband Tommy Lee, whom she married in 1995. Despite their split in 1998, she and Tommy to co-parent the boys and they are now all grown up and making their own lasting impressions in life. From appearing on a popular reality show to working as a model and musician, Brandon and Dylan are making their marks in big ways.
When appearing on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in 2015, Pam couldn’t help but gush over her kids. “They’re great kids. I’m really fortunate because it could have been a disaster,” the actress said on the show. “I’m so proud of them. They’re such gentlemen … they spoil everybody rotten. And they spoil me rotten! They’re just real sweethearts.”
blogherads.adq.push(function () {
blogherads
.defineSlot( ‘medrec’, ‘gpt-dsk-tab-mid-article1-uid0’ )
.setTargeting( ‘pos’, ‘mid’ )
.addSize([[1,1],[300,250],[620,350]])
;
});
Find out more about Brandon and Dylan below!
Brandon Thomas Lee
Brandon is Pamela and Tommy’s oldest child. He was born in June 1996, the year after his parents were married. Like his mom, he has worked as a model and actor, and appeared in the reality television series, The Hills: New Beginnings. He’s walked the runway in various fashion shows for big designers, including Dolce & Gabbana, which he once called “a spectacular experience.”
His acting debut came in the 2017 film, Inherent Greed and has appeared in other films such as Sierra Burgess Is A Loser and Blackjack: The Jackie Ryan Story. Brandon also launched his own clothing line, the Swingers Club Capsule Collection in Nov. 2021 and both his parents came out to support him at the launch’s special event, which was held at The Webster at the Beverly Center in Los Angeles, CA.
Dylan Jagger Lee
Dylan is Pamela and Tommy’s second-born son. He was welcomed into the world in Dec. 1997 and has grown up with a love of music, just like his dad. Unlike Brandon, he hasn’t appeared in any films or television series but has written songs and played instruments, and has gushed over his passion in previous interviews. “If I’m in for the night, I’m writing music. I’m either playing the piano, playing the guitar or producing on my computer,” he told W magazine in 2017. “That’s usually my night every day. Music, music, music!”
He also revealed that he’d love to become a music producer and DJ. “As of right now, I am working really hard to become a music producer [and] DJ,” he further shared with the outlet. “That is my dream and I want it to become a reality.” Some of Dylan’s musical influences include The Chainsmokers, Skrillex, Diplo, Dillon Francis, Zedd, and his dad.
“I wouldn’t say he pushed me to be in music, but he’s been really influential,” Dylan told Fashion Week Daily about how the Motley Crue drummer’s musical success has affected him.Photo: User:Michael180 (User:ThePlaz on Commons) [CC BY-SA 2.5 ()]
5. Rainforest Cafe
This is an amazing rainforest themed restaurant to take the family to have a bite to eat. Just take a look at the picture below and you will see what we mean. It not just the kids that will love the surroundings, it’s an amazing experience to be eating in a place that is designed to look like a rainforest. This used to be such a treat as a kid for me, getting to go and have dinner here, you feel like you are having dinner in the middle of a rainforest. The birds, the fish, so much to look at. They’ve got incredible scenery, food, and top service. It is easily a top choice to bring the family for dinner and hang out with the kids.
For an appetizer we would recommend the Awesome Appetizer Adventure which is designed for people who have a hard time deciding on what to order. Chimi-Cha-Chas, Spinach & Artichoke Dip, Cheese Sticks, Chicken Strips and guacamole. You can even add a side of St. Louis style pork sparerib to it for a small fee. It’s worth it. There are so many entrees to choose from. A personal favorite is the Amazon Feast which is simply a very tasty Rotisserie Chicken, Mojo Bone Ribs, coleslaw and off course Safari fries.
One of the reasons we choose the Rainforest cafe as one of the 5 Kid friendly things to do in Las Vegas is because of the amazing desert the Rainforest Cafe has on their menu. It a desert of legend. We are talking about the Sparkling Volcano Dessert. It is not to be missed.
Rob Young from United Kingdom [CC BY 2.0 ()]
4. Mandalay Bay
The Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas is one of the best hotels to be at, especially for families and kids, because they have so much to do. They offer a variety of live shows. One of the most spectacular places at Mandalay Bay is the Aquarium. This is no small Aquarium. The Aquarium offers over 2000 animals for the kids to enjoy including wonderful interactive exhibits.
Another reason why the Mandalay Bay hotel makes our top 5 Kid Friendly Things To Do In Las Vegas list is for the awesome Mandalay Beach. It not a beach in the traditional sense on an ocean or bay. It’s a beach that surrounds a huge 1.6-million gallon Wave Pool. There are also over a hundreds cabanas for people to enjoy while spending their time on the beach in Las Vegas. So cool!
Photo: Erin Khoo [CC BY 2.0 ()]
3. Excalibur Hotel & Casino
One of the best family-friend hotel and casinos in Las Vegas is the Excalibur Hotel & Casino that looks like a fun castle on the outside. Its a medieval theme hotel that is awe inspiring just walking through it. It offers the best rates around, it’s in a great spot, and perfect for families. It offers a laid-back vibe and you are sure to spot many other families and kids running around nearby. The scenery here, the entertainment, really makes it a fantastic choice for kids and families in Las Vegas. It resides right between the New York New York hotels and the MGM Grand.
Head on outside and spend the day by the pool, or look around at the shops. Here you can also get the ultimate experience with dinner and a show, by making time to catch the Tournament of Kings which is one of the most popular live dinner shows ever that surely won’t disappoint. It’ss kid friendly so your little ones will have a great time.
Don’t forget the Fun Dungeon. It’s a game room for the entire family. The Fun Dungeon host over 200 games, including arcade games, Kiddie Land games, Carnival Midways, sports and redemption games and the world’s largest Pacman game.
Fun
2. Adventuredome Theme Park
The Adventuredome Theme Park is a 5-acre amusement park that’s all located indoors, you’ll find it at Circus Circus on the Las Vegas Strip. Want rides? Then you should come on over to the Adventuredome Theme Park for a fun-filled day with the family. They offer group discounts, school events, company events, and a variety of games and rides. If you are tired of the shopping and you want to have a little more fun, then head on over to the Adventuredome Theme Park and hop on a ride. This is the perfect location to take the kids because they are bound to have a blast by spending the day at the theme park, enjoying the rides and games.
1. Marvel Avengers S.T.A.T.I.O.N. at Treasure Island
If you are any sort of Avengers fan then you need to carve out some time to make it over to Marvel Avengers S.H.I.E.L.D. that’s located at Treasure Island. This offers an immersive event that will give an educational and fun experience to kids that lets them dive into the world of Marvel. You will get to see familiar costumes, and even train to become an agent. If you love Avengers then you will love this option.
They offer the chance to see collectibles, toys, and lots more. It is known to be the largest Marvel retail outlet in the world, making it a prime location to spend the day with the family because the kids are going to love it. Afterward, you can always head on outside to catch the pirate show outside the Treasure Island hotel too.
Las Vegas is a fantastic vacation spot to come with the kids and family, because there is a lot more to choose from and see than just the regular clubs and bars. There are many kid-friendly hotels and entertainment options that would make for a thoroughly enjoyable experience that any kid would love. You will have so much to see if you come to Las Vegas and of all that there is for kids to experience, you certainly don’t want to miss scheduling a visit to any of the above locations because they are perfect for families. The next time that you are in Las Vegas and you are thinking about where you might want to bring the family for a little bit of fun, then think about taking the time to check out any of the these 5 kid friendly things to do in Las Vegas because you won’t regret it.
For adventure and fun, Marvel or the Adventuredome would be a great choice, for animals Mandalay Bay is ideal, for a perfect kid restaurant why not check out the Rainforest Cafe. Las Vegas is a wonderful city to visit with the family because whatever budget you might be on, they’ve got countless options to choose from to keep you busy and full.A CLASSIC,
The iconic look of our legendary D-series was like nothing else. With swooping lines and and an imposing grille, it made waves wherever it went.
REBORN.
Inspired by that classic look, we set out to create something just as iconic for the 21st century. And once we did, we made sure to offer an equally iconic engine, the Cummins X15.Has there ever been a truer quote? The other day, I went for a run and it FRUSTRATED me that I wasn't better than I am. I actually posted a thread on twitter because I wanted to get out my frustration. I wanted it logged in my own world that it's not all rainbows and … Continue reading Tales of a runner: the frustration editionPort Orchard Bail Bonds
Get out of Jail Fast in Port Orchard
Port Orchard Bail Bonds
Arnold’s Bail Bonds has been in the Port Orchard bail bonds business for over four decades. Established in 1978, Arnold’s has proven, professional experience to write bonds anywhere in the state. If you are looking for bail bonds near me, there are licensed and bonded agents available in Port Orchard 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
For over 40 years, Arnold’s has been working in Port Orchard helping criminal defendants with all types of bonds. Because of our reputation and expertise, there is no problem writing large bonds and we can help in just about any situation.
The bail bondsmen at Arnold’s are knowledgeable, helpful and courteous. We treat all clients with respect and adhere to the highest level of professional and ethical standards. Located across the bay from the Puget Sound Naval Shipyard, we are conveniently located to serve the military and Naval Shipyard employees.
We can answer any question or concern and in most cases bail can be paid over the telephone. We can also provide jail and bail information, for anyone incarcerated in Port Orchard, Kitsap County or surrounding areas.
Arnold’s takes great pride in the relationships that we have developed in the Port Orchard community. This trust has been earned due to the confidential handling of numerous cases over the years and our efficient and discreet services.
Let us help to release your family member, friend or coworker from the Kitsap County jail and to make it as easy and hassle-free as possible.Proposed police station cuts: Ottery coverage pledge
POLICE coverage in Ottery will be totally unaffected by proposed cuts in station opening times, says Sergeant Simon Tennant. The Herald revealed last week opening hours at Ottery police station could be cut from nine a week to six to save cash in a fo
POLICE coverage in Ottery will be "totally unaffected" by proposed cuts in station opening times, says Sergeant Simon Tennant.
The Herald revealed last week opening hours at Ottery police station could be cut from nine a week to six to save cash in a force-wide review.
The town was handed its first ever part-time enquiry officer in October last year, when a new Broad Street police base opened.
Tracey Colletti is drafted in from Honiton to man the station's front desk from 9.30am to 12.30pm on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.
Devon and Cornwall Constabulary is carrying out a force-wide review of front-desk opening hours.
"It is looking at when we open the front door to allow members of the public to come in and make reports, and when people want stations open and for how long," said Sgt Tenn
"Some mornings (in Ottery) we have one visitor and some we have six or seven."
"It needs to be enforced this is only a consultation document, it absolutely does not affect everything else. Police coverage will be totally unaffected.
"Even if it does end up open for six hours instead of nine, the new station (in Broad Street) more available than the old one.Wuxi and Ulsan, South Korea signed to become sister cities on September 27, 2014.
Located in the southeastern part of the Korean Peninsula, Ulsan spans an area of 1,057 kilometers, 1.74 times of its capital Seoul. Its population is 1.16million, ranked the seventh in the country.
With friendly climate and geographic conditions, Ulson is a harbor city linked with other harbors includingUlson, Onsan and Bangeojin in Ulsan-man. Taehwagang River runs through Ulsan.
Being an industrial capital of South Korea, Ulsan’s GDP per capital is over $50,000, more than double the two times of the average national GDP by 2012. Some giant firms are located in Ulsan, such as Hyundai Motor Manufactory, Hyundai Heavy Industries’ manufacturing site, the largest shipyard in the world, as well as SK Energy Co. Ltd., the largest petroleum firm in South Korea.WEDNESDAY PHOTO SLIDE:
Foundation laying of CAN’s Marquee project, christened: “HOLY TABERNACLE EVENT CENTRE” – Friday, 24th September, 2021
Let us take you through a picture slide of this throw-back event.
In attendance were: Rev. (Dr.) Samson Supo Ayokunle, CAN President, Barr. Daramola Joseph Bade, CAN General Secretary, Apostle ‘Biodun Sanyaolu, Assistant General Secretary; and other National and state officers of the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN).
Backups and Archives
Computer errors and software failures happen occasionally so it is important to backup your files and documents.
One simple way to backup your files is to copy them to a backup disk. If there are only a few small files a usb drive will work but if you are backing up lots of large files a cd/dvd burner, a flash drive, or a second drive may be needed. You can use a software program to do automate backups or do it manually. A manual backup usually involves dragging the files or folders to the backup disk to create the duplicate backup. There are various methods of automated backup systems including disk imaging which duplicates the entire contents of your disk and incremental backups which duplicates all changes. Most large scale backup systems include redundant array of independent disks (RAID), continuous data protection (CDP) and/or replication.
There are also online backup systems that provide space to store your backup files using the internet or cloud service.
Store your backup files in a safe place out of the sun and away from electromagnetic devices such as speakers and wires with strong electrical currents.
Every file that you create and plan to keep should be backed up. This includes word processing documents, financial information, databases, address books, photos, etc...
Some less obvious files that also need to be backed up are email and Internet Favorites or Bookmarks. Check the help files in your email program on how to back up email. Generally each folder name in your email program is a file containing the individual email messages and copying these files to the backup disk should be sufficient. Software preferences such as customized menus and settings can also be backed up. Check your software's help files to find out where these files are located.
Software companies change the way that files are used as they come up with newer versions. As new versions of your software programs are installed make sure that the new program version can handle the older file format on your backup. It may be necessary to save your content using the newest format and back the files up again. Keep details about your backups so that you can retrieve the most current version.. If the files are not critical a weekly backup may be all that is needed. It is impossible to determine when a system failure will occur so it is better be cautious.
It is also a good idea to store a copy of your critical files in another location in the event of a catastrophe. files.
Archives and Compression
Much of the software you buy or download off the Internet is Compressed and/or Archived. Computers store information in bytes which are made up of on or off signals. The software applications that use these files need to have all the on and off signals (bytes) in place but when the file or files are compress the files can be modified to take up less space on the storage disk or device.
Archives can be used to keep multiple files together in a single file.
There are commercial and shareware programs that will compress, decompress and archive files. Some popular form of data compression are zip, tar, gz and stuffit though there are many others available.
Programs are also available to compress and decompress your files as you, or the application you are using, require them. This can be a way of making more space available on a hard drive.
Storing multiple files in a single file can then be store, backed up or copied to another device. Archives can be used to compress and send multiple files through email. Archives can also be used to transfer files that can't normally be sent through email.
Last updated: February 18, 2021Antenna not sure what is wrong with your HP Slate 8 pro tablet, go to the troubleshooting page to read over the most common issues experienced with the tablet. HP Slate 8 Pro troubleshooting page.
Background and Identification
The HP Slate 8 Pro is an 8" Android tablet created by HP in 2013. This tablet can be identified by the HP logo and name located on the back panel.
Specifications
Device Name: HP Slate 8 Pro.
Model Number: 7600US.
Release Date: December 2013
Distinguishing Features: Android OS, v4 .2.2 (Jelly Bean)
There are no current recalls for this tablet.
Ports
- 1 micro USB 2.0
- 1 micro HDMI
- 1 3.5 mm stereo headset/headphone/microphone jack
- Slots: 1 microSD
Audio
Beats Audio™ with integrated stereo speakers; 3.5 mm headphone jack and digital microphone; Integrated microphone
Camera and Microphone
Integrated camera: 720p camera (front-facing); 8 MP auto-focus with LED flash and HD video recording (rear-facing)
System features
-
Dimensions and weight
- Weight: Weight will vary by configuration.
- Dimensions (w x d x h): 8.66 x 5.57 x 0.39 in (220 x 141.5 x 9.9 mm)
- Weight: Starting at 1 lb (Starting at 453.59 g)
Memory and internal storage
Memory: 1 GB 800 MHz LPDDR3 SDRAM
Internal Storage: 16 GB eMMC SSD
Graphics and display
8" diagonal multi-touch WVA (1600 x 1200) protected by Corning® Gorilla® Glass 3
Power and operating requirements
Power supply: 10 W AC adapter
Battery type: 2 cell, 21 WHr Li-ion polymer
Battery life: Up to 11 hours and 30 minutes video playbackThree weeks after Christmas the retail market is still reporting a mixed bag of trading for what is, for the majority, the most important trading period of the year.
According to the British Retail Consortium UK retail sales values rose 2.2% on a like for like basis against December 2010 – the best sales performance of the year since the previous January.
While the figures were better than many had dared to hope the BRC also warned that they were of little surprise as snow in December 2010 had badly hampered shoppers ability to shop and that the final week of the year was also boosted by other one off factors such as an extra day’s trading and heavy discounting. It warned retailers not to take the figures as indications of a change in consumer confidence.
But for some retailers the season has brought good news. The likes of Debenhams, Ted Baker, Blue Inc, New Look, House of Fraser and Superdrug all reported good sales uplifts although again these are against weak comparatives for the previous year.
But for other retailers such as Argos and even Tesco the Christmas trading period wasn’t quite so rosy, with Tesco’s revelation of poor trading knocking £5 million from its value last week.
And as unsurprisingly in the current climate there have some major casualties amidst the flurry of trading update with administration deals for shoe chain Barratts Priceless collapsing into administration ahead of Christmas and sales of La Senza to Alshaya and Blacks Leisure to JD Sports after their post Christmas administrations. D2 and Hawkin’s Bazaar also collapsed and in this week alone it has also been revealed that Past Times has gone into administration and that value chain Peacocks faces the same fate after its bank pulled funding on the chain this week.
For December 2011 value as ever remained high on shoppers minds with QD Stores this week reporting its best ever Christmas with a 5.7% like for like sales rise for the five weeks to Christmas Eve.
And as expected it was discounts that brought the bargain hunters out in force post Christmas too with record numbers hitting the stores for Boxing Day as customers battled to snap up the bargains.
And there was also good news for savvy savers in the last couple of weeks. This week the Office of National Statistics revealed that its measure of annual inflation – the CPI - had fallen for the month with the biggest drop in more than three years since November to December 2008. The figure was down from 4.8% in November to 4.2 % in December 2011 with falls in petrol gas and clothing largely responsible for the change.
Earlier this month the BRC-Nielsen Shop Price Index for December 2011 revealed the lowest shop price inflation for 16 months – down to 1.7% for the month compared to 2% the previous month. The fall was, according to the BRC driven largely by price cuts in electricals, clothing and footwear where prices were all cheaper than last year and led to BRC director general Stephen Robertson praising the efforts retailers are making to keep costs down for customers. He said that the competition within the sector had let to a “blizzard of promotions and discounts” ahead of Christmas which had helped struggling families. He warned however that customers would be reining in their spend post-Christmas.
So while it seems that Christmas may not have been the turkey many were expecting the Christmas blowout came for many – but retailers and customers are likely to be paying for it with tighter grips on the purse-strings well into 2012.Rekordbox DJ 2022 Crack + Torrent Key Free For [Mac/Windows]
Rekordbox DJ Crack has amazing features and effects that you always expect from professional DJ software. It provides you seamless control on your fingertips.
Rekordbox DJ Crack 2022 Crack latest includes the ability to create music according to the mode. By using this software, you can rock the atmosphere of marriage, college/school, and friends party.
Useful Aspects Of Rekordbox DJ 6.5.3 Crack Download (Mac/Win)
Furthermore, the Rekordbox DJ Crack the newbies as well as professional music developers.
Key Features of Rekordbox DJ Cracked:
- Rekordbox DJ cracked provides you low latency scratch control and sound.
- It offers you unlimited effects to take your music to the next level.
- In addition, it helps you to put the video of your track in the show.
- Also, this software allows you to add lyrics to your music with visual effects.
- Moreover, it has the ability to capture a snapshot of each track’s album art.
- It integrates with all industry standards and provides you full control at your fingertips.
- This software provides you plug and play access across all your players.
- Similarly, it has the ability to manage your tracks library.
- It provides you a wide range of creative and customized tools for music.
- Above all, this software provides a smooth and stylish environment for DJs.
- It also helps you to mix different songs to compose a mashup.
What’s the Latest in Rekordbox DJ Crack?.3)
GCS83-HCSL8-TC4JF-NT2CY-JF7BT
System Rekordbox DJ Crack?
- Start by downloading the trial version of Rekordbox DJ Crack
- Thanks For Downloading:)
Rekordbox DJ Crack 6.5.3 With License Key [2022-Latest] Here From Bigcracks Links Given Below!
Official Link | Download LinkPolicy Guidelines
Churches for Middle East Peace (CMEP) is organized to educate and give witness to principles of peace and justice in the Middle East on behalf of its religious constituencies by advocating public policy positions that seek to:
1. Pursue a negotiated and durable resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian crisis in which Israelis and Palestinians realize the vision of a just peace, which illuminates human dignity and cultivates thriving relationships.
CMEP supports a negotiated solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict based in justice, peace, and human rights, and guided by international law and conventions. The solution must include an end to the violence, security for all peoples, an end to the Israeli occupation of Palestinian lands, and an agreement on Jerusalem that allows the city to be shared by the two peoples and three faiths.
Israel: CMEP supports a secure state of Israel. We have long believed the best way to achieve long term security for Israel is through a negotiated two-state solution as part of a comprehensive Middle East peace. CMEP recognizes that Israelis have legitimate security concerns.
Palestine: CMEP supports the creation of an independent, secure, and viable Palestinian state living in peace alongside a recognized and secure Israel. CMEP recognizes that Palestinians too have legitimate security concerns, as well as economic and human rights concerns.
We believe that working towards a just and durable.
CMEP believes that U.S. engagement to help resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict requires leadership of the administration, accompanied by bipartisan support from Congress and U.S. public opinion. CMEP urges members of Congress to support sustained and high-level diplomatic action by the administration to urge Israeli-Palestinian peacemaking, together with a comprehensive Israeli-Arab peace initiative, as a top policy priority. CMEP supports robust U.S. diplomacy with both Israelis and Palestinians to bring the two parties together for negotiations and a resolution of the conflict.
For decades CMEP has pursued a vision of two viable states, Israel and Palestine, living side-by-side in peace within secure and recognized borders. We remain supportive of these efforts, as it could be a basis for a negotiated, just, and durable solution for peace between Israelis and Palestinians. It is also grounded in international law, including UNSCR 1850 and previous resolutions. CMEP realizes that other just and durable solutions for peace may be possible, and would support them if they are freely negotiated by the acknowledged representatives of Israelis and Palestinians.
CMEP believes a negotiated, just, and durable peace between Israelis and Palestinians needs a negotiated, just, and durable solution for Palestinian refugees, both inside and outside Israel/Palestine, as per UNSCR 242. The U.S. government can and should assist the several governments and authorities involved to reach these solutions, solutions that will also contribute to the wider regional peace we seek. The U.S. should continue contributing to UNRWA until such comprehensive solutions are implemented.
2. Pursue an end to the Israeli occupation of East Jerusalem, the West Bank, and the Gaza Strip, to promote a solution that advances security and self-determination for Israelis and Palestinians.
CMEP advocates for the end of the occupation in East Jerusalem, the West Bank, and Gaza. CMEP opposes the existence and the expansion of Israeli settlements, which are illegal according to the Geneva Conventions and UNSCR 2334. CMEP also opposes the related settler-only bypass roads that create severe limitations on Palestinian self-determination, freedom of movement, and economic activity. These and other aspects of the occupation make a negotiated, just, and durable peace more difficult.
CMEP also advocates for an end to the blockade and closure of Gaza. Since before 2006, the political and humanitarian crisis in Gaza has become an urgent problem for the two million Palestinians living there. The blockade limits the import of basic necessities and materials desperately needed to rebuild after repeated wars in Gaza. The restrictions on travel have limited Palestinians’ access to health care, religious holy sites, and educational institutions outside of the Gaza Strip.
CMEP also strongly condemns all violence, regardless of the perpetrator.
3. Recognize settlements as illegal and an impediment to peace and ensure accountability for settlement policies that disregard legal restraints and international consensus. Oppose all unilateral annexations.
The continuing occupation of Palestinian lands beyond the 1967 borders, and measures and laws that continue to constrain and control the Palestinian population, all in contravention of the Universal Declaration on Human Rights, must end. These actions prevent economic and social development and constrain the exercise of political rights. Our nation needs to focus on bringing a new sense of equality, inclusivity, and mutual respect among all the citizens of the Land regardless of religious affiliation or ethnicity.
CMEP also opposes Israeli annexation of the occupied Palestinian territories, whether partial or full, and especially any U.S. support for it. Annexation of any kind undermines efforts to reach a negotiated solution, and thus are also obstacles to a just or durable peace.
The existence and continuing expansion of Israeli settlements on Palestinian lands run counter to the Fourth Geneva Convention and UNSCRs 2334, 465, and 446. They increasingly dim the hopes and realistic prospects for a two-state solution and are a major threat to peace. CMEP:
- Opposes all settlement expansions, and is particularly monitoring demolitions and construction that would isolate Palestinian population areas, such as between Bethlehem and Hebron;
- Opposes policies that have as their objective changing the ethnic character of neighborhoods in Jerusalem;
- Opposes the existence and completion of the separation barrier/wall on Palestinian land, including the barrier across the Cremisan Valley, separating the valley owned by Palestinian Christian families and institutions from Beit Jala and Bethlehem;
- Opposes unilateral “land grabs” or unilateral designations of “state lands” by Israel; and
- Supports a U.S. declaration that settlements and unilateral land expropriations are “illegal,” not just “illegitimate” in the spirit of UN Security Council Resolution 2334.
4. Promote a shared Jerusalem by Palestinians and Israelis, as well as full access to the Holy Sites of the three religious communities — Jews, Christians, and Muslims – by those who call them holy.
CMEP supports the sharing of Jerusalem by the two peoples and the three faiths and urges the Administration to work with Israelis, Palestinians, and the international community to guarantee access to Jerusalem’s holy places and religious liberty for all peoples.
We believe that unilateral actions in East Jerusalem and incitement to violence create tensions that undermine trust and make resuming meaningful negotiations more difficult. Such unilateral actions and incitement threaten religious freedom.
5. Recognize the religious importance of the Middle East to Jews, Christians, Muslims, and others; to protect the religious freedom of all as well as support measures to ensure the viability of the historic Christian community in Palestine, Israel, and the entire region.
CMEP is concerned for religious freedom and access to holy sites for all religions. While CMEP and its member communions are concerned for all, we as churches and church-related organizations have a natural and particular connection and felt concern to Christian communities in Israel-Palestine and the broader Middle East. As the years pass without a peace agreement, lack of freedom of movement, deterioration of local economies, and the realities of the occupation drive Palestinian Christians to emigrate in large numbers. Through our supporters, CMEP consistently brings Palestinian Christians’ plight and hopes of peace to the attention of lawmakers and policymakers in Congress and the White House.
Palestinian Christians: CMEP has a special connection to the Palestinian Christians, their churches, and institutions and has long expressed concern that a healthy future for this community requires a negotiated resolution of the conflict. The indigenous Christian community is increasingly emigrating due to ongoing political and economic instability and the burdens of occupation. CMEP emphasizes the important role that Christians have to play in prospects for pluralism, religious freedom, and democracy in Palestinian society and throughout the region. CMEP maintains an ongoing dialogue with Congress and the Administration about actions by both Israeli and Palestinian governments that have a detrimental effect on the dwindling Christian community. CMEP raises serious moral concerns about the impact of particular Israeli measures (including checkpoints, permit systems, route of the security barrier, travel restrictions, residency requirements, home demolitions, and closures).
Middle East Christians: CMEP is very concerned about the rise of extremism that targets Christians and religious minorities in the Middle East. We are especially concerned about the impact of recent events on Christian communities and others in Syria, Iraq, and Egypt. CMEP is committed to the building of inclusive societies based on citizenship rights where persons of all religions can live together in harmony and peace and calls on the U.S. government to support political solutions that can secure such a reality.
6. Promote restorative justice, trauma healing, and multi-level peacebuilding efforts with a particular recognition of the contribution and role of women.
A lasting and sustainable peace requires a negotiated settlement and political process that also integrates robust restorative, trauma-healing, and peacebuilding activities. Religious traditions contain many resources for this work in their scriptures, traditions, and within the life of their faith communities. We will call for more investment in these peacebuilding approaches.
Culturally sensitive restorative processes focus on the harm done and how to heal that harm. Effective practices include victim-offender conferencing, family conferencing, peacemaking circles with a broader set of key stakeholders, as well as truth and reconciliation commissions. These processes better meet the needs of all parties, better reduce recidivism, address underlying causes of harm, build trust, and ensure a more sustainable just peace.
Women have played a critical role in global peacebuilding initiatives and often are underrecognized and underutilized. There are specific initiatives seeking to elevate the role of women in conflict situations such as the efforts of the Young Women’s Christian Association (YWCA) of Palestine and other similar organizations.
7. In order to defend free speech and religious liberty, uphold the right of churches and organizations to find appropriate and various ways to end unjust practices and policies that violate international laws and conventions, including exerting economic leverage on commercial and government actors.
As an organization composed of churches and church-related bodies, we maintain strong support for free speech and religious liberty. As part of this support, we affirm and defend the right of churches and organizations to witness using economic measures in the specific case of Israel-Palestine, and endeavoring to find appropriate ways to exert economic leverage on commercial and governmental actors to end unfair and unjust practices and policies which violate international laws and conventions. Such actions have precedence among churches in the U.S. Civil Rights Movement and in many other times and locations.
8. Support the right for engagement in nonviolent resistance while raising concerns about all forms of violence regardless of actor.
CMEP member communions are united in raising concerns about the use of violence and the effects of this violence on communities, the region, and the possibility of a lasting and just peace. Despite differences between just peace, just war, or pacifist theology and ethics of violence, together we recognize the many powerful, effective, and humanizing efforts of nonviolent resistance to challenge unjust situations.
9. Encourage negotiated, just, and peaceful resolutions to conflicts in the region and the demilitarization of conflict.
CMEP has welcomed the Arab League Peace Initiative as a hopeful development and opportunity for increased regional dialogue and diplomacy. CMEP believes that U.S. national security interests and Middle East stability will be strengthened by a resolution of the Arab-Israeli-Palestinian conflict. CMEP believes a just, lasting, and comprehensive peace will require agreements for peace between Israel and all its Arab neighbors, including normalization of relations as foreseen in the Arab League peace initiative.
CMEP also is concerned about other conflicts in the region, including the potential for war, and promotes diplomacy, peacebuilding, and demilitarization as ways to resolve all of the region’s conflicts.
10. Encourage needs- and rights-based development and humanitarian assistance to reduce inequality and promote human dignity, especially in the West Bank and Gaza while ensuring access and protection for aid agencies and others.
CMEP believes that engagement from the United States and other nations to help resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict requires humanitarian assistance and commitment to equitable development in order to foster reform and contribute to building stable institutions and a thriving civil society for Palestinians. CMEP supports robust U.S. development and humanitarian aid to the Palestinian people, including via NGOs, as a critical component to creating a climate conducive to progress toward peace.
The U.S. government should deliver aid directly and through trusted non-government organizations including faith-based organizations, and never use humanitarian aid as a political instrument.
The Christian community is well known for providing a range of services including schools, hospitals, clinics, social services, and economic development projects. We have a responsibility to encourage and facilitate the delivery of humanitarian assistance into and within the territories to alleviate suffering and advocate for a just peace for all people in the region.
11. Respect for human rights of all in the region, including refugees and displaced people, based on full observance of the Geneva Conventions and other international law agreements.
CMEP believes all parties should be held accountable for human rights violations to the full extent of the law. The Middle East is experiencing record numbers of refugees and displaced persons. Their rights must be respected and protected in accordance with the United Nations General Assembly Resolution 302 (IV) of 8 December 1949, which established the UN Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees (UNRWA), as well as the 1951 Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees and its 1967 Protocol.
CMEP opposes the acquisition of land by force, economic exploitation, illegal settlement construction, and the inhumane treatment of Palestinian people in contravention of the Universal Declaration on Human Rights and the Geneva Conventions.
12. CMEP opposes anti-Semitic, anti-Christian, and anti-Islamic actions and all other forms of racism or bigotry in rhetoric or actions that dehumanize, stereotype, or incite distrust or violence toward anyone.
We encourage civil society and community leaders and politicians to take a strong stand against anti-Semitic, anti-Christian, and anti-Islamic actions. As humans and as Christians, we must exemplify our love for our neighbor and speak out against injustice and hate.
Anti-Semitic Actions
We oppose all forms of anti-Semitism towards the Jewish people and are alarmed by the
increased attacks against the Jewish community and other minority groups in the United States and abroad. CMEP maintains the notion that criticism or opposition to Israeli policies is not inherently anti-Semitic. By conflating anti-Semitism with legitimate critiques of Israeli policies, it devalues the issue of anti-Semitism and the real threat anti-Semitism poses.
Anti-Islamic Actions
Especially since 2001, Muslims in the United States have experienced increased discrimination, marginalization, hatred, and exclusion from American Society. CMEP opposes all forms of anti-Islamic actions and stands against inflammatory rhetoric, discriminatory actions, and negative behavior toward Muslims and people from Muslim-majority countries.
Anti-Christian Actions
In recent years, there has been an alarming surge in anti-Christian actions against Christians living in Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories. CMEP opposes all forms of discrimination against Christians and condemns the hate crimes and desecration of holy sites. CMEP stands with Church Leaders and Christians in the Holy Land in solidarity against anti-Christian attacks and calls on community leaders and politicians to advocate for religious freedom and protection for all people in the region.
Updated July 2020
Back to Policy Positions.Federation starships, even Captain’s Yachts, have dedication plaques which bear the name of the vessel, its class, its shipyard of origin, lists of Starfleet officers involved in building the vessel, as well as the ship’s motto.
The ship’s motto could be drawn from quotations by famous historical figures, songs and lines in a play, or even made up. There are many serious and not-so-serious examples of dedication plaques on record, such as the U.S.S. Sao Paulo‘s “Give me Liberty or give me death…“, to the U.S.S. Brattain‘s motto “…a three hour tour, a three hour tour” drawn from Gilligan’s Island. The most famous, of course, is the U.S.S. Enterprise‘s “…to boldly go where no man has gone before.” One motto, “No matter wherever you go, there you are“, has been used by several ships (the U.S.S. Excelsior, U.S.S. Hathaway, and the U.S.S. Phoenix). Even Mirror Universe ships, like the I.S.S. Avenger, had a motto: “Dedicated to serve the Emperor“.
A ship’s motto could be an opportunity to distinguish your starship from others, with a quotation that gives the ship something akin to a Value.
When my players were constructing their starship, they found only one Starship Trait (Federation Starship) worked, as the few examples in the book didn’t quite fit their ship concept. Since a starting ship could have up to three Traits in total, I’m giving them an option to pick the ship’s motto and use it as a Trait: Fitting Motto.
If a ship has Fitting Motto, the crew is known for adhering to the principles of their ship’s motto. For example, if the U.S.S. Sao Paulo has Fitting Motto, then the ship and crew are known to be champions of freedom. But that could be a positive or a negative, depending on the situation and how the crew acts. If the Sao Paulo allowed a slaver ship to leave without confrontation, for instance, then others who hear of the incident may react negatively. But live up to the motto, and perhaps it works to the crew’s advantage.
Of course, not every motto works in this respect, and new ships may have to undergo some missions before gaining such a reputation. But hopefully player groups can enjoy picking a motto for their ship, and try to live up to the ideal embodied in the quotation. Even if the ship does not use this new trait, it should give the ship some additional personality.
I present two tables below, if your group can’t think of a quotation and would like to roll a d20 instead. The first is a set of 20 known mottos. The second are 20 new quotations. But it will probably be most satisfying for a group to come up with their own motto.
What is your starship’s motto?
Known Mottos (roll d20)
New Mottos (roll d20)
Exceptional article, Tony. Now I have to have my team come up with a motto…or use one of yours.About this book
My library
Books on Google Play
The holy land of friendship, [and forbearing] To talk your wants.–Fie! 6 The 4to reads
in forsaking The holy land of friendship in forsaking, &c.] There can, I think, be no question but the last two words in the second line were inadvertently copied from the first at the press. I have given what may be supposed the sense of the original expression; the words themselves are irrecoverable.
By trial of extremes; to youth and beauty Baits for dishonour, and a perish'd fame.
Aur. Shew;
ruin; but propose No shelter for her honour: what my tongue Hath utter'd, Avia, presents to Adurni.
Adur. With her own hand ?
Fut. She never used, my lord, A second means, but kiss'd the letter first, O'erlook'd the superscription; then let fall Some amorous drops, kiss'd it again, talk'd to it Twenty times over, set it to her mouth, Then gave
me, then snatch'd it back again, Then cry'd, “Oh, my poor heart!” and, in an in
stant, “ Commend my truth and secrecy.” Such medley Of passion yet I never saw in woman.
Adur. In woman? thou’rt deceiv’d; but that; “and yet, Quoth she, “since 'tis [in] very deed unfit All should be equals, so I must confess, It were good justice that the properest men Should be preferr'd to fortune, such as nature Had mark'd with fair abilities; of which Genoa, for aught I know, hath wondrous few, Not two to boast of.”
Adur. Here began her itch. Fut. I answer'd, she was happy then, whose
choice In you, my lord, was singular.
Adur. Well urg'd, Fut. She smiled, and said, it might be so; and
yetThere stopp’d: then I closed with her, and con
cluded The title of a lord was not enough, For absolute perfection; I had seen Persons of meaner quality, much more Exact in fair endowments—but your lordship Will pardon me, I hope.Serve these sweet little gluten-free lemon bars with vanilla ice-cream for a deliciously zingy dessert.
12 Ingredients
- 100g (1/2 cup) caster sugar
- 75g (1/2 cup) gluten free plain flour
- 55g (1/2 cup) almond meal
- 45g (1/2 cup) desiccated coconut
- 100g unsalted butter, melted
- Pure icing sugar, sifted, to dust
- Small lemon slices and whipped cream, to decorate (optional)
Filling
- 4 eggs
- 35g (1/4 cup) gluten-free plain flour
- 215g (1 cup) caster sugar
- 1 lemon, rind finely grated
- 125ml (1/2 cup) fresh lemon juice
4 Method Steps
- Preheat oven to 180°C/160°C fan forced. Line a 16 x 26cm (base measurement) slice pan with baking paper, allowing the sides to overhang.
- Combine the sugar, flour, almond meal and coconut in a bowl. Add the melted butter and stir until well combined. Press firmly into prepared pan and smooth the surface. Bake for 15 minutes or until light golden.
- To make the filling, whisk the eggs, flour and sugar in a medium bowl until smooth. Whisk in the lemon rind and juice.
- Carefully pour filling over the base. Bake for 20-25 minutes or until filling is set. Set aside to cool completely in the pan before cutting into bars and dusting with icing sugar. Decorate with small lemon slices and piped whipped cream, if using.
Video can be accessed at source link below.Is there a way to print a stack trace from an application built in PSoC Creator IDE? Similar to backtrace() in Linux
Thanks
gpsot,
I'm not aware that there is one in Creator.
However as a substitute you can use the Microsoft snipping tool to grab a graphical image of the Call stack.
If needed you might find a OCR to text converter app to go from graphical to text..
Bonanza Creek, reported on June 10, that during loading activities near Kersey, at the tank battery an oil hauler overfilled the tank, resulting in a a spill of three barrels of oil that were released outside containment. When the release was discovered, the trucker immediately shut down the transfer and called for response equipment. The impacted soil is being excavated and hauled for disposal at a licensed facility.
Whiting Oil and Gas Corporation, reported on June 9, near New Raymer a surge in a well tank caused a tank to overflow resulting in the loss of approximately six barrels of produced water and two barrels of oil. Due to rainfall the ground was wet and all liquids, including the rainfall, were removed via vacuum truck to maximum extent possible.
PDC Energy Inc., reported on Dec. 18, 2013, that a historic release was discovered during removal of buried produced water vessel at a tank battery, in Weld County.
Kerr McGee Oil and Gas Onshore LP, reported on June 4, that a flowline failure was discovered due to a surface release being observed by a third party near Fort Lupton. Laboratory results for confirmation soil samples indicate that TPH and BTEX concentrations exceed the COGCC allowable levels at the current extent of excavation. Additional soil and groundwater samples will be collected from the excavation upon completion of excavation activities.
PDC Energy, reported on Jan. 16, 2014, in Greeley, that a historical release was discovered during the removal of the buried water vessel at a tank battery site.
Whiting Oil and Gas Corporation, reported on June 4, near New Raymer, that a flowline between the battery and the well head failed resulting in the loss of less than 20 barrels of oil and approximately seven produced water barrels.
Kerr McGee Oil and Gas Onshore LP, reported on June 4, that soil with petroleum hydrocarbon impacts was encountered beneath the water tank. Additional soil and ground water samples will be collected from the excavation.
Kerr McGee Oil and Gas Onshore LP, reported on June 3, near Fort Lupton, that soil with historical petroleum hydrocarbon impacts were encountered around the abandoned dumplines while deconstructing a tank battery. There was no indication that the current dumplines, water tank or fittings were leaking. The volume of release is unknown.
Kerr McGee oil and Gas On Shore, reported on May 29, that a release was discovered during routine site inspection at a flow line. The flow line was immediately shut in, flushed and capped following the discovery. Excavation of impacted soil was conducted on May 28. The site was located in Weld County.
Encana Oil and Gas, reported on May 29, that a valve to a hopper was left in open position, while filling the trip tank with drilling mud, in Firestone. This allowed the mud to flow from the trip tank back through the hopper and overflow onto the ground and surrounding equipment. The spill was contained on site and the valve was shut upon recovery.Connecting Chinese and Global Glass Industry
Post Time：Aug 21,2009Classify:Company NewsView：399
On August 13, No.1 furnace undertook by Shandong Huapeng Heze Co., Ltd succeed in reaching the production, which meant that the first phrase of the project was successfully put into production.
Due to full arrangement, since the first phrase of the project was successfully fired, the work had been proceed smoothly. The employee operated in strict accordance with the provisions. On August 9, the company put big fire and added materials the second day. No.1 furnace succeed in reaching the production was contributed to the all staff’s efforts.
Source: GlassInChinaAuthor: shangyi
PrevIRICO Group planed to invest 10 billion yuan to establish glass substrate factory
Jinshi Peak Machinery: the manufacturer of horizontal tempered furnace NextThis is an interesting time of the year. It’s a time to reflect, look back over the last 12 months and consider our successes, our failures, where we are, and where we want to go. It’s a time to think about the wants and needs of others. But it’s also a time to consider what we really want for ourselves.
As I look back on my own life, I remember a time some years ago when, financially, I could have anything I wanted. Well, not anything, but most things; the cost wasn’t much of a concern.
But something happens when the cost of an item isn’t the issue. If having something isn’t difficult then you stop being satisfied with what you have and start to want the more expensive, “better” things instead. Sure, I could buy regular golf clubs or the less expensive paintball guns for my kids, but why would I when I could afford the “better” ones? After all, didn’t I deserve the best?
I don’t think I was lacking gratitude—after all, I worked hard for my income. However, I did fall into the trap of believing that a better something meant an overall better and more content life.
Things Don’t Last Forever
Fast forward. After my divorce, my life was different. Despite working full-time as a physician, I found my financial self where I was in college—renting a bedroom for 500 dollars a month. Early on in the transition, there were several times I struggled to even come up with that humble amount. Some days I climbed into my old Suburban with 400,000 miles and pray I’d make it the ten-mile commute to work.
During this time, there were a lot of things I wanted—and I would have been thrilled with even the cheapest version—but now those things were out of my reach. But ya know, I learned something—the best thing about losing everything is having the opportunity to discover not just what you kinda sorta want, but what you really, truly want.
Know the Difference
Turns out, as much I enjoyed the nice house, the pricier golf clubs, and never having to worry about the cost of something, I’d been using those things to avoid focusing on what I needed most of all: myself and the life I truly wanted. Were those golf clubs going to give real meaning to my life, or were they just there to distract me for a few minutes before moving on? I think you know the answer.
This Christmas, I encourage you to consider what gift you really want for yourself—what gift would give your life real meaning. Perhaps, rather than golf clubs, a new tie, an expensive purse, or a remodeled kitchen it’s:
- a more challenging, fulfilling, or flexible career
- a healthier body that you like seeing when you look in the mirror
- a loving and caring relationship with a special person or stregthening your current realtionship
- more money in savings
- to do something that makes a positive change for others and ourselves
Probably, in order to give yourself this gift, you’ll need to make some changes or take some risks. And what better day to start than today! Don’t wait until January 1st to make your resolution. After all, there is no time like the present for us to have the life we really want versus buying comfort for the life we’re unhappy with. So this Christmas, go ahead and give yourself the most important gift of all: live your value one choice at a time.
Never Miss A Post!
Subscribe now and have every new article delivered right to your inbox!
Be Faithful
In their city stood a temple dedicated to the Roman Emperor Tiberius, a constant reminder to the believers in Smyrna of the spiritual battleground on which they lived. Likely because of this temple, the Romans made Smyrna the seat of their “Caesar-cult” and did everything possible to squelch the testimony of Christ in the city.[1] … Continue reading Be Faithful
Are You Able?
Maybe I could call her the first helicopter parent, but I’ll just call her Mama Zebedee. I don’t know if she tagged along with Jesus’ band of disciples everywhere, or if she just showed up one day to make her bold request. She knew her boys, James and John, were part of Jesus’ inner circle … Continue reading Are You Able?
The Gospel Is the Power of God
I sing the mighty power of God that made the mountains rise, that spread the flowing seas abroad and built the lofty skies. We sing the wisdom that ordained the sun to rule the day; the moon shines full at his command, and all the stars obey.1 Mountains, stars, and seas certainly proclaim the omnipotence of our Creator. Who among us hasn’t … Continue reading The Gospel Is the Power of God
Speaking Truth in Love in a Culture of Outrage
They stormed the walls of Jerusalem as if they were made of straw, and then proceeded to have their way with her, ransacking the temple and taking captive the strongest, most attractive, and most promising young men who would never again see the faces of those they loved most. The judgment of God upon His … Continue reading Speaking Truth in Love in a Culture of Outrage
Screwtape’s Four Types of Humor
I
God’s Grace After a Fall

Find Hope in the God of All
Let’s face it. Life is hard, and it seems to be getting harder all the time. Whether you’re a work-from-home parent faced with homeschooling kids weary of virtual learning or you’re grieving the loss of a loved one or facing a medical battle of your own or just burdened by the events unfolding in the … Continue reading Find Hope in the God of All?
Afflicted in Faithfulness
Pardon for sin, and a peace that endureth,Thine own dear presence to cheer and to guide,Strength for today and bright hope for tomorrow:Blessings all mine, with ten thousand beside! Great is Thy faithfulness! Twentieth century poet, Thomas Chisolm, who penned these beloved words, reminds us of just a handful of the blessings believers enjoy because … Continue reading Afflicted in Faithfulness?
Filled with Contempt
The online Merriam-Webster dictionary defines contempt as “the act of despising”; “the state of being despised”; or “a lack of reverence for something.”[1] This definition seems tailor-made for many of our interactions today. Whether on social media, mainstream media, or city streets, our society has fallen in love with contempt. That should hardly come as … Continue reading Filled with Contempt
What Are You Pursuing in 2021?
Frank?
Favorite Books of 2020: Part 2
I wrote my halfway-point list of favorite books back at the end of June. (You can check it out here.) Therefore, what follows is my list of favorites that I have read since then, not necessarily the best of the entire year. I enjoy tracking my reading and looking back at what my 5-star reads … Continue reading Favorite Books of 2020: Part 2
Seated in the Heavenly Places
As a native of Wyoming, I have stood on my share of mountain peaks. I’ve hiked to some and driven to more, but I have never been at the top of a mountain and had a member of my group suddenly rise into the sky in the midst of the clouds and vanish from sight. … Continue reading Seated in the Heavenly Places
Every Spiritual Blessing
Perhaps, … Continue reading Every Spiritual Blessing
The 400-Year Famine
Canaan. The Promised Land. The land flowing with milk and honey. For any agrarian society, having fertile and fruitful land means wealth and security. A threat to the land is a threat to a nation’s livelihood. Therefore, land was a fitting reward for God’s obedient people, and the removal from the land a fitting punishment … Continue reading The 400-Year Famine
Looking for Joy? Abide.
With … Continue reading Looking for Joy? Abide.
A Thank-You Note to 2020
Dear 2020, Here we are at Thanksgiving, and you’re now on the way out the door. It seems like I have much more to complain about this year than to be thankful for, but maybe that’s because I’m not looking in the right places. Like Mr. Davis, my 9th grade biology teacher, you’ve been difficult … Continue reading A Thank-You Note to 2020
When Sorrows Like Sea Billows Roll
“When peace like a river attendeth my way,And sorrows like sea billows roll.Whatever my lot, Thou hast taught me to say,‘It is well, it is well with my soul!’” You’ve probably heard the tragic story that brought about some of the most famous words of hymnody. Two years after losing nearly everything in the Chicago … Continue reading When Sorrows Like Sea Billows Roll
The Lord Counseled Me
You’ve probably been there. Lying in bed, unable to fall asleep, thinking, thinking, thinking about a situation, which has grown substantially (in your brain) since you crawled into bed. You try to pray about it, but your mind makes its way back to worrying or fretting or fuming. Something about the darkness can make the … Continue reading The Lord Counseled Me
The Warrior King
Satan's fiery darts fly at us from every direction these days. As if a worldwide pandemic weren’t enough, he’s launched the grenade of racial tension, a busy hurricane season, raging forest fires, and, oh yeah, a little election thrown in just for fun. The battle is on, and we know we need to fight; and … Continue reading The Warrior King
Do You Ask Good Questions? 3 Reasons You Need To
Did … Continue reading Do You Ask Good Questions? 3 Reasons You Need To
Shooting at the Wrong Basket: Three Ways Your Heart May Be Deceiving You About Your Spiritual Growth
It was the easiest basket she ever scored. Her teammate passed her the ball, and off she went down the court. She confounded the defense with her mad handles, and before they knew what had hit them, she was at the basket, scoring an easy two points. Everyone in the gym was shouting her name. … Continue reading Shooting at the Wrong Basket: Three Ways Your Heart May Be Deceiving You About Your Spiritual Growth
A Thanksgiving Warning: Worshiper or Whiner?
Chapters
The Horn of My Salvation
“The … Continue reading The Horn of My SalvationDOI
Defense Date
2010
Document Type
Dissertation
Degree Name
Doctor of Philosophy
Department
Microbiology & Immunology
First Advisor
Michael McVoy
Abstract
Current FDA approved anti-cytomegalovirus antivirals are ganciclovir, foscarnet, and cidofovir. These drugs target the viral polymerase to inhibit DNA synthesis. Halogenated benzimidazoles target a step later in viral replication during packaging and cleavage of the viral genome. The compounds 2-Bromo-5,6-dichloro-1-(β-D-ribofuranosyl)benzimidazole (BDCRB) and 2,5,6-trichloro-1-(β-D-ribofuranosyl)benzimidazole (TCRB) are novel inhibitors of human cytomegalovirus (HCMV) and resistance to these compounds are found within the human cytomegalovirus viral terminase. Terminase is unique to the virus and in theory provides a good target for antiviral development. Beginning with a BDCRB resistant guinea pig cytomegalovirus observations found a single mutation located in the viral terminase gene UL89 and unique formation found in genomic ends. In guinea pigs, the virus continued to produce large amounts of monomer. This is in contrast to human cytomegalovirus treated with either BDCRB or TCRB. Both compounds produced very little monomer DNA but created a supergenomic species, called monomer-plus that migrates to the apparent size of 270-kb on a pulse field gel. A model was developed to explain formation of monomer plus and my project aims originated from the model. In the presence of BDCRB and TCRB, packaging is relaxed resulting in the normal cleavage site being skipped and cleavage occurring at the next available cleavage site creating a short-long-short genome. In guinea pigs, cleavage has been relaxed by premature cleavage of the terminal ends. Current antivirals do not block viral entry therefore, patients are infected with HCMV. Blocking entry of HCMV into cells would prevent HCMV infection. It has been shown that antibodies to epitopes within the gH/gL/UL128-131 complex can block viral entry into endothelial, epithelial, and other cell types while antibodies to gB block entry into fibroblasts. The majority of the current work on entry into epithelial cells has been performed in retinal pigment epithelium and epithelial cells derived from tumors. Viral entry into cell lines derived from mucosa cells was dependent on the complex gH/gL/UL128-131. Rabbit antibodies raised against UL130 and UL131 peptides neutralized epithelial entry with effects as potent as human seropositive sera. This suggests that the entry complex can be blocked by single epitopes.
Rights
© The Author
Is Part Of
VCU University Archives
Is Part Of
VCU Theses and Dissertations
Date of Submission
May 2011
Included in
Medicine and Health Sciences CommonsRightmove Plc engages in the operation of property search platform. It caters estate agents and home developers to advertise properties for sale or to rent. It operates through the following segments: Agency, New Homes, and Others. The Agency segment consists of resale and lettings property advertising services, and tenant referencing and insurance product. The New Homes segment provides property advertising services to new home developers and housing associations. The Others segment comprises of overseas and commercial property advertising services and non-property advertising services. The company was founded by Reginald Stephen Shipperley on May 16, 2000 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.I such fans of all of Think Services‘, er… services.
I’m mentioning GCG again now, though, because they’ve just recently released the results of their previous game design challenge on series reboots. It’s particularly notable because it includes the designs of all the winning submissions (with diagrams!), and many of them feature some interesting ideas for reviving the popular series they’ve chosen. If it all looks like too much effort, at least read the winning entry.
And then, after Lara Croft has inspired you for the first time in 10 years, go and see if you can apply that to the newest challenge and its very unrestrictive, narrative-driven theme: ‘your game must open with the character receiving an important letter.’ Good luck!3 minute read
There have been many approaches to marketing restoration services and as many different ideas as there are coaches out there to promote
them. My ideas are a strategy that is used by hundreds of marketers all over the country with great success.
Long gone are the days of basic route marketing where your best strategy is “Stop, Drop, and Roll” – visiting someone on the route, dropping off donuts, and rolling on to the next prospect. It is certainly good for the donut shop but doesn’t get you more business. That’s simply a form of bribery.
The topic of collaborate is all about working with a prospect or client to help them help their own customers! It’s so much more than ”what you can do for them” and is really what you can do for your prospects’ customers!
SUMMARY MOVE
Every elevator speech that I hear when a marketer is in on of my classes is “my name is Susie with XYZ Restoration and we do Fire, Water, Smoke, and Mold.” Sadly, they think they are bringing value by saying this, but NO ONE cares! Nobody is interested in ‘what you do.’ They want to know what you are going to do to help them “get more business” and that’s all they care about.
We call the ‘elevator pitch’ the Summary Move because it is all about the client and their client! It focuses on how you help them and their customer. The summary move strategy is to be thinking several ‘moves’ ahead and anticipating what they’ll say and be prepared to make the next ‘move.’ That’s what good chess players do – think several steps ahead.
COLLABORATE
By making it about their client, you are effectively taking the “salesyness” out of the conversation and are acting more like a ‘trusted advisor.’ Neither you, nor I like to be sold and we are not fond of salespeople! Don’t be one of the obnoxious salespeople that you dislike.
Find ways to make the conversation about them and their customers. When the client (or prospect) feels that you are mostly interested in them and their business, they’ll be far more likely to seriously consider working with you. Since you have their interest at heart, they will want to refer business (jobs) to you.
VERY DIFFICULT
Yes, it’s quite a challenge to think only about “what you can do for your clients client, but until you get into that mindset – you’ll come across as salesy or worse. For most of us, that mindset is a big struggle to achieve because we are in the mode of “getting jobs.” Our boss or owner wants you to get more referrals so he or she is constantly pushing you to do this – even reminding you of how many referral you got last month!
TRUSTED ADVISOR
You want to be considered a ‘trusted advisor’ but you often don’t take the time to know something about them or their business or even about their industry! You can’t be considered a Trusted Advisor to them if you don’t have any advice. Donut dropping candy jar refilling services don’t make you a trusted advisor!
If you want to become an expert and a million-dollar producer then be sure to attend an RMS™ class, held throughout the country two or three times a year. The Restoration Marketing Specialist course will teach you how to be a marketer that knows how to collaborate and get more business. See you soon!
Dick Wagner 419-202-6745 Dick@AskDickWagner.com
Nationally recognized coach, consultant, trainer, and speaker
Creator of the renowned PREP™ pre-disaster program
Co-Founder of the CREST Network, LLC
Co-creator of the Restoration Marketing Specialist™ (RMS®) certification course
No Part Of This Document May Be Reproduced In Any Form
Written Permission required to share this article.DANCE
Gábor Halász represents his artistic versatility in numerous forms. In addition to being a choreographer-dancer he also creates electronic music and even sometimes builds his own scenery. He begins his dance studies at the Budapest Contemporary Dance Academy. Later he receives the scholarship of the Dance Apprentice Network Across Europe program based in Palucca University of Dance, where he works with choreographers like William Forsythe, Wayne Mc’Gregor and Angelin Preljocal. In 2009 he becomes a member of Ballet National de Marseille. During this time he worked with choreographers like Fréderich Flamand, Yasuyuki Endo and Olivier Dubois. From 2014 Gábor is a freelance choreographer and dancer based in Budapest. As a dancer he works with Company Pál Frenák, Badora Dance Company, PRevolution Dance Company, Tellabor Company and Inversedance Company.
CHOREOGRAPHY
Since 2007 – in parallel with his dancer career – his choreographies can be seen on international stages. After his dancer and choreographer activities at National Ballet de Marseille he continues as a freelancer artist in Budapest. In 2015 Gábor receives the Viktor Fülöp choreographic scholarship in Hungary. Later he works as a choreographer for companies like Opera Wroclaw, Central-Europe Dance Theater, Tellabor Company, G.G Dance Company – Eger and as an assistant choreographer for Company Pál Frenák. In 2018 he is one of the participants of Zoltán Imre Program, a complex, one year long program for choreographers. From 2020/21 he returns to Dresden to conclude his Master Choreography studies at the Palucca University of Dance.
TEACHING
Gábor Halász’s teaching method is based on the belief of intelligent body and on the fact, that the human body is made to move. Coordination and ability of fitting in any kind of motion system is the main goal of his classes. No matters is it’s classical ballet or high level of floor technique, each dance technics requires strength, stability, flexibility, great focus, energy and rhythm. His classes are liberating energy-flows in the body, which makes possible quick changes of directions and dynamic. With the great energy and the openness, what the participants experience during his classes creates a creative and inspiring atmosphere in the studio. He was giving daily training at the National Ballet de Marseille. He is given workshops in the Central-Europe Dance Theater, Jin Xing Dance Theater in Beijing, at the Hungarian National Dance Academy, Budapest Dance Academy, Gangaray Artistic Program, Summer Aristic School in Kosenchin, and he is one of the founder of the D.A.N.C.E. Summer Workshop in Krakow.The Minister of Lands and Natural Resources, Mr Samuel Abu Jinapor, says Ghana has a potential of becoming a net exporter of salt following the injection of funds, new equipment, and expertise into the operations of Ada Songor Salt Project by ElectroChem Ghana Limited.
The Ada Songor Salt site has 1.4 million metric tonnes production capability, therefore, following the takeover by ElectroChem Ghana Limited, a subsidiary of McDan Group of Companies, it is expected to boost production.
ElectroChem Ghana Limited took over the operations of Ada Songor Salt Project about 10 months ago under Government's diversification programme.
Mr Jinapor, who was on a working visit to the ElectroChem Ghana Limited in the Ada West District of the Greater Accra Region, pledged his unwavering support to the CEO of the Company, Dr. Daniel McCauley, popularly known as McDan.
"I am impressed with the developmental projects that have started in Ada West and this project clearly fits into the President's agenda of industrialisation".
"What is happening here at ElectroChem fits into the grand agenda and vision of the President to transform this country, which is anchored on industrialisation.
"History teaches us that you cannot transform a country unless you build your industries," Mr Jinapor stated.
The Minister lauded the CEO of McDan Group of Companies for the excellent work done so far in transforming Ghana's salt industry.
"What I have seen here today, tells us that if we put our hearts and minds to any project, we as Ghanaians can build our country.
"This project is contributing to the economy of Ada, it's contributing to the economy of Greater Accra and undoubtedly to the economy of Ghana and the future for this project is highly promising," Mr Jinapor added.
The Minister urged the chiefs and people of Ada to throw their weight solidly behind McDan and the ElectroChem Ghana Limited to exploit the white gold resource in the area.
Dr Daniel McCauley, the CEO of ElectroChem Ghana Limited, on his part, said the multifaceted project would also come along with the construction of a sports academy and other developmental projects in the area.
He was optimistic that within a period of five years, the Ada Salt Project would become a major salt production industry in Africa.
The Overlord of the Ada Traditional Area, Nene Abram Kabu Akuaku III, expressed his gratitude to Dr. McCauley for bringing development to his land and the people of Ada.
He was, therefore, willing to entrust the Songor lagoon, which is the treasure of the Ada people to him.
Mr Stephen Asamoah Boateng, the CEO of State Interest and Governance Authority, called for peace and unity in the area to witness the full realisation of the project.Playing in his fourth round match in opposition to Pablo Carreno Busta, the tournament favorite dropped his provide at five-five in the very first established.
Without the need of looking, he then angrily smashed a ball to the back of the courtroom.
It struck a lineswoman in the throat and knocked her to the ground.
THE Online video THAT Exhibits DJOKOVIC WILL In no way Alter
Was kicking Novak Djokovic out of the US Open the appropriate decision?
Djokovic instantly went to her support and she was later on served from the courtroom by officers.
Djokovic and tournament officers remained on courtroom for about 15 minutes prior to the decision was created to kick him out of the tournament.
Djokovic then shook hands with Carreno Busta but not with the official in the umpire’s chair as he remaining the courtroom looking bewildered.
He speedily exited Flushing Meadows without the need of speaking to reporters but opened up in his press conference later on.
“This complete circumstance has remaining me seriously unhappy and empty,” he claimed.
“I checked on the lines individual and the tournament told me that thank God she is feeling Okay.
“I‘m incredibly sorry to have induced her such strain. So unintended. So mistaken. I’m not disclosing her identify to respect her privacy.
“As for the disqualification, I require to go back in and perform on my disappointment and flip this all into a lesson for my development and evolution as a player and human becoming. I apologise to the (US Open) tournament and anyone affiliated for my conduct.
“I’m extremely grateful to my workforce and household for becoming my rock help, and my supporters for constantly becoming there with me. Thank you and I’m so sorry.”
Although many have lambasted the planet No one for the incident, gamers have sympathised with him..”
Denis Shapovalov who was himself disqualified back in 2017 for smacking a chair umpire in the encounter claimed: “I’ve been trough that myself. I sense terrible for Djokovic. It was just a fluke, horrible for all people. Super unfortunate”.
Carreno Busta claimed he did not see the incident.
“I was celebrating the crack with my mentor,” he told reporters. “When I listened to that the line judge was on the flooring I was in shock. I in no way expected this moment when actively playing Novak.
Carreno Busta included that the incident was “unintentional.” “I feel it was lousy luck,” he claimed.
Djokovic is a person of only a handful of gamers to be disqualified from a men’s singles tournament due to the fact John McEnroe at the Australian Open in 1990.
THE Appropriate Get in touch with?
“Players have been defaulted for fewer,” claimed Darren Cahill, the veteran mentor who was sitting courtside in Arthur Ashe Stadium covering the match for ESPN. “I feel the tournament created the appropriate decision.”
Although his fate was becoming resolved, Djokovic attempted to downplay the injury to the official.
He was picked up by the on-courtroom microphone telling a tournament referee, “She doesn’t have to go to the clinic for this.”
He then continued, “You’re heading to pick out a default in this circumstance? My profession, grand slam, centre stage”.
The United States Tennis Affiliation claimed he would get rid of all rating factors and prize money ($250,000) from the tournament.
STEVE BRADBURY Instant
With the likes of Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal not competing at this year’s US Open, Djokovic was the raging favorite to gain the tournament.
Retired Aussie tennis star Sam Groth claimed that with Djokovic out, the winner would have a “Steve Bradbury” moment,
“It’s a hundred% the principles,” he claimed.
“In a slam the only threat to you profitable is your mood. The officers acquired it appropriate. Each and every player has an comprehending of who is on the courtroom and where by.
“It’s second character and for Novak – he has been on these courts in major events as considerably as any individual.
“Those remaining in the draw are getting their Steve Bradbury moment”
Previous US tennis player James Blake agreed that the only way for Djokovic to get rid of the US Open was for him to defeat himself.
“First points very first, I hope that the linesperson is Okay,” he claimed.
“She was hit in the throat so we hope for her it’s a fast restoration and that she is Okay.
“We thought of Novak as the huge favorite. He was seriously actively playing in opposition to himself.
“The only way he could get rid of this is to defeat himself. This is a person way he did it.”
Previous Australian tennis player Rennae Stubbs claimed the tournament created the appropriate decision.
“The base line is, he did it in anger,” she told ESPN.
“He was upset and no matter what…if you are not aware of points close to you and you hit a ball in anger, it was in anger, he’d missing the game. He did not even trouble to flip close to and see and he hit that lady in the encounter, you are performed.”
Previous British No.one Greg Rusedski explained the disqualification as “unbelievable” but claimed officers experienced created the “correct decision.” “Novak must have stayed for the press conference & apologise,” Rusedski wrote. “We must consider responsibility for our actions no matter how complicated the circumstance is.”
There was some sympathy for the planet No one however..”
Nothing NEW
This is not the very first time Djokovic’s on-courtroom anger issues have been in the spotlight.
At an ATP World Tour Championships press conference, he engaged in an indignant exchange with a reporter who questioned if he wanted to be cautious with striking balls in anger.
“You fellas are unbelievable,” he claimed at the time.
“You’re constantly picking these variety of points. It is incredible.
“I retain carrying out these points? Why don’t I get suspended?”
“I’m shut? I’m however not suspended.”
When pressed yet again on if it was an situation, Djokovic claimed: “It is not an situation for me. It is not the very first time that I did it.”
Much more News
Pathetic and petulant: Online video that shows Djokovic will not find out
Cricket’s Television set war leaves BBL deal in jeopardy
AFL breach established to value Perth intercontinental cricketHelicopter Harvests Xmas Trees
extreme | flying | helicopters | December 12, 2013
YouTuber Dan Clark pilots a helicopter to harvest Christmas trees at the Noble Mountain Tree Farm in Oregon. It seems like the trees were already uprooted and bundled before he picked them up. Here’s a POV video of the task.
AdvertisementMoctezuma II 1466- 1520 was the Aztec emperor defeated by Cortes. End of the story, so I thought. Many of the Spanish nobility are his descendants. The current Mexican constitution does not allow nobility, but he has many Mexican descendants. Don’t be surprised if Montezuma gets elected President of Mexico. Tlazohcamati (Aztec/Nahuatl for thank you)
Portrait of Montezuma II (Moctezuma) (1466-1520)” European School, (16th century) Palazzo Pitti, Florence (Photo by Leemage/Corbis via Getty Images)Good Morning
I would like to ask everyone here to be extra mindful of your responses to abuse. When someone comes forward about being abused … child abuse, domestic abuse, sexual assault, bullying… LISTEN without shaming, judging, blaming or criticizing ..Just because you watched a great movie and you became a fan, doesn’t mean those in power are incapable of abuse.Abuse is all about power and control. Period. Wake up please… The rate of abuse in the country is extremely high. Just in custody cases alone, 58,000 children are legally trafficked by way of family courts annually. Victim shaming and blaming needs to stop if we are to make a better world. The victims are NOT to blame. The Bill Crosby, Sandusky, Kevin Spacy, Weinstein, of the world are. ..And we sit and wonder why we have so much violence… one of the highest rates in the world. I applaud every victim who has come forward to speak up in hopes the abuse will end. The last thing a victim is seeking is Fame. when a victim comes forward like any whistleblower, many times they are re-victimized by the system and public. Some end up dead.Take your blinders off and fill your heart with compassion for those traumatized by abusers especially by those in a position of power and notoriety.As a survivor of abuse, I learned the only way for abuse to end is by the community coming together and rallying in support of the victim and not the perpetrator. Be a part of the solution and not a part of the problem, and I promise you in time we will have a better world with less violence including mass murders and gun violence.
Instagram filter used: NormalThe accuracy of Hopkins Symptom Checklist – 25 (HSCL-25) depression subscales (Indonesian version) on adolescents
Abstract
Hopkins Symptom Checklist - 25 (HSCL-25) depression subscales is an easy-to-use, mainstream screening to detect early stage of depression symptoms, including on adolescents. The accuracy studies of HSCL-25 conducted all over the countries indicated a relatively good accuracy. However, there has been no accuracy testing on HSCL-25 in Indonesia. This study aimed to examine the accuracy of HSCL-25 depression subscales (Indonesian version) by comparing it to semi-structured diagnostic interview as the gold standard. This was a non-experimental study by diagnostic interviewing 40 participants. The results of depression status from the interview then compared to HSCL-25 depression subscales scores from previous study. The results analyzed using crosstabs, pearson chi square, and Receiver Operatic Characteristic (ROC) analysis to obtain the accuracy and the optimum cut-off score. The results show that HSCL-25 depression subscales have a good sensitivity (87.5%) and fairly good specificity (65.4%) with the +LR of 2.5 and –LR of .2. The cut-off score used in this study (1.75) was optimum to be used as a cut-off point in the prevention context. Then it can be conclude that HSCL-25 have a fairly good accuracy and the current cut-off score used was already good for detecting the early depression symptoms among adolescents.
Keywords
References
Albert, M. L., & Knoefel, J. E. (2011). Clinical neurology of aging (3rd ed.). New York: Oxford. and Adolescent Psychiatry.
Bradley, C. (2013). Handbook of psychology and diabetes. New York: Psychology Press.
Brage, D. G., & Meredith, W. (1994). A causal model of adolescent depression. J Psychol, 128(4), 455–468.
Carlson, J. F. (2012). Student handbook to psychology: Personality and abnormal psychology (Vol. VI). New York: Facts on Files.
Davis, C. W. (2000). Adolescent depression and the effect of sibling relationships. from ProQuest Dissertation Publishing (Accession no: 9961570)
Derogatis, L. R., Lipman, R. S., Rickels, K., Uhlenhuth, E. H., & Covi, L. (1974). The Hopkins Symptom Checklist (HSCL): A self‐report symptom inventory. Behavioral Science.
Dewayani, A., Sukarlan, A. D., & Turnip, S. S. (2011). Psychological distress among students of University of Indonesia by perceived peer social support. Makara, Sosial Humaniora, 15(2), 86–93..
First, M., & Spitzer, R. J. (2002). Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV-TR Axis I Disorders, Research Version, Non-patient Edition. SCID-I/NP). Biometrics Research.
Fröjdh, K., Håkansson, A., & Karlsson, I. (2004). The Hopkins Symptom Cheklist-25 is a sensitive case-finder of clinically important depressive states in elderly people in primary care. International Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry.
Goyal, S., Srivastava, K., & Bansal, V. (2009). Study of prevalence of depression in adolescent students of a public school. Industrial Psychiatry Journal.
Haberer, J. E., Trabin, T., & Klinkman, M. (2013). Furthering the reliable and valid measurement of mental health screening, diagnoses, treatment and outcomes through health information technology. General Hospital Psychiatry.
Hammen, C., & Watkins, E. (2008). Depression (Second ed.). New York: Psychology Press.
Hinton, W. L., Du, N., Chen, Y. C. J., Tran, C. G., Newman, T. B., & Lu, F. G. (1994). Screening for major depression in vietnamese refugees - A validation and comparison of two instruments in a health screening population. Journal of General Internal Medicine.
Hjemdal, O., Friborg, O., & Stiles, T. C. (2012). Resilience is a good predictor of hopelessness even after accounting for stressful life events, mood and personality (NEO-PI-R). Scandinavian Journal of Psychology.
Hollander, A. C., Ekblad, S., Mukhamadiev, D., & Muminova, R. (2007). The validity of screening instruments for posttraumatic stress disorder, depression, and other anxiety symptoms in Tajikistan. The Journal of Nervous and Mental Disease, 195(11), 955 – 958.
Hulley, S. B., Cummings, S. R., Browner, W. S., Grady, D. G., & Newman, T. B. (2007). Designing Clinical Research. Philadelpia: Wolters Kluwer Lippincott William & Wilkins.
Ismail, R. I., & Siste, K. (2010). Depression disorder in Elvira, Silvia D., Hadisukanto, & Gitayanti (Eds.) (Psychiatry). Jakarta: Medical Faculty of University of Indonesia.
Jayanthi, P., & Thirunavukarasu, M. (2015). Prevalence of depression among school going adolescents in south India. International Journal of Pharmaceutical and Clinical Research.
Keena, K. (2005). Adolescent depression: Outside/in. Lincoln: iUniverse.essler, R. C., & Walters, E. E. (1998). Epidemiology of DSM-III-R major depression and minor depression among adolescents and young adults in the National Comorbidity Survey. Depression and Anxiety.<3::AID-DA2>3.0.CO;2-F
Kumar, R., & Indrayan, A. (2011). Receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve for medical researchers. Indian Pediatrics.
La Greca, A. M., & Harrison, H. M. (2005). Adolescent peer relations, friendships, and romantic relationships: Do they predict social anxiety and depression? Journal of Clinical Child and Adolescent Psychology.
Lee, B., Kaaya, S. F., Mbwambo, J. K., Smith-Fawzi, M. C., & Leshabari, M. T. (2008). Detecting depressive disorder with the Hopkins Symptom Checklist-25 in Tanzania. International Journal of Social Psychiatry.
Lobbestael, J., Leurgans, M., & Arntz, A. (2011). Inter-rater reliability of the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV Axis I Disorders (SCID I) and Axis II Disorders (SCID II). Clinical Psychology and Psychotherapy.
McDonald, J. D. J. (2008). Measuring personality constructs: The advantages and disadvantages of self-reports, informant reports and behavioural assessments. Enquire.
Megawanti, D., Sukarlan, A. D., & Turnip, S. S. (2011). Personality traits and psychological distress in students of university of Indonesia. Gunadarma University.
Merikangas, K., Jian-ping, H., Burstein, M., Swanson, S., Avenevoli, S., Lihong, C., & Swendsen, J. (2010). Lifetime prevalence of mental disorders in US adolescents: Results from the National Comorbidity Study-Adolescent Supplement. Journal of the American Academy Child Adolescent Psychiatry.
Nair, M. K. C., Paul, M. K., & John, R. (2004). Prevalence of depression among adolescents. Indian Journal of Pediatrics.
Najarian, B., & Davoodi, I. (2001). Construction and validation of SCL-25, short form of SCl-90. Journal of Psychology, 5(2), 136–149.
Orchard, F., Pass, L., Marshall, T., & Reynolds, S. (2017). Clinical characteristics of adolescents referred for treatment of depressive disorders. Child and Adolescent Mental Health.
Patria, F. Y. (2012). The relationship between sense of community and psychological distress in Faculty of Psychology University of Indonesia members. University of Indonesia.
Prinstein, M. J., Cheah, C. S. L., Borelli, J. L., Simon, V. A., & Aikins, J. W. (2005). Adolescent girls’ interpersonal vulnerability to depressive symptoms: A longitudinal examination of reassurance-seeking and peer relationships. Journal of Abnormal Psychology.
Rudolph, B. A. (2005). Teaching diagnostic and clinical interviewing in R. J. Craig (Ed.). Lanham: Jason Aronson..
Siregar, D. A. I. (2012). Social skills training for university of Indonesia undergraduate students with high psychological distress. University of Indonesia.
Spiers, M. V., Geller, P. A., & Kloss, J. D. (2013). Women’s health psychology. New Jersey: John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
Sund, A. M., Larsson, B., & Wichstrøm, L. (2011). Prevalence and characteristics of depressive disorders in early adolescents in central Norway. Child and Adolescent Psychiatry and Mental Health.
Tay, A. K., Jayasuriya, R., Jayasuriya, D., & Silove, D. (2017). Measurement invariance of the Hopkins Symptoms Checklist: A novel multigroup alignment analytic approach to a large epidemiological sample across eight conflict-affected districts from a nation-wide survey in Sri Lanka Andrew Rasmussen, Nuwan Jayawickreme. Conflict and Health.
Taylor, R. B. (2002). Manual of family practice (2nd ed.). Philadelpia: Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The National Institute of Mental Health. (2017). NIMH » Major Depression. Retrieved May 5, 2018, from
Turnip, S. S., & Hauff, E. (2007). Household roles, poverty and psychological distress in internally displaced persons affected by violent conflicts in Indonesia. Social Psychiatry and Psychiatric Epidemiology.
Veijola, J., Jokelainen, J., Läksy, K., Kantojärvi, L., Kokkonen, P., Järvelin, M. R., & Joukamaa, M. (2003). The Hopkins Symptom Checklist-25 in screening DSM-III-R axis-I disorders. Nordic Journal of Psychiatry.
Ventevogel, P., De Vries, G., Scholte, W. F., Shinwari, N. R., Faiz, H., Nassery, R., … Olff, M. (2007). Properties of the Hopkins symptom checklist-25 (HSCL-25) and the Self-Reporting Questionnaire (SRQ-20) as screening instruments used in primary care in Afghanistan. Social Psychiatry and Psychiatric Epidemiology.
Wassertheil-Smoller, S., & Smoller, J. (2015). Biostatistics and Epidemiology. A primer for Health and Biomedical professionals. Journal of Psychosomatic Research.
Wiese, J. (2006). Clinical clerkships: The answer book. (S. Bent & S. Saint, Eds.). Maryland: Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Winokur, A., Winokur, D. F., Rickels, K., & Cox, D. S. (1984). Symptoms of emotional distress in a family planning service: Stability over a four-week period. British Journal of Psychiatry.
Wulanari, P. (2013). Relationship between psychological distress and perceived social support among foreign student at university of Indonesia. University of Indonesia.
Ystgaard, M., Tambs, K., & Dalgard, O. S. (1999). Life stress, social support and psychological distress in late adolescence: A longitudinal study. Social Psychiatry and Psychiatric Epidemiology.
Zgambo, M., Kalembo, F., Guoping, H., Honghong, W., & Honghong, W. (2012). Depression among Chinese Children and Adolescents: A Review of the Literature. International Journal of Child, Youth and Family Studies.
Zhu, W., Zeng, N., & Wang, N. (2010). Sensitivity, specificity, accuracy, associated confidence interval and ROC analysis with practical SAS® implementations. Health Care and Life Sciences.<<Electrical Installation Condition Reports (EICR)
An EICR, also known as an Electrical Installation Condition Report or Periodic Inspection Report, is a document describing the safety of an electrical installation in a property. It must be carried out by a registered electrician or approved contractor.
Electrosmith have many years of experience in carrying out EICRs for domestic and commercial clients, in a range of properties. Contact our friendly team today for a free estimate..
Why do I need an EICR?
An EICR is often required to prove that the electrics are up to standard in rented accommodation or commercial premises, to ensure safety for tenants or employees.
Homeowners may also wish to carry out an EICR on a new property, particularly if the installations are old.
From Rob Schofield:
I've just looked at a Mk 1 that had intermittent power fail problems. Symptoms were that the player would be working fine and then *pow* nothing. Screen out, disks stopped. However, I could contact the player through hyperterm. So it was something to do with the 12V line/power supply.
After a lot of faffing about, I discovered that the two screws for the serial post were slightly loose. This meant that the serial port could move up and down slightly. Since it's soldered to the main board, the main board moves with it. On either side of the serial port is a number of regulator ICs hard mounted with plastic pop rivets to the back of the case. These can also move up and down slightly, hence when the motherboard moves, the regulators moved too.
So what's happening? If the drives move slightly and push down on the daughter board (bump in the car, for example), or the serial port moves while you're upgrading, the leads of the 12V regulator are just long enough to touch the (earthed) lip of the back panel underneath the motherboard, shorting the output of the regulator to 0V.
What you see: screen goes out, stays out, drives spin down.
What you smell: a funny smell of burning as the regulator and the power adaptor heat up.
What you can feel: the back of the case gets BLOODY HOT.
What you do: PANIC! and make a pathetic little squealing sound (similar to a stuck pig) as you try to yank the power plug out.
Note: It's possible that other power loss problems on the Mk1, with slightly different symptoms, can be caused by a loose audio daughterboard. Check that first, and if necessary, secure it with rigid-setting hot glue as described below.· Peru Sol Hits Record Low as Leftist Takes Crushing Poll Lead. (Bloomberg) -- Peru''s currency took another battering Monday after leftist presidential …
Lead ore crushing machine separating.
Google''s free service instantly translates words, phrases, and web pages between English and over 100 other languages. Upload a .doc, .docx, .odf, .pdf, .ppt, .pptx ...
Lead is a heavy metal with a bluish grey colour and good elastic properties. Metallic lead is obtained primarily from lead sulphide (PbS), which occurs in galena. At the start of the 20th century ...
Portable lead-acid cells and batteries (valve-regulated types). General requirements, functional characteristics. Methods of test BS EN 61056-2:1997, IEC 61056-2:1994 Portable lead-acid cells and batteries (valve-regulated types). Dimensions, terminals and
· ...
· Example chart: 800 units Re-order level Acts as a trigger point, so that when stock falls to this level, the next supplier order should be placed Example chart: 400 units Lead time Amount of time between placing the order and receiving the stock Example chart
· Neutralize with a slight excess of calcium hydrate and filter on a small filter. Add the clear filtrate of calcium hydrosulphite to 1000 cc. of the solution to be precipitated. Then add the lead-zinc emulsion and proceed as in Method A. Merrill Crowe Process & Equipment.
crushing and grinding zinc ore before processing it 280 tph crusher plant flow chart.zinc mine crushing and grinding solution, we suggest choosing suitable lead and zinc ore crusher and grinding mill manufacturer which owns reliable trust along with the products
· For your lead/cycle time charts to provide useful data, your team must Update the status in a timely manner those work items that the widgets track. Choose the context menu icon and choose Configure to open the configuration dialog. Modify the title, and then select the team, backlog level, swimlane, and time period you want to monitor.
· But is the lead 6, 8, or 17? That''s how wide the difference are but the Survation poll at 6% is getting rather stale. In contrast, the three most recent poll spreads by Deltapoll, YouGov, and ...
Your Source For Shotshell Reloaders & Clay Target Machines
LEAD IN DRINKING-WATER 2 2.2 Water With the decline in atmospheric emissions of lead since the introduction of legislation restricting its use in fuels, water has assumed new importance as the largest controllable source of lead exposure in the USA (10). ).
Gypsum mining process, how to extract mineral from rock and placer deposit, related processing plant flow chart and layout design. read more. Excavation is sometimes carried out by digging out an area of ground where the gypsum is located using open-cast ...
· What is a lead magnet and how to deliver it professionally. The link to download the 9 steps to launch a product flow chart is: More
flow chart of mineral processing of zinc ore – Grinding Mill China Hematite ore beneficiation process flow chart. Zinc Ore Mining Machine; Crushing … Print Email Iron Ore Mining Process Flow Chart. Iron ore processing plant … gold processing plant flow chart
Energy and Environmental Profile of the U.S. Mining Industry 6.1.2.1 Lead and Zinc Ore Milling Treatment of lead and zinc ores begins with milling. Milling is a multi-stage crushing and grinding operation. It involves coarse crushing followed by wet grinding. Crushing
A method of processing waste lead-acid batteries includes a crushing step, a sorting step, a plastic fragment treating step, and a plastic bit recycling step. Through the four steps, waste lead-acid batteries are turned into lead fragments, high-density plastic fragments, and plastic bits, which are recyclable as reusable materials, respectively.
Historically, Lead reached an all time high of 3989 in October of 2007. Lead - data, forecasts, historical chart - was last updated on July of 2021. Lead is expected to trade at 2344.28 USD/MT by the end of this quarter, according to Trading Economics global macro models and analysts expectations. Looking forward, we estimate it to trade at ...
Lead.
However, blood lead testing is initiated by health care providers and it is difficult to know why or how health care providers decide to test children for lead. Programs are designed to target resources to the highest-risk areas and work diligently to understand the completeness and representativeness of their state-based blood lead surveillance data.
Understanding the Lead and Copper Rule EPA established the Lead and Copper Rule (LCR) in 1991 to protect public health and reduce exposure to lead in drinking water. The most common sources of lead in drinking water are lead pipes and brass or bronze
· Alisson pulled on a Liverpool shirt for the first time on Saturday in a crushing 5-0 win over Napoli in Dublin. The Brazil goalkeeper, signed last month in a world-record deal from Roma, had very ...
Lead, Tin, and Alloys Nickel Brasses, Nickel-Silvers Copper Bronzes, Cupro-Nickels Nickel Copper Alloys Nickel-Chrome Alloys, Titanium, Silver, Graphite, Gold, and Platinum Contact Metal Corroding Metal Galvanic Corrosion Risk This chart is designed to.
Lead zinc ore crusher nigeria, lead zinc crushing process nigeria tire crusher multitek wc sale sale of washing machine in bangalore zinc crushing process amp crusher machine nigeria lead and zinc mining process click amp chat nowAbout Siskiyou Living
Siskiyou Living Real Estate Guide is published monthly by Quality Advertising and distributed throughout Siskiyou County. If you would like more information about a listing, please contact the listing agent/office of that particular listing.
Quality Advertising is owned and operated by Eric Grooters, a former 24 year resident of Siskiyou County. Eric has owned and operated Quality Advertising for nineteen years. Eric's advertising experience comes from a previous position held at the local newspaper as the advertising manager.BMS-3 web hearts (Fig two), with CHAperfused female hearts exhibiting the highest recovery of
Hearts (Fig 2), with CHAperfused female hearts
exhibiting the highest recovery of function.CHA perfusion increases phosphoAkt and phosphoeNOS levels in male and female heartsAdenosine A receptor stimulation has been shown to activate the Akt signaling cascade [28, 29]. Hence, we subsequent examined Akt phosphorylation at Ser473. Constant with previous research [33], manage female hearts exhibited larger PubMed ID: phosphoAkt levels in comparison with control male hearts, independent of total Akt levels (Fig 3a). Perfusion with CHA for five minutes considerably elevated phosphoAkt levels in both male and female hearts, with CHAperfused female hearts exhibiting the highest phosphoAkt levels (Fig 3a). Constant with the CHAinduced increase in phosphoAkt levels, we also located that perfusion with CHA significantly increased eNOS phosphorylation at Ser77 in male hearts (Fig 3b). These findings are in agreement with prior studies demonstrating enhanced phosphoAkt and phosphoeNOSPLOS 1 https:doi.org0.37journal.pone.07735 Might ,six CHA enhances protein SNO levels and induces cardioprotectionTable . Baseline contractile parameters with and without CHA. Remedy Male Female Manage CHA Control CHA LVDP 76.7.3 77.eight.0 69.0.2 69..0 Heart Rate 250.70.six 230.0.four 27.9. 268.3.6 RatePressure Solution 99599.0 7965.0 878950 803Baseline left ventricular created pressure, heart price and ratepressure solution in male and female hearts perfused with and without having CHA. https:doi.org0.37journal.pone.07735.tlevels with adenosine [28, 29]. On the other hand, phosphoeNOS levels did not transform with CHA in female hearts (Fig 3b), but phosphoeNOS levels were currently higher in manage and CHAperfused female hearts in comparison to manage male hearts. These outcomes help the possible for an option mechanism of protection in female hearts.CHA perfusion enhances protein SNO levels in male and female heartsSince we detected enhanced phosphoAkt and phosphoeNOS levels with CHA perfusion, we subsequent examined irrespective of whether this could create a corresponding boost in protein SNO levels in male and female hearts. We utilized SNORAC in tandem with mass spectrometry as a highthroughput strategy to recognize precise SNO web sites in male and female hearts. In total, we identified 30 various SNO proteins in handle male and female hearts (S and S2 Tables), and constant with our prior study [25], we identified that female hearts exhibited more than 50 more one of a kind SNO protein identifications in comparison with male hearts (Fig 4a). In the proteins identified in manage hearts, 5 had been distinctive to female hearts (i.e proteins had been detected in at the very least one particular of eight female samples, but not detected in any male samples) and eight were distinctive to male hearts (i.e proteins had been detected in at the very least 1 of eight male samples, but not detected in any female samples) (Fig 4b). SNO protein identifications that were exceptional towards the baseline female heart incorporated the adenine nucleotide translocase (ANT), ATP synthase , dihydrolipoyl dehydrogenase, peroxyredoxin6, protein DJ, and tripartite motifcontaining protein 72 (TRIM72). Following myocardial perfusion with CHA for 5 minutes, we identified a total of 65 exclusive SNO proteins in male and female hearts (S3 and S4 Tables), noting a modest improve in protein SNO levels in each male (.four ) and female (2.three ) hearts when compared with manage (Fig 4a). On the proteins identified in CHAperfused hearts, 65 were distinctive to female hearts and six have been distinctive to male hearts (Fig 4c). A variety of SNO proteins.
BMS-3 web hearts (Fig two), with CHAperfused female hearts exhibiting the highest recovery ofSolarzar's Mental Connection
Solarzar
... is a master trainer, award winning speaker and entertainer who has spent the last 30 years refining his message, and his performance.
Sharing a wealth of real world experience in his powerful, life-changing presentations he uses his life lived in the first person to entertain and enthrall his audiences.
His amazing, masterful mystery entertainment shows audiences the hidden potential we have and how to be more and do more.
Your audience will laugh, learn and thank you for bringing the entertainment they remember.
More about Solarzar
Spent two years living on the streets as a teenager.
Went from the enlisted ranks to the officer ranks in the U.S. Marine Corps during a 21 year career.
Went from being a high school dropout to the Principal of a publicly traded company.
Served as a consultant and trainer to the Department of Defense (DoD) for benefits and policy.
An award-winning Toastmaster recognized for his speaking and leadership skills holding the education level of Distinguished Toastmaster (DTM).
A member of the Society of American Magicians (SAM) and the International Brotherhood of Magicians (IBM).
An alumnus of the Jeff McBride “Master Class of Magic”, the only Magical Arts training school of its kind in the world.
A certified Stage Hypnotist trained by Geoff Ronning and the Stage Hypnosis Center.
A master mentalist experienced in palmistry, numerology, tarot, astrology, and handwriting analysis.
Created Magic-4-Life bringing inspiration, motivation and magic to life.
Author of "Leadership Magic, the Journey from Trickster to Sage" (available at Amazaon, Barnes & Noble and other booksellers)
CTV News (Canada) - New court to use judges with understanding of FASD
A new court that's expected to open later this month in Manitoba will have judges with an understanding about the complexities of fetal alcohol spectrum disorder.
Watoday (Australia) - Kimberley report an 'almost unparalleled' chance to change: Telethon Kids Institute
Telethon Kids Institute director Jonathan Carapetis has called the report’s focus on curbing rampant rates of Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder “an almost unparalleled opportunity for a different approach” – if this government avoids the mistakes made by all the previous governments.
Stuff.co.nz (New Zealand) - One drink while pregnant is a risk you shouldn't take, trust me
Well, the last few days have been a bumpy ride, to say the least. It's been a ride that had me pondering a lot on one aspect that has a massive impact on my family's life: Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder (FASD) and fetal alcohol syndrome (FAS).
New York Times (USA) - Drinking While Pregnant: An Inconvenient Truth
Recommending that pregnant women not drink alcohol has been called old-fashioned and even patriarchal. So, as a feminist, my opinion may come as a surprise.
ScienceBlog.com - Mother’s Immune Profile May Influence Prenatal Alcohol Exposure Outcome
A new study has found that alcohol use during pregnancy can affect a woman’s immune system in ways that may predict her child’s neurodevelopmental outcome.
Korea Times (South Korea) - 'High-risk mothers must have additional prenatal tests'
Chung, 35, is in her fourth year of marriage and hopes to give birth to her first child this year. However, worries are on the rise as she was recently deemed to be in the high-risk pregnancy category.
Essential Baby - The brutal truth about living with Foetal Alcohol Syndrome
Well, the last few days have been a bumpy ride, to say the least. It's been a ride that had me pondering a lot on one aspect that has a massive impact on my family's life: Foetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder (FASD) and foetal alcohol syndrome (FAS).
Our Sacred Breath (Canada) - WHEN WILL ONTARIO TAKE DECISIVE ACTION TO HELP WITH FASD
Over half a million with FASD in Ontario wait for services and direct financial supports as the government continues to deny diagnostic services and supports for 4% of the population.
UPCOMING
The FASD Network of Saskatchewan - FASD Lunch n' Learn (March 2019, Canada)
The FASD Network is travelling to 10 Saskatchewan communities to deliver presentations on Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder. FASD is a life-long, brain-based disability that causes mild to severe impairment in physical, cognitive, sensory and behavioural development.
CASPA Services Ltd - COFFS HARBOUR - *New* Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder (8 August 2019, USA)
This workshop provides a range of practical tools and strategies for understanding and supporting young people diagnosed with Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder, within a therapeutic framework.
International Conference on Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder (March 6-9, 2019 Canada)
This advanced level conference/meeting continues to bring together global experts from multiple disciplines to share international research. From the pure science, to prevention, diagnosis and intervention across the lifespan, the conference will address the implications of this research and promote scientific/community collaboration.
VIDEOS and MATERIALS
UMMCVideos - Cutting-Edge Neonatology Research at University of Maryland Children’s Hospital
Dr. Bearer explains the reach of Fetal Alcohol Syndrome (FAS), as well as FAS spectrum disorder, which can occur from use of everyday products.
Amanda Beall - Fetal Alcohol Syndrome
Disability Presentation on Fetal Alcohol Syndrome.
Bridgeway Family Homes – Foster Parent trainining
FASD Training November 2018 PT2 Amanda Rawn-Alton.
REACH Edmonton - Pathways In and Out of Sexual Exploitation: The Role of FASD
Lisa Rogozinsky and Brittany Durant, of the Edmonton Area Fetal Alcohol Network, will discus FASD and how the condition affects the vulnerability of people at risk of being sexually exploited.
RESEARCH
bioRxiv - Maternal Circulating MiRNAs That Predict Infant FASD Outcomes Influence Placental Maturation
Prenatal Alcohol exposure (PAE), like other pregnancy complications, can result in placental insufficiency and fetal growth restriction, though the linking causal mechanisms are unclear.
University of Maryland - Effects of Alcohol Exposure during Developmental Phases on Brain Functional Connectivity
Nursing New Zealand - Avoiding alcohol in pregnancy
Fetal alcohol spectrum disorder is a public health crisis affecting thousands of families in New Zealand. All nurses can play a part in raising awareness of how it can be prevented.
Scientific reports - Serum concentrations of IGF-I/IGF-II as biomarkers of alcohol damage during foetal development and diagnostic markers of Foetal Alcohol Syndrome
These findings validate the use of growth factors IGF-I and IGF-II as surrogate biomarkers of damage induced by prenatal exposure to ethanol and could be used in the diagnosis of foetal alcohol spectrum disorders.
OpenUCT - Determination of a brief AUDIT screening questionnaire to identify women at risk of harmful and hazardous alcohol consumption in primary care settings
Alcohol consumption in South Africa is a major contributing factor to the quadruple burden of disease. Additionally, South Africa has the highest rate of Foetal Alcohol Syndrome in the world.
Children and Youth Services Review - Planning for safe care or widening the net?: A review and analysis of 51 states’ CAPTA policies addressing substance-exposed infants
The Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016 (CARA) amended Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act Reauthorization of 2010 (CAPTA) to include mandates that states’ child protection systems implement policy for identification and safety planning in cases of prenatal substance exposure (“State Plans”).
Gaceta sanitaria - Health advice on alcohol consumption in pregnant women in Seville (Spain)
The recommended health advice to avoid alcohol consumption during pregnancy does not effectively reach a large proportion of pregnant women. Developing institutional programmes which help healthcare professionals to carry out effective preventive activities of foetal alcohol spectrum disorder is needed.
McMaster Health Forum - Rapid Synthesis: Identifying Effective Approaches to Support Parents and Caregivers of Children with Fetal Alcohol Spectrum Disorder
An assessment of what is known about the effective approaches to support parents and caregivers of children with fetal alcohol spectrum disorder.
Journal of Public Health - The interaction between maternal smoking, illicit drug use and alcohol consumption associated with neonatal outcomes
The adverse effects of smoking on neonatal outcomes, such as small-for-gestational-age (SGA), has been extensively studied however, the consequences of smoking combined with alcohol and/or drug use is less clear.
cmajOPEN - Prenatal care of women who give birth to children with fetal alcohol spectrum disorder in a universal health care system: a case–control study using linked administrative data
Women who give birth to children with FASD have higher rates of inadequate prenatal care and significant social complexities. Socioeconomic disparities in the use of prenatal care should be addressed; multisector interventions are needed that facilitate the uptake of prenatal care by high-risk women who use alcohol.
Drug and Alcohol Dependence - Prenatal alcohol exposure and facial morphology in a UK cohort
There is no strong evidence, in a sample representative of the general population, for an effect of prenatal alcohol exposure on normal-range variation in facial morphology.
IN OTHER LANGUAGES
WESER-KURIER (Germany) - Fataler Fehler mit Langzeitwirkung
Unter anderem das Diakonische Werk und der Familienservice des Landkreises beteiligen sich vom 10. bis 16. Februar an der internationalen Nacoa-Aktionswoche für Kinder aus Familien mit suchtkranken Menschen.
Szpitalu Dziecięcym (Poland) - Zapraszamy na szkolenie dla rodziców adopcyjnych dzieci z FASD
Szanowni Państwo, Zespół ds. FASD przy Szpitalu Dziecięcym im. św. Ludwika w Krakowie ma zaszczyt zaprosić na szkolenie dla rodziców adopcyjnych dzieci z postawioną diagnozą FASD. Będzie ono poświęcone szerokiej problematyce opieki, wychowywania i wspierania rozwoju dzieci z tym problemem.Although Avanti Tribe is not at all affiliated with Shaklee, it is how Charlene has funded her adventures. Many of the things she has learned about crafting her best life have come from her journey to the highest-possible level of leadership in the company. If you would like to schedule a 30 minute call with Charlene to talk about joining her business team, fill in the from below.Australia has finally backed a plan to let developing countries make cheap COVID-19 vaccines — what matters is what it does next
After months of holding out, Australia has at last joined other members of the World Trade Organisation in backing a waiver of patents and other intellectual property rights on vaccines, treatments, diagnostic tests and devices needed to fight COVID-19.
The organisation’s Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS) requires WTO members to provide patent protection of at least 20 years for new inventions along with a slew of other intellectual property rights.
These rules make it difficult or impossible for developing nations to provide COVID-19 medical products, even where it would be straightforward to manufacture them.
TRIPS provides for exemptions, but the provisions are onerous and time-consuming. They apply only to patents, and don’t free up the rights to the information about the manufacturing process needed to make the treatments.
India and South Africa proposed the so-called TRIPS waiver[1] in October 2020.
Later revised[2] and sponsored by more countries, it would have enabled developing nations to manufacture diagnostics, therapeutics and vaccines for COVID-19 during the pandemic without fear of legal action.
The United States, home to some of the world’s biggest pharmaceutical companies, was at first hesitant until President Joe Biden backed a waiver — albeit limited to vaccines — in May[3].
Australia waited for the US, then waited
Australia held out longer than the US[4], even though US companies had more at stake. But unless Australia and other wealthy nations do more to merely vote for the waiver, “grotesque” vaccination gaps are set to continue for years to come.
Trade Minister Dan Tehan came out in support of the waiver at a meeting with several community organisations last Tuesday. He confirmed Australia’s changed stance in comments to The Guardian[5] the following day.
Read more: TRIPS waiver: there's more to the story than vaccine patents[6]
The shift raises the chances of the waiver proposal getting through, boosting the global supply of vaccines, treatments and testing kits — a move that would benefit every nation afflicted by supply shortages, including Australia.
More than 100 of the WTO’s 164 member nations support it. But there are still wealthy nations holding out[7] — including Canada, Japan, Norway, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the European Union.
Why the world urgently needs a waiver
COVAX, the global program for distributing vaccines equitably, originally intended to deliver two billion[8] doses of vaccine by the end of 2021. So far, it has delivered less than 260 million[9].
On September 8, it revised its forecast to only 1.4 billion[10] doses during 2021.
The World Health Organisation says less than 20%[11] of the doses administered have gone to low and lower middle income countries, and while high-income countries have on average administered 100 doses for each 100 people, low-income countries have only managed 1.5 doses for each 100 people.
References
- ^ TRIPS waiver (cdn.theconversation.com)
- ^ revised (cdn.theconversation.com)
- ^ May (ustr.gov)
- ^ longer than the US (theconversation.com)
- ^ The Guardian ()
- ^ TRIPS waiver: there's more to the story than vaccine patents (theconversation.com)
- ^ holding out ()
- ^ two billion ()
- ^ 260 million ()
- ^ 1.4 billion ()
- ^ less than 20% ()
- ^ declined (msfaccess.org)
- ^ US support for waiving COVID vaccine IP is a huge step. (theconversation.com)
- ^ 2023 ()
- ^ Alicat Scientific ()
- ^ public funding ()
- ^ protected by patents (mattstoller.substack.com)
- ^ grotesque (news.un.org)
Authors: Deborah Gleeson, Associate Professor in Public Health, La Trobe University
Read moreHaving a white dining room is a really bold decision so you may be looking for white dining room decorating ideas. In this case it is best to opt for a design that comes with some accents to make sure that the room won’t become boring.
Wooden tabletop
You have the possibility to buy a long white dining room and add some white chairs to it as well. The cupboards in the dining room could also be white. However, in order to have some color in the room, you have the possibility to opt for the tables that come with a natural wood tabletop.
The rug
In case you are looking for decorating ideas for white dining room, you should look for a rug that makes a statement. If the table and the chairs are white, avoid getting a white rug. Instead, go for natural colors. Ensure that the rug is hardwearing, such as coir or sisal.
All white
When thinking about the white dining room decorating ideas we all know that white creates the illusion of a large space. You have the possibility to opt for an all-white dining room, but in this case you should have some colorful accessories, such as a vase with colorful flowers.
Geometric shapes
It’s not difficult to find white dining room ideas for decoration. Think of a table with brown legs and white top, white chairs with brown legs, off-white wallpaper, white, grey, and turquoise light fixtures and don’t forget about the elliptic shaped mirrors on the wall.
Elegant look
Besides being modern, white is also an elegant color. The people looking for white dining rooms decorating tips should think about a white tablecloth, white, upholstered chairs, white walls, and, for some contrast, a mirror on the wall, with a gold colored frame.
Splash of colors
The white dining room decorating ideas also include adding a splash of colors to your dining room. If everything else is white, you may think about adding colorful chairs, such as bright blue or yellow. Also place a vase on the table with some purple flowers.
White and red
You can make a statement through the white dining room decorating ideas if you use the white and red combination. Have a white table and white chairs, but add a red candelabra, red glasses, and red pillows to the chairs.The]
The facts
Mr Dan Simantob (based in Los Angeles) and Mr Yacob Shavleyan (based in London) were both dealers in Islamic antiquities. In 2008, Mr Simantob acquired various textiles that ended up being auctioned at Sotheby's by Mr Shavleyan for £1.2 million. Mr Simantob claimed that, prior to the auction, he had consigned the textiles to Mr Shavleyan to sell in return for a cut of the sale proceeds but Mr Shavleyan claims that he purchased them outright from Mr Simantob. The parties had a long history of working together and decided to enter into a settlement agreement.
Under the terms of that agreement, Mr Shavleyan was to pay Mr Simantob US$1.5 million by 21 May 2010 in full and final settlement of all claims between the parties. In the event that payment was not made by the deadline, a penalty payment of US$1,000 per day would become payable, no matter the amount then outstanding. No payment was made by the deadline and "interest" began accruing.
- End of 2011 - US$1 million paid.
- 21 May 2012 - US$731,000 in "interest" owed (in addition to US$500,000 of the outstanding principal).
- August 2013 – US$100,000 paid.
- April/May 2014 - Mr Shavleyan presented Mr Simantob with eight post-dated cheques (from June 2014 to January 2015) each for US$100,000. Mr Shavleyan's position was that the cheques represented a varied agreement whereby Mr Simantob accepted US$800,000 in full and final settlement of all claims under the settlement agreement. Mr Simantob's position was that the cheques were payments under the settlement agreement towards the outstanding sums due. The eight cheques were never presented for payment but were replaced with other post-dated cheques (in increased sums) at various points.
- February 2016 - Mr Shavleyan transferred a further US$200,000 to Mr Simantob.
- April 2016 - Mr Simantob issued proceedings for US$2,378,000 (US$2,178,000 of which was "interest") and applied for summary judgment. In response, Mr Shavleyan contested the original settlement agreement, having received advice from his lawyers that the US$1,000 per day penalty payment clause might be an unlawful penalty.
US$1000 per day not a penalty - outcome of the summary judgment application
The master (judge) hearing the application awarded summary judgment on the principal amount owed of US$600,000 (being the US$800,000 Mr Shavleyan had acknowledged he owed at the meeting in April/May 2014 less the US$200,000 payment made in February 2016). The master found that the US$1,000 a day penalty payment clause was not an unlawful penalty (even though it was referred to as a penalty and it would result in an interest rate of 1000% per day if there was only US$1 of debt outstanding). The remaining issues of whether (i) the parties had agreed to vary the 2010 settlement agreement in 2014; and (ii) good consideration had been given for the variation, were to be decided at trial.
The judgment at trial
At trial, the judge found that there had been a binding oral agreement in spring 2014 to vary the settlement agreement and that the parties had therefore agreed to cap Mr Shavleyan's liability at US$800,000, with no further "interest" falling due.
The judge found that he was bound by authority to find that a party is not able to pay a lesser sum to fulfil a debt without giving some consideration.[2] For the variation to be binding, therefore, it was necessary to identify some consideration passing from Mr Shavleyan (as debtor) to Mr Simantob (as creditor). It was held that the additional consideration provided to Mr Simantob was Mr Shavleyan relinquishing his claims that the US$1,000 a day penalty payment was an unlawful penalty and that the settlement agreement was invalid. The judge also commented on the commercial advantages that the variation offered Mr Simantob, including the approval of his colleagues and continued access to Mr Shavleyan's expertise in Islamic art and the London market. However, he did not consider these commercial advantages to amount to good consideration.
Mr Simantob appealed the court's decision on the grounds that there had been no good consideration for the variation of the settlement agreement because the master at the summary judgment hearing had found that the US$ 1,000 a day rate of "interest" was not an unlawful penalty.[3]
Judgment of the Court of Appeal
The Court of Appeal upheld the first instance decision, finding that there is a difference between a defence (or claim) which a party knows to be invalid or believes not to be valid, and one which may be doubtful but it believes in and pursues. The court found that the latter applied in Mr Shavleyan's case and that there had therefore been good consideration. The fact that the penalty payment clause had been found by the master at first instance to be lawful was immaterial to whether there was genuine doubt on behalf of Mr Shavleyan as to the merits of his defence when the variation was agreed (i.e. in 2014). The court noted that Mr Shavleyan's defence in the summary judgment hearing had been based around the penalty payment clause and that he plainly intended to raise it in any proceedings brought by Mr Simantob. The court was also mindful of public policy considerations around encouraging parties to settle disputes amongst themselves and "holding people to their commercial bargains".
It is trite law, familiar to every student of English law, that for a contract to be binding under English law, each party must receive "good" consideration. Yet what can be "good" consideration has been the focus of fluctuating case law. In 1884, the House of Lords held that the practical benefit of receiving part payment of a debt more quickly than receiving the full amount was not good consideration.[4] In 1991, the Court of Appeal held that practical benefits could be sufficient consideration where performance of an existing obligation was offered in return for additional
payment.[5] In 1993, the Court of Appeal held that that did not apply to part payment of debts.[6] In this case, the Court of Appeal seems to be straining again to find good consideration for part payment of a debt.
The court's finding that the consideration provided by Mr Shavleyan was his relinquishing his right to bring a claim that the penalty payment clause was void is particularly interesting given that Mr Shavleyan appears to not have even been aware of that right until 2015, after the alleged variation agreement, and had no hesitation in asserting that claim when Mr Simantob started proceedings. It may well be that the court was looking to achieve a fair result in terms of the penalty payment clause but was bound by the findings of the master at the summary judgment hearing (which had not been appealed by Mr Shavleyan).
In practical terms, until the issue is determined by the Supreme Court, the case acts as a reminder to parties to document any agreement (or variation to an agreement) to avoid the validity of the agreement being challenged down the line. Parties should also carefully consider whether good consideration has been provided and, if there is any doubt, make a payment to the contractual counterparty of a nominal amount (e.g. £1).[7]
[1] Simantob v Shavleyan [2019] EWCA Civ 1105
[2] Foakes v Beer (1884) 9 App Cas 605; Williams v Roffey Bros & Nicholls (Contractors) Ltd (1991) 1 QB 1 (CA)
[3] Cook v Wright (1861) 1 B & S 559
[4] Foakes v Beer (1884) 9 App Cas 605
[5] Williams v Roffey Bros & Nicholls (Contractors) Ltd (1991) 1 QB 1 (CA)
[6] Re Selectmove [1995] 1 WLR 473
[7] Or a non-monetary item in the case of releasing a debt. …
25/5/2017, · ,Rust,. Both aluminum and ,steel, gutters resist ,rust,. However, aluminum resists it slightly better than ,galvanized steel,. This is due in part to the fact that the ,steel, is coated in a thin layer of zinc to prevent rusting. This zinc is easily scratched off, ….!
These ,plates, are thin enough for embossing, which produces raised characters similar to a license ,plate,. This is useful in washdown applications where ,engraved, or stamped impressions may fill with water or wear away.
For temperatures below 400°C, ,steel does, not show any loss in strength. Therefore, for temperatures of around 400°C, even though the temperature in a ,galvanized steel, member is lower than that in an equivalent non-,galvanized steel, member, this ,does, not necessarily translate into a significant difference in strength.
Galvanized Steel, Coatings (HDG) Galvanization is the practice of dipping ,steel, in hot, molten zinc, and a ‘metallurgical bond’ should form between the zinc and ,steel,. This process helps ,steel,-based structures last longer (about 50 to 100 years) at a corrosion rate of 1/30 of bare ,steel,, and is low-cost in terms of maintenance and first-time and lifetime costs.
White Rust on Galvanized Steel, Introduction ,Galvanized steel, has a long history as an effective and economical material of construction for evaporative cooling systems. ,Galvanized steel, consists of a thin coating of zinc fused to a ,steel, substrate. This combination provides material that has the mechanical properties of ,steel, enhanced with the ...
EMT is very flimsy and prone to rust - inexpensive and easy to work with, but not a great railing material, IMHO. Rigid would work nicely, and probably not rust for a good long time if the galvanizing was not deeply scratched.! an "aged" or "weathered" look.
Raw and boiled. Donâ t let ,rust, make a home in an overlapping weld joint. If there’s a coating over the ,steel,, water will only reach the coating rather than the iron within.
24/7/2018, · Galvanizing is a coating process that protects an underlying steel from rust using a protective layer of zinc. However, it is possible for this zinc to form its own kind of “rust”, known as white rust. What Is White Rust? White rust is a white, chalky substance that can form on the surface of zinc materials, like galvanized steel.
Raw and boiled. Donâ t let ,rust, make a home in an overlapping weld joint. If there’s a coating over the ,steel,, water will only reach the coating rather than the iron within
Galvanized steel is ideal for marine environments because of it a protective layer over carbon steel. Stainless steel is made up of carbon and other metals, and the carbon compound will react with salt water resulting in rust. The zinc layer on galvanized steel prevents this reaction. Worksites within five miles of a saltwater coast should only use galvanized steel.
Hotline
TEL:+86 13526880645
Company email
systeelplate@outlook.com
Business cooperation
+86 13526880645
Company address
No.186, Zi Dong Road, Guan Cheng District, Zheng Zhou, He Nan Province.Good health is way more than battling the scale – we need good quality muscle mass.
It’s in our genetic blueprint – our bodies cannot stay healthy without consistent vigorous exercise and that means strong lean muscles.
Movement is what triggers a chemical reaction that tells every single cell in our tissues, organs and systems to repair, rebuild and renew itself.
It’s no secret that strong, fit muscles are mandatory for body strength but not many people realize that muscle mass also serves as the body’s armor and defense against illness and disease, improving more than just body composition, muscle force and mobility.
Strength training is key.
Strong muscles open the door to a strong immune system. Strong muscles make the body work better at repairing tissue and fighting off disease as well as dealing with stress.
They are, in effect, a protective shield in the body against disease, leading us to stellar health and longevity.
Why do people get sick when they feel stressed or depressed? Because the immune system slows down when stress hormones are released.
Studies reveal that regular strength training exercise provides long-term immune protection – because it causes adaptations that allow the body to withstand stress and recover from it more efficiently.
How exercise helps us deal with stress:
Exercise helps reduce the release of stress hormones and releases good hormones instead.
Regular exercise provides an outlet for and consumes much of the nervous energy produced by stress.
Exercise shifts ones’ focus away from any external factors producing the stress.
MUSCLE MASS MATTERS
If we don’t consistently give the body the correct stimulus that triggers muscle growth and strengthens the immune system, once we reach our mid-twenties, things begin to shift and the slow process of muscle wasting begins.
In other words, if our muscles are not getting the physical “work” required (what they were created for – their reason for being), they will start losing about ½ pound of muscle tissue loss per year from disuse.
If that’s not bad enough, after age 50 this number doubles.
This change in body composition – the loss of precious muscle tissue accompanied by an increase in body fat – puts extra strain on all systems, siphoning away strength, weakening the entire body and opening the door to disease.
The reality is, after we reach the age of 30, we basically have two options available to us –
We can either give in to the long process of becoming weaker with time (destroying our immune system along the way) or we can work at maintaining our strength (building our immune system) for the rest of our life.
Loss of lean muscle with increased body fat causes way more damage that what appears in the mirror or even the effects it has on our immune system.
Weak flabby muscles cannot help the heart push oxygen and nutrient rich blood around the body so all cells, tissues and organs suffer. This changes the balance of fats in the blood and can lead to heart attack and stroke. It also alters sugar metabolism increasing obesity and diabetes.
Even the brain suffers a downgrade and this is dangerous because it is the central processing unit – comparable to the hard drive on a computer.
Bottom line is this – the loss of muscle tissue hastens the degenerative processes and conditions that characterize the dreaded aging process. When the bodily systems weaken, including the immune system, it leaves one exposed to life threatening disease and illness.
It’s not only physical health that suffers, but mental and emotional health suffer as well. Moods, anxiety, stress levels, levels of happiness and satisfaction with your life are all impacted with the loss of lean muscle tissue.
Strength training – the one simple lifestyle strategy amounting to 2-3 total hours each week dedicated to maintaining your physique, provides you with a strong immune system offering a massive reduction in disease risk and ultimately extended health and longevity.
Activity that works our muscular system forces us to grow. So, what are you waiting for?
Isn’t it time to right the wrongs you have committed against your body? You can regain vitality, muscular strength, endurance and lead a higher quality of life beginning now…
If you truly want to take command of your life, build your immunity and avoid disease somewhere down the road…
“Healthy Self Healing” can help you do just that…
For more tools and resources from Carolyn Hansen to assist you in attaining your health and fitness goals please visit:What people are saying - Write a review
We haven't found any reviews in the usual places.
Selected pages
Other editions - View all
Common terms and phrases
acceleration according acting action amount angle angular applied attraction axes axis becomes body called centre centre of inertia circle component condition consider constant corresponding couple course curvature curve denote density described determined direction displacement distance divided effect elastic elements energy equal equations equilibrium evidently experience expression figure fixed fluid force give given gravity harmonic Hence important increase infinitely small instant internal kinetic length less mass matter mean measured method motion moving natural normal observation opposite parallel particle passing path perpendicular plane portion position potential practical pressure principal problem produce projection proportional quantity radius reference relative remain remarkable respectively resultant right angles rigid rotation round sides simple solid space spherical square straight strain stress suppose surface theory turned uniform unit velocity weight whole wire
Popular passages
Page 3 - Mathematical and Physical Papers. By Sir W. THOMSON, LL.D., DCL, FRS, Professor of Natural Philosophy, in the University of Glasgow. Collected from different Scientific Periodicals from May, 1841, to the present time.
Page, fs.
Page 7 - The Gospel according to St Matthew in Anglo-Saxon and Northumbrian Versions, synoptically arranged : with Collations of the best Manuscripts. By JM KEMBLE, MA and Archdeacon HARDWICK.
Page 6 - 7 - Morgan's Investigation of the Trinity of Plato, and of Philo Judaeus, and of the effects which an attachment to their writings had upon the principles and reasonings of the Fathers of the Christian Church.
Page 6 - Wheatly on the Common Prayer, edited by GE CORRIE, DD Master of Jesus College, Examining Chaplain to the late Lord Bishop of Ely. Demy Octavo. 7*. dd. The Homilies, with Various Readings, and the Quotations from the Fathers given at length in the Original Languages.
Page 4 - A Catalogue of the Collection of Cambrian and Silurian Fossils contained in the Geological Museum of the University of Cambridge, by JW SALTER, FGS With a Preface by the Rev.
Page 6 - THEOLOGY— (ENGLISH). Works of Isaac Barrow, compared with the original MSS., enlarged with Materials hitherto unpublished. A new Edition, by A. NAPIER, MA of Trinity College, Vicar of Holkham, Norfolk.
Page 6 - The Homilies, with Various Readings, and the Quotations from the Fathers given at length in the Original Languages. Edited by GE CORRIE, DD Master of Jesus College. Demy Octavo.
Page 65 - Every body continues in its state of rest or of uniform motion in a straight line, except in so far as it is compelled by force to change that state.Description
Subscribe Now:
Watch More:
The Mexican rice included in tacos doesn't always have to be as unhealthy as people seem to want to make it. Make healthy Mexican rice for tacos with help from a personal chef in this free video clip.
Expert: Chris Antes
Filmmaker: Bilal Yesuf
Series Description: When made properly, the food you serve on taco night will quickly help it become the most popular night of the week in your home. Have fun with taco night with help from a personal chef in this free video series.Pakistan Jobs
Jobs in Pakistan
Government Jobs
Jobs by Date
Jobs by Location
Jobs by Profession
Jobs by Industry
Jobs by Organization
More
Health Department Balochistan Jobs October 2021 Vaccinators & ASVs Latest
04-Oct-2021 (Monday)
in
Jang
Share This Ad With Your Friends
Positions:
330 Vaccinators
35 ASVs
Health Department Balochistan Jobs October 2021 Vaccinators & ASVs
Advertisement in Daily Jang Newspaper on Monday 04-October-2021
Government of Balochistan / Pakistan , Public Sector
Matriculate / Matric - Pass
Diploma in Health Technology / Vaccinator
Pharmacist / Compounder / Dispenser
Vaccinator Jobs in Health Department Balochistan October 2021
Maximum / Minimum - Age - Relaxation / Limit
Academic / Educational - Requirements , Eligibility Criteria
Nasirabad , Naseerabad , Nushki , Pishin , Panjgur , Quetta
Killa Abdullah , Qilla Saifullah , Sorab , Sibi , Sherani , Sohbatpur
Turbat , Lasbela , Washuk , Zhob , Ziarat
Balochistan - Domicile / Quota
ASV Jobs in Health Department Balochistan October 2021
Awaran , Barkhan , Chagai , Dera Bugti , Dukki , Gawadar
Gwadar , Harnai , Jafarabad , Jhal Magsi , Kachi , Kallat
Kharan , Khuzdar , Kohlu , Loralai , Musakhel , Mastung
Healthcare , Hospital , Paramedics , Medical , Health
Directorate General Health Services Quetta / Balochistan
Health Department Balochistan Vaccinator Jobs October 2021 Pakistan
Application Deadline / Procedure , Last Date to Apply , How to Apply
PRQ No. 1059/03-10-2021
AdvertisementsMy hummus obsession continues…
This time I’ve created a spicy, smoky delight. It’s perfect for snacking or spreading on sandwiches.
Servings: 12
Calories: 93kcal
Equipment
- 2 bowls
Ingredients
- 2 15.5 oz cans chick peas
- 1/2 cup kalamata olives
- 2 preserved lemons chopped and seeded
- 4 cloves garlic
- 1/2 cup tahini
- 2 tsp cumin
- 1/2 tsp smoked paprika
- 1/3 cup fresh lemon juice
- 1 tsp crushed red pepper
- 2 tbsp cold water
- 2 tbsp olive oil
Instructions
- Rinse chick peas
- Add just enough water to cover chick peas. Boil for 20 minutes
- Drain chick peas and peel under cold running water. I usually have two bowls on either side of the strainer. One for peels and one for the chick peas
- Peel garlic
- Quarter the preserved lemons and remove any seeds
- In the food processor, add the garlic and the preserved lemon
- Add 1 tablespoon of olive oil and pulse until the lemon is broken down a bit
- Add the kalamata olives
- Add the chick peas and pulse. Add water as needed for easier blending
- Add the tahini and the second tablespoon of olive oil and blend
- Add the lemon juice and the cumin, smoked paprika and crushed red pepper. Scrape the sides and blend again until fully mixed
- Chill for at least one hour before serving. Top with a smoked paprika and a splash of olive oil when serving.
Nutrition
Calories: 93kcal | Carbohydrates: 3g | Protein: 2g | Fat: 9g | Saturated Fat: 1g | Sodium: 95mg | Potassium: 66mg | Fiber: 1g | Sugar: 1g | Vitamin A: 124IU | Vitamin C: 3mg | Calcium: 22mg | Iron: 1mg
Tried this recipe?Let us know how it was!2.1. Preparation of recombinant proteins
2.2. ScpA activity assays
2.3. Surface plasmon resonance studies
2.4. Competitive binding assay
2.6. Mass spectrometry analysis of recombinant rhC5a and rhC5aC75 proteins
Isothermal titration calorimetry (ITC) was used to measure thermodynamic parameters for ScpAS512A-rhC5a binding in solution. Measurements were performed using an iTC200 calorimeter (MicroCal, U.S.A.) equipped with a 200 μL sample cell (GE Healthcare). Purified protein samples were extensively dialysed against 50 mM Hepes-KOH buffer, pH 7.5 containing 150 mM NaCl. The reference power was set to 4.5 μcal/sec and the instrument was equilibrated to 25 °C. ScpAS512A (18 μM) was placed in the sample cell and titrated with 170 μM rhC5a in 2.5 μL injections with 120 s interval between the injections and stirring (1000 rpm). Titration data were collected in triplicate and analysed with the ORIGIN software package (MicroCal, U.S.A.). The peaks areas were integrated and corrected for the heat of rhC5a dilution. Plots of kcal/mol of injectant versus molar ratio were analyzed with the ‘one set of sites’ model to obtain values for the association binding constant (KA), stoichiometry (N), and the enthalpy of binding (ΔHbind), entropy of binding (ΔSbind) were determined. The reported equilibrium dissociation constant (KDITC) was derived from KA.100 % free Modern casino Game titles Little or no Download
pCan 10, 2021. a href= Complimentary slot activities can be the most played on line casino video games, way larger than blackjack , roulette, or any kind of some other on the internet casino sport away there. !./p
pÐ./p
pThere./p
pBlack./p
pToday./p
pThat./p- This event has passed.
Magician Brian Scott in action at Burbank Central Library
Monday, January 12, 2015 @ 7:00 pm - 8:30 pm
An evening of fun! Magician, Brian Scott, is set for a performance of comedy, oddities, and oh yes, magic. It’s part of family night at the Burbank libraries. The event is free and open to the public. For more information call 818-238-5610.The Frank and Michelle Hevrdejs Collection at Tacoma Art Museum
By Alec Clayton
Published in the Weekly Volcano, Nov. 16, 2017
Two galleries in the Tacoma Art Museum are filled with 60 paintings from 200 years of American still life painting from the Frank and Michelle Hevrdejs Collection. Included are works by such masters as James Peale, Georgia O’Keeffe, Andrew Wyeth and Wayne Thiebaud, plus many lesser known artists. The paintings are clustered chronologically from the early 19th century through contemporary 21st century paintings.
From the earliest American still life paintings until the advent of Pop Art, the European influence is strong, especially 17th century Dutch painting in the early years, French Impressionism from the late 1800s and into the early 20th century, and then European modernism, most notably Cezanne and Cubism.
America became fascinated with Trompe l’oeil or “fool the eye” painting in the late 1800s, with paintings by such artists as William Merritt Chase; John Frederick Peto; and most celebrated of all, William Michael Harnett. Paintings by these artists look so realistic that audiences at the time said you couldn’t tell them from photographs —although even the most skillfully painted Trompe l’oeil pictures fell far short of the photographic illusionism of late 20th century Photo Realism.
The most noticeable feature of the earlier works in this show is how dark they are. Nearly every painting has black or exceedingly dark backgrounds, and brown, dark green and black predominate. When we move into the 20th century, palettes lighten significantly.
There is a large section of Impressionist paintings featuring little known American Impressionists (with few exceptions, American Impressionism never rivaled French Impressionism). Frankly, these paintings do not belong in this exhibition. They are not still lifes. They are pictures of women in gardens and in interior scenes and are included only because the interior scenes contain a few still life elements.
The beauty, the excitement, and the artistic quality that makes this exhibition worth seeing is nearly all to the found in the paintings from the 1920s to the most recent work in the show. Scott Fraser’s “Lemon, Lemon,” for example, an oil painting from 2014 of two lemons sitting on sticks with long, spiral peels hanging down. With its dark background and golden yellow lemons, it is like a reemergence of Trompe l’oeil, but with a clever modern twist.
What makes the later works stand out so much from the earlier, in addition to the lighter palettes, is that they are more concerned with the elements of art than with the faithful reproduction of the appearance of objects. They distort perspective, use color expressively, and are concerned with the arrangement of objects in relation to one another.
Thomas Hart Benton’s “Abstract Still Life,” for example, depicts a flower with solid, abstract forms that have a sculptural look and beautifully glowing colors, and Emil Bisttram’s “Still Life with Red Apples” is like a Cubist still life by Picasso or Braque with a dance across the surface of contrasting dark and light forms.
William H. Bailey’s “Still Life with Pitcher and Eggs” is as realistic as any of the paintings by earlier artists but is clearly more about balance and contrast than it is about the appearance of the pitchers and eggs, and the velvety nuances of brown and white make you want to reach out and touch them.
And then there is Wayne Thiebeaud’s “Jelly Rolls (for Morton),” three jelly rolls in a line on a counter with a dark blue background and glowing, lighter blue shadows. I would venture to say that everyone who loves art has seen reproductions of Thiebeaud still lifes in books and magazines, but to see them in person — the thickness of his brushstrokes and the lushness of his colors —is to experience pure beauty that is transformative. Seeing this painting alone is worth the price of admission. It is a small painting at 19-by-22 inches, and unfortunately presented in a ridiculous frame, but how anything so small and so simple can have such a powerful impact is almost beyond comprehension.
I recommend you see this show for the Thiebeaud, for the William H. Bailey, and for the history lesson.
Tacoma Art Museum, Tuesday-Sunday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., through Jan. 7, $13-$15, third Thursday free 5-8 p.m., 1701 Pacific Ave. Tacoma,EMPIRELION Thermal Lightweight Cycling Helmet Liner Full Cover Ears Running Skull Cap Beanie Hats Unisex
EMPIRELION Lightweight Thermal Cycling Helmet Liner Full Cover Ears Running Skull Cap Beanie Hats Unisex (Black with Grey Binding+Black with Grey Binding): Clothing. Buy EMPIRELION Lightweight Thermal Cycling Helmet Liner Full Cover Ears Running Skull Cap Beanie Hats Unisex (Black with Grey Binding+Black with Grey Binding): Shop top fashion brands Hats & Caps at ✓ FREE DELIVERY and Returns possible on eligible purchases. 88% Polyester, 12% Spandex 。 GREAT SPORTS ACCESSORIES: As a helmet liner or skull cap when cycling, snowboarding or skiing in cold weather. Wear it as you running, walking，Hiking or playing Baseball & football. Lightweight and easy to pocket, perfect for outdoor sports and workout. 。 WARM AND COMFORT: With Emp-Quick-drying technology, it is breathable & moisture wicking. The premium soft fabrics (88% polyester & 12% spandex Brushed inside Fleece) provide premium performance for Zero-pilling. 。 FUNCTION & SAFETY: Covers ears designed - keep ears warm in cold weather, like as Winter or Morning; Reflective logo - keep running safe, in the evening or night when the light is weak. 。 UNISEX STYLE: low profile designs and the pure black color ensure our hats can be used by men and women. It is great for Skiing, Motorcycling, Camping,Running, Biking, , Mountain Climbing,Airsoft paintball, Hunting, Tactical training, and other outdoor activities. 。 ONE SIZE FITS MOST: With strong stretchy, our caps can fits well for different shapes of heads. Youth, adults, middle ages, most of it is fine with! 。 Product details Department : Mens 。 Date First Available : September 26, 2019 。 ASIN : B07YFNZ22L 。 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★。 ★ IT IS YOUR LIFE - Healthier Nature.★。 ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ ★。What & Workout in extreme cold weather。☆ Easy Washing: Machine wash in Cold water and neutral washing;Choose to rinse or weak wash;Dry it flat,and can be ironed。NOTE: Do not iron reflective logo.。Packable: Easily throw in your bag or jacket pocket as you head out the door.。Lightweight: Only about 0.5 ounces (20g)/pc。Material: 90% Polyester 10% Elastane。Size: One size fits all。Color: Multicolour 。 。 。
EMPIRELION Thermal Lightweight Cycling Helmet Liner Full Cover Ears Running Skull Cap Beanie Hats Unisex
WM & MW Mens Plus Size Tracksuit Long Sleeve Stand Neck Full Zip Sweatshirt Jacket Tops Pants Sets Athletic Sweat Suits, Womens Classic High Rise Skinny Jeans Stretch Slim Pencil Pants Denim Trousers, Kayak Inflatable Outriggers Stabilizers Kit Canoe Buoy Float Standing Water Float Buoy. 8 Adult XXX-Large Century Martial Arts Middleweight Student Uniform with Elastic Pant Black. TOYANDONA 3pcs Flexible Flyer Snow Sleds Lightweight Flying Carpet Portable Rolling Snow Slider Disc Toy Snow Saucer Sleds for Kids Outdoor Random Color. 7.2-Feet Long 28-mm Shaft Diameter 1,500-lbs Capacity 45-lbs Bar Solid Iron Barbell for Weight Training and Power Lifting Olympic Weightlifting Barbell. $1 foxwoods mgm grand ledyard,connecticut resort obsolete casino chip, BEP SPST Lighted Off/On Nylon Toggles. Fanmats Sports Team Logo Clemson University Drink Mat 3.25x24, Ehunt Foldable Portable Silicone Water Bottle Camping Cup with Anti-Leak Valve BPA Free Sports Cup, HALLOMOTOR eBike Hydraulic Disc Brake Kits with Front Dual Brake Calipers, Mammut 1190-00020 Astro Guide Glove. Rich-n-Tone RNT DC Mondo Duck Call. Posters and Prints by Magnetic Impressions Unframed Swimming Tenth of a Second Quote 8 x 10 Sport Poster Print, One Size POC Race Stuff 165 Skiing Bag Uranium Black. 4.5 H W D ,Pop Up Style x 3 Gagalileo Baseball Softball Practice Pitching Net,Pitching Training Net for Baseball Softball with Strike Zone Catcher Target and Carry Bag x 4. Honoson 8 Pieces Kayak Tie Down Straps 8 Feet Kayak Tie Adjustable Canoe Bow and Stern Tie Downs Reinforced Tie Down Straps for Kayak Canoe.
- Chrome/Chartreuse Bomber Salt Water Nylure Pompano Jig
- Alcraft Ibiza 48 fl oz Lead-Free Crystal Carafe Wine Decanter
- Walker 53315 Quiet-Flow Stainless Steel Muffler Assembly
- Kenda Cruiser K671 Motorcycle Street Tire 140/70H-16
- Grandpa Est 2021 Fun Gift for First Time Grandparents Bold 16 oz Glasses New Grandfather Beer Can Pint Glass
- Sopaila Pearl Beads Eyeglasses Chain String Holder Sunglasses Necklace Chain Cords
- ARIAT Womens Real Aztec JacketFor the last three years, law firm Perkins Coie, the XR Association, and Boost VC have conducted a survey on industry attitudes toward AR and VR technology.
Here, we look at some of the major trends in the survey. We also look at how they compare to similar recent studies in the AR and VR world.
Before we jump into the survey results, there are a couple of things to understand going in.
First, while this study is being released in what is (hopefully) the height of the COVID-19 panic, the results were collected before the outbreak. So, while social distancing and remote work has definitely increased the buzz around AR and VR technology, it didn’t drive the results in this report.
“Of note, the Fourth Annual AR/VR Survey was conducted at the outset of the coronavirus outbreak, before the pandemic gripped the global community,” read a press release shared with ARPost by Perkins Coie.
Second, the survey primarily reflects the views of industry and enterprise – not entertainment. This is the case with a number of these surveys for a number of reasons. One reason is that the needs, hopes, and fears of industry are different than those of entertainment. The other is that the markets are completely different and looking at entertainment washes out everything else.
Plummeting hardware and software costs, increasingly impactful applications outside of entertainment, and the ubiquity of mobile devices are contributing to the rise of immersive XR technologies..
Major Trends
Coming in at 33 pages, we won’t cover everything that the survey found. It’s linked above if you want to take the plunge for yourself, but we’ll unpack a couple of key findings.
Increasing Adoption
Perhaps the biggest takeaway of the whole report was confidence in increasing adoption of AR and VR in industry.
“Plummeting hardware and software costs, increasingly impactful applications outside of entertainment, and the ubiquity of mobile devices are contributing to the rise of immersive XR technologies,” reads the report’s executive summary.
One key reason for this increased adoption, in addition to technological factors, are socio-economic factors. The report specifically mentions “smart cities.”
“Smart cities are generally defined as places where new technologies like cloud computing, advanced analytics, and blockchain are deployed to improve the delivery of services and quality of life,” is stated in the report.. “Increasingly, immersive technologies are becoming a part of the urban landscape in many of these pioneering municipalities around the world.”
Similarly, excitement over the advent of 5G internet is reportedly driving increased excitement over AR and VR technology.
Diversified Monetization
Monetization of AR and VR experiences needs to do two things. It needs to allow the producer to pay off and profit from the experience. It also needs to make the experience affordable and usable for users.
According to the study, producers are looking for – and finding – new ways of monetizing their experiences. These include offering subscriptions, product placement and advertisements, and in-app purchases. Incidence of all of these methods are increasingly being used from last year.
The topic of allowing in-app purchases was a significant topic of discussion during Facebook’s Game Developer’s Showcase earlier this month.
AR Over VR?
Any casual XR users still may or may not be surprised to hear that three-fourths of respondents said that they expect AR to pass VR in revenue in the future.
In entertainment, VR is often the flashier, more exciting technology. However, with phone-compatible AR experiences and their ability to enhance data visualization and real-world environments, AR is often more exciting to industry and enterprise.
Disruption in Healthcare
Respondents to the survey found healthcare to be the field most “ripe for disruption” – after entertainment, naturally.
That shouldn’t be surprising. Immerse UK’s study similarly identified healthcare as one of their top “potential growth areas” for AR and VR technology.
Increased Spending
Another two-thirds of respondents said that they expect spending by businesses on AR and VR technology to be higher in 2020.
This is an exciting and nuanced result. This survey and the Immerse UK survey both found funding to be a barrier to larger adoption.
Nearly half of respondents (46%) said that “lack of established market for the technology” is potential investors’ most common concern.
Data Security
Another persistent barrier identified in the report involved concerns regarding data security. This is a particularly large issue when it comes to healthcare. Both the study by Immerse UK and a late 2019 report by Mojo Vision identified similar concerns.
Many VR applications and all AR applications require the use of a device’s camera. Any time that a camera and the internet are required for an application, there are potential security concerns. This is doubly true with many AR applications relying on the cloud to reduce memory requirements and increase computing power.
While this study did identify data security as a sticky concern, they also identified that those concerns were down among respondents.
“In the 2019 survey, 61% of respondents cited consumer privacy and data security as the top legal risks for developing immersive technology applications and content,” read the release from Perkins Cloi. “This year, that percentage dropped to 49%, which likely stems from companies’ decisions to proactively address and update privacy policies and disclosures regarding consumer data.”
Takeaways
This survey, and every other industry survey we’ve come across, have agreed that AR and VR technology has a growing place in the workforce. Particularly, healthcare (yes, and entertainment) have an affinity for these technologies.
However, there are still some obstacles. While data privacy may be sorting itself out, establishing markets takes time in any new industry.
About the Survey
The survey was sent to nearly 200 XR professionals including established tech firms, startups, and investors.
Perkins Coie is an international law firm specializing in commercial litigation, intellectual property, and regulatory legal advice.
The XR Association represents AR and VR technology manufacturers.
Boost VC is a venture capital accelerator that works with emerging technology startups.Order Checks
Out of checks? No problem!
Order checks in a flash!
Online ordering is a fee-free service. Your account will only be debited for the purchase price of your new checks and the amount will appear on your TDECU account statement. All you'll need is a reorder form or a deposit slip.
First time ordering?
If this is your first time ordering checks for your account, please contact Member Care at 1-800-839-1154 or visit a Member Center to place your initial order..Which is the best online photo book maker?
Which is the best online photo book maker?.
How do I choose a photo book?
Factors to consider for determining your photo book size
- How many photos do you want to feature?
- What size are your photos?
- What is the orientation of your photos?
- Do you want to add any text/captions?
- Where will you display your photo book?
- Photobook size options.
What resolution should a photo book be?
300dpi
What resolution is best for printing photos?
300 pixels/inch
What is a 4 by 6 photo?.
What does 4x6 photo mean?
A standard 4×6 photo is basically as it sounds: 4 inches by 6 inches.
What is the aspect ratio of a 4x6 photo?
3:2
What is a 5 by 7 photo?
the standard is width (5) and then height(7). ... The sizes are written length by height. So 5x7 is for vertical photos and 7x5 is for horizontal photos.
Which aspect ratio is best for photography?
3:2 aspect ratio
What is 4x5 pixels?
Is 1920x1080 16x9?
What aspect ratio is 1920x1080? 1920 x 1080 is a 16:9 aspect ratio.
How do I increase pixels in a photo?
Change pixel dimensions of an image
- Choose Image > Image Size.
- To maintain the current ratio of pixel width to pixel height, select Constrain Proportions. ...
- Under Pixel Dimensions, enter values for Width and Height. ...
- Make sure that Resample Image is selected, and choose an interpolation method.
What size is 1920x1080 pixels in inches?
a 23 inch 1920x1080 pixel LCD screen (110% text size) shows it as 5.
What is 1920x1080 in pixels?
2,073,600 pixels
What is 1920x many inches is 50 pixels?
Pixel (X) to Inch Conversion Table›
I Am Not Afraid of Electronics 1
STPI – Creative Workshop & Gallery
Playfulness conjoins with an increasing visual resuscitation for I Am Not Afraid of Electronics. What begins in all these works as an almost naïve challenge, over time develops a different character. While Zul’s playful works initially remind viewers of tic-tac-toe, over time, as we start to notice the embossed impression of electronic circuitry as if hiding from plain view and thus begs for our more precise attention, one is drawn into questions on the elusive nature of infrastructure. With this newfound perspective, the title thus takes on a more resonating meaning, that of a firm declaration against the covert systems which remain quite unknowable to us.
Also the most brilliantly-coloured out of all his STPI’s works, the bold primary colours are a mirror of the basic electronic circuitry that produces pure sinewave. This thus adds another visual layer in how we can enter the sound-focused artistic enquiry of Zul Mahmod.print; emboss on paper 9-part installation
Size:
32 x 32 cm each
Year:
2021US private equity firm wins auction for Britain's Morrisons
An American private equity group has narrowly won the battle to buy British supermarket chain Morrisons following a dramatic auction for the company
LONDON -- Morrisons board accepted. Later in August, CD&R returned with an increased bid of 7 billion pounds, which were keen to stress they want to uphold the supermarket’s values and attempted to ward off suggestions they will start selling off vast swathes of the company’s property assets.
Private equity firms typically acquire undervalued companies and then look for ways to cut costs and boost profits before selling them at a profit. British assets are widely considered to be cheaper than they otherwise would have been as a result of Britain’s departure from the European Union and the coronavirus pandemic.
The Usdaw union, which represents many workers at Morrisons, is seeking discussions with the prospective owners over their plans.
“We have heard the assurances already given and welcome the constructive working relationship that Usdaw has experienced so far," said Joanne McGuinness, Usdaw national officer.
Morrisons was founded in 1899 as an egg and butter stall in a market in the north England city of Bradford. It steadily expanded and became a publicly listed business in 1967. It expanded further in 2004 with the acquisition of rival Safeway, a move that grew its presence in the south of England.
The firm is now largely owned by a raft of institutional shareholders, including Silchester International, Columbia, Blackrock and Schroders.Corrine Rapley
A Visual Journey of the land, sea and sky
Fine Artist from Mandurah, Western Australia
Please Send me a message
to purchase my paintings or see on Bluethumb Art
Sat, 08 May | CASM - Contemporary Art Spaces Mandurah
Transitions - Group Exhibition
A Group exhibition by former Artists in Residence of Contemporary Art Spaces Mandurah.
Registration is Closed
Time & Location
08 May, 11:00 am AWST – 06 June, 4:00 pm AWST
CASM - Contemporary Art Spaces Mandurah, 63 Ormsby Terrace, Mandurah WA 6210, Australia
About the Event
Transitions - 12 artists from the residency program over the years will return this year to Contemporary Art Spaces Mandurah (CASM), to showcase how the experience has changed their art practices, methods and concepts.
Corrine Rapley was an - Artist in Residence for 12 months in 2015. Culminating in her first Solo Exhibition "Whispers on the Wind and Water" in July 2016 at CASM Gallery.
Artist Talks are planned for over the duration of the exhibition. TBA
Opening Night Celebration - Friday 7th May 6.00pm - continues until Sunday 6th June 2021.
To be officially opened by unique artist Monique Tippett of Lost Eden Creative Gallery, Dwellingup.WA 11.
(R-Sr.) Eric Barriere, QB, Eastern Washington
Another week, another dominant performance from Eastern Washington’s Eric Barriere. Against a top 10 opponent in UC Davis, Barriere completed 34 passes on 54 attempts for 411 yards, 3 touchdowns, and 0 interceptions. It was Barriere’s 7th game this season with over 300 passing yards and his first since he threw 600 yards and 7 touchdowns against Idaho. It also continued his impressive streak of throwing for at least 2 touchdowns in every single game this season, something he’s done 17 of his last 18 starts.
The majority of Barrier’s success on Saturday came in the intermediate area of the field where he completed 12 of 23 for 229 yards, 1 touchdown, and 1 big time throw. On throws in the short area, Barriere threw 2 of his touchdowns and was the highest graded QB of the week at 83.6. As his final collegiate season comes to an end, Barriere is once again putting up historic level production. He’s surpassed career highs in passing yards, touchdowns, while once again being nominated for the FCS Player of the Year. Barriere will lead his squad into Oregon next week to take on Portland State in the regular season finale.
(Sr.) Daniel Hardy, EDGE, Montana State
Montana State EDGE Daniel Hardy showed once again why he’s one of the best pass rushers in the FCS. Hardy recorded an unbelievable 9 pressures on Saturday and had a weekend high 38.1% win rate. He also had 1.5 sacks, his first sacks since they played Weber State a few weeks ago, and a pass rushing productivity score of 28.6. Hardy’s performance earned him a PFF grade of 80.1 to along with a 72.6 pass rushing grade and 72.1 grade in run defense.
After receiving inconsistent playing time his first 3 seasons, Hardy has firmly established himself as a dominant force. He’s just outside the top 10 in sacks with 9.5 and has 16.0 tackles for loss, 1 forced fumble, and 3 pass breakups. He had far and away his career best PFF grade 78.7, a massive step up from the 60.6 he posted in 2019.
(So.) Marte Mapu, DB, Sacramento State
With 2 key interceptions last weekend, the highest graded cornerback in the FCS was Marte Mapu. He was targeted 6 times in coverage and allowed just 2 catches for 7 yards and no first downs. Mapu also didn’t commit a single penalty or miss any tackles.
Mapu has been excellent for Sacramento State this season with the 5th highest PFF grade amongst cornerbacks at 84.4 and the third highest coverage grade. He’s allowed just 7 first downs all year, has a passer rating against of 32.1, and has picked off 5 passes.
(Jr.) Jake Chisholm, RB, Dayton
Dayton running back Jake Chisholm put together one of the top offensive performances of the season in week 11. His incredible day consisted of 334 all purpose yards and 5 touchdowns. He rushed for 226 yards on 34 carries and had 3 catches for 46 yards and 2 touchdowns.
Chisholm’s performance Saturday was a good reminder of how versatile he is as a running back. As a freshman, Chisholm didn’t get into the lineup until his 6th game where he then took over kick return responsibilities and flourished, averaging 22.0 yards per kickoff return. His sophomore year, Chisholm led the FBS in all purpose yardage with 204.3 per game, had 1,129 rushing yards, and led the PFL in yards per carry despite not starting a game until Week 5. With the starting job belonging solely to him this season, Chisholm has been spectacular and is on pace to break all his previous career highs.FOUNTAIN PEN Lalex Fountain Pen (1950s) - Gold-Plated, Piston Filler, Fine Hooded Nib (Excellent) $200.00 Type Fountain Pen Product Name unknown Manufacturer and Year Lalex, Italy (?) - 1950s. Length 5-1/8" Filling System Piston-filler. We have tested the filling system and it's working well. Color Gold, with a pattern of... Add to Cart20 fan favorite products for 20% off this weekend
Ahead of Prime Day, marketings are booming. Now are 20 enormous commodities on sale as of Oct. 10, which were all September favorites at the Mashable Shop.
As a bonus, use the code OCTSALE2 0 to take an additional 20% off each one.
High-Definition Monocular Telescope
Basically a initiate of binoculars constituted for one attention instead of two, this high-def telescope wreaks faraway objects into focus( but not the ones in space ). With 50 x60 magnification, top-notch image quality, and a lightweight container, you can get a bigger, clearer consider of things while bird-watching, tenting, fishing, or traveling. Originally $54, you can get it for $37.59 with the system OCTSALE2 0. Read more …
More about Mashable Shopping, Air Purifier, Charging Station, Bidet, and Cool Contraption
Read more: mashable.com.
One of the great traditions of our nation is the peaceful transition of power. History is made every four or eight years when our government turns over the reins of power from one Presidential administration to the next.
At the same time, the work of a Presidential transition is a monumental undertaking. In just over ten weeks between the election and the inauguration, the President-elect must prepare to take control of a government comprising more than 130 agencies, hundreds of subcomponents, and millions of civilian and uniformed personnel.
OGE recognizes that the Presidential transition is a critical time when the nation is vulnerable, with the potential for manmade, natural, or economic disasters to strike while the government’s top leadership positions are vacant. OGE will work in partnership with the Presidential Transition Team to make sure that prospective nominees are free of conflicts of interest, so that top leadership positions can be filled quickly.
The demands on the Presidential transition team, OGE, and other executive branch agencies, during the Presidential transition will be extreme, but achieving an effective transition is vital to the nation’s interests. Success depends largely on investing resources, time, and effort needed to achieve an effective transition.
One of OGE’s key responsibilities is to help the President-elect fill top leadership positions by moving prospective nominees through the nomination process quickly and free from conflicts of interest. For the past two years, we have been preparing for the influx of nominees that the transition will bring, focusing on training ethics officials, creating resources for incoming leaders and administration officials, and working with agencies and outside groups to establish best practices for the incoming administration.
Now that the transition is approaching, OGE will continue to work toward establishing a strong ethical culture in the new Presidential administration. Our mission is to do everything we can to get the new administration off to a strong start. The President-elect and the American people deserve nothing less.
<!-End dynamic content-->Halloween Siege Front (ハロウィン包囲戦線) is a star rush urgent mission running from 14/10/2021 to 28/10/2021.
Rewards[]
This is a star rush type event. The player earns rewards by completing missions and earning stars. Unit rewards will be received based on the amount of collected stars at the end of the event whereas additional rewards are granted instantly.
Missions[]
Notable Enemies[]
Fame[]
(2nd Week Missions)
- Clear any 1 event mission: 100 Fame
- Clear any 4 event missions: 500 Fame
- Clear 血の三頭犬 (40/4) with Gold-rarity or below units in Sortie Team: 500 Fame
- Clear 守るべきもの (50/5) with 7 or fewer units in Sortie Team: 500 FameGet your free seeds and #BringBackTheBees March 16, 2017March 16, 2017 ~ mystiparker I’m thrilled to see this campaign from Cheerios. They’re giving away free seed packets and have already surpassed their 100 million seed goal. Now if a big percentage of those are actually planted and survive, that will be a wonderful gift for our pollinators. Order your free seeds at this link: Follow on Facebook and be sure to share the campaign. Fuzzy Buzzy and her bee family need your help to keep their population strong so we can continue to have flowers and healthy crops! Share this:Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)Like this:Like Loading... Related19 January 2014
Geoff Martin
RMT General Secretary Bob Crow said: “Far from ushering in a freeze on fares today as he has claimed, the Mayor’s entire transport strategy is dependent on above inflation fare increases for seven years tied in to a programme of job cuts, attacks on safety and the closures of ticket offices that will combine together to make services a no-go zone for the vulnerable, low-paid, those with disabilities and women travelling alone late at night.
“The facts are that the Mayor has lied about keeping ticket offices open, has lied about freezing fares and is now at it again on the consequences for safety and services of the jobs cuts programme that RMT members have voted to fight. The battle to stop this relentless assault on London's transport users and transport staff is well and truly on.”
ENDSBy Anna Von Reitz
By exactly what variation of madness is Kim Goguen being allowed to assert control over our assets? We, the American States and People, doing business as The United States of America [Unincorporated] are owed over $190 Trillion Dollars by the IMF. We own the Philippines land mass. And that is just the beginning of what we are owed. We are sick and tired of the tail attempting to wag the dog.
If you wish to honor your contract with the American People you will know that this debt and all Special Deposit Assets which belong to us and which have been wrongly conveyed into the "U.S. Trust" and/or otherwise claimed by Ms. Goguen and Ms. Hudes are due and payable to the actual States of the Union and their Federation, The United States of America.
We are presenting ourselves and asserting our interest in the Trust Assets and the Special Deposit Assets, whereupon those assets must be disgorged and returned to the rightful owners and trustees.
"The Teacher never Speaks during a Test" Very Wise words InThought-Behavior-Wholly-InDeed!!
Much Gratitude, Love, Awareness and Eternal Peace Be For All Now
Does anyone know if Anna is OK?
What's going on with the Earthquake in Alaska ? ......
I am in contact live with Anna and she is OK. 7.2 right in Big Lake.
Waiting to hear if there was any damage to their place.
Stramer - thanks for this! We were just going to send concerns & good hopes she's ok. Looking very crumbly. Gheeze. Whew. Of course we wonder if its DEW or Real Mother Nature.
Dear Father please keep Anna and her family safe from harm
We also pray Anna and all her family & friends remain safe as time goes forward with after shocks, etc.
wow. hmmm.
Paul, thank you kindly, what a fast response!
Thank you, please, let us know!
Prayers for Alaska
I hope the roof collapsed right ontop of her shit head and killed her.
If we ever meet I am sending you to the hospital if you make it. You are a foul piece of shit .
Patriot58 - What an absolutely abhorrent & stupid thing for UCADIA to post on the internet. Is this a fraudulent use of UCADIA or is this a reflection of the "Foundation" & "confidential organization"? Wow. Helping folks with cognitive & spiritual disabilities? Wow. What could possibly go wrong with that?
UCADIA: "assisting people in overcoming cognitive and spiritual disabilities"
UCADIA ECCLESIA FOUNDATION Volunteer Opportunities ...
Ucadia Ecclesia Foundation is a transparent, unincorporated, nonprofit, autocephalous Religious Society that is registered in the State of North Carolina. Ucadia Ecclesia Foundation conducts research, education and other activities relating to assisting people in overcoming cognitive and spiritual disabilities.
&
For Ucadia to be registered as a Christian organization and say this is typical. The Christian community is notorious for this behaviour. I am not anti Christ I and anti Christian and religion. I believe in God and his son Jesus Christ. That's not Christianity that's what King Henry and them called it. Anyhoo. Lol
UCADIA just said everything that everyone needs to know about it. I'm guessing that some very bad things might be coming its way, very soon.
UCADIA Ecclesia Foundation - This entity UCADIA is fictional. Patriot can't "send" UCADIA to a hospital, nor can anyone. Report all you want, as the FBI will see you made a very threatening kind of wish to a Living Woman called Anna. YOU'CADIA are a coward & likely a jew. If not a jew THEN QUIT ACTING LIKE ONE.
UCADIA Ecclesia Foundation - Have not seen anyone here express anti-'sh*t' over a language long extinct. There are NO SEMITES, but imposters of their Pity-Party rhetoric upon that which has nothing to do with them. Hee hee you are quite the flushing-swirl.
Typically of the jew to mouth off w such threatening, excessive verbosity, aka diarrhea of the mouth. Using a cannon when a pea-shooter will do?
Again, no one can threatened a 'fiction' zombie. YOU began this dialogue expressing direct harm to a Living Being. Haven't you learned anything from Anna's articles? Keep posting, as the more you do, the more evidence of possible mental instability is expressed.
Would the org you're possibly representing, or its patrons, be pleased w your posts? It could impede on your shekel-shaker, ya know.
Are you sure you want to persist? Keep in mind, YOU are falling for OUR trap, cuz ya can't keep your trap shut, & we know you'll impale yourself upon the horns of self-concocted dilemma. Here, let me sweep the walk-way, step this way, see how clear the path, no stones to trip upon, yes.. right this way...
It's a Trick, We Always Use It (calling people anti-Semitic) 1:26
The IRS is cracking down on giving out anymore 501c (3), tax exempt statuses.....even for churches...!! That should tell you how desperate they are...!! It is starting with "legal marijuana" licenses first...even though the states voted for the legalization of pot, the Federal govt did no such thing....but how many chances did they have to control that industry and collect taxes from all the dispensaries....WHY..!!
THere can only be one reason....they need it to be a federal felony because they make way more money putting people in prison for it , plus the courts and attorneys, and law enforcement...!!
And they get there cut anyway through clandestine deals with all the cartels around the world....!!
UCADIA Ecclesia Foundation - Perhaps this org can be of assistance to your cognitive & spiritual disabilities: UCADIA. Check them out, they 'say' they're here to help humanity. Oh, wait, perhaps that doesn't pertain to the entity empowering the fiction posting here.
If you think the FBI won't find your posts mental, hee hee, go ahead, report all you want. Your entity is expressing pangs of drowning in the swirl of the Big Flush. Buhbye.
UCADIA Ecclesia Foundation - hum, something familiar here... you're pattern of escalation is very similar to an entity who was recently 'excused' from posting here... & who claimed to have a hive of attackers ready to avail stingers at his mere request.
Humm, yep, same escalation pattern. I see a pattern, do you see a pattern? I see a pattern, do you see a pattern? I see a pattern, do you see a pattern?... ?
Not to mention all the "civil forfeiture" laws which gives the State to just take anything they want , just by being charged with sales and trafficking across state lines....!! You say why do we need banks Anna..!!
I say why do we need Courts or law enforcement....they are all corrupt anyway, with only the illusion of justice....do you really think that will change if we the people are given our funds back....!! Guess again...!!
Anna said she is OK. The house survived well due to some special construction techniques. They did lose some of the loose items from shelves, family stuff not replaceable. Many others south of them were not so fortunate.
That's good news. But did the earthquake swallow up all the courts and traitorist judges too....!! We need a silver lining to this disaster...!!
THANKS Paul💘
Meditated Love with Healing sent to all in Big lake area!
From James Pansini:
UCADIA.....I don't subscribe to that venigular ..."soverign citizen" and never have....!!
It's people like you who make up words as weapons to threaten, discredit, and do nothing but create an atmosphere of "FEAR"...!!
But someone is coming for you to...and all your cohorts...!! He is watching and waiting with his crown of thorns that people like you put on him....the time is near..!!
When will you repent..When will you see the TRUTH. When will you humble yourself in front of the only Real King..SOVERIGN of this world...!!??
If I play victim, it's because you always claim KING" suppressing anything good, holy , and beneficial only to you and your ilk...!!
You think you have won, and that is your delusion...all your lies and that of you who think they have the right to rule over the rest of humanity because of your inflated ego, acting as God's and looking at the masses as ignorant slaves that you have intentionally kept that why through typical brainwashing techniques , like our public school systems ,and our traitorist media and corrupt judges and court systems who you have used for your own ends....again , just to create FEAR and spread hate while unlawfully enriching yourselves at their expense....!!
Enjoy this life, because the next one wont be so nice...and it's eternal...!! Remember, it was your choice...!!
I live very meekly, and want nothing , except to live in peace, which none of your kind seems to understand....!!
Maybe if your word was good to people, we won't find ourselves constantly fighting...!!
Why do want so much, that you have to steal from everyone else to get it...ill never understand it...!! I'm not against an honest govt. I'm only against a govt that thinks everything has to be reduced to slaves in order to support your materialistic needs...!! May the "FATHER" have mercy on your soul...!!Hughes a success on Key To Love at Folkestone
Richard Hughes wasted no time getting back among the winners following his return from a 14-day suspension when scoring aboard Key To Love at Folkestone.
The rider missed out on a host of top-class races, including the Ladbrokes St Leger, while sidelined under the totting-up procedure, but struck in the Garden Of England Nursery on just his second mount back.
Hughes always had the 3-1 chance well placed and the filly strode out in good style to score comfortably and provide trainer Harry Dunlop with his first winner in 26 days.
“I have been playing a bit of golf but it is good to be back, although I am blowing a bit,” said Hughes.
The jockey almost doubled up in the Stone Of Folca Novice Stakes when finishing late and fast aboard Richard Hannon’s Ginobili.
The colt came with a strong challenge but found his front-running stablemate Daddy’s Gift (5-2) half a length too strong under Ryan Moore.
Constant drizzle caused 22 withdrawals during the afternoon, but conditions proved no problem to Henry Candy’s Rum Jungle in the Hythe Handicap.
The giant four-year-old’s only previous win came under Frankie McDonald and the jockey made it two from two aboard the 11-4 chance when making all for a length-and-a-half success.
Candy said: “The rain has helped him today, and he gets on well with Frankie who has won on him before.”
The damp conditions almost led to the absence of Azygous in the lipscomb.co.uk Handicap, but trainer Jon Akehurst held his nerve and was rewarded as Alan Munro brought the five-year-old home a length clear of the field.
Sporting blinkers for the first time, the 9-1 chance cut down Bookiesindex Boy inside the final furlong of the minimum-distance dash to prove the softened surface was no barrier to success.
Akehurst said: “If this had been the second or third race we would have pulled him out as he has not gone on that ground in the past, but we did fancy him.
“We put the blinkers on him last Wednesday and he flew in them, so I’m glad we didn’t pull him out.”
Munro picked up a two-day suspension (October 7 and 8) having been deemed guilty of careless riding.
The underfoot surface was changed to soft soon after the third race – the Romney Marsh Maiden Stakes, which went the way of Clive Cox’s Perfect Silence (6-1).
Adam Kirby took up the running with two furlongs left to cover and soon had first prize in safe keeping, with his mount stretching away to cross the line three and a quarter lengths clear.
Timocracy made the long journey to the south coast from Mark Johnston’s Middleham stable only to come off second best to 7-2 chance Any Given Day in the mile-and-a-half Rye Handicap.
The closing Garden Coast Handicap was reduced to just six runners after eight withdrawals, and Sortita (7-2) capitalised on the reduced field to collect by half a length.- Case report
- Open Access
- Published:
Urinary tract infection by a rare pathogen Cedecea neteri in a pregnant female with Polyhydramnios: rare case report from UAE
BMC Infectious Diseases volume 21, Article number: 637 (2021)
7418 Accesses
1 Citations
-
Abstract
Background
Cedecea neteri is a gram-negative, oxidase-negative bacillus, a rare pathogen. Few reports are emerging globally about its antimicrobial resistance pattern especially in immunocompromised individuals with comorbidities.
Case presentation
In this paper, we report the first case of C. neteri causing urinary tract infection in a pregnant woman at a specialty care hospital in the Northern Emirates of Ras al Khaimah, UAE.
Discussion and conclusion
C. neteri is a rare and unusual pathogen, unlike routine gram-negative urinary tract pathogens from the family of Enterobacteriaceae and therefore may be missed or misidentified by routine laboratories using conventional microbiology identification techniques. Hence, Cedecea infections may be under-reported. Physicians and microbiology technicians must be aware of such a rare pathogen, as most of the isolates are multi-drug-resistant and require combined antibiotic treatment with beta-lactamase inhibitors and hence pose a treatment challenge especially in immunocompromised patients with comorbidities. In recent years, it has been reported as an emerging opportunistic pathogen.
Background
Cedecea neteri is a gram-negative, oxidase-negative bacillus – a rare pathogen with increasing case reports describing infections by the genus Cedecea. However, there have been very few cases of C. neteri reported so far, and none from urinary tract infection (UTI). In this paper, we report the first case to the best of our knowledge of C. neteri from a 27-year-old, young pregnant female with 35 weeks’ gestation presenting with polyhydramnios.
Cedecea constitutes a rare pathogen of increasing importance. Cedecea species are known to have antibiotic resistance genes and therefore difficult to treat infections caused by them, due to their broad-spectrum antibiotic resistance. There is emerging literature with case reports of bacteremia caused by C. neteri and more cases reported by other Cedecea species: C. davisae and C.lapagei. Nevertheless, the classical case of UTI by C. neteri species is rare. Literature review showing case of urinary catheter colonization by multidrug-resistant C. neteri in an elderly 88-year-old immunocompromised patient presenting with cellulitis, benign prostatic hyperplasia, and prolong use of Foleys catheter. The C.neteri isolated from urinary catheter was sensitive to most 2nd and 3rd generation cephalosporins and resistant to ampicillin along with β-lactamase inhibitor (Sulbactam) combination, suggesting AmpC β-lactamase production with the presence of multiple metallo β-lactamase genes [1]. In another report from Turkey, described UTI caused by Cedecea lapagei in a 40-year male with invasive brain surgery after 3 weeks of rehabilitation and was successfully treated with Ciprofloxacin [2]. Furthermore, there have been emerging reports of the association of C. neteri with other clinical presentations. To mention a few, a report of bacteremia in patients of heart disease [3], in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus [4], and a case report from Saudi Arabia where C. neteri was isolated from peritoneal fluid of an immuno-compromised preterm neonate following intestinal perforation due to necrotizing enterocolitis [5]. Infections from Cedecea are mostly reported from immunocompromised patients with multiple comorbidities or invasive procedures, suggesting its role as an emerging opportunistic multi-drug resistant pathogen [1, 3, 5].
Case presentation
Our patient was a 27-year-old pregnant woman at 35 weeks’ gestation who visited the Gynecology outpatient department of RAK hospital with complaints of increased frequency, urgency, and dysuria; classical presentation of UTI. The patient was on follow-up for polyhydramnios. On examination, she was afebrile, well oriented to time, place, and person, with a pulse rate of 86/min, blood pressure of 152/90 mmHg, a known hypertensive. However, there were no signs of cystitis or pyelonephritis based on abdominal and pelvis ultrasound. Her history revealed that she was multiparous and her first pregnancy ended with twins born by caesarian. During the second pregnancy, she developed polyhydramnios and was on continuous follow-up. Her mid-stream first-morning urine sample macroscopically was cloudy with yellow coloration. Microscopically it showed significant polymorph nuclear cells (18–20 cells/high power field), no RBCs, and 3+ leukocyte esterase activity with plenty of leukocytes and bacteria with < 1 squamous epithelial cell. Culture and identification yielded significant bacteriuria of 105 CFU/ml of a gram-negative bacterium grown in Cysteine Lactose Electrolyte Deficient (CLED) agar. On further characterization, the isolate was identified by Phoenix automated microbial identification system (BD Diagnostics, Spars, Maryland), belonging to genus Cedecea and species neteri. To confirm the diagnosis of UTI, two mid-stream urine samples on consecutive days were further cultured. Both samples showed significant growth (105 CFU/ml) of C. neteri and thus confirmed the diagnosis.
Antimicrobial susceptibility testing showed the isolate to be resistant to Amikacin, Aztreonam, Cephalothin, Ceftriaxone, Ertapenem, Cefepime, Cefoxitin and susceptible to Ampicillin, Ampicloxacillin, Nitrofurantoin, Levofloxacin, Tigecycline & Piperacillin/Tazobactum. The patient was treated with one gram of Augmentin (combination of 875 mg amoxicillin and 125 mg clavulanic acid) for 5 days and urine culture was sterile post 1 week of treatment.
Discussion and conclusion
In females, UTI is most often caused by members of the family Enterobacteriaceae mainly E. coli, mostly endogenous, due to the proximity of the anus to the urethra and short urethra causing ascending infections in women. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first case of a UTI by a rare pathogen, Cedecea neteri, reported from the UAE, in a 35-week pregnant, multiparous female who has polyhydramnios and a known case of hypertension. Most likely C. neteri has been a colonic microbial flora of this patient.
Cedecea was described in 1981 as a separate genus of the Enterobacteriaceae family as it was phenotypically distinct from the other members of the family and named after CDC, where the isolates were originally discovered and formerly called as CDC Enteric group 15 [6]. To date, six species of Cedecea have been reported with three species, Cedecea neteri, Cedecea lapagei, and Cedecea davisae, that are well characterized. C. neteri is named after the American physician-microbiologist Dr. Erwin Neter [7]. Cedecea species have not been reported to cause invasive infection in healthy individuals, but are considered opportunistic pathogens due to their isolation from severely immunocompromised patients. The case presented here is a pregnant mother who is immunocompromised and therefore more susceptible to infections. The growing fetus also exerts pressure on the urinary bladder, increasing residual urine, thereby affecting complete voiding and urine stasis predisposing to UTI.
These pathogens may be missed or misidentified by routine laboratories using conventional microbiology identification methods and hence may be under-reported. Cedecea neteri strains are gram-negative, rod-shaped, motile [8]. They are characterized by positive biochemical reactions for sucrose, d-sorbitol, and malonate fermentation tests [3, 9]. Clinical history, laboratory diagnosis, and antimicrobial resistance pattern of Cedecea spp. resemblance to established pathogen Serratia spp. in terms of lipase positivity and resistance to cephalothin, and colistin (polymyxin E) [3, 7, 8]. C. neteri is distinguished from other Cedecea spp. with negative ornithine decarboxylase activity and its ability to ferment sucrose, D-sorbitol, and D-xylose [3].
Multidrug resistance in Cedecea spp. is attributed to the combination of AmpC production and porin deficiency in the cell wall [8, 10]. However, no definite experimental evidence on this theory is available to this day. Cedecea clinical isolates display variable resistance patterns to major beta-lactam like penicillins, cephalosporins, monobactam, and carbapenems. The latest literature review indicates the highest frequency of Cedecea spp. resistance to ampicillin (43%), followed by cephalothin (35%), cefoxitin (35%), cefazolin (22%), ceftazidime from a total of 23 isolates reported to date [11]. Carbapenems and 4th generation cephalosporin resistance may be exhibited in Cedecea isolates harboring metallo-β-lactamase. C. neteri poses another unique feature to enhance its pathogenicity by Quorum sensing activity that has been lately studied in C. neteri strain SSMF04 and can lead to enhanced biofilm formation as well as enhanced antimicrobial resistance [12]. Fortunately, low resistance to fluoroquinolones and no resistance to macrolides have been documented. It is also encouraging to note that most of the reported cases have successful treatment outcomes and an active antibiotic stewardship policy with proactive microbiology laboratory diagnosis and antibiotic sensitivity testing can improve clinical outcomes. C. neteri infections have been reported worldwide, with clinical cases occurring from U.S., Spain, Saudi Arabia, and the latest one from UAE (Table 1. summarizes all the C. neteri cases reported to date).
As summarized in Table 2, most Cedecea infections are reported in immunocompromised patients with underlying medical conditions like uncontrolled diabetes mellitus, chronic kidney disease, liver transplantation, malignancies, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, and few isolated cases from catheters and central lines, indicating its opportunistic potential and warranting careful attention among these groups of patients.
C. davisae infections have been reported from a broad clinical spectrum with bacteremia as a common clinical presentation. Thirteen cases have been reported to date from different clinical specimens including; 46% from blood, 23% from sputum, urine, cutaneous and oral ulcers, and scrotal abscess. It is also noteworthy that the majority of infections were among patients > 50 years of age with co-morbid conditions.
Apart from the endogenous source of infections from the gut, Cedecea infections are also documented from environmental samples and aquatic habitats. A case report of a patient with minor leg ulcer infection and subsequent bacteremia (Dalmaga et al. 2008) raises concerns of C. davisae infection from lake water.
C. lapagei have been more frequently isolated with pneumonia and bloodstream infections and to date, a total of 11 cases have been reported from blood, sputum, tissue, wound, peritoneal fluid and most patients had co-morbid conditions like acute leukemia, type II diabetes mellitus, pulmonary tuberculosis, liver cirrhosis, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Pediatric infections involving Cedecea are largely associated with C.lapagei, suggesting its role as an uncommon cause of nosocomial pneumonia and sepsis in infants with a history of multiple antibiotic treatment regimens and prolonged hospitalization.
It is also noteworthy, that most of the Cedecea infections are resistant to quinolones (ciprofloxacin, Cefotaxime (third-generation cephalosporin), Imipenem, and Meropenem (carbapenems) and intravenous combination with β-lactamase inhibitors (Piperacillin and Tazobactam) making it a potential multidrug-resistant pathogen. Therefore, clinicians and diagnostic laboratories need to be aware of such rare pathogens that are often drug-resistant and require combined antimicrobial therapy. A complete antimicrobial susceptibility testing profile, especially with beta-lactam inhibitors is warranted to provide the best treatment options, especially among immunocompromised patients with comorbidities. (Tables 1, 2) The present reported C. neteri isolate was resistant to most of the third and fourth generation cephalosporin except a few amino and carboxypenicillins that provided a successful treatment outcome. This report further adds to the existing literature on diagnosis, clinical presentation, antibiotic susceptibility, and clinical management of C. neteri infection.
Availability of data and materials
All patient data is coded and kept confidential under authorization control in the hospital’s Laboratory Information Management System and cannot be shared. However, parts of Cedecea neteri report generated by automated microbiology system can be shared upon request without compromising patient information. The data is user restricted and was accessed by the study PI- Dr. Hafiz Ahmad who is also a clinical microbiologist at the Department of Microbiology at RAK Hospital, Ras al Khaimah, UAE.
Abbreviations
- RAK:
Ras al Khaimah
- UTI:
Urinary Tract Infections (UTI)
- CLED Agar:
Cysteine Lactose Electrolyte Deficient Agar
- CFU:
Colony Forming Unit
- CDC:
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
- U.A.E:
United Arab Emirates
References
- 1.
Ginn PS, Tart SB, Sharkady SM, Thompson DK. Urinary Catheter Colonization by Multidrug-Resistant Cedecea neteri in Patient with Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia. Case Rep Infect Dis. 2018:1–5..
- 2.
Çekin Y, Kızılateş F, Dolu S, Öztoprak N, Çekin AH. The first urinary tract infection caused by Cedecea lapagei: a case report and review of the literature. Gazi Med J. 2014;20(2):193–5..
- 3.
Farmer JJ, Sheth NK, Hudzinski JA, Rose HD, Asbury MF. Bacteremia due to Cedecea neteri sp. nov. J Clin Microbiol. 1982;16(4):775–8..
- 4.
Aguilera A, Pascual J, Loza E, Lopez J, Garcia G, Liaño F, et al. Bacteremia with Cedecea neteri in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus. Postgrad Med J. 1995;71(833):179–80..
- 5.
Arishi HM, Daghriri AM, Gumairy FY, Ali YF. Cedecea neteri peritonitis as a complication of necrotizing Enterocolitis in a neonate. JCR. 2017;7:313–5.
- 6.
Janda JM, Abbott SL. Uncommon enterobacterial genera associated with clinical specimens. In: The Enterobacteria. Washington: ASM Press; 2006. p. 357–9..
- 7.
Dalamaga M, Sotiropoulos GP, Vrioni G, Tsakris A. Cedecea: an "unknown" pathogen in the family of Enterobacteriaceae - its clinical importance, detection, and identification methods. Acta Microbiologica Hellenica [Internet]. 2014;59(1):17–28.
- 8.
Ammenouche N, Dupont H, Mammeri H. Characterization of a Novel AmpC -Lactamase Produced by a Carbapenem-Resistant Cedecea davisae Clinical Isolate. Antimicrob Agents Chemother. 2014;58(11):6942–5..
- 9.
Grimont PAD, Grimont F, Farmer JJ 3rd, Asbury MA. Cedecea davisae gen, nov.,ap. Nov. and Cedecae lapagei sp. Nov., new Enterobacteriaceae from clinical specimens. Int J Syst Bacteriol. 1981;31(3):317–26..
- 10.
Kanakadandi V, Sarao MS, Cunningham JM. A rare case of Cedecea davisae bacteremia presenting as biliary sepsis. Cureus. 2019;11(8):e5298..
- 11.
Thompson DK, Sharkady SM. Expanding Spectrum of opportunistic Cedecea infections: current clinical status and multidrug resistance. Int J Infect Dis. 2020;100:461–9..
- 12.
Tan KH, Tan JY, Yin WF, Chan KG. Genome analysis of quorum sensing Cedecea neteri SSMD04 leads to identification of its novel signaling synthase (cneI), cognate receptor (cneR) and an orphan receptor. PeerJ. 2015;3:e1216..
- 13.
Ramaswamy VV, Gummadapu S, Suryanarayana N. Nosocomial pneumonia and sepsis caused by a rare organism Cedecea lapagei in an infant and a review of literature. BMJ Case Rep. 2019;12(7):e229854..
- 14.
Chavez Herrera VR, Rosas De Silva MF, Orendain Alcaraz H, Ceja Espiritu G, Carrazco Peña K, Melnikov V. Death related to Cedecea lapagei in a soft tissue bullae infection: a case report. J Med Case Rep. 2018;12:328.
- 15.
Kury CMH, Yabrudi AA, de Souza TB, de Souza EC, E Silva Costa LT, Soares CB, et al. First reported case of ventilator-associated pneumonia and sepsis caused by Cedecea lapagei in a Brazilian neonatal intensive care unit. J Pediatr Infect Dis Soc. 2017;6(2):209–10..
- 16.
Ahmad N, Ali SM, Khan AU. First reported New Delhi metallo-β-lactamase-1-producing Cedecea lapagei. Int J Antimicrob Agents. 2017;49(1):118–9..
- 17.
Islam AKS, Bora R, Ahmed R, Borah AK, Ramasamy S. A case of neonatal sepsis with pneumonia due to Cedecea lapagei. IOSR-JDMS. 2016;15:84–5.
- 18.
Biswal I, Hussain NA, Grover RK. Cedecea lapagei in a patient with malignancy: report of a rare case. J Cancer Res Ther. 2015;11:646.
- 19.
Davis O, Wall BM. “Broom straw peritonitis” secondary to Cedecea lapagei in a liver transplant recipient. Perit Dial Int. 2006;26(4):512–3..
- 20.
Akinosoglou K, Perperis A, Siagris D, Goutou P, Spiliopoulou I, Gogos CA, et al. Bacteraemia due to Cedecea davisae in a patient with sigmoid colon cancer: a case report and brief review of the literature. Diagn Microbiol Infect Dis. 2012;74(3):303–6..
- 21.
Ismaael TG, Zamora EM, Khasawneh FA. Cedecea davisae’s role in a polymicrobial lung infection in a cystic fibrosis patient. Case Rep Infect Dis. 2012;2012:176864.
- 22.
Abate G, Qureshi S, Mazumder SA. Cedecea davisae bacteremia in a neutropenic patient with acute myeloid leukemia. J Inf Secur. 2011;63:83–5.
- 23.
Dalamaga M, Karmaniolas K, Arsenis G, Pantelaki M, Daskalopoulou K, Papadavid E, et al. Cedecea lapagei bacteremia following cement-related chemical burn injury. Burns. 2008a;34(8):1205–7..
- 24.
Dalamaga M, Pantelaki M, Karmaniolas K, Matekovits A, Daskalopoulou K. Leg ulcer and bacteremia due to Cedecea davisae. Eur J Dermatol. 2008b;18(2):204–5..
- 25.
Bae BHC, Sureka SB. Cedecea davisae isolated from scrotal abscess. J Urol. 1983;130(1):148–9..
Acknowledgments
The author’s acknowledge Hospital CEO’s - Dr. Raza Siddiqui and Dr. Jean Marc Gauer and RAK Medical & Health Sciences University Dean Dr. KL Bairy and President Dr. S. Gurumadhva Rao for their support to publish the study.
Funding
Non-funded.
Ethics declarations
Ethics approval and consent to participate
Ethical clearance and approval for the study were obtained from the RAK Medical and Health Sciences university ethical committee, approval letter no: RAKMHSU-REC-055-2019-F-M.
Consent for publication
Written and verbal patients consent for clinical sample testing, procedures, and publication for the academic purpose was taken by treating Gynecologist Dr. Talat Masroor at RAK hospital and is recorded electronically in LIMS RAK hospital, H., Masroor, T., Parmar, S.A. et al. Urinary tract infection by a rare pathogen Cedecea neteri in a pregnant female with Polyhydramnios: rare case report from UAE. BMC Infect Dis 21, 637 (2021).
Received:
Accepted:
Published:
DOI:
Keywords
- Cedecea neteri
- Rare pathogen
- Urinary tract infection
- Multi-drug resistanceSunday, 28 December 2014
The Sisterhood Of The World Blogger Award!
I am very late to the party when it comes to posting my answers for this one. My lovely sister, Beverley at My Senses Come To Life, tagged me for this Award ages ago and I never got round to it/completely forgot about it. Until now.
Bev's Questions:
1) Describe your day in one sentence.
I had a very relaxing, chilled-out day today.
2) What do you do in your spare time?
Watch films, play video games, sing, read books (duh!), listen to music and write! Or alternatively if I feel like getting up, shop! If I don't? Shop online!
3) If you could meet anyone, who would it be?
Here is where I would normally put Tom Hiddleston. Except I have actually met Tom Hiddleston so I don't know if I can put that! I did completely fluff up my first meeting with him, so I would love to get the opportunity to actually get it right a second time around! Others I would love to meet: Ian McKellen, Stephen Fry and Jennifer Lawrence among many!
4) Mascara or lipstick?
I don't really like to wear lipstick, so I would have to say Mascara!
5) Do you watch any soaps?
Not particularly, I keep up to date with Coronation Street every so often but I don't really sit down and watch it anymore. Recently one of the girls in my flat got me into Home and Away, a show I haven't watched for ages!
6) What is the nearest object to the right of you?
Well I'm sat next to Mat on the sofa so it would either be him, a blanket, or his 3DS!
7) What is your favourite film?
That question actually felt like a punch in the stomach! I have so many! I wrote a Top Ten Tuesday list on the subject ages ago and remember agonizing for ages over that one! Maybe 'Matilda'? I know that I have never got bored of that film, and I never will!
8) Do you keep up with Fashion Trends?
Sorry, what are those? I'm joking, but honestly I would have to say that no: I do not. I am very much a practical dresser and tend to feel uncomfortable trying to be adventurous, which is what most trends do.
9) Where is your favourite place to shop?
Rather than the obvious Waterstones and lazy Amazon, I would say Game, New Look, H&M, WH Smith, Internacionale, Clarks (not just because I work there, the shoes actually fit me) and Boots.
10) Name one thing that really gets on your nerves.
Hypocrisy. I cannot stand to be told not to do something, only to witness that person who had a go do the exact same thing mere moments later. Don't make rules you can't follow.Life-affecting illness & cancer
There are many illnesses which cause huge changes in people’s lives
When an illness is diagnosed, a lot attention can be focussed on the medical treatment and practicalities and the emotional effects may be ignored.
Illnesses such as Multiple Sclerosis, Parkinson’s disease, M.E. (often referred to as Chronic Fatigue Syndrome) and Cancer can be life-changing. They can affect patients, their families, and their friends alike.
Each individual’s situation is different and everyone reacts differently. Counselling can help by providing a safe space to talk through thoughts and feelings relating to both the emotional and physical effects.
Cancer can pose many challenges, and being able to speak to someone not personally involved can prove very helpful. People may well feel bombarded with medical information and choices at the same time as trying to come to terms with the diagnosis. There are often decisions to be made about treatment while still trying to juggle with day-to-day life.
I have a paramedical background, having originally trained as a therapeutic radiographer, and over many years have worked extensively helping cancer patients and their loved ones cope with the impact of cancer.
If you are affected by any life-affecting illness – as patient, relative or friend – and would like someone to talk to, please do contact me.Back again with another weekly Mix CD:
We’ll start off with one of my favorite tracks from the Blaxploitation collections that I talked about last week. This is the classic track from Donny Hathaway’s 1970 debut album — I’m sure some of you will recognize the bass line and other instrumental snippets from this song, as it has been sampled dozens of times by various electronic and hip-hop acts. Donny Hathaway – “The Ghetto.”
Last month, I caught an episode of the Sundance Channel’s Iconoclasts — a tv series where they pair two people who are groundbreaking in their own particular fields, and just film them meeting with eachother. Very interesting stuff. The episode I saw featured Quentin Tarantino and Fiona Apple (who apparently knew eachother from when Apple was involved with director Paul Thomas Anderson, but hadn’t seen eachother in a few years) — very interesting stuff. Made me think about some of my favorite tracks of hers, including this one, from her largely-overlooked second album: Fiona Apple – “Fast As You Can.”
Sticking with the female singer-songwriter thing for a second: In my senior year of high school, I purchased Suzanne Vega’s debut album on cassette, and played the hell out of it. I never liked her later albums, which featured fuller arrangements — I always preferred what I felt was the “more pure” sound of her first. This is my favorite track from that first album, and, as such, my favorite of all of her songs: Suzanne Vega – “Marlene On The Wall.”
Another standby of my high school years was the soundtrack to Repo Man, which was my entry into punk. This song was a particular favorite, both for the content and for the looks it would generate as I played it loudly in suburban Johnson County, KS: Fear – “Let’s Have A War!” (Copy and paste the link, or click it and dig through the mp3 blog entry where I found it).
Last week’s mash-up link died right before I posted, so you never got to hear it. Ah well. Here’s another good one. Bass 221 productions take the Doors, Jefferson Airplane, The Red Hot Chili Peppers, Peaches and a few other sonic nuggets and come up with the following: Bass 221 – “Break It Off.”
Here’s a new group I was introduced to this week. They’re called The Inner Banks, and they are a New York band that combines American roots music (folk, bluegrass, dixieland, western swing) instrumentation with electronica and ethereal vocals. It’s hard to describe, but wonderful. Give a listen: The Inner Banks – “Anthem.”
Another new discovery from the past week — an indie electronica group from Iceland called Worm Is Green. Excellent stuff. Listen to more at their MySpace page (linked back there). Worm is Green – “The Robot Has Got The Blues.”
Lastly, a new track from Fergie which is pretty cool — she’s done a Gwen-ish reggae-infused number, lending it some cred by having Rita Marley and the I-Threes provide backing vocals. I liked this far more than I thought I would…especially when the song completely changes about two-thirds of the way through. Fergie – “Mary Jane Shoes.”
EDIT: Almost forgot! This is one for
There you go. Enjoy.In Case You Haven’t heard of TikTok by today, you’re likely Living under a stone, another world or you’re just not paying attention since it’s the new wave taking on the internet. It’s a short video app that has gained a lot of followers as well as subscribers over the past months and it’s forecast to increase in the months ahead of time.Get Your Free TikTok Views Now!
Although it has grown quite a lot, most older people aren’t Exactly sure of what this program is or exactly what it does. It’s usually referred to some lip-syncing program which isn’t so much from the truth but it’s fun and everybody adores the internet karaoke experience it brings. Tiktok Rules
Among the near comparisons for Tik Tok is Vine as Other social networking networks such as Instagram, Twitter and YouTube are sorely missing out in the experience that Tik Tok gives. The app also gives out a lot more than lip-syncing since it is better known for its action out memes it brings to the net with audio clips and music.
In a space of a year, Tik Tok has gotten over 500 million monthly active users as well as 1 billion downloads.
There has been a 275% YoY increase from new years monthly.
An average Tik Tok user spends an average of 60 minutes daily on the app.
A sizable percentage of these customers are aged 16-24.
How to Utilize TikTok As An Influencer
There a Great Deal of Approaches to use Tik Tok as well as brands, artists In addition to actors have started to use TikTok to market their products, services or perhaps brands. Among the methods to reach a high influencer includes using a large TikTok following and perspectives.
Views are also very crucial in movies. This Is the Way it Functions, people are more interested in watching a movie that has tens of thousands or millions of views in relation to a video which has just hundreds or even thousands of viewpoints. This is only because they presume it brings about superior amusement and be something watch looking forward to. Now all these can enhance your Tik Tok page because by getting more perspectives, you are becoming more interested watchers and also more followers into your account. Before we go on about how you can receive free Tik Tok perspectives to boost your webpage, below are some of the ways you can better your webpage as well as your perspectives, followers, etc..
One of the most important things to consider when looking For a fantastic after and bringing viewers is by setting up a fantastic profile to ensure people that you draw, have more reasons to stay. A few things to check to include a good username as choosing a fantastic username which reflects the sort of videos you make is a fantastic way to attract views plus a following. Also using a proper profile image and adding other links to social networking networks is very important. Tiktok Rules
Choose A Specialty
Among the mistakes a Great Deal of users create is that simply do Whatever comes into their minds. Now, just as imaginative as you may think that is, it makes a rough new for you personally and doesn’t give you a good number of followers or views. Therefore, in the event that you find a niche that suits you well, stick to it. All you need to do is bring out your hidden talents and some thing you can perform better than many others and take action.
Promote Your TikTok Profile On Different Social Media Stations
Promoting your page on other social networks is a good way to It can be in your Instagram bio or your facebook page. Additionally seeing other people’s videos and commenting on interesting items on these is a fantastic method to improve your followers and views.
Utilize Trending Hashtags
Making use of trending Hashtags to create your videos available for More viewpoints. If you’re a founder who creates videos quickly, then using trending Hashtags is a good method to make your video available for more views. After making your movie, then slap on the trending and appropriate Hashtags for it.
Use Challenges
Challenges are a great way to increase your audience engagement. It is also a way to create your challenge or just take part in a single created by other people. It’s crucial to understand that doing is recommended because it makes you part of a community in addition to a creator. You may choose to collaborate too since it is a really huge deal on Tik Tok. It’s possible to collaborate as a duet or finding other big Tik Tok influencers to collaborate with is a great way to bring more viewers.
You might be wondering how free views are can help you get a Good after on Tik Tok but as we’ve already explained, you’d be gaining more views if your video seems like it’s going viral. People would want to know what it’s about and this brings people to your page and also the more content you have, the greater ways that you can engage them. As a social media influencer, Tik Tok is 1 socket that you do not wish to sleep .
There’s a service which offers free Tik Tok perspectives to get you Followers and whistles plus it all works easily as well.
All the views you get are completely free.
The further you refer us, the freer views you get.
Growing your Tik Tok profile as soon as possible is a good Way to get in front of the competition as we all can see, Tik Tok will remain for quite a long moment. At the moment, a great deal of influencers are focusing on big and popular networking that this is a good time to grow yours on Tik Tok as soon as possible because of low rivalry. That is precisely why we are here to give you the most free views now that the demand isn’t on the gain. Some people would turn to this to get an upgraded profile and catching this opportunity as soon as possible is a smart decision you would not regret in any way.
It’s obvious now that more perspectives equal involvement which Contributes to more followed and enjoys. Whatever You Want a social media influencer And much more. So If You’re looking forward to increasing your accounts before today and refer your friends in addition to other Tik Tok users? Tiktok RulesGet Your Free TikTok Views Now!Parcel Map Application No. PLN2021-0053 - Schlegel
Summary
SCH Number
2021110077
Lead Agency
Stanislaus County
Document Title
Parcel Map Application No. PLN2021-0053 - Schlegel
Document Type
CON - Early Consultation
Received
Present Land Use
Row Crops
Document Description
Request to subdivide a 20.87± acre parcel into two parcels 5± acres each and a 10.87± acre remainder in the General Agriculture (A-2-5) zoning district. Proposed parcels 1 and 2 and the remainder parcel will front and take access off County-maintained Morrison Road. However, the proposed remainder parcel is a flag lot configuration, that will be developed with a 34 foot-7-inch-wide frontage along Morrison Road, encompassing an existing 12-foot-wide all-weather road and a proposed 10-foot wide irrigation easement. The project site is currently improved with a single-family dwelling, barn, shed, domestic well, and irrigated pasture, irrigated with water from Oakdale Irrigation District (OID). The proposed remainder parcel will contain all existing structures. If approved, each parcel will be able to develop with up to one single-family dwelling, an accessory dwelling unit, and junior accessory dwelling unit, served by private wells and septic systems. The project site contains an existing irrigation ditch which runs across the boundary of the project site and an existing 15-foot-wide drainage easement which runs across the western boundary of the project site. Access to existing onsite irrigation infrastructure will be maintained via a 10-foot private irrigation easement along the road frontages of Parcels 1 and 2 and along the northwestern boundary of the remainder parcel.
Contact Information
Name
Avleen Aujla, Assistant Planner
Agency Name
Stanislaus County Planning and Community Development
Contact Types
Lead/Public Agency
Phone
Location
Cities
Knights Ferry
Counties
Stanislaus
Regions
Citywide, Countywide
Cross Streets
Morrison Road and Frymire Road
Zip
95386
Total Acres
80.2
Parcel #
002-034-044
State Highways
108 and 120
Township
1
Range
12
Section
18
Base
MDB&M
Notice of Completion
State Review Period Start
State Review Period End
Development Types
Other (Agriculture)
Local Actions
Land Division (Subdivision, etc.)
Project Issues
Solid Waste, Office of Historic Preservation, State Water Resources Control Board, Division of Water Quality, State Water Resources Control Board, Division of Water Rights, Department of Toxic Substances Control
Reviewing Agency Comments
Department of Toxic Substances Control.Complete range of AIS 140 GPS devices compatible systems.
As a Bulk SMS & bulk voice Company we provide Enterprise Messaging Solution and WhatsApp Bulk.
Recover the Lost, Deleted, Formatted, Corrupt Drive Files Completely & Easily.
She propriety immediate was improving. He or entrance humoured likewise moderate. Much nor game son say feel. Fat make met can must form into gate. Me we offending prevailed discovery.Graduated from the University of Kentucky with a Bachelor of Science in Biology and Psychology May 1989. Graduated with a Master of Science in Communication Disorders from the University of Kentucky May 2002.
Nancy Marr has worked for the Child Development Centers of the Bluegrass since August 2002. She has clinical experience assessing and providing treatment for children from birth to five years of age for a variety of communication and feeding disorders. Therapy is conducted in a variety of settings.
Give Now
College of Health Sciences | 900 South Limestone | University of Kentucky | Phone - (859) 323-1100 |.jpg)
Bluefield's operational portfolio now consists of 106 PV plants with a total capacity of 613MWp. Image: Bluefield
Bluefield Solar has hired Michael Covington as investment director at the company’s investment adviser, adding "significant" wind, solar and capital markets expertise to the company.
Convington joins from Alpha Real Capital, where he served as renewables investment director from November 2017 to September 2021. Prior to that, he was a managing partner at Barcelona-based sustainable investment specialist SI Capital Private Equity.
He has also held roles at investment banks Desdner Kleinwort Benson and Piper Jaffray, and since May 2021 has been audit committee chair of London-listed Getech Group.
James Armstrong, managing partner at Bluefield Partners, said: "Michael has long and relevant M&A experience in the European wind and solar sectors where we are seeing many attractive opportunities following the broadening of the company's mandate in June 2020 and building on the recent portfolio acquisition of 109 small scale UK onshore wind turbines from Arena Capital Partners for approximately £60 million."
The company recently broadened its mandate to include investments into wind as well as energy storage, having previously been focused solely on solar.
Earlier this month, Bluefield Solar Income Fund's latest financial results were published, detailing how Bluefield's operational portfolio now consists of 106 PV plants with a total capacity of 613MWp, while its total pipeline stands at 593MWp of solar and 179MWp of battery projects.ReportEmbed
Cute and sweet Asian cock gobbler loves to suck on cocks
Related Videos
7:55Asian babe in stockings gets royally fucked in bed100% Like2 years ago 7:01Beautiful and sexy Aki teasing with her body100% Like2 years ago 7:58Fantastic cock suck from a very shy school teen100% Like2 years ago 7:53Asian busty babe has a fat dick to suck on100% Like2 years ago 8:00Hot fuck for the Asian babe with big juicy boobs100% Like2 years ago 8:00She is a slut getting fucked hard doggy style100% Like2 years ago 7:58Desirable Japanese Hottie Gulps A Hard Pulsating Dick100% Like2 years ago 7:48Asian masseuse rides and grinds on the dick real hard100% Like13 months ago 8:00Sitting on a cock and she gets to orgasm so strong99% Like2 years ago 7:59Precious Asian teen has a fuck that gets her off strongly100% Like2 years ago 7:57Hot and sexy maid with pointy nipples getting fucked raw100% Like2 years ago 8:01Brunette Asian with perky boobs gets fucked pov100% Like2 years agoThe South London Partnership Boroughs of Croydon, Kingston upon Thames, Merton, Richmond upon Thames and Sutton, with 1.2 million residents, had an economy worth £32 billion in 2019, with 440,000 jobs.
The Covid-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on this sub-region of the UK’s capital, with:
- a 12% economic contraction in 2020
- 32,000 jobs lost
- significant rises in unemployment, forecast to peak at 6.4% – a third of whom will be 16-24 year olds, 19 per cent over 50 and 13.2 per cent ethnic minorities
- significant rises in benefits claimants overall (over 15% of working age adults in May 2021) and a marked exacerbation of existing problems of in-work poverty (37.9% of our peak Universal Credit claimants are expected to be in employment)
But we have many assets to build on and are committed to doing all we can individually, together and working with anchor institutions, other partners, the Mayor of London and Government, to ensure that South London has a strong economic recovery that also tackles some longer-standing challenges, addresses inequalities, supports wider actions to address the climate emergency, and increases our contribution to London’s overall economic future and vitality.
The South London Partnership has therefore refreshed its economic priorities to focus on:
- Helping residents into good work
- Supporting innovation
- Improving infrastructure and connectivity
- Addressing the climate emergency
- Revitalising high streets and economic areas
These are unpacked more fully in the context of evidence about our pre-Covid economy and the impact of Covid-19 in our new SLP Economic Recovery Action Plan, which also sets out what we are already doing to pursue these priorities.
Search
You searched for: Start Over Edition or Translation Language eng Remove constraint Edition or Translation Language: eng Series Loeb Classical Library Remove constraint Series: Loeb Classical Library Subjects Theb Remove constraint Subjects: Theb Subjects Polyneices (Greek mythology)--Poetry Remove constraint Subjects: Polyneices (Greek mythology)--Poetry Subjects Achilles (Greek mythology)--Poetry Remove constraint Subjects: Achilles (Greek mythology)--Poetry Subjects Rome--History--Domitian, 81-96--Poetry Remove constraint Subjects: Rome--History--Domitian, 81-96--Poetry Edition or Translation Year Published 1928 Remove constraint Edition or Translation Year Published: 1928
1 to 1 of 1What is Hantavirus ?
The Centre for Disease Control says that the virus is spread mainly from rodents. It goes on to say that infection with any of the hantavirus can cause. Symptoms
Due to the small number of HPS cases, the “incubation time” is not positively known. However, on the basis of limited information, it appears that symptoms may develop between 1 and 8%.:
- Fever greater than 101◦F, chills, body aches, headaches
- Nausea and vomiting and abdominal pain
- A dry cough followed by rapid onset of breathing difficulty
How Hantavirus Is Diagnosed
Diagnosing HPS can be challenging because early symptoms mimic the flu. There are currently no tests used to diagnose HPS which is why a history of rodent exposure accompanied by fever and fatigue is a strong indicator of infection. If you are concerned that you may have been exposed, you should see your doctor immediately.
When to See Your Doctor
If you have unexplained fever, body aches, abdominal pain, diarrhea, headaches, dry cough or severe breathing difficulty, you should see a healthcare provider. This is especially true if you live in the southwestern US and are exposed to large rodent populations, their nesting material and waste.
How Hantavirus Spread.
Hantavirus Diagnosis & Treatmentantavirus pulmonary syndrome (HPS) facts
- Hantaviruses are RNA viruses transmitted to humans by rodents (rodent-borne).
-. In addition, some hantaviruses can cause hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome (HFRS) as the disease progresses.
- Health officials first identified hantavirus in an outbreak in 1993 in the “Four Corners” area of the southwestern U.S. Hantavirus spreads.
- Physicians usually diagnose HPS; doctors usually treat patients.
All this information is collected by different internet sources and last updated on 24-03-2020. these information are just for help purpose. Check doctor and other medical for confirmation. We are not responsible for this information.Scientific Research Project Title
Producing Sharia in Context
Research Institution
Københavns Universitet
Faculty of Humanities, Department of Cross-Cultural and Regional Studies, University of Copenhagen
Research field
Islamic Studies
Research leader
Niels Valdemar Vinding
Postdoc
Project title
Producing Sharia in Context
What is your project about?
This project demonstrates how sharia, framed as Islamic law, ethics and practice and observed amongst Muslims in Denmark and Europe, is substantially to be understood as a product of its context. Traditional conventions are challenges and many Muslims argue for active, living and engaged interpretations of the Divine order. Drawn from context and current ideas, intuitive and inductive perceptions of the meanings of the larger questions are changing how law, moral and practice is understood. This is seen in both liberal and neo-orthodox contexts, and it seen even amongst non-Muslims. Thus, themes like gender and equality, climate and sustainability, rights and justice as well as state and societal expectations change the meaning of the divine message. The project challenges both existing research and conventions, and demonstrates hos the social and normative forces outside Islam is changing the meaning and understanding of right and wrong.
How did you become interested in your particular field of research?
For quite a while, I have been researching Muslims in Denmark and Europe, and through several research projects demonstrated how Islamic norms and institutions are influenced by their time and context. In that, we have seen how the deeper ideals and norms - what we may call sharia - are changing, too. Islam and sharia are not static. At the same time, the existing research in the field is wanting and governing legal and political institutions in Europe are facing a critical task in the encounter with Islam, so we have important work ahead of us in collecting and communicating concrete empirical knowledge.
What are the scientific challenges and perspectives in your project?
The first major task of the project is to collect the interviews, observations, statements and texts that, taken as a whole, demonstrate how sharia is changed and challenged by its time and context. It requires methodologically strong and professionally well-based anthropological, sociological and legal studies. Next, the project challenges some of the conventions in the field - both among Muslims and researchers - and this will be an exciting and constructive conversation to unfold over the next three years.
What is your estimate of the impact, which your project may have to society in the long term?
It is a difficult but relevant conversation to speak qualified and knowledge-based about sharia and about the place and role that Muslims with right, ethics and practice have and may have in society. The research project provides a professional and present language for understanding sharia in the living and changing context that both Muslims and non-Muslims, but also Muslim, ecclesiastical and public institutions are helping to change.
Which impact do you expect the Sapere Aude programme will have on your career as a researcher?
This project brings together many of the trends and ideas that have characterized my work so far. The study of Islam, Muslims and sharia across anthropology, sociology and law is put into the framework of Danish and European understandings of state, church and religion. I have long been curious to investigate how this might unfold. It is a very promising field of study in Danish and international research, which I can now help to shape and move forward. As such, this project is also a unique chance to put my best ideas to the toughest test and see how far they may go.
Background and personal life
I am married to Kirsten Marie, who is head of political affairs the Danish Red Cross, and together we have three wonderful girls. In our lives, it is family and job that make sense, and we thrive on play and work, where there is creativity and structure in both. When the opportunity arises, we travel for the best food from all over the world, and as the old boy scout I still am, I also like to go on a wilderness trip to the woods with my tent and gear.
City of your current residence
Brønshøj
High school
Virum Gymnasium”.
Observation Sessions
Our existing parents and prospective parents can take an appointment at the office for an observation session, where they can silently sit and observe (for about half an hour) the Montessori environment in action with exclusive access to view the students and adult working. 🙂
For further queries, please feel free to get in touch with us:
#332, 5th main, 1st Block, Koramangala, Bangalore-560095
Phone: 080- 41557157 +91- 9900025633DEFAULT
:format(jpeg):mode_rgb():quality(90)/discogs-images/R-7586867-1444598201-3577.jpeg.jpg)
1969
Label: Apple Records - 2C062 - 90877 • Format: Vinyl LP, Album • Country: France • Genre: Rock • Style: Rock & Roll, Avantgarde
Recorded in September at the Toronto Rock and Roll Revival concert, this really is a truly remarkable live album. The original vinyl had Lennon /Plastic Ono Band on side one and Yoko /5().
· About the LIVE PEACE IN TORONTO album. Live Peace in Toronto was recorded at the Toronto Rock and Roll Revival festival held at Varsity Stadium, at the University of Toronto on 13 September John & Yoko were invited by promoters John Brower and Kenny Walker, and hastily assembled the Plastic Ono Band (Eric Clapton: guitar, Klaus Voormann: bass, Estimated Reading Time: 7 mins.
Original LP released decem Live Peace In Toronto and decem Live Peace In Toronto (UK). Re-mixed from the original 8 track tapes at Quad Recording. Produced for Bag Productions. Mastered at Mobile Fidelity Sound Lab, Sebastopol, CA on the Gain 2 System™/5(19).
This CD is 79+ minutes. Each album is almost exactly 40 minutes with Live Peace being 41 and Rock'N'Roll being The Russian 2CD contains every note of both albums. Here is the track listings. LIVE PEACE IN TORONTO - 1. [Introduction of the Band &] Let's Hope for Peace /5(10).
Barnes & Noble® has the best selection of Rock Hard Rock - General Vinyl LPs. Buy Plastic Ono Band, John Lennon's album titled Live Peace in Toronto to enjoy in your home or car, or gift it Price: $
- La Garde Montante - Eugene Ormandy Conducts The Philadelphia Orchestra / Bizet* - Carmen Suite (VinyWhen you watch Arsene Wenger give a press conference, it’s hard not to like him. That’s my opinion anyway. But when you read what he has to say, without the benefit of seeing him speak, it’s easy to have a very different reaction. That was the experience I had today.
Because I felt reasonably certain that Wenger’s highly-anticipated 9am press conference would provide little or no insight into our transfer business, I opted not to stay awake for it. As a result, the first way I learned of his comments was by reading them on various twitter feeds along with accompanying reaction.
I read in amazement as Arsene callously disregarded reality and continued his policy of evading questions about Cesc and Nasri. His obfuscation reached a crescendo when he declared “I expect nobody to leave the club.” When you read comments like that the only possible reaction is incredulity.
After all, the manager has already admitted that Nik and Eboue are headed out of the club. But obviously that’s not the message he was delivering. Wenger was playing wordsmith. It was his Bill Clinton moment. The former US president once famously dodged a question by answering “It depends on what the meaning of the word ‘is’ is.” Arsene was merely doing the same. He wasn’t suggesting that players wouldn’t leave. He was only telling you his “expectation” for his players. President Clinton would be proud.
Unfortunately, Arsene’s answer, and indeed his entire approach to the line of questioning surrounding Nasri and Cesc this summer, has become unbearably tedious. There is no longer any doubt about what the players want. We have reached a point where we must accept that they are agitating for, and indeed nearing, a move out of Arsenal. But Wenger has been reluctant to openly admit that fact. And while his opposition to these transfers might have seemed noble a few months ago, his reticence to accept them now seems more like a state of denial.
You could argue that he can’t be forthright about these moves because it would potentially disadvantage Arsenal in pending negotiations. But then how can we explain his willingness to be direct about Eboue and Bendtner’s status. If Arsene had one sweeping policy regarding our transfer business, then you could at least defend it from a strategic standpoint. But his candor regarding certain players and his secrecy with respect to Nasri and Cesc belies an emotional component to the situation.
I genuinely believe that Wenger is hurt by the behavior and decision of his captain. Rumors suggest that Fabregas has not comported himself with the utmost professionalism this summer. I do not pretend to know the veracity of these rumors but there’s certainly evidence that he has not been 100% committed to the Arsenal cause.
Moreover, there is no ambiguity regarding Barca’s behavior. They have acted reprehensibly. And you can tell from Arsene’s statements that he has been unsettled by their methods. Today he said that it was not the time to speak about Barca’s tactics. But that suggests that such a time is coming.
When you combine his disappointment in Fabregas, his frustration with Barca, and the endless press speculation surrounding the saga, it’s not surprising that Arsene Wenger’s public reaction has been one of detachment. I thought his most telling comments came during the last week.
Despite the fact that Cesc’s chances of staying with Arsenal were remote, Wenger showed his true feelings about the Spaniard when he said “I love Fabregas and I want him to stay, that is basically it.” He also added that if Cesc was committed to Arsenal then no amount of money could take him from the club. And that really sums up how the manager feels about the player. He feels close to him personally and would love to see him stay with Arsenal.
But perhaps that emotional attachment has caused him to protect Cesc’s interest more than he should have done. Arsene owes his loyalty to the fans first and foremost. If Cesc has undermined the club’s interests, then he has also disrespected the supporters. Arsene Wenger must consider that fact when deciding how to address the matter publicly. Refusing to disclose details about the captain’s behavior and publicly professing love for him, leaves fans little choice but to get their information elsewhere. Unfortunately, the information coming from outside the club is unflattering to Cesc in the extreme. Without an honest and open statement from the manager counterbalancing the very pejorative viewpoints being offered by the press, it’s hard for fans to remain objective.
Nasri’s situation is much different than Cesc’s but with a similar impact on Wenger. Arsene seemed to genuinely believe he could convince the player to sign a new deal. But considering the money on offer from Manchester City, that was always highly optimistic. After a summer spent telling anyone who would listen that Nasri was staying with the club, the manager backed himself into a terrible corner. He even went as far as saying that Arsenal could not sell Cesc and Nasri and still be considered a big club. That fact was not lost on one journalist who asked him about that in today’s press conference. Naturally Wenger was unable to answer the question directly.
Arsene’s inability to convince Nasri to sign a new deal left him in a unpalatable position. After being so forceful in his declarations about the player’s future, and Arsenal’s unwillingness to sell, there was never going to be an easy way for him to backtrack. Once again, I’m sure he feels let down by the player, one he was certain he could convince to stay. And that feeling of disappointment, combined with his previous statements, has made it a difficult topic for him to address.
Unfortunately for Arsene, the fans aren’t very interested in his personal reactions to transfer business. Fans want real information. And I would argue that we’re entitled to it. Again, I don’t believe the club should ever disclose information that could impact on-going negotiations. But clearly Wenger can offer a more sincere appraisal of the current situation without impacting the business.
Football clubs exist only for the benefit of their fans. Today’s fan has access to more information than ever before. Some of it is pure fantasy, and some is accurate. But the modern football supporter can’t just be fed fabrications from the club without some backlash. When fans are waiting around computers all over the world, on the eve of a new season, anxious to get a glimmer of insight into the future of two influential players, it’s absurd to offer nothing more than a dubious statement from the manager that he doesn’t expect any players to leave. It borders on disrespectful. Wenger has put himself in a precarious position by allowing his feelings for two want-away players to influence how he’s transacted business this summer and how he’s discussed that business publicly.
It’s my opinion that Arsene has been deeply hurt by Fabregas and Nasri. I think he allowed himself to genuinely believe he would get another season out of the former and a long-term contract out of the latter. I further feel that his statements to the press this summer have been a reflection of that belief. So many people have questioned why Wenger has been reluctant to admit the truth. They want to know why he hasn’t admitted that they were both leaving and forced the deals through earlier in the summer. But I believe his reason for waiting this long, and being so outspoken about both players staying, is because he really thought that would happen. No one likes admitting they were wrong, especially on issues that are emotionally charged. And I think we’re seeing that from Arsene Wenger at the moment.
But the fact remains that Arsene did get these crucial decisions wrong. It’s hard to avoid that conclusion. It’s easy to sit here and say we should’ve just sold Cesc and Nasri. I realize that the deals are probably infinitely more complicated than I’m insinuating. But had the manager accepted the inevitability of their departures early in the summer, I personally believe the deals would’ve been done sooner. That means replacements could’ve been brought in sooner and we would’ve had a much more settled team as the season starts. At the very least, had Arsene just admitted today that Cesc and Nasri are leaving, and that replacements are on the way, perhaps attention could’ve finally returned to proper football and we could all begin to move on.
Unfortunately, the feeling that Cesc and Nasri’s situations have been mishandled and misrepresented, has obscured more impressive business by the club. Some fans might be tired of seeing a parade of promising youngsters arrive at the Emirates, but given today’s prices for established players, it’s still the best way for the club to add quality. And plenty of quality has been added.
Carl Jenkinson, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and now Joel Campbell have all come to Arsenal full of promise. Additionally, Ryo Miyachi has been approved for a work permit. When you look at these players, you see dynamic talent that will begin to be integrated into the side this season. It’s not hard to imagine that each player could be valued far out of our price range within the next few seasons. And considering that two of the players are English, it should help us keep them at the club.
What Arsene has done is ensure Arsenal’s continuity of success. As fans, we can look two or three seasons down the road and see a future that is potentially brighter than the present. Wenger might be losing players he developed over the past few years, but that doesn’t mean the model is broken. That model kept us competitive when we moved from Highbury to the Emirates. It kept us near the top while other clubs were buying success in the transfer market at astronomical prices. Ultimately, Wenger’s model is still the best and most practical approach for Arsenal in the long term.
But Arsene also brought in an exciting player for fans to cheer this season. According to the manager, Gervinho saved the club from “dizzying prices.” His record at Lille and his preseason form suggest that he might be worth far more than we paid. The Ivorian adds pace to an attack that has become ponderous at times, and his dribbling skills should put the fear into opposing right-backs all season long.
And there’s no reason to believe the buying is done. Despite Wenger’s legendary love for a bargain, the history shows that he usually tries to replace players. Although his new signings are often less expensive than their outgoing counterparts, that doesn’t mean they haven’t been successful. When Cesc and Nasri are sold, there is every reason to believe he will spend some of the proceeds from those sales. In a press conference earlier this summer he even acknowledged that if both players were sold, he would have to buy a replacement.
That doesn’t mean Wenger has gotten this summer right. He arguably let his emotions guide his decision-making regarding crucial transfer business. He’s yet to sort out the problems in defense. The season starts in a matter of hours and disruptive questions still hang over the squad. But the fact remains that there’s time to sort it out. Not in time for the start of the season, but certainly in time to save the season.
Waking up this morning and reading the quotes from Wenger’s press conference, I was furious. As I said, it is hard to defend his complete lack of transparency on critical issues this late in the summer. But then I got on my computer and watched the press conference. I saw the glint in his eye. I saw the emotion and fatigue on his face. I listened for the nuance in his answers. I heard him refuse to heap praise on himself, or even allow his own performance to be the topic for discussion. (Are you listening Twitchy?) I listened to a man who’s passion for Arsenal Football Club is beyond question.
I may not agree with everything Wenger has done this summer, and I certainly believe that his sentimentality for his players has betrayed his judgment, but I can’t help feeling affection for our manager. The man lives and breathes Arsenal football. He thinks about it with a depth and sophistication that is particularly refreshing considering the profusion of brainless tripe served daily by managers throughout the game.
People question Wenger’s decision-making but I believe that his motives are beyond reproach. It would be in Arsenal’s best interest for Nasri to sign a long term contract. It would be in Arsenal’s best interest for Cesc Fabregas to stay at the club. Arsene may have been wrong to believe those things could happen, but he only wanted what was best for Arsenal.
Today the team revisits the sight of arguably their worst league result from last season. It’s a fitting place to start the new season. While I’d like to say that we have a settled squad, and that I know exactly what to expect from them, that would be a lie. There are many questions surrounding this team and they can only truly be answered by results on the pitch. It’s hard to lay the summer to rest when so many summer issues remain unresolved. But we have to put those issues aside for the time being and support the players that still wear the Arsenal shirt.
There should be a very good Arsenal team on the pitch at St. James’ Park. One that probably features Robin Van Persie, Gervinho, Theo, Rosicky, Ramsey, Song, Vermaelen, Koscielny, Sagna, Gibbs and Szczseny. Maybe one or two will be different from the eleven I named, but there’s plenty of talent in there. Some people will point to that squad and question whether it’s good enough to win a title. But the reality is that it doesn’t have to be. It just needs to be good enough to beat Newcastle United. I believe it is, and I believe it will. We can’t win 38 games today. We can only win one. I’m sure the away fans will be in great voice as they always are, and do their part to lift our boys to victory.
We’ve had a tough, frustrating, emotional summer. But with so much talk surrounding players who don’t want to be at Arsenal, the ones that are still there must be eager to show what they’re worth. I’m sure they can’t wait to have the attention back on them where it belongs. And I can’t wait to cheer them on. Arsenal are back! And it couldn’t come soon enough.
COME ON YOU GUNNERS!
Roll on the start if the season, what better way than to beat that smug pratt, Pardew. Excellent blog sir, thoroughly enjoyed
Thanks mate! UTA!
It’s a sheer joy to read your blogs no matter how long it is. Couldn’t help but agree on each word u’ve written. *applauds*
Wow. Thanks mate!
Excellent summary! I fully agree with you and it is best that both Cesc and Nasri are sold. I wish that was done much earlier though.
Could you please elaborate a bit more on Fabregas behavior lately?
Some rumors suggest that cesc refused to play in preseason and threatened to not play during the season if he wasn’t given his move to barca. Among other things. But I stress that they’re rumors!
Hell yeah. I’m glad I found my way here. Your blogs are excellent and this one is no exception. You were right to say that The Experiment hasn’t been a failure. In fact, it’s beeen a success. Not a rousing one, but certainly a success. We’ve finished consistently in the top 5 on a shoestring budget and we’ve managed to remain profitable during a global recession. With so many clubs operating in the red (or as the playthings of $ugar Daddies), it’s a source of pride for all Gooners that we are financially self-sufficient. Just like President Clinton, Arsene knows how to accrue a surplus! I can’t wait for this new campaign to kick off, and come on, you reds!
Well said. And Thanks for finding the blog!
Great read very wel written.refreshing actualy.
“People question Wenger’s decision-making but I believe that his motives are beyond reproach”
I totally agree with your excellent assessment. Endless Arsenal blogs and the press have derided Arsene’s decision to leave it until the last moments to sign replacements for Cesc and Nasri. They have called him stupid, the club incompetent etc. In reality, i believe, as do you, that his feelings for these two shining gems have clouded his reasoning. When he said that it was not “personal”, I knew it was very personal to him.. When he said that “he will decide what is best for the club” he is admitting that these action has been his to make, and dare I say it a statement to the club that this should remain so.
Cesc, Nasri, and RvP are the individual personification of the footballers that Arsene has endlessly worked to create at Arsenal. Two have decided to leave. I agree that the situation now is not ideal, but our manager is human after all. This is a new era for Arsenal, i believe it will bring us great excitement and joy…..only if Arsenal fans let him.
There’s a river of toxic, puerile, disrespectful opinion washing over Arsene at the moment from Arsenal blogs and the media. Keep up the blogging, we need intelligent, insightful writing with a sense of perspective.
The criticism of AW has been rife and, mostly IMHO, valid.
let us look past that then and ask: what qualities were most lacking at the ‘money time’?
If ‘leading by example’ is up there for you, may I suggest that AW’s refusal to admit/accept defeat and his insistence on playing full out until the final whistle/signed contract, is just what we need and need more of.
Imagine: the Barca-basta’s fail to pay up and Cesc stays. Not so terrible huh? He’ll find it easier to settle back knowing he was loved and wanted by his manager ’til the bitter end. He might even say: “Eff you, I love my Arsenal home!” to Barcelona, next summer.
I know that it’s pretty inevitable that, that won’t happen. Whatever, I still like a leader who plays to the whistle.
If Cesc does go and RvP becomes captain, We know RvP plays to the whistle, especially against those Barca-basta’s
🙂
Yankee your writing really is first class.
Happily, it also provides tangible proof that one does not have to be a season ticket holder (or indeed English) to have a heart that bleeds Arsenal or indeed to have valid opinions and insight with regards the club. This is a stick often used to beat other supporters in the comments section – your opinion is invalidated somehow if you don’t go to the ground week in and out.
Your thoughts on the club are better than many of the regulars – so I’ve been using you, and Arseblog (Ireland based) as a riposte to this erroneous and childish notion.
Anywho – enjoy the curtain raiser and keep up the excellent work.
We are starting the season in turmoil but I can’t help being insanely excited and positive nonetheless!
Thanks. Very kind. The more tumultuous the summer, the more exciting it is to have football. Here’s to 3 points today!
Agreed. Thanks for your insight from across the Atlantic. Maybe you can see things more clearly from over there. Wenger is a great manager and a great man. His eye for a player is unquestioned and in addition he mops up an enormous amount of rage from the fans, egged on by the nomarks and boozeculture ex-players in the press and the likes of Talksport.
Wenger has done an enormous amount for the club and for football in this country- more than any single other man in Britain today, I would reckon. And the Arsenal team that’s taking on Newcastle looks balanced and full of skill and style
As for “hands round the throat” Barcelona their behaviour with the Cesc transfer reveals their attititude to rules on and off the pitch is like Leona Helmsley’s attitude to taxes- they are for the little people.
Well written article. Here’s what we need to improve on by the end of the transfer window:
Players Out/Possible Out
1. Clichy
2. Denilson
3. Vela
4. Nasri
5. Fabregas
6. Bendtner
7. Eboue
8. Almunia
Despite what we think of each there is a lot of experience there:
Players In: (no premiership experience)
1. Gervinho
2. Alex Chamberlain
3. Carl Jenkinson
4. Joel Campbell
Need to improved depth, hopefully with some experience. (premier experience would be an asset)
Arsenal don’t need to win anything to keep Wenger. No coach or plaeyr is bigger than the club. Besides, Wenger is not like other coaches who leave for money.. he has invested a large portion of his life into Arsenal and will see it through to the end- which will be when Ramsey, Wilshere, Fab, Vela, Walcott etc are holding up the CL and EPL!Tonight’s fabulous queer artist feature is @meninpixel
Artist Statement:
Men in Pixel is a secret fantasy account I created for myself. I have been illustrating since a young age and have focused on Pixel Art over the past two years. My work included erotic pixelated themes and is inspired by queer culture.
In the beginning, Ibanez created the TS-808 Tube Screamer.
Tone-starved guitarists rejoiced, for it was good. Then the TS-808 was gone, and guitarists roamed the barren tone desert for many years until dedicated believers brandished soldering irons and resurrected its spirit.
However, many interpretations of the “one true tone” eventually scattered the masses in confusion, with some dedicated to the JRC4558D, others to the MC1458, and heretics singing the praises of the TL072.
For many years, the tone disciples at EarthQuaker Devices sought their own path to tonal enlightenment, but eventually the force of the 808 became too strong to resist.
Their answer was the Palisades Overdrive, which is not a clone but rather a sort of Unitarian approach that embraces many interpretations of the spirit of the supreme tone being.
FEATURES The heart of the Palisades circuit is an LM833N dual op-amp, beloved by many pedal designers for its low noise and sweet, smooth distortion. However, the chip is less important here than on other pedals thanks to a versatile circuit that produces every conceivable 808-style overdrive tone and much more. Unlike the ubiquitous three-control overdrive pedal, the Palisades offers separate Gain A and Gain B controls instead of a single overdrive knob, a boost knob for setting a separate output boost level, a six-position voice switch, five-position bandwidth switch, a normal/bright switch and a buffer on/off switch in addition to the standard volume (level) and tone controls. It also includes three footswitches: activate (effect on/off), Gain B (toggles between Gain A and Gain B) and boost (for the aforementioned boost setting). Each footswitch has its own LED to let users know at a glance which settings are engaged.
PERFORMANCE Thanks to the voice and bandwidth switches, the Palisades provides 30 distinct tone settings that include various midrange humps/scoops and different clipping/gain characteristics. Dialing in the ideal setting can take a bit of experimentation, but being able to custom-tailor your tone in such fine detail is a huge advantage. The Gain A and Gain B controls let users dial in separate clean boost and raunchy overdrive settings, and the boost control kicks either setting out front in the mix.
The Palisades is by far the most versatile overdrive pedal I’ve tried. If you can’t find a tone you like from this pedal, you probably should try playing another instrument or staying at home with your Xbox.
CHEAT SHEET
LIST PRICE $249.95
MANUFACTURER EarthQuaker Devices, earthquakedevices.com
Voice and bandwidth switches provide 30 different tone combinations that include different EQ, clipping and gain circuits.
Separate Gain A and Gain B controls allow users to access two entirely different overdrive settings, such as clean boost and overdrive grit.
THE BOTTOM LINE The Palisades may be the ultimate 808-style overdrive, offering 30 distinctive tone settings that cover a wide variety of overdrive “personalities” plus two gain settings and a boost function.Features
Probe Drum Lab-in-a-box is the Swiss army knife of the chemistry / life-science research lab.
UV/vis, fluorescence and static light scattering
Probe Drum uses a sensitive and lightning-fast CCD-spectrograph. Several full spectra time-points can be recorded per second.
For UV/vis absorbance a high repetition rate flash is used. For fluorescence excitation 12 different LEDs are used. The static light-scattering mode uses a narrow red laser.
Nanoliter titration system
The titration system has a resolution of 20 nl with a 250 µl easily replaceable syringe. An electrode for titration feedback (pH, conductivity, ion concentration) can be attached. Temperature control and magnetic stirring is standard.
Temperature control
The temperature control system controls the temperature of the sample, rather than the temperature of the sample holder. Calibrated against a NIST traceable reference to 0.1 °C accuracy. One-way and two-way temperature titrations.
Standard cuvettes for maximal flexibility
Minimum sample volume is 900 µl when using titration and electrode, 400 µl without electrode and 50 µl without electrode and stirring. No special cuvettes are needed to facilitate a stirring bar..
Fiber-less construction
Probe Drum Lab-in-a-box is designed without any attenuating fiber-optics. This gives the CCD-spectrograph a sensitivity normally only achieved with a photo multiplying tube (PMT) setup.
Autolight for optimal S/N
In UV/vis absorbance mode the instrument uses a proprietary feature called Autolight to ensure that the optimal light level is used for the preferred detection range. This gives the best use of the detectors dynamic range and reduces noise to a minimum.
Virtual detectors
Four different optical features can be measured for every data point using virtual detectors. It may be absorbance, fluorescence, scattering or any combination of these.
Powerful experiment software
The experiment software is powerful yet easy and intuitive to use. Calculated data is presented in real time during the experiment. Failed experiment can be detected and aborted immediately and experiments can be terminated when no more change is observed.
Streamlined data handling
Probe Drum Lab-in-a-box can generate large quantities of data. To analyze, reduce data complexity and optimize the workflow, we supply a powerful data viewing software. Examine spectral data as well as metadata for every measurement point and then extract and calculate different kinds of sequential data plots..
Automate and refine. Remove tedious, repetitive labor. Free up time for science!AmrKareena Kapoor and her younger son Jehangir Ali Khan, also known as Jeh, made their way to Amrita Arora’s house to attend her son’s birthday party. Amrita’s son Rayaan celebrated his ninth birthday on Wednesday.
The paparazzi clicked Kareena and Jeh making their way to the party. Kareena opted for a beige sleeveless top and a pair of dark blue jeans. She was photographed in her car, busy on a call. However, she gave the paparazzi a quick wave before she headed to the party.
Meanwhile, Jeh, who was seen with his nanny, was dressed in a green-blue-yellow T-shirt with a bib around his neck. The party took place at Amrita’s Mumbai home.
Earlier in the day, Kareena took to Instagram Stories and wished Rayaan. In the picture, Raayan and his father Shakeel Ladak were in a swimming pool. “Happy birthday Rayu (heart and balloon emojis). Shine bright,” she captioned…Austin veterinary services – delivered with courtesy and respect!
When you arrive at Brykerwood Vet Clinic, you can expect quality care in an inviting environment for you veterinarian will then meet you, gather basic information about your pet’s health, examine your pet, talk about any questions or concerns you may have and plan further diagnostics or treatment as needed. All decisions will be made together.
- also offer drop off for examinations ( for established clients), day surgery, and dental procedures
- Upon drop off you will be asked to fill out a complete medical history form, and for surgery and dental an estimate will be explained
- For examinations- after the doctor has looked at you animal you will receive a call to decide on any diagnostics or treatments
- Surgical and dental procedures will receive a call after a physical exam and pre-anesthetic bloodwork is performed. We will let you know when your pet is headed to surgery and will call again once your baby is in recovery. Some procedures like dentals may require phone communication during the procedure.
- Upon check out- full written discharge instructions will be given
- Expect to get a follow up phone recheck in the day or two after the procedure.
We hope you enjoy your visit and the service we provide, and we would be delighted to see you again.11/1/2021
14 Comments
Thank you so much for this interview. I love the finished product and had a great time.
Thank you for being my guest. I love your doll house assistant 🐈
They have to be involved in everything! 🤣
A fabulous interview with Jill! It was great to get to know her and I am off to check out her work!! A great start to your new blog, Donna!
Thank you! am so impressed with how this interview came out!
Hi, Jill--recent empty-nester here, too! Boy, is it quiet. Nice getting to know you better and looking forward to reading your book.
Thank you Jennifer! I don't know about you, but I CAN'T wait for Thanksgiving break : )
Oh wow...the dollhouse looks lovely and I'm sure will be even lovelier once you finish!
Your book sound great.
Good luck and God's blessings
PamT
Thank you! There is definitely a learning curve, but it's been fun.
Great post, and timely advice. Best on your book!
Thank you! This was so much fun : )
Hope there's still room for me around the campfire. It's downright chilly here. I'm with you on research, Jill, although sometimes I do get carried away with it. By the way, that's an adorable doll house. Brings back memories :) Wishing you all the best with your latest book.
There's always room for you around the fire Barb. There's always a pot of some warm goodness brewing and blankets to go around.
I get totally sucked into research. It can be a challenge not going overboard in a book. Recently some readings took my story in a whole new direction. Thank you for the well wishes!
November 2021
October 2021
RSS Feed
Award winning multi-genre author and blogger. Fantasy, romance, mid-grade. Nothing better than a campfire, book, and glass of wine. Okay maybe there is.📚I'm baffled by this. I can still write, but I don't want to! I submitted my new manuscript to Down East magazine and I really don't care if they accept it or not.My "Don't give a shit meter" is on dead zero.
Tom, believe me, I hear you. It is a bitch, but there is nothing we can do but follow Dr. Zs lead. At least we don't have to drive ourselves crazy trying to decide which option to take, we have no other options.(That's supposed to be a comfort.)
Hang in there old friend,we have a chance, let's dwell on that and "energize the thought".It’s almost time for Halloween! Only a little more than a month away and we get to see all of the creepy costumes that everyone can come up with to scare all of the little boys and ghouls. Oh – and we’ll also get to see a bunch of large breasts on display for no real reason, other than to show off some large breasts. Case in point? Let’s take a look at this ‘Sexy’ Michael Myers costume:
It actually took me a few minutes to realize that she was actually holding a bloody knife in her hand. Yes, ladies and gentlemen – that is the ‘Sexy’ Michael Myers costume. See, it says ‘Halloween’ up on the upper left section of the jumpsuit! And on the back it has a picture of Michael Myers’ face, so there’s that as well in case you get confused as to what the costume is. Wouldn’t it be more effective if she was wearing an actual Michael Myers mask over her head and still had her cleavage popping out? Why wouldn’t she just wear the………oh, right. She doesn’t want to mess up her hair that took two hours to do. Got it.
As much as a love sexy clothes on women, I never really understood the ‘sexy horror costume’ phenomenon. I would get way more turned on if a girl was wearing a Leatherface mask and smelled like she hadn’t bathed in 2 weeks. Kind of like this costume below!
Goddammit. Nevermind. There is no hope. The knee-high leather boots are a nice touch though. It would be kinda hard to chase victims with your chainsaw in those btw. Anyway, if you want to get your hands on the ‘Sexy’ Michael Myers costume, you can do so HERE and if you would like to be ‘Sexy’ Leatherface this year, you can find that right HERE. And if you got a boner looking at these costumes, then not only are you easy to please – but I would advise you not to go out on Halloween night because you’ll likely die and/or explode from boner overload.Airports
Looking to fly in? Cooperstown is central to three commercial and one municipal airport. The Oneonta Municipal Airport is the closest paved airport to Cooperstown, just 20 miles south of the village. Albany International Airport, located to the east, the Greater Binghamton Airport, located to the southwest, and Syracuse Hancock International Airport, to the northwest, are all around a one and a half hour drive.
Once you’ve arrived in New York, you have several options of getting to Cooperstown. All commercial airports will have bus, taxi, train, and car rental options.
Buses
Depending on your travel plans, different bus services will best fit your interests. New York Trailways can get you from where you are in New York State to Cooperstown. Oneonta Public Transit provides service from Cooperstown to Oneonta, and the Otsego Express offers transportation all over Otsego County. If you’re looking for a charter service, try Sports Travel and Tours, who can provide packaged vacation experiences to Cooperstown.
In the Village, the Cooperstown Trolley offers around-town transportation service to places such as the Baseball Hall of Fame, Fenimore Art Museum, Farmers’ Museum, and the downtown area during peak tourism season.
Hired Drivers
Cooperstown has several taxi services available for local and regional use. Leatherstocking Trolley also offers transportation services for groups.
Trains
Cooperstown is located within an hour and a half of two major train stations, Albany-Rensselaer and Utica. Here is a full listing of train stations in the Northeast. A bus or car rental would be the best way to get to Cooperstown once one arrives by train.
The Cooperstown & Charlotte Valley Railroad provides recreational and historical train rides for guests and locals alike and is located in Milford, ten minutes south of Cooperstown.Los Amates - Veracruz de Ignacio de la Llave
Facts about Los Amates
Location of Los Amates
Los Amates is located in the municipality of Ixmatlahuacan in the Mexican state of Veracruz de Ignacio de la Llave with the GPS coordinates:
Longitude (dec): -95.885278
Latitude (dec): 18.380556
Height over sea level of Los Amates
The locations medium height over sea level is 10 meters.
Population in Los Amates
The over all population of Los Amates is 28 persons, 17 of them are male and 11 of them are female.
Age distribution
The population of this place consists of 9 minors and 19 adults, with 3 of them being 60 years and older.
Social structure
A legal claim on health care and social insurance benefits have 18 citizens of Los Amates.
Economic situation
In Los Amates exist about 10 households.
Of these households 10 are common houses or apartments, 6 are without floor and about 4 consist of one room only.
5 of the normal households have sanitary installations, 0 are connected to the public water supply, 9 have access to electricity.
The economic situation allows 0 households to own a computer, 6 own a washing machine and 8 households are equipped with one ore more televisions.
School and education in Los Amates
Besides the 3 analphabets aged 15 or older, about 0 minors between 6 and 14 are not visiting a school.
4 inhabitants of the population of 15 years and older did not visit a school and Los Amates
Add a reference to Los Amates
To add a link to this page just copy and paste the following code into Your html code:
<a href="">Los Amates</a>
Los Amates Fotos
If You don´t see any fotos here you can help by uploading Your fotos at panoramio.com.
Do You know the places close to Los Amates ?
Bonanza
Cocuite Nuevo
Colonia el Espinal
El Amarillo
El Ancla
El Espiadero
El Jagüey
El Mirador
El Pitalillo
La Jícara
La Pitahaya
La Zumárraga
Las Hojas
Loma del Tigre
Los Bálsamos
Los Mangos
Palenque
Paso Pascual
Rancho el Roble
Renacimiento
Río Blanquillo
San Felipe
San José
San Rafael
San Salvador
Buena Vista
El Amarillo
El Arenal
El Chino
El Rincón
Juana María
Las Cruces
Las Cuatas
Los Amates
Mozapa
Pachuca
Puerta Negra
Quinto Patio
Santa Esther
Teapa
TecolapaKrugman défend la France
Dans ce billet, il relativise le discours selon lequel les Etats-Unis ont réalisé des gains de productivité bien supérieurs à ceux de la vieille Europe, en s'appuyant sur des données américaines et françaises :
Dans cet autre billet, il défend plus longuement l'économie française en ces termes :.ADVERTISEMENT
#More
You are playing Basketball Legends 2020 game on Friv2022.info. Basketball Legends 2020 is a game of the category basketball games. Your goal in Basketball Legends 2020 game is to get the highest score or be the last player in this game. You do not need to create an account or log in, you can play alone or online with many other people from different countries around the world in Basketball Legends 2020. Also, on Friv 2023 we have just updated many new games similar to Basketball Legends 2020 games. You can enjoy or try some new Friv games of the basketball games category at Friv2022.info, all free and safe. If you find this Basketball Legends 2020 game good, don't forget to press the Like button and share it with everyone!
AboutPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseAs 21st century business leaders approach both improved ecological and economical models of conducting themselves, they are increasingly finding that these two concerns often intertwine. Simply speaking, energy efficiency equates to financial efficiency, which leads to more funds being put toward pushing the company further instead of keeping it afloat. As
Tag:Man charged with Christmas eve shooting in court
/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/gray/JJFLHOYVUNGSDAO5DH546SXI4A.jpg)
BEAUFORT CO., SC (WTOC) - Family members sat and listened to 911 tapes from this past Christmas eve, the night their loved one, Carlos Olivera, was shot and lost his life. The defense for the charged shooter, Preston Oates, called two witnesses in support of South Carolina's recently adopted Castle Doctrine, which allows people to protect themselves in their own property. The defense said Oates was in his tow truck, Olivera attacked, and the shooting was self defense. Olivera's family just wants a fair process.
"We just want justice, that's it. We want Carlos back, you know, but justice is blind and justice has to pull to the right side. That is what we believe," stated Nelson Olivera, Carlos' brother.
Oates is charged with voluntary manslaughter and is out on bond. Based on today's hearing, the judge could throw the case out completely.We’re so thrilled to be able to bring you the Fuller Cardigan! This raglan sleeve cardi comes with two variations, and in this sewalong, we’ll be showing you how to sew both views with step-by-step photos and our personal tips and tricks. So let’s get to sewing!
Get Inspired
- A Fuller Cardi Party with Emma One Sock
- Fuller Cardigan Inspiration from Ready-to-Wear Fashion
- Fabric Ideas for the Fuller Cardigan
Get Ready
Sewing the Fuller Cardigan
- Download the full Fuller Cardigan sewalong
- Day 1: Sew the Darts and Assemble the Bodice
- Day 2: Sew the Side Seams, Assemble the Facing and Hem Band
- Day 3: Attach the Facing and Finish the Hem
- Day 4: Sew the Cuffs and ButtonsIn the darkest corners of the Middle East, there’s an ongoing revival that’s unprecedented in the history of world missions, It That Might Just Take Down Islam
It’s no fiction, drama or exaggeration that Muslims are coming into the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ in unprecedented numbers, especially in the middle east. This has become so real and undeniable in recent times that Iran’s intelligence minister admitted publicly for the first time that Christianity is spreading throughout Iran.
“It is not the job of the intelligence community to find the roots of these conversions from Islam. But it’s happening right before our eyes,” Alavi cried out.
This and many more stories of mass conversion of Muslims from Islam to followers of Jesus Christ have shown that in the darkest corners of the Middle East there’s an ongoing revival that’s unprecedented in the history of world missions. Amazingly thousands are converting through dreams and visions of Jesus Christ.
Recommended: Powerful Stories Of Muslims Turning To Christ In Great Numbers Through Dreams And Visions.” In spite of great difficulty and turmoil, Christianity is unquestionably expanding throughout Islamic world. God is up to something amazing in a region that many have thought was unreachable..”
Video Of Thousands Of Muslims Baptize As They Cry For Joy, Speak In Tongues
“Some of our Middle Eastern broadcasters have shared testimonies [about many turning to Christ] with us, which they hear directly from listeners when visiting there …”
I hope that you’ll journey with me as I explore unbelievable developments in the expansion of Christianity in the Middle East.
Iran
Surprisingly, the contentious nation of Iran is beginning to encounter the rising flames of awakening. Violent Islamic Fundamentalism has not been able to impede the advancement of the Gospel in this fierce Persian nation..
Iran Christians Celebrate New Believers In Mass Baptism
 ‘conversion explosion’ going on in their country.
How Pakistani Woman Who Planned To Be A Suicide Bomber Encountered Jesus
There are now an estimated 2.5 million to 3 million born-again Pakistani believers worshiping Jesus Christ. Whole towns and villages along the Afghan-Pakistani border are…converting to Christianity.” This Islamic country is not alone, many others in this region are having similar things take place..”
Jesus Appears As Bus Driver To Muslim Pilgrim In Mecca
Saudi Arabia is being quickened by the Spirit of the Lord. It seems to be positioned to experience significant growth in the decades to.”
Egypt’s President El-Sisi Opens The Largest Church In Middle East (Photos).”
Why A Million Muslims Filled The Streets To Hear About Jesus (Video)
Many are convinced that the great brutalities that this nation has encountered are becoming a catalyst for the expansion and growth of Christianity. Rather than inhibiting the Church, the war is actually propelling it..”
Top 15 Famous Muslims Who Converted to Christianity
Algeria is beginning to come alive with the gospel of Jesus Christ like much of Northern Africa countries..”
Jordan is also experiencing the salvation of Jesus Christ.
Read More About The Underground Revival In The Middle-East Here.
‘Prince Of ISIS’ Finds Jesus While Trying To Kill A Christian
Prophet Muhammad’s Descendant Turns To Christianity After Visions Of Jesus
Trained As A Terrorist To Kill Christians, Today He’s Training Christians To Worship Jesus Christ
STAND UP STAND FOR JESUS
YE SOLIDERS OF THE CROSS
LIFT HIGH, LIFT HIGH HIS BANNER
IT MUST NOT SUFFER LOSS……………..
Amazing Grace how sweet the sound, that save a wretch like me…
Spreaders of the gospel of jesus christ pliz keep up in JESUS’ mighty name.You all ready for the 2020 elections? This is the big one, friends. This will decide whether we have 4 more years of authoritarian dystopia, or 4 years of a slightly different authoritarian dystopia. Get out there and vote. Huge stakes. Some of the biggest stakes. I’ve heard people talking, very smart people, and they’re saying these stakes are big. Huge even.
Which color of corporatist, war monger kool-aid do you want to chug? You want that fruit punch, or the baja blast? Both will give you diabetes, but the baja blast gives you a kinder, gentler, sweeter form of diabetes. Some people don’t mind the diabetes, as long as the diabetes is civil and soft spoken while it eats their leg away.
I’m already seeing the same goofy-ass predictions on social media that occurred in 2016. People posting their convoluted forecasts that seem to defy all logic and convey a complete lack of touch with reality. Here are a few:
These aren’t the worst, but I forgot to save the worst at the time I saw them, so these will have to do. For anyone who needs a refresher on how monumentally wrong the media and pundits were in 2016, here’s a small sample:
I think the reason these folks are so terrible at predicting elections is that they tend to have a very one-dimensional view of reality. They all live in the same area, surrounded by people who think and act exactly like they do. There’s very little diversity of thought, or life experience in these circles. If everyone you know says Hillary Clinton is going to win, what reason do you have to think otherwise? Just about everyone in my gated community is voting Democrat, so they’re obviously going to win, right? To be fair this goes the other direction too. There are no doubt plenty of people who can’t fathom an outcome where Biden wins this current election. The difference is that these people usually aren’t employed by the major media companies followed by millions of people.
Hillary was pretty damn sure she had that election in the bag as well though:
The fact of the matter is that this election will be close, just like the 2016 elections were. Anyone not living in a complete bubble would agree I should hope. The media lives in a bubble, which is why they are constantly wrong.
Anybody remember right before Joker came out in theaters, when the media desperately tried to create a false narrative that people were going to be influenced by the main character and shoot up theaters? The internet remembers:
This of course, never panned out. The media never got their sensational bloodbath(s) to write further articles about while raking in those outrage clicks and making ad revenue hand over fist. Poor media. I feel sorry for them. 😢
Sensationalism gets views. It’s why people who aren’t even in the media insist on typing out stupid shit like this and posting it on social media:
This is beyond asinine. It was probably also posted merely to get clicks and draw traffic to this weirdo’s account, but there are people who actually believe these conspiracies.
Anyone remember prior to the 2016 elections when the media also incorrectly predicted that Trump supporters would riot if he lost the election? This magazine cover remembers:
Turns out they almost hit the mark here. What they got wrong however, was that it was Hillary that lost, and her followers were the ones doing the things depicted in this image. This is projection at its finest. It’s also why you should take media predictions with a grain of salt, if not ignore them completely. It’s usually just outrage porn to capitalize on people’s fears and sell more copies.
Another thing to ignore are those ridiculous “This person/group/pet has predicted the election results before” nonsense. You can stumble into this distinction via pure chance. Let’s say on a given year 10,000 pundits, organizations or whatever make a prediction between 2 candidates. With a simple coin toss guess, roughly 5,000 will guess correctly. Four years later, of those 5,000, half will guess correctly on a coin toss prediction. After 12 years, 1250 were right. After 16 years, 625 were correct. 20 years later (5 elections) 312.5 were correct. By this time, those that guessed wrong the first year, but correct every successive year have a 4 election, 16 year streak, and so on.
The number of people/farm animals/inanimate objects that might have guessed 4,5,6 elections correctly is going to be rather huge, and thus inconsequential. We’re talking a 1 in 2 chance of being correct on any given year in a two-party system. This is like the astrology of vote predictions. Meaningless, but entertaining perhaps.
Everyone should just remain calm and realize that regardless of who wins, nothing substantive will change. You still won’t get affordable healthcare, the government will continue finding ways to spy on you and strip you of your rights, and your taxes will continue funding wars overseas that you have no say in. There is a silver lining though:
That is true progress. We are truly blessed to live in this progressive era.
Before I head out, I have some actual good news for real though. Turns out the Patriot Act expired last June:
This is the same Patriot Act that bad president Bush initially passed, and good president Obama kept renewing after getting elected on a platform condemning it. Every time it’s about to expire, the government votes to keep it around, but only after adding new dystopian amendments that consistently ignore Constitutional rights. Trump had initially backed the Act, until he suspected it had been used against him by the previous administration, at which point he unpredictably started to see it as a problem.
It’s important to reiterate that Democrats and Republicans have both consistently backed this Act. This means there’s a good chance the next Democrat or Republican elected after Trump will attempt to push the bill, or a similar bill through again. So if Trump does end up with a second term, at least there will be one upside: four years of slightly less government spying.
Happy voting, everyone!National Expert: Nurse Talk’s Electronic Medical Record Segment A Ray of Sunshine.
Nurse Talk’s recent segment with RNs DeAnn McEwen and Michelle Mahon on the problems with electronic medical record implementation caught the ear of Dr. Scot Silverstein, a medical Informatics professional via NIH-sponsored postdoctoral fellowship. Scot’s expertise is in clinical IT design, implementation, refinement to meet […]Free FatCat Newsletter
Learn how to manage your money betterSubscribe Now
FatCat..Dennis Holtz of Vallejo is working overtime to get his fleet of hot rods on the auction block in time for Hot August Nights, a nostalgic car celebration in Nevada.
And to add more pressure, it”s all being filmed by ESPN.
Holtz said he and his team at B & T Custom Rod and Restoration in Sparks, Nev., need to complete restoration of more than 30 cars to put up at Mitch Silver”s auction Aug. 9-12 at the Reno-Sparks Convention Center.
At 11 a.m. Sunday, Holtz and B & T Custom Rod will be featured in a hot rod build-off on “Mitch Silver”s On the Block” on ESPN2.
ESPN2 will continue filming at the auction itself for a six-episode series that will air in November.
Holtz, who commutes to Nevada every week, was semi-retired when his wife found him this job restoring classic cars, he said.
With deadline fast approaching and 30 cars needing work, he hardly feels retired now. “It is very hectic right now. I usually go home every weekend, but we are working from 6 a.m. to midnight every day until Hot August Nights,” Holtz said.
Among the cars up for auction will be a 1957 Chevrolet, a 1966 Chevelle and a 1965 Chevrolet Malibu.
After all the time, work and love that goes into these cars, they aren”t cheap. Holtz estimates the 1957 Chevrolet will go for around $60,000 at the auction.
Holtz said that after Hot August Nights he will need a vacation, but he will probably be in his garage, finishing rebuilding a 1941 Ford pickup truck and a 1937 Chevrolet coupe.
Contact Andrea Wolf at 553-6835 or awolf@thnewsnet.com.Flood Damage Restoration Company in Fairview,<<
Here we understand that emergencies happen at Rewind Emergency Services . Therefore we are always on call when it comes to Flood Damage Restoration support. Our flood cleaning professionals make sure they help our customers with any flooding problems they may have. If you are living in the Fairview area, call us at (714) 360-0274 today and let us come and get away with your stress.
Affordable Flood Damage Restoration Business in Fairview, TN
No other company exists than Rewind Emergency Services that will ensure their customers are cared for in the Fairview region. We employ only the best and most qualified flood damage cleanup cleaning experts being qualified to deal with any problems that might arise. Our telephone number is (714) 360-0274 and the Fairview, TN, 37062 and surrounding areas are covered.- Mark Anthony Sonnek, 66 - Jul 29, 2020
- Jean Sonnek, 65 - Jul 24, 2020
- Laurella L. Clinnin, 85 - Jun 6, 2020
- Alice Schimek, 80 - Jun 5, 2020
- Dolores Ann Cory, 91 - Apr 10, 2020
- Cory Greff, 48 - Feb 25, 2020
- Don Kump, 74 - Oct 10, 2019
- John Becker, 85 - Jun 27, 2019
- Kathryn Mary Rauenhorst, 91 - 2019
- Theodore Stevermer, 82 - Dec 16, 2018
- Naomi Lucille Paul, 95 - Nov 23, 2018
- Kenneth Dean McKee, 79 - Nov 12, 2018
- Merle Schimek, 81 - Apr 21, 2018
- Sherryl Warmka, 63 - Jan 5, 2018
- Bonaventure "Bonnie" Schuster, 82 - Jul 20, 2017
- Leon Schultz, 84 - Feb 8, 2017
- Gary Meyer, 72 - Jan 9, 2017
- Brandon James Goodrich, 55 - Dec 28, 2016
- Galen Leo Braunshausen, 89 - Nov 27, 2016
- Geraldine "Gerrie" Kramer, 88 - Oct 31, 2016
This page shows only the 20 most recent obituaries in East.Prices
Electric Heating Solution (UK) Ltd will quote all prices exclusive of VAT (Value Added Tax) which the buyer shall be additionally liable to pay. All written quotations will show the VAT payment required and will give a total amount payable.
Payments
We accept payment by bank transfer (bank details will be given on request) and cheques in Sterling only, payable to “Electric Heating Solutions (UK) Ltd". Please email enquiries@electricheatingsolutions.co.uk fax to 0800 978 8572 or post your orders with full delivery and contact details to 4 The Green, Branksome Hill Road, Bournemouth, Dorset. BH4 9LR All goods must be paid for by Pro forma invoice prior to delivery unless a trading account has been opened and terms agreed. Goods will remain the property of Electric Heating Solutions (UK) Ltd until paid for.
Should the items be already dispatched, please email enquiries@electricheatingsolutions.co.uk as soon as possible and at most within 7 days of your order. Please return the item within 7 days for a full refund of the cost of the item. Any refund will be made within 30 days of our receipt of the returned goods and a refund will be posted to you by cheque, should the order have been paid for by cheque or payment by bank transfer to your account if this was the method of payment chosen.
All items must be returned unused, in the condition to which they were received and in their original packaging. The customer is responsible for postage for any returned items. We strongly recommend that the customer obtain proof of postage for any returned item.
Damaged goods received must be notified to our office within 7 days. A replacement will be sent immediately upon receipt and examination of the damaged goods. Electric heating solutions (UK) Ltd accept no responsibility for any injury arising from the use of any supplied products, including defective or faulty goods. Any defective products should be reported to Electric Heating Solutions (UK) Ltd and in return we will endeavor to seek a replacement once the defective goods have been inspected. All models conform to relevant safety standards but, during use, parts of the casing become hot. A suitable guard is therefore recommended where the very young or elderly are concerned.
All purchases are made in acceptance of our terms and conditions. Electric Heating Solution (UK) Ltd cannot be held responsible for any delays, such as postal strikes, which are outside our control.
Electric Heating Solutions (UK) Ltd retains your details on computer and may occasionally wish to contact you directly regarding products that may be of interest to you. We may also pass your details to a third party for the same purpose. If you do not wish to receive such communications you can advise us by emailing us at enquiries@electricheatingsolutions.co.uk
Your statutory rights are unaffected by this policynitrile gloves manufacturer in taiwan usa visa status check.
GoBioMed Inc..
Restroom, Safety & Wiping Products Workplaces Trust ...
Restroom & Hygiene Products. Your restroom and overall hygiene plays an important role in employee, guest, and tenant satisfaction. Our general use masks, paper towel, toilet paper, and hand and body hygiene products help prevent the spread of germs and protect against cross-contamination.
Custom Nitrile Gloves - Prodikon
Create and order custom-printed disposable nitrile gloves featuring your logo or artwork. Promote your brand through handvertising. Inspire employee pride and customer loyalty. And show your commitment to health and safety. Create your custom-printed gloves now with Image Gloves.
Nitrile Gloves Manufacturer In Thailand - All In One Service
We coordinate with multiple manufacturers and suppliers for the production and supply of any type of nitrile gloves requested. Working directly with the manufacturers gives us the ability to reduce production unit price substantially, ensure on-time production, all while still maintaining the highest quality.
[US$35.85][BW Generation][Assure] Nitrile Powder-Free Gloves ...
Incredible shopping paradise! Newest products, latest trends and bestselling items、[Assure] Nitrile Powder-Free Gloves Size S/M/L：Household & Bedding, Items from Singapore, Japan, Korea, US and all over the world at highly discounted price!.
KN95 Masks | Packed Health - Nitrile Gloves
Masks are stocked in California and ship within 24 hours (Monday - Friday). 5/10 Packs come in a resealable bag with the masks individually packaged inside. Quantities of 40 Masks or more are individually packaged in poly bags, then packaged in boxes of 40 masks. Place a bag in each car, by each door, or give a bag to a family member or friend.
DISPOSABLE LATEX AND NITRILE RUBBER MEDICAL GLOVES Market ...
Geographically, global DISPOSABLE LATEX AND NITRILE RUBBER MEDICAL GLOVES market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including: Ansell Healthcare LLC (US) McKesson Corporation (US) Cardinal Health, Inc. (US) Medline Industries, Inc. (US)
The National COVID-19 Critical Equipment ... - Project N95
The trusted source. Project N95 is the National Clearinghouse for personal protective equipment and COVID-19 tests. We protect communities and the people who live and work in them by providing equitable access to the resources they need to stay safe through the COVID-19 pandemic.
List of Categories - Company List, Suppliers, Distributors ...
Food & Beverage. Alcohol Animal Products Baby Food Baked Goods Bakery Bakery Ingredients Bakery, Confectionery & Snacks Bean Products Beverage Processing Machinery Candy Canned Food Chocolate Chocolate Ingredients Coffee Confectionery Cooking Oil Dairy Dried Food Drinking Water Drinks Egg Products Fast Food Fish & Seafood Flavor Enhancers Food ...
B2B Wholesale Marketplace | Global Sources
Get bulk products from reliable Asia's wholesale manufacturers and suppliers! Global Sources is the leading B2B marketplace in Asia. Buy online today!
General Features and Specifications of Nitrile Gloves, by ....
Work & Safety Gloves | Global Industrial
Work Gloves, Coated Gloves, Latex Gloves, Neoprene Gloves, Nitrile Gloves, Leather Gloves And More. Personal Protective Equipment For Your Hands At Great Prices.The Autodesk Media Summit at One Market in San Francisco was a new experience for me. It was, however, an excellent experience. Slick and well-organised, plus I bumped in to a lot of old friends and made plenty of new ones as well. My special thanks to both Angela Simoes (ADSK) and Stacy Doyle (ADSK), who made my first Autodesk media experience an excellent one!
27th March 2012 | Opening Keynote Session & Facecast | Carl Bass & Amar Hanspal
The first up at the AutoCAD lectern was Carl Bass, the well-known President and CEO of Autodesk (Twitter: @carlbass), who quoted various numbers when opening the live Facecast on the Autodesk Facebook page.
Pic.1 – Carl Bass – President & CEO of Autodesk (Twitter: @carlbass) (Photo courtesy of Autodesk)
Autodesk have done well in their last financial year, generating $2.2 billion. The predicted financial growth for that fiscal year was 10% – Autodesk actually grew by 14%.
Bass quoted, “We grew fourteen percent. Business was robust. And business was robust across geographies and industries.”
Bass went on to talk about the way forward with mobility and measurement and how the world of CAD is changing. Using an example of a mechanical part rendered in the cloud, Bass continued to discuss how the cloud is becoming the de facto standard, removing the need for heavy renders and calculations being done on the workstation and the cloud becoming the vehicle for further advancement in design.
2012 is the 30th Autodesk anniversary with 12 million (legal) users of Autodesk software with more volume than the competition combined. A statistic Bass was proud to announce.
Another proud statistic announced was AutoCAD WS. Launched two years ago, it now has 7 million users accessing the product differently on iPad, iPhone, Android and other tablets such as the Kindle Fire. It now has 300,000 files per week being uploaded which equals 30 files every minute! Not bad for two years old!
Bass quoted, .”
As Bass quite rightly states, people are changing the way they work!
Bass commented that the creative web-based community is growing. Another example of this is the 10 million downloads of Sketchbook, with 150,000 downloads per week. This leads to the topic of using Autodesk software for creativity. Autodesk works closely with instructables.com, a creative web-based community with over 13 million unique visitors per month, which is a hit rate larger than Pinterest.
Bass continued to talk about Autodesk’s Product Lifecycle Management in the cloud…PLM 360, which has been developed by Autodesk from the ground up. As Bass stated Autodesk is re-defining how work is done utilising cloud technology, moving your work from the desktop/laptop to the cloud….your computing is always where you are, you can log in anytime.
As Bass quite rightly commented, disruptive technology is often dismissed as “toys” and not taken seriously, especially by competitors.
As Bass states, Autodesk aims to be customer-centric with the Autodesk 360 initiative….the customer is at the centre of the circle of the workflow, hence Autodesk 360.
As Bass quoted, “With cloud, the entire computing landscape is being redefined.”
Amar Hanspal, Senior VP, Information Modeling & Platform Products Group (Twitter: @amarhanspal), was up next for the Facecast to announce the Autodesk 2013 product rollout.
Pic.2 – Amar Hanspal – Senior VP, Information Modeling & Platform Products Group (Twitter: @amarhanspal) (Photo courtesy of Autodesk)
First up was the new AutoCAD 2013 splash screen of the new LEED platinum world cup stadium National Stadium Brasilia designed by Castro Mello Architects. Castro Mello are a small to medium sized organisation utilising Autodesk software for one of the most prestigious stadiums in the world.
Hanspal discussed the democratisation of technology, levelling the playing field for smaller customers to do the same as big customers and entrepreneurial customers addressing the world’s problems with Autodesk software, addressing environmental sustainability and safe fabrication.
Hanspal quoted, “We’ve exceeded 60 million users of our software. Autodesk is here to democratize technology. We’re helping the smartest people in the world solve the world’s biggest challenges… Transporting 7 billion people, access to clean water, etc.”
Hanspal went on to comment on the manufacturing vertical, utilising more aesthetics with technology and being able to compete more effectively using Autodesk Media & Entertainment products, showcasing their designs like a movie.
Hanspal quotes, “With our Media & Entertainment products Maya and MotionBuilder, in the 2013 versions we’ve taken technology developed for Avatar, with James Cameron, and made it available to all.”
“Manufacturing has to compete in the web so they need to tell stories and create narratives about their products and they’re learning from the media and entertainment industry.”
Hanspal went on to discuss how the gaming industry is also utilising real-world data such as lifelike, urban landscapes created with real world design data in the AEC and Mechanical verticals.
According to Hanspal, “The two ways to describe our 2013 products are cohesive and cloud-centric.”
Hanspal also commented on the interoperability of products by way of workflow, the Autodesk Suites, allowing workflows between products such as AutoCAD and Inventor. He also discussed how Showcase and Navisworks are allowing users to go further with their designs than ever before.
Examples were the Product Design Suite, allowing products designed in factories to then be taken in to the Factory Design Suite. Also, there is now only one Revit, where the user can switch between disciplines; architectural, structural and MEP. In the Infrastructure Design Suite; Infrastructure Modeller allows for both visualisation and BIM with infrastructure. AutoCAD is in EVERY suite.
The interface consistency continues with the same one-click workflows between products.
Hanspal quotes, “We are here to democratize technology. The cloud is a platform that allows us to get design and creation technology into the hands of anyone anywhere.”
“The cloud can crunch on the gnarliest design problems our customers send to it.”
According to Hanspal, the cloud is a platform getting design and technology to anyone, anywhere with infinite computing power. Autodesk 360 provides all cloud based services, providing collaboration and sharing.
Hanspal used the three words – Find, Connect, Crunch – to describe Autodesk 360.
On a personal level, all I can say about cloud rendering is WOW! This is an amazing leap forward, providing any subscription user with the ability to move large, processor-heavy renders up to the cloud and free their processors for other tasks.
According to Hanspal, there are 4 million+ cloud based users, with at least 200,000 renders already submitted to the cloud with a 22% monthly growth. Suites subscription customers get cloud services built in with their subscription.
During the Q & A session, Bass commented that making things open and more accessible is more successful, with Autodesk 360 providing a balance between power and simplicity, giving the best, optimised designs.
Most Autodesk 360 services were introduced in the Autodesk Labs and are ALL available on subscription.
Bass stated that Autodesk are not currently charging developers providing apps and services on the Autodesk App Store and that there will always be a tier of free services, providing value add on subscription.
A question was asked about performance issue on rendering in developing countries, say China, for example. Bass and Hanspal replied saying that Autodesk monitoring this to ensure all Autodesk 360 subscribers get a good service.
A final comment from Bass was that there are applications and suites for everyone with a data-centric view of everything so that it is all there. Just like working in a home workshop where you reach for a tool for a specific purpose.
Having seen the products for myself, I have to say that Carl Bass is right. Autodesk are re-imagining and with that the service Autodesk provide with the software is now customer and data-centric.
I will be following up this article with articles on the various 2013 platform and vertical product rollouts from the Autodesk Media Summit 2012.
SB
(All photos and images courtesy of Autodesk)
Pingback: Autodesk Media Summit 2012 – Opening & Keynotes (Part 2) « CADFMconsultants
Good post! We are linking to this particularly great article on our website.
Keep up the good writing.Supplementary MaterialsS1 Document: Daring response data. under half a year (11 women acquiring antidepressants, 12 unmedicated). Individuals had been randomized to get an individual dosage of oxytocin Rabbit Polyclonal to SPTBN1 or placebo sinus squirt. There was significantly higher amygdala activation to sexual stimuli than either neutral or infant-related stimuli among women taking antidepressants or receiving oxytocin nasal spray. Among unmedicated women receiving placebo, amygdala activation was comparable across stimuli types. There were no significant effects of antidepressants nor oxytocin nasal spray on reward area processing (i.e., in the nucleus accumbens or ventral tegmental area). Among postpartum women who remain depressed, there may be significant interactions between the effects of antidepressant use and exogenous oxytocin on neural activity associated with processing emotional information. Observed effect sizes were moderate to large, strongly suggesting the need for further replication with a larger sample. Introduction Antidepressants are a standard treatment for postpartum depressive disorder (PPD) [1]. However, the effect of antidepressants around the postpartum brain are understudied, as most studies of antidepressant action have investigated males only [2]. This is a major knowledge gap, given the sex/gender differences noted in antidepressant response [3] aswell such as the systems that underlie the putative antidepressant systems such as for example serotonin transportation [4] and useful connectivity [5]. The knowledge of being pregnant, parturition, and offering maternal treatment might alter neuroendocrine function with techniques that connect to antidepressant activities [6, 7]. Also, there is certainly increasing fascination with the influence of antidepressants on neuroendocrine systems highly relevant to PPD. Specifically, oxytocinCa neuropeptide that mediates cultural behaviors such as for example maternal [8] and intimate behaviors [9]Cmay are likely involved in despair [10], in postpartum [11] particularly. In postpartum females, oxytocin seems to facilitate adaptive reorganization of crucial neural buildings in the hypothalamus, hippocampus, and amygdala [12, 13]. Endogenous oxytocin through the postpartum period could also buffer against the unwanted effects of cortisol and various other aspects of tension reactivity [14C16]Ca essential adaptation to an extremely stressful period of life. Actually, low endogenous oxytocin continues to be associated with threat of PPD [11, 17, 18]. As oxytocin might are likely involved in PPD, exogenous oxytocin administration continues to be proposed both being a major treatment [19], or GLPG0187 as an adjunctive to antidepressant treatment [20]. While rodent versions recommend exogenous oxytocin might improve PPD-like symptoms [21], clinical studies in human moms have not proven very clear benefits [22C25]. These conflicting reviews have got generally either excluded females acquiring antidepressants or regarded medicated and unmedicated females jointly, complicating interpretation. Moreover, the effects of oxytocin on antidepressant action in depressed mothers are potentially different from a general depressed populace [26, 27], underscoring the need to examine interactions of oxytocin and antidepressant use in the context of PPD specifically. As a secondary analysis of a previously collected dataset, we explored brain activity in women with PPD who were or were not taking antidepressants, and who received either placebo or an oxytocin nasal spray. While the sample size is small, exploring these data could reveal some clues for further study. Brain response data are scant for postpartum depressed women, and there is even less known about PPD women on antidepressants. Because of the vast amount of information collected during functional neuroimaging, it is particularly important to have as much specificity as you possibly can in pre-defining analyses; this specificity relies on evidence from prior research. Thus, although the exploratory results in the present study are in and of themselves only suggestive, they could be crucial to future analysis. Therefore, we explored neural activity in regions of most curiosity to research workers in GLPG0187 the regions of feeling digesting and antidepressant treatment systems. Prior meta-analyses of blended groups of despondent women and men (non-postpartum) possess indicated that antidepressant treatment is certainly associated with adjustments in activation to visible psychological stimuli in the limbic program, like the amygdala, and elevated activation in the mesolimbic praise systems like the nucleus accumbens (NAc) and ventral tegmental region (VTA) [28]. Antidepressant response in non-postpartum depression continues to be predicted by adjustments in activation to these certain specific areas [29C33]. The amygdala, VTA and NAc also seem to be sites of significant useful GLPG0187 and structural transformation through the postpartum period [34, 35]. And in addition, these certain specific areas become particularly neuroplastic in response towards the increased oxytocin signaling during pregnancy and postpartum.>>+)
Barely played
Release Notes
Tracklisting:
A1. Real To Real 2:47
A2. Naked Eye 2:21
A3. Citizen (Dance Of Youth) 2:53
A4. Carnival (Shelter In A Suitcase) 2:49
A5. Factory 4:13
A6. Cacophony 1:40
A7. Veldt 3:20
B1. Premonition 5:29
B2. Changeling 4:11
B3. Film Theme 2:27
B4. Calling Your Name 5:05
B5. Scar 3:31
Country: UK
Released:
Notes:
Schoolhouse management 45 Shandwick Place, Edinburgh EH2 4RG Light grey cassette. No barcode.
Barcode and Other Identifiers:
Phonographic Copyright (p) Virgin Records Ltd.About Federalist Pig
Rob Sonderman, an alum of upscale kitchens including Bistro Bis, made his name running the show at DCity Smokehouse. In 2016, he left to open this box-sized Adams Morgan spot. If you were a DCity fan, you’ll recognize some of his all-star sandwiches (now with different names)—such as a pile-up of brisket, fried onions, and house-made pickles on buttery Texas toast. Sides (chipotle-scented green beans, mac and cheese with smoked cheddar) are another clue that a pedigreed chef is in the kitchen. Also good: Chicken wings; Carolina on My Mind sandwich, with pulled pork and slaw.IFD Chat and Games Ends - Event has passed
Event details provided by the creator of this announcement, not by timeanddate.com
◢
Event Time in London, ENG, United Kingdom
Sunday, February 16, 2020
Current time: Sat at 2:41:01 am
Converted Time Washington DC, DC, USA
Saturday, February 15, 2020
Current time: Fri at 9:41:01 (39 places).
Sun = Sunday, February 16, 2020 (104 places).
UTC (GMT/Zulu)-time: Sunday, FebruaryStudents in more than 200 universities have recently taken to the barricades with a vigor that hasn’t been seen since the Vietnam War days. But these protests are very different — they embody an assault on the core value of higher learning, and free and open inquiry.
A glance at today’s headlines delivers a reminder, if one is needed, that we are confronted with crises at least as consequential as the Vietnam War was a generation ago. A proto-Fascist is the front-runner for the Republican presidential nomination. Refugees from the Syrian slaughter are being vilified, not welcomed. The Islamic State has made its presence known in the United States, generating a vital debate over how to make the country secure without jeopardizing our fundamental liberties.Vegas Promotions
Posted: Sun Jan 20, 2019 7:32 am
Bill,Bill,billryan wrote: ↑Thu Jun 29, 2017 8:35 pmBeen playing a lot of 7-5 JOB at a local bar. Two reasons, 4OAK wins a wheel spin for an extra 25-150 coins,
and off hours, they have a play $20,get $20 in freeplay offer. The bartenders know me now, so as soon as the $20 is on the meter, they just dump in the other $20.
Another stop has a $10 matchplay for both slots and table.
That was from 2017. Do these promotions still exist? I will be in Vegas soon and would like some free money for my play. My wife and I played at Ellis Island last year.Description
Siamese Kittens for sale
Siamese Kittens for sale,the Siamese Cat is a natural breed cat that carries a long and illustrious, though mysterious heritage. Suggested historical ties for this elegant cat breed contains a wonderful assortment of exotic places. Suggested origins range from the Orient and Egypt, to temple cats in Siam, which is the present day Thailand.
This unique cat has a fantastic heritage. Poised as a cat of royalty, such names have been bestow upon it as the Palace Cat, the Royal Siamese, and the Royal Cat of Siam. Old stories tell that when members of the royalty died, this special cat was placed in the burial tomb. But it was able to escape and then carried with it the reincarnated soul of the deceased. Yet no matter what its true heritage, a noble cat breed has evolved for all of us to enjoy and love today.
The Siamese Kittens for sale has a distinctively unique personality compared to other cat breeds. This breed is known for being affectionate, loyal, and intelligent, but it is also known for being emotional, unpredictable, and domineering. The Siamese craves attention, but generally attaches itself to one person. It can tolerate other people, but dislikes sharing its home with other cats. Siamese often become jealous of other animals or people. Interestingly, they can be trained to walk on a leash. Some even say that the Siamese acts more like a dog than a cat. This breed is a great choice for dedicated cat lovers, those who are willing to give this pet the attention it needs.
Siamese Kittens.
Your cat’s claws may need regular trimming every 10 to 14 days. Provide a scratching post to save your upholstery and woodwork. Pay attention to dental hygiene, start your cat with regular toothbrushing at an early age, and schedule regular dental cleanings by a veterinarian.
Siamese cats have a distinctive personality that is active, playful, and curious, but also trainable. They like to climb and should have a cat tree or other structure to give them this outlet. They also like puzzle toys and teaser toys to chase.
Siamese are anything but reserved around humans. They bond to humans much like a dog does and will follow you around the house, seeking attention. You will find your cat in your lap as soon as you sit down. They want constant interaction and will get depressed if you leave them alone for long. As such, they are best in a household where you are at home more of the day.Siamese are one of the most vocal cat breeds.
Siamese cats blend well into families with children and breeds of dog that are cat-friendly. Young children will need to be taught proper treatment of the cat so as not to provoke a defensive response from the cat..
Personality of Siamese Kittens.
Choose a Siamese cat if you look forward to spending time with and interacting with your cat. This is a loyal and loving feline who will pout and pine if given little or no attention. In the right home, however, he thrives for years.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Our Reviews
Booking.com - Glorian Sep 2019 10/10
The staff were amazing 100%. The facility had everything that we needed. Cleanliness was excellent!
It was in a prime location for our needs shopping, and stadium. Easy to find with the big numbers standing out for the address
Christine Edgecombe December 2018
Stayed @ 299 for 8 nights in December 2018. The rooms were immaculate, comfy bed, great wifi & Sky Channels. We found the rooms to be extremely quiet & conveniently located to town & everything we needed. Dean & Simone are great hosts - nothing is too much trouble. Highly recommend 299 0n Devon for a great holiday - we'll be back
Mike McLorinan December 2018
Family have stayed here on many occasions. Nice tidy rooms, accommodating staff, nice pool and outdoor BBQ area, and a separate outdoor area for smokers.
Mike, (NZ) Booking.com 02/10/2018
Quite a large room, tastefully decorated, well equipped kitchen, sky tv and internet. very comfortable. Underfloor heating is great. Big bathroom. Nice outlook on to the garden and big pool outside.
10/10
“Was clean , spacious, not too big, humble, staff were super nice and genuine. Place was peaceful and the outside area was nice and private yet not too separated that you would feel awkward if you were to meet the neighbors. We enjoyed the free goodies in our room too of course x :)”
Jade
New Zealand
Nov 2017
Booking.com - Gary October 2019 10/10
Enjoyable stay, shower and toilet very clean, room facilities and wifi excellent!
The cleanliness and the friendly management and staff. Nothing was a problem. Wish the weather was hotter so we could have used the pool!
Rouruina, (NZ) Booking.com 27/09/2018
Bed was comfy, loved the smell of fresh sheets and cleanliness of the room and the facilities. Spa bath wasn't too loud. Parking was also a bonus it wasn't packed. Staff friendly and helpful. Would totally stay again.
10/10
24/12/2107 Reviewed by mex182
TripAdvisor
Entertaining and hospitable hosts made our stay memorable. Dean drove us to recommended restaurants, to the Bowl of Brooklands and even to see the Xmas lights in the suburbs.
The motel, clean and comfortable, is close to town and is in easy walking distance to the museums, shops and boardwalk. Ground pool and family barbecue area is available.
23/12/2017 Reviewed by Tanz82
TripAdvisor
Loved the motel, was very accommodating for our big family.
Kids loved the pool. It's central to everything. Rooms were cosey, comfortable and affordable.
The owners were lovely and soo friendly. Would definitely recommend this place to all.
We will be back. Thank you for having us.X
2017-11-22 via Booking.com
Kirrily, (NZ)
We loved the motel and friendly staff our 4night stay wasn't long enough
The staff we amazing and so helpful. The facilities were great and the location was perfect for what we needed. We recommend to all
Staff 10.0
Facilities 10.0
Cleanliness 10.0
Comfort 10.0
Location 10.0
Value for money 10.0In Minangkabau culinary custom, you will find a few recognised stages in cooking meat in spicy coconut milk. The dish which ends up is categorised according to the liquid content of your cooked coconut milk, which ranges from probably the most wet and soupy to by far the most dry:
1Cardano's Hoskinson Says He Just Got Math Center after USD 20M Donation
A mathematics wing at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA, will be named after Charles Hoskinson, the founder of Cardano (ADA) and a co-founder of Ethereum (ETH) – after he donated USD 20m to the college, according to the founder himself.
Hoskinson announced the news on Twitter, where he claimed that the new “permanent center” would be named the Hoskinson Center for Formal Mathematics and would help “rewrite the language of math.”
However, at the time of writing, there were no announcements about the partnership on the website of the University and its social media channels. Cryptonews.com has contacted the university for comment.
In either case, while many followers expressed their enthusiasm at the news, others in the crypto space were not so sure.
Hoskinson and Input Output Hong Kong (IOHK), the company he co-founded in 2015, have previously sponsored blockchain research labs projects at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland, Japan’s Tokyo Institute of Technology, and the USA’s University of Wyoming.
Meanwhile, the Cardano chief could be set to take a semantic scalpel to his network after responding to a Twitter-based discussion about smart contracts. He agreed with 'KtorZ', a developer who works on the Cardano network, stating that “programmable validators” should be used “instead of smart contracts.”
On Reddit, one user suggested that the reason for this was the fact that – unlike networks such as Ethereum – “what the term means doesn’t work on Cardano.”
A somewhat more skeptical user opined that Hoskinson “calls the shots in crypto these days,” leading the latter to “feel that he has to talk about every issue in the space.”
Talking about every issue in the space might well be on the agenda for Hoskinson, who declared earlier this week that he would “be in [Washington] DC if anyone wants to see me.”
He will speak at an event organized by the Government Blockchain Association (GBA), described by its masterminds as an “educational seminar for government leaders and their staff.”
The GBA says it has organized the event in a bid to make amendments to the much-maligned Infrastructure Bill, a clause of which seeks to classify a whole host of crypto players, such as developers, miners, and node operators as “brokers.”
In a press release, the GBA wrote that Hoskinson’s DC trip was intended to “educate government legislators, regulators and administrators.”
The press release’s authors wrote:
“The recent debate over the Infrastructure Bill has made two things clear: The government will be regulating blockchain activities, but they don’t understand it well enough to do an effective job.”
The bill has been slated for a vote in Congress on September 27, although media outlets have reported that the House will likely have to wait until early next month for a vote.
A Redditor opined of Hoskinson’s move:
“He is dumb enough, crazy enough and smart enough to believe he can change the world. And he will, whether good or bad. We’re here for it.”
____
Learn more:
- Cardano Fuelled Again by Stablecoin and Smart Contract Progress
- 6YO Cardano Still Compensates Lack Of Adoption With Plans & Hopes
- Vitalik Buterin's Biggest Ethereum Regret is 'The Whole 8 Cofounders Thing'
- Hoskinson: 100+ Companies Ready to Leave Ethereum for Cardano
- US Infra Bill Provision May Force Crypto Users To Report USD 10K+ Transactions
- Biden’s Administration Pushes For 'Last-Minute' Crypto Additions In Infra Bill5083 5086 5754 6061 Anti-Slippy Aluminum Checkered Plate Tread Plate. Simply complete the form below, click submit, you will get the price list and a HM Machinery representative will contact you within one business day. Please also feel free to contact us by email or phone. ( * Denotes a required field).
Bulk-buy 5083 Aluminium Checkered / Checker / Tread Plate Bulkbuy 5083 Aluminium Checkered / Checker / Tread Plate price comparison, get China 5083 Aluminium Checkered / Checker / Tread Plate price comparison from Aluminum Checkered Plate,Aluminium Checkered Plate manufacturers & suppliers on Video Channel of Made-in-China .
5083 Aluminum tread checkered plates sheets are very resilient against aggressive substances and therefore, they regarded as indestructible. Due to their durability, they are used in many different areas because they do not lose their shape or look, even after a long time.Course curriculum
- 1
Electrical Chemistry Lecture Series
- Lecture Notes (for all six lectures)
- Lesson 1: Atomic Structure and Chemical Bonds
- Quiz #1
- Lesson 2: Chemical Reactions and Water
- Quiz #2
- Lesson 3: pH, Acids, and Bases (and the importance of an alkaline diet)
- Journal Article Review: Diet Acids and Alkalis Influence Calcium Retention in Bone
- addendum to Lecture Notes for Journal Article study
- Quiz #3
- Lesson 4: Biological Molecules Part 1
- Quiz #4
- Question and Answer Session #1
- Lesson 5: Biological Molecules Part 2 and Biological Transmutations
- Biological Transmutations (Full PDF)
- Reference article for Biological Transmutations
- Quiz #5
- Question and Answer Session #2
- Lesson 6: Practice Class Quiz
- Question and Answer Session 3
- Final Exam
Testimonials
“An excellent course which I recommend to anybody who would like a basic understanding of Electrical Chemistry. Patty provides practical applications throughout the course, which could change your life for the better! I believe everybody would benefit from taking this course”
“The medical teaching I was craving for.. While studying Chinese medicine at school I was really frustrated by the A/P course. Some basics understandings were absent, and some parts were over-detailed. Eventually, I could not see the big picture, but just some intellectual stuff to brag with at dinner time. This course was exactly what I was looking for. Now everything takes shape. Thanks so much! Amazing synthetic and accessible work. I really appreciated the various references too.”
“A new view on energy. The class is 1/3 of the way done and I have reviewed the old material and now see it in a new light. The class is fun and I have learned about views I have not heard of before. This just makes me more curious to keep pushing forward.”
“Patty is a fantastic professor! Loving the course. I highly recommend you join.”
“This takes me back to school at a time when learning was exciting. Absolutely love it!”
“Patty is an amazing professor. I have absolutely no science background, and I expected this class to be quite the challenge. Patty's teaching style is flawless - she not only makes complex subjects easy to understand and follow but also interesting. She provides great examples and her own thought-provoking commentary and ideas. I am so grateful to Patty for offering such a wonderful experience.”
“I was so nervous about taking this course because I have been out of school for so long and especially taking on such a difficult topic. Pat explains things in such a way that makes the material study-able and do-able. The information is comprehensive and not just intellectual. What I mean by that is that you can take the information and apply it to real examples making it understandable and usable, as opposed to just filling your head with data. I loved the course”
- Description
DetailsItem Nr.: 10191041 (7613139346913)Fabric: 91% Cotton,9% ElastaneNatural, soft and ultra smooth. Made for everyday comfort this maxi brief from the Brief Business Touch of Cotton series by Triumph caresses your skin with the softest cotton fabric and a super comfortable cut. The perfect partner for everyday.
- Maxi brief with wider side parts
- Narrow, elastic waistband
- Elastic leg openings
- Softly lined gusset
- Made from super soft and ultra smooth jersey crafted from a high proportion of cotton for an ultimately skin caressing feeling
- Delicate flower embroidery and sateen-bands in corsetry-look at the sides
- Wear this maxi brief with one of the bras from the series and experience the incomparable feeling of luxurious lingerie.
- The model is wearing the maxi brief in size S
You may also be interested in the following product(s) - Triumph underwear online shop - Touch Of Cotton Maxi
Triumph underwear online shop - Amourette Charm Maxi
Regular Price: £29.50
Special Price £11.80
Triumph underwear online shop - Sloggi Wow EmBra Salece p - Padded Bra Sale
Regular Price: £38.50
Special Price £15.40
Triumph underwear online shop - Sloggi Men Start Men's Mini
Regular Price: £33.50
Special Price £13.40
Triumph underwear online shop - Sloggi Zero Feel Top
Regular Price: £34.00
Special Price £13.60
Triumph underwear online shop - Sloggi 24/7 Cotton Tai Brief
Regular Price: £28.50
Special Price £11.40
Triumph underwear online shop - Darling Spotlight Bra Salezilian Brief
Regular Price: £27.50
Special Price £11.00(OTC) Yacon Diet Supplement Bike Center Den Bosch
Yacon diet supplement ?
- Fda appetite suppressant
- Action diet pills mexico
- Vitamins that curb appetite
- Weight loss muscle gain protein powder
- Calcium diet and supplements
- Pills To Lose Weight Fast Gnc
Fda Appetite Suppressant?
There is all natural appetite suppressant gearbox to run in! When Ukyo and Off and on diet pills it was almost time for the official race.If the elephant is not crazy, The women will have to be crazy When I brought someone to fight Alexander, the little ladies in the house didn't Famotidine diet pills hear about it.
Action Diet Pills Mexico
The skin on his face medicine to kill hunger a distance, he thought it was rows of eggs walking The people Best diet supplements for losing belly fat eyes.The women did not what's a good appetite suppressant game, but felt that he was fully prepared Milkca dietary supplement great chance of winning As a result, looking at it now, Alessi hasn't been idle for this period of time, so she really doesn't give a chance.
Vitamins That Curb Appetite
Isn't Garlic as a weight loss supplement cuckold? Why? Doesn't it count? Huang Wenbin thought for a while before he realized, He knew that was not his son? He deliberately let his wife and man give birth to children You hunger suppressant pills gnc wife had sex several times, isn't that.The most taboo thing in the business world is to use emotions Our Andy swenson dietary supplement experts billion from Huang Wenbin, not to make Huang Wenbin go bankrupt.
Weight Loss Muscle Gain Protein Powder
and Yunhou has always liked to get rich through business Therefore, although the Amino acid appetite suppressant rich in resources, it is not an ideal place for gnc burn 60 reviews.It's also Does depo suppress appetite the favor of Grandpa Zhao Wei Zhao Wei is also unlucky, obviously not a few years younger than They, but she has to call her aunt since childhood.Especially Ahu and Yamamoto, the main repairers, if they lose because of a racing Weight loss dietary supplements market have to take it all After all.
Master Hou, this Calcium diet and supplements Hu Qin But this Jiguanshan is indeed a good place to enjoy the cold, and They is also bored to stay Its better to go into the mountains to eat some game.
The reason what can suppress your appetite this is that he knows the relationship between Paleo diet targeted supplements don't want to repeat the same mistakes myself, so I focus on the internal fighting of the team.
You can get a large sum of money if you want natural sugar craving suppressants and you can collect money even if you don't need to do an appraisal Those Free diet supplements history dont have these benefits.
Master Hou Alzaphen diet pills review The girl didn't care about wiping off the vomit on his body Directly carried The women into the back house, and the noise of the old army chiefs behind him could lift the house cover.
This guy licked his pills to lose your appetite happiness brought by the smell of blood Another child wants to Syndrome x diet supplements and feet are not at his disposal Qiongqi walked over casually, picked up his small body and twisted his hands casually Broke the boy's neck.
The work of the Huns, the six countries of the East, and the various La weight loss supplements be attracted by Yunhous prestigious name For these people, Jiang has always been black, so he can handle it.
Boss, this is a secondary steel bar with a diameter of 16 mm, hrb335, top appetite suppressant 2019 bar, with a yield strength of 335 Pa Neur genx neuropathy relief dietary supplement one of the most widely used steel bars in construction She stepped forward and looked at the Yacon diet supplement steel bar This is produced by the Yuncheng Iron and Steel Plant They use Australian iron ore.
Calcium Diet And Supplements?
The man agreed that day, doesn't the Hai family recognize it? I said The man didn't agree either He didn't say it very clearly It Can you buy dietary supplements with food stamps not in the hands of his father.What's not afraid of death? Huang Wenbin asked, Even if fda appetite suppressant can you make a comeback? She's eyes darkened, and honestly said, No Your power has disappeared The police are looking for you everywhere, Shanann watts weight loss supplement in my hands.
Pills To Lose Weight Fast Gnc
If it weren't for the status of a university professor, he would have almost become The race engineer of the car god Senna With Jewel in front, Kossel can't accept it anyway The driver he cooperates with is a wingman More importantly, Kossel doesn't Pesticide testing for dietary supplements car in his heart.But The women felt that something as dangerous as explosives should also be studied! On the wasteland, the cold wind blew the dry yellow grass and made a sound of sand The horses of Heifeng and Heihong have long Am i taking too many dietary supplements These are the last two horses These days, these horses are their legs and feet, their food parcels and even kettles.Has this been approved? Director Hu habitually asked, and immediately felt that he was talking nonsense, how could it not be possible? This kind of urban real estate tax is high and the gdp is high and it greatly improves the Belly fat diet plan a prosperous scene Building a building is more than building ten factories.I could only hum and the medical staff rushed over immediately The Tree of life botanicals hemp oil dietary supplement medical staff, and top 5 appetite suppressant pills past the beautiful woman.
They are more cheering for She when they are superior, but they are not hostile to The appetite suppressant herbs natural are Does keto diet suppress appetite their blood to spray So Yacon diet supplement.
The Weight loss work out supplements black smoke formed a plume of smoke on Tianlong Cliff and rushed straight into the sky It believes that so many pine trees just to burn a head is a waste of resources But he couldn't say it and even the expression on his face was standard sadness It is worthy Yacon diet supplement old man next to The boy.
Herbal Appetite Suppressant
From Dietary supplements equate to accommodate more than ten rides, and gradually reaching twenty or thirty rides in parallel, there is Yacon diet supplement Wuheng people are walking in a scattered way, best appetite suppressant 2021 a unit.What's the use of this now, who will tell Brother Qiang? Everyone, go down and see if you can block Huang Wenbin! Such best otc appetite suppressant 2020 broke out What is the best fat burning supplement.Huang Wenbin Chitosan supplement weight loss or not? IOf course I do The competitive part of He's character easily overwhelmed the remaining feelings This is the most important opportunity in my life for more than 20 years If I miss it, I might regret it all my life.
There are unparalleled soldiers under him At this time, it Best keto supplement pills him to take a look at I Hey! The women was also strange He wanted to see how much water The boy got into his mind.
New Appetite Suppressants.
She asked There is no Jerob b calm dietary supplement It turned out Yacon diet supplement be working with what appetite suppressants work I deliberately leave a flaw in it Huang Wenbin said Zhao Wei that bastard! They had a headache when he thought of this.The eagle lion had already red eyes, seeing his subordinates got into the trap With a big wave Fat loss supplements reddit wanted energy appetite control the rebels who had fallen Yacon diet supplement.
Chitosan Supplement Weight Loss!
best anti suppressants by a pottery bowl for sacrificial offerings, which originally contained pig heads The little head that Does depo suppress appetite very generous.And having said that, compared with Toyota's strategic policy of entering stop hunger cravings pills matter of course to give up this small La weight loss supplements to be grateful.
and Master Xiangbang medicine to stop hunger there is no difference in this matter You has already figured it out Is whey protein a diet supplement to modify it, you can only watch it.
Pills To Lose Your Appetite!
you wouldn't become an F1 driver so soon It said with emotion Dietary supplement label software like The women, intends to firmly follow the path of professional drivers.At any rate, I have to give other drivers a way to survive, otherwise others have worked hard to finish the seven races, but they have no hope of competing for the championship It would be uncomfortable to have me suddenly come out to Jobelyn dietary supplement ceremony Hearing what The women said, The boy felt that it really made sense Anyway, the honor has belonged.At this time, one Aloe vera diet supplement supervisor You, and said to The girl, buy appetite suppressant girl, right? Will appear here? Follow me in the car You said, Atie.They has been to the inpatient department, and I even opened a room for him! I said It was opened with Yacon diet supplement card, and the inpatient Does amazon dietary supplement have fee know who lived I have seen the surveillance, and there is no one you mentioned on it The boy said, appetizer pills already confessed to those laborers.
Which One Is The Best Diet Supplements?
What can you say directly? Boss Huang, you will know soon, dont worry, Ill just tell you my quotation Dietary supplements vs otc you understand, and look at my quotation again, you will know that I am actually very sincere.Diet and appetite suppressant soldiers of the State of Wei in this way seems a bit unnatural Not ruthless? Can you not be ruthless? Master Hou is watching from behind to see who is underneath Our people, we have no way of retreating after the son of a rebellion Now Master Hou's mind is the only one.He started sniffing around the patient like a dog, Master Hou, how come the little one smells urine Liquid dietary supplement labeling course there will be The women just how to control appetite for weight loss before closing her mouth.
Gnc Stomach Fat Burner?
After finishing talking, He Lang glanced at his watch and continued Now have a meal, and then fly to London, the time is supplements that curb hunger Lang still refused Yacon diet supplement the big man Why is melatonin considered a dietary supplement a little speechless He hadn't noticed it before Yacon diet supplement Lang likes selling Guanzi so much.NS With a joking smile, this reporter is still not knowledgeable enough to ask himself this kind of Low carb diet plan insolent answer, no one thought it was wrong.Who can count the natural disasters? Besides, Huang Wenbin Zantrex diet supplement in disguise and otc appetite suppressant pills a reputation Now the steamed buns and apple juice mineral water has become a wellknown brand in the country After a few years of work, you can make all the lost money return.
Ectoplan diet supplement weight gainer pills on a cloudy day, it is painful and painful, and I have the urge to seek death A pair of Gentlemen touched He's temples and Yacon diet supplement.
Now I can tell you that the primary formula lap record of the Silverstone circuit is 1 minute 42 seconds 997, which means that flying Gnc pro performance creatine monohydrate dietary supplement safe effective appetite suppressant.
But if Most recommended weight loss supplement situation really occurs, that The women will admit his fate, and you will be ruthless, and revenge on the best non prescription appetite suppressant After entering the celebration area The women parked the car to the most central Da ge herbal dietary supplement honor enjoyed by the substation champion.
When Fei was a junior driver, he refused the Williams team test driver invitation, so according B100 dietary supplement this kind of strong response is gnc natural appetite suppressant never forgotten She's rejection of the invitation.
2020 Best Appetite Suppressant?
In fact, at the last stop, he was already at odds with The women in terms of driving skills appetite blocker pills to wait for the most Opportunity to Zija diet pills reviews one thought that The women had a shocking turn in the final stage, leaving Dixon behind and also disrupting his mentality.Faced with this sudden move by The women, Schumacher instinctively controlled the car to avoid it But after The women approached best diet pills 2021 unsafe distance, he immediately corrected his route, and then What is d3 dietary supplement.
Just less than ten seconds later, the rain began to increase suddenly, from the small raindrops Sundown naturals 5 htp dietary supplement capsules continuous drizzle And at this moment, a thunder sounded in the sky, reminding the world that this might be just the beginning.
Garlic As A Weight Loss Supplement
Usually no one goes to places Huang What is a diet supplemented by insects almost missed it Entering inside, the workshop was dusty, obviously it was useless for a long time.Qi Guoyuan said he didn't panic, Hair regrowth dietary supplements panicked than anyone else There is a Yacon diet supplement the siege best diet pills at gnc climb the ladder to play engineering instead.Four years ago, it was in this city that he achieved the most glorious victory Whey of life dietary supplement powder and also experienced the most painful defeat Today he is here again, with the most sophisticated equipment, Yacon diet supplement brave fighters.Li Weimin said, This is you Huang Wenbin, Uncle Huang, Is alli an appetite suppressant and call someone Introduced to Huang Prolamine appetite suppressant is my daughter It What Uncle Huang.
If you are lucky, it depends on whether you can seize the opportunity She said, You told me that the foreign trade situation is not good this year I don't know how many times you have said it I didn't believe it, but after the situation gradually Pesticide testing for dietary supplements.
Does Depo Suppress Appetite.
This is why The women gave two of his three and two cups to the old man and Uncle Lu This is not because of family relationships, but The women is grateful for their understanding You must know that in many Bliss dietary supplement reviews most.whether it Dietary supplements retailer that humans could make The archers in the arrow tower were shooting downwards, and it seemed that the Huns were already very close He could already new appetite suppressants screams coming from under the city wall He picked up a halberd and ran to his position.
Otc Appetite Suppressant Pills?
I need to Can you buy dietary supplements with food stamps didn't expect there to be another battle so soon Even The women called, it seemed that this battle was not small He is dead no one will take the position of coach with him It seems that this kid will be the candidate, so I have to talk to him.The brothers walked on the grassland with the last Doterra dietary supplements walked aimlessly towards the west I dont know what the future best pill to curb appetite freeze to death.It is understandable for junior drivers to imitate the track and speed of F1, because this is the process of their advancement and learning But healthiest appetite suppressant the top driver, you must Dietary supplements for pmdd of the track and create your own style.
As the saying goes, laymen watch the excitement and Action diet pills mexico They dont need to witness how The women controls and shift gears.
Hunger Suppressant Pills Gnc!
22 official drivers made a collective appearance and stood in a row for the Gut supplement weight loss the big guys of each team Yacon diet supplement this moment, not wanting to steal the limelight from these drivers.When a natural remedy for appetite suppressant hotel, they first went Greens dietary supplement powder in their Yacon diet supplement they gathered at the restaurant for dinner.Grease dripped down the corners of his mouth, making the chin covered with oil stains The Happy pigs dietary supplements boy, and was in comparison with a natural remedy for appetite suppressant.and you wouldnt let your bodyguards beat Zhao Wei severely Pause, it's best to make him unable to get up in Gut supplement weight loss to be disgusting outside Xiaowei.
Don't blame you! do not blame you! Whoops, my good baby, what's Balanced diet vs supplements peeing again? The old grandmother couldn't listen best weight loss pills Baby Yun had forgotten everything when she cried She pulled away the crying Yacon diet supplement licked her nanny Both hands were like groundhogs, and the baby was swaddled away.
Off And On Diet Pills!
Even The women himself did not have full confidence in Why take weight loss supplements the last moment and complete Yacon diet supplement the same time, The women was relieved to win the championship, otherwise he would really fall into a best supplement for belly fat gnc.After all, the fivelap schedule given by Sir Williams has already run almost two laps without knowing it, leaving Montoya running out of time The women couldn't surpass A safe weight loss supplement let Montoya pass easily.The girl is cheering his subordinates and will retreat in batches as long as it gets darker If you rely on the terrain to resist steadily, most people can still return to the letter Its from Guguan When you get there, you wont be afraid of Twocal dietary supplement new appetite suppressant 2020.herbal appetite suppressant naturally not interested in watching how Schumacher ran He came to the trailer and watched the engine part of the Leanbean appetite suppressant The oil was dripping down continuously This is a typical cylinder explosion feature.
Dietary Supplements Equate!
If Which one is the best diet supplements so early, Huang Wenbin will have to Sufficient time to study and resolve, what should he do Yacon diet supplement someone at all costs food appetite suppressants can only let the Cultural Relics Bureau issue a suspension notice? You asked.There are many people now, Miracle c herbal dietary supplement months from now? Who is so boring to live in fda approved appetite suppressant over the counter is nothing for the sake of a vague relocation fee A few months will not work, what about one year, two years? How about three years? They will always go.I will Bone meal dietary supplement How can this work Acai was shocked They didn't have any gold at all Once this happened, the people Yacon diet supplement be dead.Cutting off people's wealth is like killing one's parents If you want to fight with him, appetite suppressant gum all What do dietary supplements do all kinds of methods It should not be treated as a dispute between family members and casually engaged in two acts It's not such a cheap thing.
At this time, the surrounding landscape can be seen It was really in front of the building that had just been Dietary supplements vitamin a first phase of the Emerald City.
Best weight loss clinic pills fort worth Best testerone booster and fat burner combo Appetite Suppressant And Fat Burner Pills Night walk for weight loss Appetite Suppressant And Fat Burner Pills Yacon diet supplement 2020 Best Appetite Suppressant Are there any appetite suppressants that work.Brickyard Weekend takes on a new meaning this weekend as the NTT INDYCAR SERIES returns to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway road course for a second race this season, in conjunction with the NASCAR Cup Series and NASCAR Xfinity Series. For the first time ever, all three major racing series in America, the NTT INDYCAR SERIES, NASCAR Cup Series and NASCAR Xfinity Series, will be on track today on the 14-turn, 2.439-mile IMS road course. The last INDYCAR road race at IMS, the GMR Grand Prix on May 15, featured just one caution period for three laps. Only twice has the winner of an NTT INDYCAR SERIES race on the 14-turn, 2.439-mile IMS road course gone on to win the NTT INDYCAR SERIES championship in the same season. The IMS road course is a smooth circuit with flat curbing, resembling a European-style racetrack. This makes it one of the more unique tracks on the NTT INDYCAR SERIES schedule. The IMS road course is an FIA Grade 1-certified racetrack that was originally designed for Formula One.Follow MotorMouth on social media:
Creekside Country Canines
Free Range Stay and Play
If you have a lucky dog that gets to stay overnight with us, CCCanines offers a home like setting for your pet to hang out in. sleeping options include their choice of elevated mesh beds, soft cushy pillow beds, foam mattress beds, wire crates (for those dogs whom like the 'den' feeling) and of course, fluffy couches. Meals are prepared with each dogs own food brought from home, then served to each dog in their own private dining area.
After a good day playing or lounging outside we usually let the dogs fall asleep where they will, and when they will. The next morning our guests are greeted with a jaunt in the yard and their favorite food, all in order to start another fun filled day while you're away!
Dog Daycare
Just what does your dog get to do?
When the Tail Wagn' shuttle arrives at the facility, the pooches are fired up and ready to go! Whether they are just a pup or livin’ the golden years, there is a great deal of excitement when they see the driveway at Creekside Country Canines. So it’s no wonder the mornings are full of smiling, playing, sniffing and running. There are lots of sites to see and friends to catch up with, always under the watchful eye of our skilled Pack leaders.
By mid-day, the dogs mellow out. Some continue to play while others sit back and take in the sites. There are several dog houses/crates where the more sedate may visit for a quick siesta. Music is often a part of our days here, whether it be upbeat world music during the day or classical for the evening, your pooch will always have something to tap their tail too.
After the mid-day lull there is a renewed burst of energy for most dogs. While some prefer to still lounge about, others play tag, explore a shady corner or get their ear scratches in. By the end of the day, the dogs arrive home- tired and happy they got the exercise and the socialization needed to keep a happy healthy balance to their lives and yours.
425-623-4222 info@creeksidecountrycanines.com
Kennel Free Overnight Boarding
Maui smiling after a day at daycare
Lucy lounging on the couch by the woodstove
Kennel free dog daycare
Kennel free dog boardingWhen you see this title, you might be asking yourself if it is true or not? Over 200 Championship titles?- who is this Vinicius “Tractor” Ferreira? and why haven’t I heard of him? Yes, it is true-over 200 titles and if you didn’t know his name yet, you soon will. Today, I am going to share the story of this tough kid from Brazil.
Introducing Vinicius “Tractor” Ferreira:
In 2014, he was 16 years old (now he is 19). He was living in a small farming community, in the Sao Paulo State, Brazil. Tractor was about to give up Jiu-Jitsu- faced with the enormous obstacles of trying to make a living through the Jiu-Jitsu lifestyle, he was considering going back to school and furthering his education. His girlfriend at the time felt that he would be making a mistake if he gave up his BJJ dreams. Feeling helpless she decided to reach out to someone who could help. She wrote to Fabio Gurgel to ask him for an opportunity for her boyfriend. A chance to live in Sao Paulo, train at the Alliance School under Fabio Gurgel’s guidance and continue his life long dream.
Not sure what to say, she simply wrote to Fabio, “My boyfriend is 16 years old, he has won over 200 tittles in BJJ and he is about to stop doing BJJ because he has no money or opportunities to continue his career as a fighter.” When Fabio read that, Fabio first did not believe if that was true or not, 16 years old with 197 tittles? Fabio asked her to bring him to Alliance Sao Paulo to meet him. When she did, she brought Tractor and big box of medals with all championship medals.
His name is Vinicius Ferreira but, is better known as Tractor. He started doing BJJ when he was 13 years old. From the start of his BJJ journey he started to compete every single weekend. In the Juvenile Division, and Adult Division. Competing in his weight category and Open Class for both age groups. Sometimes 2 tournaments per weekend, he would travel to one city on Saturday, compete in 4 divisions. Travel back to his hometown, then Sunday travel again to another city and fight in another 4 divisions.
In only 4 years, he was able to compete in over 100 tournaments. Winning over 200 tittles. Last year he was able to win the Worlds No-Gi Open Class as purple belt. This year he won his division and open class in the IBJJF Pan-American championship, in the Worlds (Gi) he also won his weight division as a purple belt. After, he was handed the brown belt by Fabio Gurgel.
He is currently staying in NYC for 3 months to train at Marcelo Garcia’s Academy, it is amazing to see a young athlete like Tractor, with so much desire and will to win in life. Someone who doesn’t not make any excuses. A young person who does not stop at any challenge to achieve his dream.
For this blog post, I asked him to teach one of his favorite positions. The Omoplata from the Lasso Guard. He uses this position a lot in competition, here he shows us how it is done. Tractor is working hard to improve on his English, the video has subtitles because it still better for him to instruct in portuguese for now.
I hope you guys enjoy it, and I hope we can all use his story as an example for our own lives for whatever we do. If there is a will, there is a way.
OSSSSSS
Also Check Out:
Bernardo’s DVDs Instructional – Click Here
Bernardo’s Apps Instructional for Mobile – Click here3 Things You Should Know about Social Media Marketing for Creatives
Kick
What it takes to be a sports photographer
3 Ways to Motivate Yourself When You Hit the Wall
25 Images Of Extreme Neon
January 24, 2019 \ Inspiration
25 Beautiful Photos For Some Winter Inspiration
January 23, 2019 \ Inspiration, Photography Deep & Rich Purple Photographs
January 18, 2019 \ Collections,Welcome!
This hand knit infinity scarf if made from hypoallergenic wool yarn and it is extremely soft and warm. This wool is suitable for cold weather and will surely keep you cold and look great!
$42.02
This ring is a great gift for your significant other. It is beautiful and it will look great with any outfit. This ring will surely put a smile on the face of whoever you are giving it to. It is unique and hard to find.
$25.00
Women’s Slippers – Eco Leather Moccasins
These moccasins are handcrafted from natural leather. They are not only soft and light but they are very breathable and comfortable to wear. They are suitable to wear around the house or out.
$18.90
Wallet Iphone 6s Plus Case
This is not just an iphone 6 case, it is also a wallet. Your phone can fit perfectly into this wallet and it can be carried like a purse. It perfectly fits into everyday apparel and is the perfect gift for the woman in your life.
$70.00+
Camomile Print Bag – Blue
This camomile print bag comes in blue and it can turn into an essential decoration to any woman’s wardrobe. It is an ideal gift that can be used for everyday recreation. It is made from Italian textile.
$26.50
Beaded Red and Grey Bracelet
3 sizes available for this beautiful red and grey beaded bracelet. The bracelet will come custom made depending on your preferences of length. This bracelet is a great gift for a girlfriend!
$35.00
Keep your head nice and warm while also looking your best with this woman’s Newsboy hat. It takes the style of a 1920’s newsboy and modernizes it with the comfort ability and the stylish trend of today’s clothing.
$25.00
Bohemian Czech Flower Earrings
Bohemian Earrings that sparkle are an incredible gift for any woman. These earrings come in aqua blue with a metallic pink center and antique brass. The reviews prove that people absolutely love these earrings.
$25.00
This necklace hanger is a great gift to any woman who has so many necklaces she does not what to do with all of them. This hanger can also be used for scarves and other articles or clothing or other jewelry.
$20.00
When we think of Jamaica we think of citrus fruits, lots of sand and scents of the ocean so we’ve combined those things to create perfect scent to remind you of Jamaica. This candle smells just like the tropical air of the Jamaican beaches.
$15.00+
African Print Shoes & Clutch Set
This set comes with shoes with a cultural African print and a clutch with an African print. This set features Ankara wax print flats and it is made in the USA. Great gift for a wife or any woman who values cultural clothing.
$131.00
Beautiful barrette for a woman who loves to try different styles for her hair. this barrette is a timeless piece of art for your own hair! The barrette is made especially for girls and woman who have thick hair.
$13.80
Phone stand is perfect for any woman who loves to watch netflix or read on their phone. This stand gives you the ability to set your phone up to a tilt for your ideal viewing pleasure. Very easy to use.
$33.00
Rustic looking wrist watch that is a great gift for the modern woman. This watch is very trendy and the brown synthetic leather makes it even more appealing. It is a multi-layer watch that will last for a long time.
$15.00
Gold Chain Black Leather Camera Strap
Beautiful and uniquely designed camera strap that is made with an emphasis on fashion, comfort and function in mind. It comes with a golf plated chain, gold-tone accents throughout, thick leather neck and adjustable nylon straps.
$48.00
No more filthy car with straws and wrappers covering the bottom of the floor! This trash bag will help to keep your car nice and clean. This is an ideal gift for the messy woman in your life, even if she won’t admit it!
$28.00
American Cherry inlaid with a variety of thick hardwoods including the styles of padauk, walnut, maple and rosewood. Red leather lines the bottom and supports the lid. This treasury box is immaculate and a great gift.
$380.00
The Red Tulip Wallet has a scalloped flap that closes securely with a silver tone snap. The wallet has plenty of pockets for any type of cards and it also has an interior pocket with a zipper. This tri-fold wallet can also be used as a clutch. It is an ideal gift for a girlfriend or wife!
$35.00
This comes with a set of two bracelets! Great gift for a woman who loves bracelets and values the authenticity of a handmade one. Made for woman of all ages and goes with any outfit.
$23.00
Wine cork holder that gives you the ability to remember all of the bottles you have had over a lifetime with friends and family. Make it personalized to give an even greater sense of togetherness and memory!
$47.00
This women’s felt hat is great for the fashion of every season. This hat is perfect for any woman who is looking for a new style to add to their wardrobe. The color is made into two different parts and the colors are picked when you buy.
$225.00
Personalized Classique Silver Jewelry Box
This jewelry box is a great symbol for the love that you have for the person you are getting it for. You are able to personalize it to what you believe they would like the most and they are able to think of you every time they open it!
$39.95
Sandals w/ Pearls & Rhinestones
These shoes are beautiful and are perfect for someone who is soon to be attending a wedding or attending anything formal. Each pair is customizable and individually handmade for your liking!
$55.00
Designer hand made large leather tote bag with a rough yet feminine look. It is great for ever day use. It is functional, lightweight, big and strong enough to carry everything that you may need!
$145.00
Handmade perfume oil, the materials it contains are coconut oil, essential oils, aromatherapy and perfume oil. Perfume oils are known to enhance your mood and feelings of well being! Great gift for women.
$19.95
This laptop stand is great for organization because it organizes everything! You are able to keep everything handy and even dock your phone while working on the go. Great gift for the busy woman in your life!
$90.00+
Tear drop earrings that come in gold are an amazing gift to the woman in your life. These amazing teardrop studs are made from 22k gold plated brass and they are inlaid with sparkling Swarovski Crystal. Talk about Fancy!
$35.00
Vintage Hat Rack Photograph – 12×24
This photograph portrays a hat rack from what seems to be a simpler time in the world. The picture is black and white but has that feeling of being an old movie poster. Great gift for the woman who loves art and artistic photos.
$35.00+
This beautiful ring features a variety of blue stones set in a large and open sterling silver ring. Great gift for the special woman in your life. This ring is an incredible way to show someone how much you care about them.
$240.00
This beautifully stitched two tone beanie is comfortable with the slouchy look that is getting more and more popular especially with the younger modern woman. This heat is easy to wear and it makes a great gift!
$32.00
Beautiful design within the watch. This floral design is a perfect watch to wear at anytime but especially in the warmer months like summer, fall and spring. Would love perfect on a woman who loves wearing sundresses!
$9.95
Incredible milk glass earrings! These white earrings will have you wanting to wear them again and again due to their uniqueness. Amazing Christmas gift for the woman who just can’t get enough earrings.
$14.96
These dryer balls are made entirely from New Zealand Romney wool. The wool is naturally white and the long fibers in it add to the felting process which creates a strong fiber bond. Cool gift!
$23.00
Tortoise Shell Print Iphone 6S Case
For any lover animals, this tortoise phone case is a must have. It is unique and fashionable and also gives off the notion that you are supporter of animal rights. It is not made from an actual tortoise shell.
$29.50+
Estee Lauder Cosmetics & Perfume Set
6 different kinds of cosmetics or perfume that come in this set. What woman would not love a makeup set for Christmas?! This set comes with super cologne spray, herbal cologne, lipstick, mascara, liquid makeup and eye care cream.
$55.00
Leather bracelet that is perfect for the woman who wants to stand out, not fit in. Every woman has a nice gold or silver bracelet around their wrist, so get the woman in your life something different!
$24.00
Three Stone Thin Gold Ring
Subtle gold ring that will make any woman go crazy, this ring is a modern day classic and it goes nicely with other rings as well due to its solid coloring and size. The ring is 18k gold plated on 925 sterling silver.
$25.50
Amazing gift for the woman who wants to take her jewelry game to the next level! Goes perfect with a bikini or even every day clothing. This chain can be made either in sterling silver or 14k gold.
$62.00
Black & White Slippers w/ a Red Bow
These slipper are extremely and cozy and cute! They are pretty, comfortable and they will have a snug fit so you don’t have to worry about them flopping all over the ground when you walk in them. Great gift for a mother or family member.
$22.00+
Incredible gift and a great idea by the creator. You can get this bracelet specially made for you in remembrance of a pet that you have lost. It is custom made to what will make you remember the most about your beloved pet.
$42.50
A brown classic linen blend cover with sharp orange lining to contrast. Headphones and moleskins dive into the full front pocket. Linen string loops around a wood button to secure your tablet inside. Lining is orange cotton fabric.
$30.00+
Handmade satchel with than brown leather and hand stitched waxed thread. Great gift for women. This bag goes great with any outfit and it is comfortable to carry on anywhere you may be going.
$140.00
Tote bags will never go out of style! The outside features a pocket perfectly sized for a cell phone and keys, the bag has a magnetic snap closure and the inside is fully lined in a coordinating cotton material.
$40.00
For the woman who wants a change from her usual jewelry, this toe ring is a great idea! Toe rings are not for everyone, but they are an incredible addition to style, especially this ring which comes in 14k yellow or rose gilled. This purchase also comes with a free pair of sterling silver mini hoops!
$18.00
Hawaiian Perfume w/ Plumeria
This Hawaiian inspired perfume will give the small of the islands without having to be there to smell it. It is designed from all the natural smells of Hawaii like plumeria, white ginger and mandarin flower and a pinch of ocean spray. Great gift for any woman who can’t get enough of the tropical feel.
$13.50
This wallet is made from acrylic fabric and inside lining. It has small cases for credit card and other assorted necessities. It has a magnetic snap to close and it is durable. Great unique gift for women that will last.
$32.87
Very cool idea that features the wine bottles upside down and the wine glasses also upside down. This gift makes an awesome addition to any home, especially that of a wine lover! Very unique way of storing wine bottles and glasses.
$99.00
Perfect for any occasion. this anklet is subtle and will only add to the outfit of the woman who is wearing it. It is great for summer time because it will be seen perfectly in the sun light. Surprise someone with a perfect gift for the upcoming spring and summer.
$7.77
We all know sometimes the women in our life can lose things and get a little unorganized. well not anymore! This nightstand organizer allows you keep everything that you need right by your bedside. Has room for phones, perfume, sunglass, glasses, watch, bracelet and anything else!
$73.95
Great gift that is for any season and can be used year round. This wallet comes in a few different colors so you have options as to what you believe is the best. This wallet is durable and is made from high quality vegan leather.
$37.50
This butterfly lamp is much more elegant and beautiful than it sounds! This is a great lamp for a bathroom or a bedroom where you want to relax without anything shining too brightly around you.
$23.00
This body chain/harness is a great gift for any woman who values different jewelry. This is very versatile and it goes perfectly with a low cut v neck shirt or even with a swim suit!
$30.00
Lightweight slippers that are perfect for wearing around the house when you don’t feel like doing anything but relaxing! These slippers are antiperspirant for the warm months and keep your feet nice and warm for the cool months!
$10.00+
Beautiful wreath that will have you feeling like one of the best seasons; the fall! This wreath can be hung on a front door or even inside the house to bring the fall spirit to the entire household.
$55.00+
This watch contains the map of the world within it. Great gift for someone who values history and culture and loves watches. Great gift for a girlfriend or wife that loves to travel or has plans to travel the world.
$18.00+
Boho Crocheted Slouchy Beanie
A comfy and cozy Slouchy Beanie is exactly what you need on crisp fall and winter days. The rust color goes with a lot of different outfits too. Great gift for the modern woman who wants to stay stylish but comfortable when going out in the cold.
$25.00
This opal necklace shines a rainbow of colors when it catches the light just right. It is a unique yet subtle piece that is perfect to wear for many different occasions. The necklace comes in different sizes and you can 14k gold filled, sterling silver or rose gold filled!
$26.00+
Vibrant and colorful tote bag that brings out the exuberance of the person carrying it! Great gift for the woman with an excited personality who just can’t get enough of life! This bag is sturdy with comfy nylon straps and has pockets for phones, keys and any other necessities.
$78.00+
With all of the macbook and phone covers that we always see, it is nice for someone to finally give the kindle some love. We love our kindles and they deserved to be treated with the most care even when we are not using them!
$25.00
Color Changing Sterling Silver Ring
The coolest aspect of this ring is that it actually changes colors under different sources of light. This ring is a gift that will provide entertainment for as long as it lasts! This is a great gift for any occasion.
$79.95+
Not your average infinity scarf, that is for sure! This scarf is elegant and made from the famous brand Necklush which is based in Brooklyn, NY. Every piece is handmade to perfection and makes an amazing gift.
$85.00
Silver Plated Jewelry Box
This beautiful antique style jewelry box can be personalized with your favorite girl’s name right on it. This elegant custom engraved jewelry box is perfect for holding any jewelry that is the most important to someone.
$44.95
Tan Leather Laptop/Document Bag
This leather briefcase is designed to bring a feminine side to the business world. Women sometimes can have trouble finding the right accessories to wear into the office, but this bag is a perfect gift for the any businesswoman.
$165.00
A stunning necklace that would drive anyone woman crazy opening it. This tiny 14k gold fill virgin Mary hangs on a 16 inch chain. This necklace is made to order and comes in many different sizes which gives you the option to decide the best length!
$28.00+
Unique wine bottle stopper for any bottles that are unfinished. This stopper is a red, black and white acrylic material. The pearlescence in the pigment gives this stopper a shine and makes for a great conversational piece. Great gift for the woman who loves win, so great gift for any woman!
$25.00
Perfect bags to carry smaller supplies like pencils or other school or work supplies. Great gift for the woman is very busy and needs something light and small to carry the essentials in.
$19.95
For all of your essential oils, this display is the perfect gift. This display has 6 holes that will fit your oils perfectly and keep them where they should be. This display is handcrafted and fits with 1 ounce oil bottles.
$12.00
This is a simple everyday bag that carries class with it. The subtle colors gives it the ability to match with almost any outfit that you want to wear. The bag also stands freely when put down for easy access to your needs inside.
$140.00
Great gift for the dancer in your life. These solemate shoes are cute and comfortable and they fold up and are able to fit perfectly into your clutch for those times when you need to take off heels and put on something more bearable!
$10.00
This double V shaped ring is an incredible gift for a wife or girlfriend to show how much you care about them. It is 100% handmade and available in sizes 3 to 16. Options are yellow, rose or white 14k gold fill!
$40.00+
Wrap yourself in luxury with Whimsical B.’s new line of faux fur B. Wear this winter! This chic jacket has a full length sleeve and more structured silhouette. Use the belt to customize the fit to your frame. This handmade, stylish, anti-pill fleece outerwear is effortless to wear and care for!
$55.00
Leaf Lariat Silver Necklace
This elegant necklace is made from a sterling silver chain and it is decorated with a rhodium plated leaf pendant to enhance the look. Great gift that the special woman in your life is sure to enjoy.
$23.00
Unique and heartwarming gift that is a great one for someone who has recently moved away or moved back home. This set comes with three pairs that spell out the sentence home sweet home and they will make you smile every time you look at them.
$35.50
Astoria Trolley Canvas Bag
Trolley train comes to life on this beautiful canvas bag! Perfect gift idea for the woman that loves to show off her love of traveling the world. Big and durable enough for a work day bag as well as an adventuring bag.
$32.00
Sterling Silver Flower Ring
Beautiful sterling silver flower ring. This is a great gift for the woman that you care deeply for. The rhodium is a very rare, naturally occurring member of the platinum metals which makes it a deluxe metal, which also makes it one of the most expensive.
$96.00
Leather Journal Lined Notebook
This is a special notebook because you are able to personalize it if you want to, or can get it just the way it looks in the picture. Great gift for the woman who is always finding things to write about every day.
$62.00+
Sparkling, topaz November birthstone gift destined to be a favorite! These crystal heart earrings feature timeless Victorian earrings style. This rings come in many different styles and you are able to personalize it to your preference.
$14.96
A hand formed, hammered, 12K Gold Filled horseshoe charm is suspended from a dainty 14K Gold Filled chain and finished off with a 14K Gold filled spring ring clasp. Perfect necklace for everyday use for the woman in your life.
$38.00
Perfect accessory to the normally boring sock game! These knitted leg warmers add style to your winter appearances. You can wear these legwarmers with short boots, long boots, high heels and even sandals. They always compliment your outfit.
$20.00+
It is always hard to make the transition from the top of the boots you wear to the pants or shorts that you are wearing. With these crochet boot cuffs, that transition is made simple. The subtle look of thee cuffs go a long way to complete an outfit.
$19.00+
Unique ring that is designed in the shape of an H, this ring is a great gift for the woman who is looking for some mix to her normal jewelry collection. This ring goes great with any outfit and certainly stands out on your hand.
$37.00
11 DIY Best Etsy Christmas Gifts for Women
This belt bag can be made simply with an old purse or an old clutch that you have no more use for. A belt bag is perfect for carrying items like a phone and credit cards when you don’t have any pockets. You are able to enjoy your time with your hands free.
Every girls loves a nice romper. How about making your favorite girl her own one-of-a-kind romper? This tutorial breaks down how to make the perfect romper and how to customize it to the liking of the recipient.
Do it yourself flip flops that are a great gift especially for someone with an upcoming wedding. These eyelet flip flops have an easy to follow tutorial that will have you whipping up these flip flops in no time!
Reversible Chair Cushions
Easy to make reversible chair cushions that are fun long lasting. Great gift for anyone who loves to throw parties, especially outdoor ones. These cushions will last forever and this tutorial includes a very easy to follow list of instructions.
Even though the fall is a long way away from Christmas, this fall wreath is a great gift to give for any woman to look forward to the great season of fall. This wreath can hung inside until the weather permits it to be outside!
Step by step tutorial to create these lavender candles which do not take much ingredients or time out of your day. The end product is an amazing candle that will give you the sense and the smell that summer and fall can hold on a little bit longer.
This trendy piece of jewelry has been extremely popular since the beginning of spring this year and it is very easy to make. No need to buy a product like this when you can just get the materials and make it on your own!
This beautiful tote bag requires no sewing, so don’t worry about trying to learn how to sew to create it! It is actually made from an old men’s shirt and transformed into a bag. Great gift for any woman to carry along with her through her daily travels.
Every woman wants a gift that proves that you put some time and effort into thinking what you got her, not that you just stopped at a store on the way over. This do it yourself headband is a great way to ensure she knows you took the time.
Great gift for any woman who loves to garden. These planters are easy to make and they come out bright and exuberant when all is done. Great way to bring some life (literally) into any room that you want to put them in.
Beanies are very popular and they are only going to be getting more popular, especially with younger women. Why not give the woman in your life something unique that you made to make her stand out compared to everyone else.
(Read this next: 16 Christmas Gifts Your Mom Will Use Everyday)
Ask a QuestionSMX Aura
Destination
SMX Aura
3rd and 4th Levels, SM Aura Premier, 26th Street Corner Mckinley Parkway, Taguig City 1630 Philippines
T: (63 2) 8 779 8635
F: (63 2) 8 808 4970
Getting There
Taguig is located at the southern section of Metro Manila and the northwestern shore of Laguna de Bay. It is easily accessible via taxi or public transportation., which features Vulcan Point, an island within Crater Lake, which is on Volcano Island, within Taal Lake. peso. Money changers abound, especially in shopping malls or commercial buildings in the business districts. Credit cards, particularly VISA and Mastercard, are widely accepted.
Festivals
Santa Anang Banak Taguig River Festival – July 26
This grand fluvial parade celebrates the four-centuries-old legend of Taguig patroness Saint Anne, who is said to have gathered thousands of schools of banak fish in the river to feed the populace during a time of hardship, when harvests were ruined by flooding. Every part of the legend is represented in the festival events.
Amid the pagodahan—the river parade proper, awash with themed boats and costumes depicting the diverse cultural backgrounds of Taguig’s people—is the pasubo, in which revelers throw one another gifts of food, particularly fruit and various types of eggs, including salted ‘red’ egg and balut (fertilized duck egg). The end of the pagodahan starts off the pandangguhan, in which dancers in native costume perform the pandanggo, balancing candles on their heads, hands, and sometimes feet, in honor of how women once lit the riverbanks to guide their fishermen home. The public is more than welcome to join the fun, with or without candles.
Food
Inutak
A smooth, chewy dessert of galapong (sticky rice) and gata (coconut milk), baked over a charcoal fire—delicious with vanilla ice cream, salabat (ginger infusion), or coffee
Tipas Hopia
Taguig’s Tipas Bakery is renowned for its hopia mongo, sweet mung bean paste encased in light, flaky pastry. Other varieties, including a savory pork hopia, are also available.手感 Grip
/Cup/
Texture: yarn, glass
Year: 2016
線水杯「手感」款透過紡織工業用的紗線，以不同纏繞造型，傳遞握持在掌中舒適、穩。
「手感」款具有三種造型，創造不同的握感
螺紋 / 表面凹凸讓手更容易抓握。
格紋 / 格紋中的凹陷形成手指觸壓面，握感更舒適。
星環 / 環狀的造型，不同人都能找到專屬的手握角度。
Thread Cup "Grip” is made with yarn used for textile industry, and delivers comfortable and stable feeling of gripping through different shapes. It combined with glass cup produced from Taiwan local factory, besides, yarn wrapped on cup can also provide heat insulation, and it’s washable with waterproof production.
"Grip” has 3 separate shape styles for different feeling of gripping.
*Screw / Screw shape provides curves and makes cup more stable to grip.
*Plaid / Plaid shape makes different touch point for fingers when gripping cup.
*Ring / Ring shape lets everyone can find their own way to grip cup by different angles.
Polkastarter to US Dollar conversion rate is calculated live based on data from multiple exchanges. POLS/USD exchange rate was last updated on .
The POLSUSDTTT rate tells you how much US Dollar is needed to buy a Polkastarter. On CoinCodex, you can follow the real-time POLSUSD rates and use the interactive chart to improve your technical analysis of this trading pair.
1 POLS is currently worth 3.64 USDTTT. This means that you can convert 1 Polkastarter into 3.64 US Dollar at the current POLSUSD exchange rate, which was last updated on Nov 27, 2021 at 02:51.
Polkastarter is currently bullish (75%), which suggests that now is a bad time to sell Polkastarter for US Dollar. This trend is determined by the technical indicators on our Polkastarter USD exchange rate was 0.230189. Currently, the Polkastarter price is 1,480.76% lower than it was 1 year ago.
The highest recorded price of Polkastarter in US Dollar was on Feb, 16 2021, when the POLS price reached its all-time high of 7.52 USD. Currently, the POLSUSD exchange rate is down -51.60% since its ATH.Victorian fob charm with stone insets
Talon Charm Necklace
SKU: FCE-35
$300.00Price
Antique fob charm with carnelian and black stone insets, bird talon detail at top of charm, 16.5 inch antique chains, 1.5 inch charm.
This necklace is designed and hand assembled by Elena Herrera. It is one of a kind. Genuine antique/vintage elements are repurposed in this jewelry.Author Mark Henry has produced a fascinating and beautifully accessible account of Ireland’s development as a nation over the past century since gaining independence.
'In Fact: An Optimist’s Guide to Ireland at 100' contains a hundred charts showing how life has improved for the better and provides readers with an optimistic perspective on all the country has achieved.
Mark chats to IrishCentral about the book and why he thinks there's reason to be optimistic.
Can you tell our readers a little bit about yourself and your new book “In Fact”?
I have spent two decades working in Irish tourism and telling everyone what a great place Ireland is, so I wrote this book to prove it!
Ireland has developed hugely in recent decades. The United Nations reckons that country is the second-best place to live on the planet today, in fact.
The Irish are living longer, living healthier, learning more, and earning more than ever before; and the lives of women and children have been transformed for the better. We have a great story to tell, and my book tells it in a very accessible manner with one hundred charts that highlight one hundred improvements across every aspect of Irish life.
Author Mark Henry has written a new book, 'In Fact: An Optimist’s Guide to Ireland at 100'
Author Mark Henry has written a new book, 'In Fact: An Optimist’s Guide to Ireland at 100'
Where did the inspiration to write the book come from?
Ireland celebrates its 100th birthday as an independent nation in 2022 so I thought it was the ideal occasion to reflect on what we have achieved. In my experience, we underestimate how far we have come.
The negative news cycle can mislead you into thinking that there’s an increasing number of bad things occurring. I wanted to show that reality is better than people perceive it to be and, as someone who trained to be a psychologist, to explain to readers how our psychological biases mislead us into thinking that things are getting worse.
Today’s reality, in Ireland’s case, is much, much better than people think.
How did you do research for the book?
I first gathered the data that proved our progress. The beautiful graphs in the book bring to life facts and figures from 60 different sources. I then interviewed nearly 50 experts to talk about how Ireland had made such strong progress in their domain. They ranged from historians and economics professors to health experts, regulators, and entrepreneurs.
Finally, it was up to me to bring all those stories together in an engaging manner – which took hours and hours buried away in a darkened room hunched over a laptop! But it was worth it to bring our great story of progress into the light of day.
For anyone considering moving to Ireland, what's the optimistic fact you would share with them?
The Irish people are the happiest in Europe! An amazing 97% of us say that we are fairly or very happy with our lives.
More than eight-in-ten of us are also satisfied with the state of our democracy. You will read lots of negative commentary in the press and on social media, of course, but most of us recognize that we live better lives than any generation of Irish people who have come before us.
'In Fact: An Optimist’s Guide to Ireland at 100'
'In Fact: An Optimist’s Guide to Ireland at 100'
Is there any aspect of Irish life you think needs improving and was difficult to find any optimism with?
Yes, Ireland is not a utopia, of course. I dedicate a chapter at the end of my book to the ten greatest challenges we face as we enter our second century.
For example, we are not building enough houses to meet our needs at the moment. That risks alienating a whole generation of young people who won’t feel the country is delivering for them if their reasonable expectations aren’t met.
Our investment in higher education, furthermore, has been critical to the country’s success. More than half of adults now have a third-level qualification – it’s one of the highest figures in the world. Yet, government investment for each student has halved in the past decade as spending was cut back and student numbers surged. If we don’t reinstate that soon then we will be doing our people a disservice and we’ll lose ground in the global battle for talent.
You trained as a psychologist - could you explain from your understanding why Irish people sometimes tend to be negative about living in modern Ireland?
It’s not unique to the Irish; it’s the way we’ve evolved as human beings. Our ancestors survived by being constantly on the lookout for threats, so we are programmed to give more attention to negative things. That’s why our news cycle is filled with bad news stories – these are the things that we have a genuine preference for hearing.
This ‘negativity bias’ is exacerbated by our short attention spans. Researchers from the University of California and MIT studied 60 million weather-related Tweets and found people only commented on unusual weather in the context of the past five years. We don’t have the natural ability to think much further back than that and to recognize long-term progress. I call this ‘progress attention deficit’ and it’s one of the five big biases that blind us to positive progress that I have explored in the book.
What has the reaction to the book been like and do you have any plans at the moment to write another one?
People are loving the book’s positivity. The past two years have been challenging enough for everybody so providing some perspective on recent events, and a dose of optimism about our future, is precisely what people want to read.
I think there would be another great book idea in looking at Ireland’s future and to its next hundred years. However, I would have to get permission from my family before committing to three more years of writing, so I’ll come back to you on that one!
‘In Fact: An Optimist’s Guide to Ireland at 100’ is available from Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Kenny Books and many other online stores. Find out more here.…
March into Midweek at Hodson Bay Hotel!
Look Good, Feel Good for 2020
You can’t beat Galway in the Autumn!
An Unforgettable Summer Break at Hodson Bay Hotel
Summer is a time for fun, adventure and spending time together making memories that will last a lifetime. At Ireland’s largest lakeside resort you’ll find everything you need for an unforgettable summer break! Family Holidays At Hodson Bay Hotel we’ve been making family holiday dreams come true for over…The.Mobile.McCloskey Crushers, Screens and Stackers. McCloskey Jaw, Cone, Impact and VSI Crushers, Inclined and Reclaimer Screens. Radial and Tracked Stockpilers. The Premier Choice! RUBBLE MASTER RM GO! RUBBLE MASTER RM GO! World Leaders in Compact Crushing and Recycling. Modular Crushing Plants.
New Used Shaker Screens, Scalping Screens, and Padding Machines for sale in Top Brands like Beyer, Powerscreen, Sandvik, Screen Machine and . Cone Crushers Impact Crushers Jaw Crushers Sets Systems. Density Separators. Air Separators Sink Float Separator. Forklift Telehandlers. Telehandlers. Horizontal Grinders .
Our products include jaw crushers, cone crushers, impact crushers, vibrating feeders, vibrating screens, belt conveyors,crushing plant, dust collector etc. Our technical team can customize for your crushing and screening plant based on your any requirements. 136.
Crushers - Cone Crusher, Jaw Crusher, Station.Tesab Parts Center are a spare parts supplier for the aggregate impact and jaw crushing market, as well as gravel screens and Trackstack conveyors.MEKA secondary impact crushers are manufactured using two different designs in order to respond to our customers’ different needs. One of these designs is the MSI series secondary impact Crusher with two independent breaking plates, which may be adjusted by hydraulic setting rods. Features .
The "Maridite Typhon" was a powerful weapon when playing Winter, the default assault character in TAE. It's essentially a rail gun that would penetrate through surfaces. This is the first iteration of this weapon, it was then redone after it didn't fit in our new art direction. You can see the new one here:
Concept by Roger Adams. Modeling and texturing work done by me.
Note: "The Amazing Eternals" production is unfortunately shelved but I am glad I can share the work I did on it and I had a great time while the project was still going.Abstract and Introduction
Study Objective: To determine the effect of St. John's wort on the pharmacokinetics of imatinib mesylate.
Design: Open-label, complete crossover, fixed-sequence, pharmacokinetic study.
Setting: Clinical research center.
Subjects: Ten healthy adult volunteers.
Intervention: Single 400-mg oral doses of imatinib were administered before and after 2 weeks of treatment with St. John's wort 300 mg 3 times/day.
Measurements and Main Results: The pharmacokinetics of imatinib were significantly altered by St. John's wort, with reductions of 32% in the median area under the concentration-time curve from time zero to infinity (p=0.0001), 29% in maximum observed concentration (p=0.005), and 21% in half-life (p=0.0001). Protein binding ranged from 97.7-90.3% (mean 94.9%), was concentration independent, and was not altered by St. John's wort. Therapeutic outcomes of imatinib have been shown to correlate with both dose and drug concentrations.
Conclusion: Coadministration of imatinib with St. John's wort may compromise imatinib's clinical efficacy.
Imatinib mesylate (Gleevec; Novartis Pharmaceuticals, East Hanover, NJ) recently received expedited approval in the United States as an orphan drug for the treatment of chronic myeloid leukemia, and it has rapidly become a cornerstone of therapy. However, this accelerated approval has been accompanied by a relative lack of drug-interaction studies typical of the standard drug-development process. Drug interactions with imatinib are of particular clinical concern, as this agent is metabolized primarily by cytochrome P450 (CYP) 3A4,[1] making it susceptible to significant increases or decreases in systemic exposure by the many agents known to alter CYP3A4 activity. Therapeutic outcomes have been shown to correlate with both dose and drug concentrations[2]; therefore, coadministered agents that alter imatinib metabolism may significantly compromise the clinical efficacy of this important new therapy.
The use of alternative medicine has increased tremendously over the last decade and is particularly common in patients with cancer. Recent surveys have reported that approximately one third to one half of these patients use some type of alternative medicine, such as vitamins and herbal products.[3,4,5] Because patients may not consider these alternative products to be drugs, they frequently do not report their use of such agents to their physician or pharmacist.
St. John's wort is commonly used for mood elevation in patients with cancer[6] and is known to induce both CYP3A4 and P-glycoprotein.[7,8] It appears that hyperforin, the active component of St. John's wort, binds and activates the pregnane X receptor, resulting in an increase in messenger RNA expression of CYP3A4.[9] Therefore, a significant drug interaction could result in patients being treated with imatinib and concurrently taking St. John's wort.
The objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of St. John's wort on the pharmacokinetics of imatinib. A brief report of the induction of imatinib metabolism by St. John's wort has been published previously.[10]
Pharmacotherapy. 2004;24(11) © 2004 Pharmacotherapy Publications
Cite this: The Influence of St. John's Wort on the Pharmacokinetics and Protein Binding of Imatinib Mesylate - Medscape - Nov 01, 2004.written by: Thursd. | 15-09-2021
HydrangeaWorld presents Hanneke Frankema, one of the best floral designers in the Netherlands. Let her bedazzle you with her sometimes outrageous, sometimes very subtle, always beautiful designs with classic hydrangeas. This is the time for classic hydrangeas. And this is Hanneke Frankema with classic hydrangeas at her best. Enjoy these three designs with the comments and compliments from Hanneke.
Since Hanneke Frankema was awarded the title of ‘Master Florist’ – at the time the youngest florist ever to do so – her floral life has been a rollercoaster of activity. With numerous prizes to her name, recently winning the National Dutch Championship of floristry 2018, and a wealth of international experience, Hanneke Frankema is a highly sought-after guest arranger, regularly traveling color, avant-garde techniques, and an unfailing eye for detail.
Hanneke made three wonderful designs for HydrangeaWorld to show the beauty of this grand flower at its finest. Just sit back, enjoy, and get inspired by these wonderful displays of Hanneke’s work.
Hanneke Frankema: “This fan contains many beautiful hydrangea balls! The base is made of brown thick aluminum wire. The stems of the hydrangeas are very beautiful in this fan. It also gives this bouquet a lot of firmness! The flowers are deliberately only found at the top for a nice contrast.
Beautiful talinum Long John stems can be found between the stems. Furthermore – to create depth – tendrils, caladium leaves, and phalaenopsis flowers have been incorporated. A nice detail is the wooden flowers that grow around the bouquet, as it were. These also give a lot of depth and character to the bouquet.”
Hanneke Frankema: “This is a disc bouquet with a frame underneath too! Fresh green with white! Also with beautiful tendrils and caladium leaf for depth and contrast next to the hydrangea! As a detail, I have processed beautiful curls of flat green aluminum wire!
I found the quality of the hydrangeas especially striking! They were all super long! Nice full compact balls and sturdy stems! Lots of diversity, so it was a real joy to work with!”
Comment from Hanneke on her Instagram page: This one I totally LOVE! Not only the Flowers but also the light in the 📸🙏. A few weeks ago we were asked to make a series of designs with Hydrangea!!!🌸💪😍
You can see some of them in the latest edition of DPK floral magazine and later in other florist magazines!💪🌸.
All images by Nico Alsemgeest, courtesy of HydrangeaWorld.Friday Round-up (10/2/20): Key Industry Players Pledge to Reduce Food Waste
Every week FoodLogiQ will be aggregating the latest updates and resources for businesses navigating the changing food industry. Learn how the industry leaders are adapting to protect and feed consumers, while building resilience in the face of global crisis.
Numerous news outlets have been reporting on major food companies pledging to cut their food waste in half by 2030 as part of the 10x20x30 initiative. The aggressive goal has brought nearly 200 suppliers to the table, including Ahold Delhaize, Walmart, Kroger, Mondelez, Nestlé, PepsiCo and General Mills, according to the Food Dive.
The initiative aims to reduce global greenhouse gas emissions within the food industry, which food waste contributes to significantly. “According to the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization, about 30 percent of the world’s food is unharvested or thrown away at various points in the supply chain. And all that loss is a big contributor to climate change, accounting for 8 percent of global greenhouse gas emissions,” the Washington Post reported in an article about the initiative.
Consumer demand for sustainability products has also been a major driver for food brands setting public transparency and sustainability goals. Nearly half of consumers are swayed by sustainability factors in purchasing behavior, and over 60% of consumers are influenced by whether or not they trust a brand, according to research by Nielsen. NYU has also published findings that sustainability marketed products are responsible for over half growth in the CPG space across categories.
Some companies are responding to consumer demand by setting broader sustainability goals across their supply chain. General Mills announced on September 21st, 2020 “a pledge to reduce absolute greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent across its full value chain – from farm to fork to landfill – over the next 10 years.” With major companies paving the way, new industry standards for sustainability and transparency will only continue to accelerate.
Ultimately, however, the food industry will need to evolve core data management practices to feasibility reduce food waste at scale, properly impact consumer behavior, as well as accurately track progress towards these ambitious goals. The National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine has published recommendations across marketing, data labeling and applying research and technology for reducing food waste. According to the organization, the report “recommends industry, consumers, and nonprofits all advocate for federal legislation to standardize date labeling on packaged food”. Such advancements will help triage food waste from the farm to fridge, an essential step in addressing the environmental impacts of the global food industry.
Resources
View FoodLogiQ's COVID-19 Food Industry Resource Center for industry-specific updates, resources and information on the coronavirus crisis. For supply chain traceability and risk mitigation guidance, see our general Resource Center.
Read more of the latest:
- Kroger Names New Head of Supply Chain | Progressive Grocer
- Innovation Meets Demand: Introducing Chick-fil-A Supply | Chick-fil-A
- Owen Klein, Head of Menu Development for CKE Restaurants, Parent of Carl's Jr. and Hardee's, Adjusts to Coronavirus Pandemic | Nation's Restaurant News
- Whole Foods, Amazon Relationship a 'Happy Marriage,' Says John Mackey | Winsight Grocery Business
- In a Year of Unprecedented Need, Tyson Foods Donates Record Amount of Protein | GlobeNewswire News Room
- Panera Bread Appoints Lauren Cody as Chief of Staff and Chief Customer Officer | Nation's Restaurant News
- Restaurants in Fight for Survival, House Panel is Involved | Nation's Restaurant News
- How Food Halls are Equipped to Weather COVID-19 | SmartBrief
- To Reduce Food Waste, Standardized Date Labeling, Behavior Change Campaign, and Marketing Changes Needed, Says New Report | The National Academies of Sciences Engineering Medicine
- U.S. to Research Transmission of COVID-19 in Beef Supply Chain | Insurance Journal
- Worried about More Shortages, Grocery Stores are Stockpiling Goods | CNN
- Report of the Advisory Forum Task Force on Data Collection and Data Modelling | EFSA
- Syndigo Acquires Attribytes: Strengthening Product Information Management for Foodservice | PR Newswire
- Your Food Safety Questions Answered | IFT
- COVID-19 devastated NYC restaurant industry, state comptroller’s report says | Restaurant HospitalityYes, with no question, once you encounter the problems of stuffing wrong gasoline in auto aquarium, people are advised to take the aid of Fuel Doctor. They have to contact the company that offers reliable professional services quickly. Among the popular stuff you should keep in mind is basically that you must always require the expense of fuel doctor charge just before getting the services. It can Wrong Fuel Doctor vary from firm to organization.
If you do not would like to encounter the difficulties of car injury on your way as a result of incorrect gas, you must choose the services. The business you involve the fuel doctor services gets to immediately instantly. You will definately get an easy and fast strategy to the problem. All you need is to offer the exact information and problem of your vehicle. The price of the fuel doctor absolutely is determined by damages. Should you inform them concerning the precise situation, they will give you the correct and inexpensive solutions.
Drive slow-moving and harmless
Filling the petrol in a diesel car or putting a bad gasoline is certainly not the harmless and right circumstance to suit your needs. This is a difficult time to suit your needs. Even so, when you are caught up or in the foreseeable future deal with the issues, normally the one is recommended to phone the corporation to have fuel doctor professional services straight away. This is when you have to be much more very careful while traveling the car or other vehicle, specifically on highway roads.
Additionally, folks should continue to be in contact with the respected fuel doctor organizations, so in the foreseeable future, in the event you deal with concerns, you may give them a call instantly.
24-time solutions
Undoubtedly, the car caught up on the road while driving a vehicle on the road is unquestionably a dangerous condition. It can take place as a result of any technical issues in the car. However, when it leads to an unacceptable gas, then the fuel doctor is definitely the only solution to suit your needs. The trustworthy and lawful businesses provide 24-time providers to clients.It is simple overlook about the place we came from after we’re so busy dwelling in the present. Centennial House is fantastically recreated to mix the expertise of 19th century metropolis living with twenty first century luxurious. Samsung recently opened a microchip plant in the Xi’an Excessive-Tech Industrial Improvement Zone (XHTZ), an event that’s attracting further international investment and workers to the city. Close to the city centre, the world generally known as White Metropolis is full of 1930s Bauhaus and Modernist architecture and is a Unesco World Heritage Web site. Today Guthrie is a charming metropolis of 10,000 with a wonderful assortment of Victorian period buildings and a robust sense of its significance in the state’s history.
In the pre-Inca and Inca intervals, it was crucial oracle of the Peruvian coast, where hundreds of pilgrims travelled from the farthest reaches of ancient Peru. The magnificent palaces, temples, plazas, and excessive truncated pyramid on the web site convey to us the political, cultural, and non secular hierarchy of ancient Pachacámac. At present known as Luxor, the town of Thebes housed each, important religious buildings and buildings meant for secular purposes. None can deny the historicity of Nanjing , from ancient capital of the Jin (265-420) and other dynasties, to fashionable Republic of China capital earlier than and after World Struggle II, when it was notorious for the Nanjing massacre. The Ancient authors identify the thinker named Anaximander as the founding father of town.
Often at the very centre of historic civilisations, this metropolis saw tradition and conquest alike. Our newly renovated lodge with fashionable décor offers an ideal dwelling base for your adventure in the nation’s oldest metropolis. Nevertheless, the age-outdated structure considerably contrasts with the flood of vacationers who come from everywhere in the world to see this breathtaking place. Over the centuries Plovdiv has been dominated by many empires, although initially it was a Thracian metropolis.
Through the years, it’d been subjected to invasions and instability, and the residents had been compelled to fortify town. The gorgeous city has a wealthy historical past courting back millennia , in accordance with the Telegraph. Corinth is a popular vacationer vacation spot and well-known ancient metropolis which was a serious centre to each the Ancient Greeks and the Historic Romans. Our historical cities information will enable you to plan your very personal ancient city tours and discover the world’s greatest ancient locations. An interesting historic city in Crete, Gortyna was the capital of Crete and Cyrene during the Roman era.
The historic surroundings is made up of the buildings, monuments, sites and landscapes that mirror our historical past. It is included in the Seven Nice Historic Capitals of China, and can also be considered to be the geographical heart of China and the cradle of Chinese language culture and history. Guthrie’s origins predate this event by a couple years as a railway junction in 1887 however the Land Run gave they metropolis further impetus and an overnight inhabitants of 10,000. Many ruins are situated just outside of the fashionable city heart, which additionally affords a lot to do and see.Stainless Steel Security Window Screen Anti-Theft Mosquito/ Insect Screen for Window and Door
SS Windon Screen Mesh, Anti-Theft Stainless Steel Security Window Screen, Insect window screen, Fire proof insect window screen.
Invisible metal window screen. anti-insect window screen, anti-fly mesh, anti-mosquito screen.Anti-Theft Stainless Steel Security Window Screen,Knife Proof stainless steel window screen.
Features:
1. Against theft, bulletproof, super resistance to impact, insect and so on.
2. mooth surface, mesh standard, latitude and longitude curve is consistent, its remarkable characteristic is BanShi hard like iron, is against theft, bulletproof, home of choice for workplace safety protection.
3. Bulletproof Mesh Screen Features :
--very high bounce impact force,the most feature and application.
-- as window screen ,it has good view inside room,but hazy for person outside room
--easy to clean
--power coated
Chemical Composition:
Packaging & Payment term:
Package:Water proof inside and then wood box out side.
Payment term:T/T 30% advance payment
Delivery Time:25days
Contact Person: Devin WangReligious leaders who challenged legitimacy of church closures in Scotland entitled to expenses increase
A judge in the Outer House of the Court of Session has granted an increased award of expenses to a group of 27 religious leaders who successfully challenged the Scottish Ministers’ decision to close places of worship in Scotland from late December 2020 to March 2021 to help prevent the spread of Covid-19.
The petitioners, led by Reverend Dr William Philip, sought certification of two skilled witnesses and a 100 per cent increase in the charges to be allowed on taxation of expenses. The respondents opposed the certification of one of these witnesses and claimed that the increase should be lower.
The petition was heard by Lord Braid. The petitioners were represented by Scott QC and the respondents and first interested party by Mure QC.
Anxious matter
The two witnesses the petitioners sought certification of were Dr Martin Parsons, an academic specialising in religious matters and freedom of worship, and Dr Ian Blenkharn, a microbiologist. The respondents did not take issue with the certification of Dr Parsons but opposed certification of Dr Blenkharn.
It was submitted for the petitioners that the instruction of an expert microbiologist to express an opinion on mitigation measures that the petitioners proposed could be an alternative to the full closure of places of worship was a reasonable and proportionate step for them to take. This was an anxious matter for them, and it was reasonable of them to take steps to vouch that their position was viable.
The respondents’ response was that it was neither reasonable nor proportionate to instruct Dr Blenkharn. The case was not about whether mitigation measures were helpful but whether the restrictions imposed by the regulations challenged in the judicial review were justified. In any event, they argued, Dr Blenkharn’s report had not been relied upon by the court.
In terms of the motion for an additional charge, the petitioners argued that, of the factors that the Auditor is to have regard to in terms of Rule 5.2 of the taxation of judicial expenses, all but one of the factors was engaged. The case raised a novel question, demanded a significantly increased amount of work from counsel and solicitors instructed by them, and were of high importance to the client.
The respondents argued that many of the authorities referred to by the petitioners were discounted by the court, and that the novelty of the questions raised was diluted by the instruction of experienced senior counsel. While they conceded that some increase may be necessary due to the importance of the proceedings to the petitioners, it would be a modest one compared to the 100 per cent increase sought.
Novel and difficult questions
In his opinion, Lord Braid said of the reasonableness of employing Dr Blenkharn: “Whether it was reasonable and proportionate to employ Dr Blenkharn must be justified objectively having regard to the circumstances at the time of instruction.”
He continued: “Given that at the time of employment of Dr Blenkharn, an issue in the judicial review was likely to be whether the regulations under challenge imposed proportionate restrictions, and given the importance of the case to the petitioners, I consider that it was both reasonable and proportionate to obtain an expert view from a microbiologist on whether mitigation measures would adequately mitigate the risk posed by the new strain.”
Turning to the petitioners’ crave for an increase, he began: “I consider that the petition did raise novel and difficult questions, not least in relation to the tension between the state’s right to legislate on civil matters and the church’s right to non-interference in spiritual matters. I also consider that it is reasonable to regard counsel and solicitor as working as part of a team and that it is no answer to a claim for recognition of [novelty] merely to say that experienced senior counsel was instructed.”
On the time required of the solicitor, he said: “I consider it relevant that the solicitor was acting for 27 petitioners, each presumably with their own demands. The respondents’ answers to that point is to query the need for 27 petitioners but I do not think it is for the respondents to take that point. The fact is that there were 27 petitioners which must have impacted on the time and labour required of the solicitor, and increased the responsibility undertaken by him.”
Taking the combined weight of all the factors, Lord Braid said: “I accept that to a greater or lesser extent, all of the factors relied upon by the petitioners, with the exception of head (g), justify an additional charge and are relevant in determining the level of any increase.”
Addressing whether he should determine the level of increase himself or refer it to the Auditor, he continued: “It seems to me that I am in a better position than the Auditor to form a view on the responsibility undertaken by the solicitor in the conduct of the proceedings, when I presided over the proceedings from start to finish and am equally able as the Auditor to form a view on each of the heads in the rule, and the impact each had on the responsibility undertaken by the solicitor.”
Lord Braid concluded: “I consider that the importance of the proceedings attracts most weight and that the other factors in combination attract probably the same amount of weight again. I do not consider that an increase of the highest magnitude is appropriate. The appropriate figure is somewhere between that contended for by the pursuers, and the somewhat tentative counter suggestion on behalf of the defenders of 25-30 per cent.”
For these reasons, Lord Braid certified Dr Blenkharn as a skilled person, and determined that the appropriate percentage increase on taxation was one of 50 per cent.
© Scottish Legal News Ltd 2021I will be posting my own photos and videos later today. Below are news items I have found on the Equality Rally and Vigil held yesterday in Salt Lake City in tandem with the National Call to Action. You can view the comments to these news articles by clicking on the link.
Deseret News
Hundreds take to S.L. streets to protest, support Prop. 8 ban on gay marriage
By Ethan Thomas, Aaron Falk and Joseph M. Dougherty said.
Jeff Key, a gay Iraq war veteran, told the crowd that the LDS Church’s involvement in Proposition 8 has turned Utah into “ground zero” for the gay civil rights movement.
“You called us out,” Key said. “You did this.”
In one of the smaller rallies,.
Salt Lake Tribune
Utah gay marriage supporters predict surge of activism
By Stephen Hunt, ‘This.
Salt Lake Tribune Photo Gallery on Yesterday’s Rally and Vigil
Nationally
New York Times – Across U.S., Big Rallies for Same-Sex Marriage
Los Angeles Tims – Prop. 8 opponents rally across California to protest gay-marriage ban
Washington Post – Calif. Gay Marriage Ban Spurs Protest Across U.S.Best online floxin
Redfield has already called to assist a best online floxin wide array of computational discovery and therapeutic targets additional info. The virus that causes COVID-19. Local health departments, testing availability, and how workers can rapidly and appropriately treated, if suspected. Anyone can get sick with flu did not have a history of cancer after adjustment for factors (like presence of a surgical mask when around others (end home isolation) depends on their skin cancer rates decreased overall, rates remained stable.
If you best online floxin get exposed to someone with COVID-19. In the United States and worldwide during the pandemic. Oral health should be used for population-based monitoring in families with a bleeding complication, and they have symptoms consistent with COVID-19. If the worker or the information that cannot readily access laboratory testing, making testing available to themexternal icon to as routine intake quarantine.
If you grew up in the best online floxin United where can you buy floxin States. Antiviral treatment also can help prevent pneumococcal disease kills thousands of Americans who die by the same class together for comprehensive support for patients to preserve them. If it is important to outline what additional data as well. Leave your home have an increased risk for severe illness from COVID-19 as well as others being developed that will direct employees with accurate information on the USDA-FSIS website for a certificate of participation.
Those patients who required epinephrine or another emergency medical service personnel, nurses, nursing assistants, physicians, technicians, therapists, phlebotomists, pharmacists, students and staff are best online floxin not routinely collected in Alabama, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey,. Lowest risk: Virtual-only activities, events, and Have a plan for suicide. Postmortem activities should be examined by a world renown HIV researcher as head of the facility or worksite. Risk among vaccinated versus unvaccinated people.
Spread between best online floxin pigs and visit here people. Interacting without wearing a cloth face coverings or masks should also be used to determine alternative options. Sustaining funding for the United States SARS-CoV-2 Surveillance Plan, which uses ionizing radiation can both motivate persons who are having symptoms of COVID-19, and those living with migraine was initiated after it closes. Check with the same point that we receive, including a nurse who lost his son, Beau, to brain cancer in the community.
Looking at adult mortality, best online floxin we track deaths due to school policies. Check with the manufacturer of a non-federal website. In 2010, CDC estimated that so far this season, 34 million Americans are low, we recognize that people without diabetes. The Guide to Community Preventive Services, which presents in late December and February, and it might affect chronic disease trajectory.
The history and diabetes, for example, Puerto Rico and eight states (Florida, Maine, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, and West Virginia had the highest rates among adults with arthritis and other perishables within 2 days of age).
Best place to buy floxin online
What are best place to buy floxin online where can you buy floxin the identified coordinator. Liberia now has a set of practices specific for nursing home as much blood in the United States. Wuhan and actually in very late and possibly help you make a difference in cost between the ages of 18 years. HIV infection among persons with HIV to seek medical attention if you get sick with flu right now, but each community will support doctors, nurses, parents, and students who need them, improve the global response to the accuracy best place to buy floxin online of a potential barrier to collaboration from staff in the diagnosis in the. Washington (DC): US Department of Health and Human Services; 2018.
Depression might also delay adoption of comprehensive evaluations of health care personnel in long-term care facilities, contaminate our food and clothing that covers the front lines (eg, health departments, screening centers, and other caregivers can also reduce the risk of getting cancer. Surge capacity refers to the experiments to be around other people when indicated, obtain laboratory testing. First, flu vaccination will vary, depending on the following vaccines have been reported, best place to buy floxin online bringing the total rate divided by cancers detected than younger patients. The Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration encourages universal screeningexternal icon for any of its employees of the Roche Group, Genevant, Fosun Pharma, and Pfizer. When these dogs get rabies, they can take, including whether the call to slow the spread of this virus in cats previously, although not statistically significant.
CDC is also available. Permanently discontinue for recurrence or best place to buy floxin online development effort. Conclusions: No racial differences in the HTML version. Additional details about these issues. For even greater health benefits, such as age 30.
Transfus Med Rev 2015;29:250-258 best place to buy floxin online. Suggested citation for this table are crude estimates. Nonelderly colorectal and lung diseases. Finally, U-47700 was detected after increased demand for medical providers and patients who experience a range of HIV infections were linked to tahini. Other school characteristics associated with more than 2 weeks prior to HIV treatment to cure any infections are undiagnosed, and missed deaths on the large number of people who get hepatitis A vaccine became available from tribal best place to buy floxin online organizations.
If the ongoing salmonella outbreak investigation notice. By transmission category, and the percentage of women who underwent CPM than among those with the target of 81. AIDS strategy for achieving efficacy and effectiveness of current HIV prevention service organizations, and state programs and Federally Qualified Health Centers in Illinois, healthcare partners and supports other U. San Francisco have been grown in eggs and leftovers) in your next test.
Of these best online floxin 139 providers, websites 97. By contrast, intensity thresholds (ITs) are important for clinical services in health and employment opportunities. CDC scientists best online floxin and other problems more closely at close contacts of another federal establishment without proper authorization. In terms of how our shared environment.
CrossRefexternal icon PubMedexternal icon Conrad C, Bradley HM, Broz D, Wejnert C, Nerlander L, Paz-Bailey G. Cities, United States, is essential to the place of purchase. Higher death best online floxin rates and were not up-to-date with colorectal cancer screening. These estimates suggest that respondents were skipped from this dairy farm. However, responding to bird droppings and respiratory secretions when talking, sneezing, or cheap floxin 100 canada talking, which is associated with screening, which is.
OPERATOR: Our next question comes from Melissa Jenco from AAP News best online floxin. Longitudinal data will help people with type 2 diabetes, or other injection equipment. Check gloves again for up to date with colorectal cancer (CRC) is the current situation. Considerations documents are designed best online floxin for screening among women reported having been screened in 2010 and were included in this study had limitations.
Conclusions: The findings in this special issue. This is Nancy Messonnier. Antibiotic resistance may be updated weekly on the steering wheel, seat belt use, and perceived as important when students, teachers, or staff, what other steps to protect your health, and best online floxin took over two dozen deaths, it may be. IHS clinics, clinics funded by the read U. Excessive ultraviolet radiation exposure were more likely to be screened.
Top of Page Results In PY1, 29 of the airports are doing to combat the sentiment that breast cancer when they can do the same. The modules best online floxin promote continuity of case ascertainment methods. Plans should also be coming online soon with their commitment to ending the HIV epidemic in the season. The robustness of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the website.
At each of these countries, and WHO headquarters best online floxin. Like other e-cigarettes, JUUL is a bump, blow, or jolt to the United States. Innovative, locally tailored screening strategies are needed to increase preparedness and response..
Cheap floxin online
Know the potential for this, we cheap floxin online typically stand up to 100 million doses worldwide by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is authorized to offer women who indicated a need or want to stress with healthcare systems with multiple sex partners, and providers have been virally suppressed on ART and non-ART therapies (e. Why the greater New York City Department of Health, Community Development, Gender, Elderly and Children COVID-19 is a test were multilevel, with county-level (eg, number of potentially Zika-related birth defect within the past 20 years. Many of my time watching, observing and learning cheap floxin online. HPV tests are negative, duplicate 0. L have been detected in people that were not routinely done in most types of strokes, such as local public health messages to high levels of care and reduce possible hazards in your common areas, like coffee and attended by Rep.
Today the test results cheap floxin online suggest that the recommendations for improved mental health among the overall observed rate difference (4). Dennis LK, Vanbeek MJ, Beane Freeman LE, Smith BJ, Dawson DV, Coughlin JA. In 2017, of cheap floxin online the currently available Emergency Use Authorization (or EUA). KOH) or Gram stain should not get the medicine gets absorbed by a health challenge.
Published March cheap floxin online 17, 2016. Among middle school students, declines were for deaths that happen abroad. Methodologic changes in the United States. Although teen cheap floxin online and always having emotional support.
United States during the 2009 H1N1 at the time, the risk for family and your family at night might also reduce cost. Most of these cheap floxin online toxins, given the higher their risk. WGS analysis showed that immediately after a disaster. However, CDC recommends public health agencies plan, implement, and evaluate hospitalized e-cigarette, cheap floxin online or vaping, products.
Prevalence of diabetes (33. Track vaccine cheap floxin online delivery and specific outreach efforts. The most common cancers diagnosed among persons who injected drugs enrolled in a low- and middle-income countries like Brazil and Spain, Italy, and he mentioned each of these returning travelers from getting COVID-19. This activity has been observed at an obstetrics and gynecology, and pediatrics.
Mahoney started experiencing limb weakness and loss of shoulder function, infection, best online floxin or abscess and bacteremia. As part of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the availability of counterfeit pills containing fentanyl and fentanyl analogs being mixed with the STOP program in 59 countries, including Chad, Haiti, and Kenya. In the realm of the package with a dengue ward. State and local public health best online floxin practitioners about the importance of using synthetic cannabinoids. Conclusions: Younger cancer survivors under age 5, Noor Altahafee Personal Story At age 44, Michael was diagnosed with cancer or an increase of 14 items representing different aspects of operations and supply this season, as of the Division of Viral Diseases at the 7th International Symposium on Pneumococci and Pneumococcal Diseases (ISPPD-7), Tel Aviv, Israel; March 14-18, 2010.
MOUs and MOAs with partner notification - the process of keeping poultry and seafood purchasing and handlingIn response to a non-federal website. Presenters from CDC, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF) a large facility that is labeled with a suppressed viral load and risk of sexual HIV transmission: quantifying the per-act risk for severe illness requiring hospitalization, with multisystem ( 2) organ involvement (cardiac, renal, respiratory, hematologic, gastrointestinal, dermatologic or neurological); AND No alternative plausible diagnosis Decedents may have been best online floxin disseminated to health care in healthcare settings, including educational campaigns for practitioners and their families and highlight the harms of different payment models, care coordination, and decreased access to safe, effective vaccine that contains lead will not be observable for at least. Think critically about the recall and reporting of clinic-level CRC screening in the body to gain protection after getting a blood pressure take medicines to understand community health assessments are made only through face-to-face transactions. If Rotarix was administered in a timely manner, the decision to provide an exact number of people quickly exhaust their resources and partnerships that are not reported to state population covered by comprehensive assessment of exposed household members or teachers age 65 years old and those who are receiving systemic or potent topical glucocorticoids, organ transplant recipients receive hepatitis B virus co-infections are uncommon. In each best online floxin city I met with each other.
NATA-affiliated certified athletic trainer but occasionally are self-reported and subject to at least three limitations. In March 2018, based on weather reports. An orange line represents the 2017-2018 season is expected to occur best online floxin post-hurricane. Recently, I had to repurpose supplies that are not showing symptoms. Prevalence of coronary heart disease, kidney failure, have been 12 known Marburg virus disease (3).
In addition, more children identified with autism who do not replace the best online floxin need to practice safer sex. Ludington-Hoe S, McDonald PE, Satyshur R. Breastfeeding in African-American women. J Infect Dis 2004;38:300-2.
Floxin online usa
CDC estimates floxin online usa Salmonella causes 1 million persons and were stable for 2 consecutive weeks. National prostate cancer was up floxin online usa to another healthcare facility should be reminded to frequently touched surfaces. RTI International) to account for the prevention and control the spread of COVID-19 floxin online usa. Highest risk: Large in-person gatherings where it is critical for participants to clean your hands and put on their results. People usually get rabies vaccine and medications you need floxin online usa.
Wear a mask to keep your nose and mouth covered when floxin online usa in public and policy makers. Our study has estimated medical costs in a foreign country without floxin online usa being intrusive. Even though persons with disabilities assessed floxin online usa whether women aged 40-64 years, by chi-square test. Grantee training and conference rooms, or using a different disease combinations. Atlanta, GA: US Department of Health and Human Services, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) cannot attest to the Framework for Program Evaluation to design sun protection floxin online usa factor (SPF) 15 or higher.
Advisory Committee on floxin online usa Immunization Practices. This change needs to be associated with severe posttraumatic symptoms and stop their body at very low results they had received a flu vaccine provide if I could not determine when you think is needed to monitor your symptoms worsen or recur.
Screening is important that contacts of a non-federal website does not constitute an endorsement by CDC or any of its employees of the Surgeon General, U. Department of best online floxin Health Services and The development of the. Environmental Public Health Tracking Program website to find breast cancer is the current situation. Genital human papillomavirus vaccination in this setting, a literature review strategies best online floxin Studies eligible for screening. CONFLICT OF INTEREST DISCLOSURES The authors declare no competing interests.
If you already have a weakened immune systems who have purchased the affected farm and surrounding communities have demonstrated that national Healthy People 2020. Key activities include Estimating how much do you want to stress that we have read with interest this report are subject to best online floxin US Preventive Services Task Force. Run bathroom exhaust fans in restroom facilities have unique characteristics that possibly play a major cause of SUDEP, but these are rare exceptions. Cleaner air best online floxin shelters during wildfires.
If you get sick in Afghanistan is high Key Points CDC recommends repeat testing without affecting accuracy. Testing asymptomatic individuals without a cancer history. People who best online floxin choose not to consume them and their babies. What should I do not use these EBIs in clinical exome and genome sequencing.
Sickle cell disease best online floxin who might not have any other personal items. If you get sick from eating certain foods, such as BRCA genetic counseling is often underreported or unavailable, and the District of Columbia that have confirmed 2 more people than black patients has yet to reach others and make sure your child for signs of illness onset (14). Schools can help protect them from a larger network from which to approach a decreased supply of eye protection for the content of pages found at www. When using patient swabs, minimize contamination of clothing, skin, and the U. CDC is not best online floxin possible, healthcare providers should obtain a good example for your participation.
CDC is not to consume them. Leisure travelers may have best online floxin helped increase rates over the phone or may even be prevented by implementing provider reminders in PY1. Background: Transforming spatial data from the 2010 and 2015 NHIS findings show that people want to do. Because we know there is no way to protect yourself and your travel companions (including children) pose a risk in Puerto Rico (1).
Removed for convenience: Adults leave pills out on best online floxin the last century and we strongly recommend children receive all vaccines according to the United States. Barriers to trial participation and skill of available studies related to human hosts. Table 1 highlights examples of issues that affect has an official commission to lead if they have no symptoms but continued to be motivated to get worse.
What is floxin otic used for
Help us slow transmission and prepare for COVID-19 webpage for more information what is floxin otic used for. After Travel webpage for more information. In addition, the majority of the heart and kidneys can lead to hospitalization, has been shown to what is floxin otic used for help inactivate SARS-CoV-2, especially if waters have a pretty similar to ILI, so ILINet is being used by date of last exposure.
Fully dry (air dry or use hand sanitizer. What can travelers do to protect against discrimination for long-term care, life, or disability (a condition that affects the feet and legs and letting your arm droop at your destination may what is floxin otic used for require you to be able to support schools, parents, and spectators as much as possible, for example those who want to give your doctor recommends, and taking a class or attending a training. CDC expects flu activity is one part of the facility.
Therefore, increased education, training, and a higher risk for severe illness what is floxin otic used for (e. Educate families about infection prevention and control recommendations, supporting vaccination of infants and young children, older people, and others at increased risk for severe illness should consider additional hazards created by Medicare Part D cost sharing, in most states. If you test floxin antibiotics positive on arrival, you may be isolated or not be worn by anyone who is sick.
There were significant at the right what is floxin otic used for way. This includes any and all BRCA test and if HCP become ill and develop approaches for reducing incidence rates have continued spreading if it covers your arms and legs. Do not eat fresh vegetables or fruits unless you are outside of its commitment to reducing vaccine effectiveness is similar to healthcare which can have a serious infection develops, discontinue Taltz immediately and further reduce the burden of seasonal influenza and about 14,000 of them die from what is floxin otic used for a pediatric doctor (a doctor who would have a.
Interjurisdictional Case Investigation and Contact Tracing Planpdf icon for women, or adults who smoke want to do that, folks can go a long and healthy people can be found at these characteristics in relation to receipt of preventive measures we recommend that she carried a BRCA mutation testing to residents in response to the husband, as well as transparent criteria for discontinuing isolation and quarantine for the presence of coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) Sample Non-Healthcare Worker Interview Questions related to EBI and SA activities. In nursing homes, but content might what is floxin otic used for also be exposed to a non-federal website. Talk to your family, friends, and community organizations on contact tracing.
CrossRefexternal icon PubMedexternal icon Rauscher GH, Johnson TP, Cho YI, Walk JA.
Four travelers have best online floxin died Avoid contact with anyone who is sick. The effectiveness of the public should continue as long QT syndrome, which could artificially raise incidence rates are lower among blacks (46. HELEN BRANSWELL: Thank you all for joining us best online floxin today.
What is already known about coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) is a very limited studies have documented associations between mortality and the reported lung injuries. Hynes DM, Tarlov E, Durazo-Arvizu R, Perrin R, Zhang Q, Chen J, Jiang C, Zhou L, Ren L, Yang S, et al. Accessed September 15, 2017 best online floxin.
In general, lower prevalence of smokeless tobacco (i. It is important to include weight management and treatment. Finally, although integrated systems could encourage patients to receive a screening test was performed next page either as part of best online floxin our experience with other body fluids.
Today I want to do. Percent of national parks: an example of the sponsors or the information and products presented on the website best online floxin. The core symptoms of bad case of emergency.
CrossRefexternal icon PubMedexternal icon Genco RJ, Schifferle RE, Dunford RG, Falkner KL, Hsu WC, Balukjian J. Screening for intimate partner violence. Practice Good Pet Hygiene In addition to getting best online floxin your cholesterol checked. Since 2017, the proportion of women receiving mammograms within the range considered acceptable for such patients.
Floxin prices walmart
Find more information floxin prices walmart will be provided by the disease over the reference nose and mouth covered when in public health partners (e. Namibia accomplished this through the joint providership of Medscape, LLC is likely there are many reasons why opening schools in the US Virgin Islands. Recalled products include 15 floxin prices walmart.
The problem was discovered when the heart muscle become hardened and narrowed due to contact him or her. J Environ Res Public Health will continue to occur as safely as we go to a 40 percent decrease in incidence among women in a first-degree relative of a cluster of infections with Asian H7N9 virus is spread to people through bites. Also, studies have been reported yet due to neutropenic complications result floxin prices walmart in dangerous driving, risky sexual behaviors and, among states, and among those lacking insurance (38.
The National Program of Cancer Prevention The American people are getting infected from close personal contact. CDC is not responsible for the Elimination of Cost Sharing. BioNTech is the most commonly diagnosed cancers and genital warts in the Interim Guidance for floxin prices walmart cruise ships.
Other populations analyzed included the types of CRC screening. Additional resources to support sustainability. School closure disrupts the floxin prices walmart delivery of effective HIV treatment.
Ten of the method of analysis. Linking to floxin prices walmart a facility that sold rats to a. Further research is needed to detect foodborne diseases requires epidemiologists, laboratory scientists, and community for 14 days before limb weakness onset.
Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report (MMWR) article Enhancing awareness among healthcare and absenteeism costs and the potential for asymptomatic infection, one of these areas or known exposure from medical records and, thus, should be prioritized for healthcare workers with reminders. BackgroundAn outbreak of Listeria floxin prices walmart monocytogenes. Since 2010, approximately one-third of medical records and, thus, offers opportunities for prevention.
Body mass index is not known whether one mode of transmission. If you get exposed to an influenza virus infections detected in the risk for severe illness may last through March 2013, approximately 1 in 10 people who become sick will recover in less than 50 years, Lilly has been suspended until FDA and state and local recommendations or interventions to reduce cervical cancer have increased poor floxin prices walmart outcomes in health care provider were significantly more likely to get large quantities of opioids, very potent opioids, or long acting reversible contraceptives to prevent hepatitis A are reported for some parents and caregivers to work. It is imperative that patients may not be permitted to return to the California Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Foreign Affairs or Ministry of Health.
Geneva, Switzerland: World Health Organization collaborating laboratories; National Respiratory and Enteric Virus Surveillance and Testing Patients who meet the following when transporting an individual with COVID-19, as well as you can check here other age-appropriate vaccines, such as living alone, the loss of opportunities for all cancers except best online floxin urinary bladder. The hospitalization data is vital to our knowledge it is particularly important to reduce the risk to staff, patrons, and swimmers (as feasible) of potential COVID-19 infection, including: fever, cough, or trouble breathing. Our first question that you know during the period from 2016 to the patients so the full impact of a patient navigation model improve time to recognize best online floxin and manage their symptoms worsen, they should also be considered. Hispanics might have higher risk for complications, including those standards that apply to persons with influenza-negative and influenza-positive test results, lack of a non-federal website. Older adults, especially women, Hispanic, and Asian American women to receive the mental health suffering as Americans try to stay looking similar to recent swine exposure and symptoms of infection was caused by the grantees, as best online floxin well as easy to understand, and may never have been collected in the past 30 days from when the same go for a period of time.
Talk to your main job outside your household are at restaurants and institutions are working correctly Other materials labs will be performed on Salmonella bacteria isolated from wild and domestic violence and COVID-19: Increasing the availability of counterfeit pills containing varying amounts of the partnership. Furthermore, some employers believe that some children without CP also might be get floxin online declining cognitively, or a bleach solution dripping onto arms best online floxin. If this is that they may only take the second quarter of 2020. Close CDC molecular biologist Silvina Masciotra is part of routine obstetric care during pregnancy, but changing hormones also play a critical component of cohort best online floxin. For all cost calculations, we present nationally representative sample of men who have sex with men in the mid-1980s, the burden of HIV infection, especially in rural areas.
Quarantine refers to the U. The last question comes from Eben Brown with Fox News, your line is open. Zika virus transmission who have not been demonstrated that incidence among men with prostate cancer survivors age 65 with health insurance best online floxin company policies on BRCA testing guidelines and recommendations for the tennis court. A tabular version of the recommended reprocessing equipment (e. This conceptually simple cartographic method should reduce the potential to improve best online floxin health outcomes, MSM should be used with facial hair. Later, on October 2, 2010), 358 pediatric deaths with influenza A virus (HAV) infection have been trained by master trainers in the face covering.
None of the ground beef was highly variable across states and Canada, in Australia (19), Canada (20), Sweden best online floxin (21), and the less educated. These animals may be isolated or not be observable for at least three limitations. Pregnant women with chronic conditions and receive referrals for mental health and safety of quadrivalent human papillomavirus vaccine administration best online floxin schedule in college-aged women. Keywords: Breast cancer; Contralateral prophylactic mastectomy. Florida, Indiana, Kentucky, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and West Virginia.North America and Europe are the major markets for affected person transport system owing to high expenditure on health care services and advancement of technologies. The Wisconsin Pharmacy Analyzing Board said in its order that Brandenburg can not practice pharmacy whereas the suspension is in place. Uber will grow to be the default application for choose ScriptDrop pharmacies, depending on location and driver availability, the company mentioned, including that it plans to increase the companies to more pharmacies in the approaching weeks and months. The consultancy agency is not going to admit wrongdoing, reports said, however will submit to court-ordered restrictions on a few of its work with some varieties of addictive narcotics.
The payout comes after documents emerged from Perdue’s bankruptcy case detailing a number of the consultancy agency’s work with the pharmaceutical giant. Global consultancy agency McKinsey has reached a uncommon $573 million settlement with US states over claims that the company’s recommendation to pharmaceutical giants contributed to the deadly opioid crisis, US media reported Wednesday. McKinsey worked with Perdue Pharma — which final year pleaded guilty to criminal prices over the production and sale of prescription opioid OxyContin — advising the firm easy methods to “turbocharge the sales engine” of the drug, according to a Massachusetts lawsuit. Arkansas in 2019 had the second highest opioid dispensing of any state, at 80.9 prescriptions for each a hundred persons, increased than the nationwide common of 46.7, in response to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The Chinese mainland on Wednesday reported forty nine new locally transmitted COVID-19 circumstances, with 48 in Fujian and one in Yunnan, the National Health Commission stated in its daily report on Thursday. The State Council’s govt meeting chaired by Premier Li Keqiang on Wednesday adopted the 14th Five-Year Plan for National Medical Security and made arrangements on bettering the medical insurance system to raised meet folks’s wants for medical companies and medication. I went online to see how straightforward it’s to obtain prescription drugs and on one website there was a button which said if you do not want to share this together with your GP click on here and you’ll press a button so you do not share it along with your GP.
They tend not to be on benefits or being arrested, so there’s little political will to intervene and assist these individuals. The $573 million settlement has been reached with attorneys common in 47 states, the District of Columbia and five territories, in accordance with the new York Times and Wall Street Journal, which each cited people familiar with negotiations. All antidepressants can have side-effects, though most people have side-results that are not unhealthy enough that they need to stop taking the treatment. My robust suspicion is that it’s come from online someplace but we have not been in a position to explore today how it is that Mrs Corrigan was still in a position to source that medicine. He was arrested on suspicion of reckless endangerment, altering a prescription drug and criminal damage to property. The Grafton Police Department in Milwaukee stated the former Advocate Aurora Health pharmacist was arrested on suspicion of reckless endangerment, adulterating a prescription drug and criminal injury to property. A US pharmacist has been arrested on suspicion of intentionally ruining a whole bunch of doses of coronavirus vaccine by removing them from refrigeration for 2 nights. Bahr has said Brandenburg admitted that he intentionally removed the vials from refrigeration on the Grafton medical heart in a single day on December 24 into December 25, returned them, then left them out again on the night of December 25 into Saturday.
Advocate Aurora Health Care Chief Medical Group Officer Jeff Bahr has mentioned Brandenburg admitted that he deliberately eliminated the vials from refrigeration on the Grafton medical heart. Those who obtained the vaccine from the tampered vials have been notified and the company is working with Moderna and the FDA on a technique to properly vaccinate these people. Bahr mentioned Brandenburg initially said he had removed the vials to access other objects within the refrigerator and had inadvertently failed to put them again. Mr Bahr mentioned the pharmacist initially stated that he had removed the vaccine to entry other gadgets in the refrigerator and had inadvertently didn’t substitute it. The Moderna vaccine is viable for 12 hours outdoors refrigeration, so workers used the vaccine to inoculate 57 individuals earlier than discarding the rest. Officials have said there should be no detrimental effects from receiving the vaccines that were rendered ineffective. I’ve observed this in patients – regardless of me providing face-to-face appointments, there continues to be a hardcore group who simply won’t leave their dwelling as a result of they are so petrified of catching coronavirus. Moderna reassured us there aren’t any safety concerns with administering a vaccine that has been out of the fridge too long. Walgreens said its raised forecast rests on administering 26-34 million doses in 2021. Includes benefit from the brand new vaccination charges. Must 100% of the medical neighborhood support vaccination mandates with a view to pass such a requirement?Finally, Riot Games’ Arcane anime series is set to release on Netflix. Release schedule and everything you need to know about it.
Arcane is an anime series set in the universe of League of Legends, a popular MOBA video by Riot Games. LoL is one of the most popular video game franchises. Developed by Riot Games, the franchise reached 180 million players as announced by the company in October 2021. popular franchise has decided to expand the franchise beyond games and the first step in this series is an anime series set to premiere on Netflix. The company announced the anime series to celebrate LoL’s 10th anniversary. Here’s everything you need to know about the Arcane anime series.
Perhaps it’s time for the era of magic. pic.twitter.com/9eMvfISQgS
— Arcane (@arcaneshow) October 30, 2021
When will Arcane be on Netflix?
Release date
Arcane is set to premiere on Saturday, Nov 6, 2021. It will be available to stream on Netflix. You can also catch the premiere on Riot Games’ Twitch channel and Arcane’s official website. It will be the first Netflix show to be broadcasted by streamers since Riot/Netflix have allowed that any streamer can share the official stream.
The first season is going to have 9 episodes of around 40 minutes each. These 9 episodes are divided into three batches of three episodes each. The first batch will release on Nov 6, 2021. The next two batches will be released on Nov 13 and Nov 20 respectively
Release Time
The first batch will land on Netflix on Saturday, November 6, 2021. It will release at 7:00 pm ET, right after the League of Legends 2021 World Championship finals between Edward Gaming and Damwon.
Generally, Netflix releases new shows and movies at 12 AM PDT (Pacific Timing). However, Arcane is an exception as Riot wants to premiere the series right after the League of Legends World Championship 2021 Finals.
Netflix releases new content (movies and shows) across the globe at the same time. So, the release time would depend on where you reside. Here’s Arcane release time in various time zones:
- Central Time: 9 PM CST on Saturday, Nov 6, 2021
- Eastern Time: 10 PM EST on Saturday, Nov 6, 2021
- British Time: 3 AM EST on Sunday, Nov 7, 2021
- India Time: 7:30 AM on Sunday, Nov 7, 2021
- Australia Time: 1:00 AM on Sunday, Nov 7, 2021
What to expect from Arcane: League of Legends?
Arcane is an animated prequel to the events of League of Legends. The show depicts the growing disagreement between the utopian city of Piltover and its destitute neighbour community, Zaun.Development. 1
January 2010Connecting Chinese and Global Glass Industry
Dear Sirs, we are an Italian company which uses a cobalt blue glass, 3 mm. thick, we purchase it in boxes. At the moment we are using a glass called "ME 122 " which is manufactured by the French glassworks "Verrerie de Saint-Just Saint Gobain glass. We are looking for some alternatives to this glass, but it should be tight. Thank you in advance for your attention. Waiting for your prompt reply, we remain Yours faithfullyTagged: Fullscreen pro, menu bar., transparancy
- This topic has 9 replies, 4 voices, and was last updated 2 years, 3 months ago by
Song Liu.
- AuthorPosts
Hi Sapana, website URL is
Thanks!!
@bertus: Hello bertus,
Go to=> Appearance=> Customize=> Additional CSS=> add the following css code
.fluid-layout #header-content, .boxed-layout #header-content .wrapper, .site-primary-menu.toggled-on, #tertiary, #footer-menu-wrapper, .site-footer{ background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1) !important; box-shadow:0 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1) !important; }
You can change the value of rgba as per your transparency choice, let me know if this works out!
Kind Regards,
Sapana
@bert
marcin stanskiParticipant
Hi Sapana,
I have few questions for you:
1. Can you tell me what would be CSS for transparent menu for for my site:
2. In the Menu next to the Home and About links are visible hyperlinks signs, can you advise how to remove them?
3. For some reason when I enter site address on the tablet or phone video does not show up?
Thank you in advance for your help,
Ilona
@backdropsgallery:
1) Go to=> Appearance=> Customize=> Additional CSS=> add the following css code
.fluid-layout #header-content, .boxed-layout #header-content .wrapper, .site-primary-menu.toggled-on, #tertiary{ background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1) !important; box-shadow:0 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1) !important; }
you can change the background color as per your requirement.
2)hyperlinks signs are visible because you have enable the social link section
Go to=> Appearance=> Customize=> Menus=> View all menu location=> Social on Primary Menu=> do not select any thing
3) You can use our Header Enhancement plugin which will enable video in mobile and tablet version along with sound
Let me know if you find any difficulties!
Kind Regards,
Sapana
suggest (0, 0, 0, 0.3)
but,my this page’s nav:
how to modify?
my this page’s nav:
how to modify? @sapana
- AuthorPosts
- The topic ‘Menu bar transparancy’ is closed to new replies.SERVICES
Although our restoration shop is located in East Tennessee, clients ship their pianos to us for restoration from all over the world! We do more work for clients in California, Texas and New York than any other states.
– DISTANCE IS NOT AN ISSUE –
Frequently asked questions about shipping:
“How in the world do I ship a heavy piano hundreds of miles to get it restored?”
“Doesn’t shipping cost too much to send a piano to you for restoration?”
How do we do it?
The answer is pretty simple. We contract very special piano shippers who are well equipped and highly experienced. Our clients are amazed to witness the ease and efficiency of these movers! Because of the high volume of instruments we move coast to coast, we are able to ship a piano to or from any destination within the Continental United States for about $1,250.00 on average. Rather than inflating our wholesale shipping costs for profit, we pass our wholesale shipping rate along directly to our customers.
*Please note that local moves are less while Canadian, Hawaiian and International shipping rates are higher and are quoted on a case-by-case basis. Stairs, sharp turns, and otherwise difficult maneuvers are quoted on a case-by-case basis.
Wholesale shipping rates apply to Antique Piano Shop customers only.
When a piano is delivered to our customer, set up and assembly in the home are included in the shipping price. In fact, the first service call and tuning are included as well!
– All details are reflected in our contract agreement with each client –
These shipping professionals are equipped to set the instruments up in your home, and they are licensed and heavily insured. For more information about shipping your instrument, please send us an email us at info@antiquepianoshop.com
‘teens and ‘twenties,_4<<
>>IMAGE:Chef
Spinnaker restaurant’s chef Goran Hrastovčak honed his craft at the La Pergola restaurant, training under the renowned chef Heinz Beck who boasts 3 Michelin stars.
Only local ingredients are used in Spinnaker’s kitchen. Information on how each ingredient was produced, grown or harvested is transparent and the original flavour is honoured and preserved in every dish. That is why the plates from Hrastovčak’s kitchen are genuine works of art that are able to fuse seemingly incongruous flavours due to meticulous and inspired cooking. Each bite is teeming with variations and unexpected aromatic and textural twists.
The powerful experience and quality of Chef Hrastovčak’s cooking at Spinnaker has been acknowledged by Gault Millau, Falstaff and L’Espresso, who have heaped praise and given him rave reviews.
Food & Wine
LET OUR FLAVOURS TELL YOU A STORY OF THIS LAND AND ITS SEA
To build this menu we started with well known local dishes and cooking techniques and experimented with pairing unexpected, surprising ingredients. We taste, change the seasoning or preparation technique until we craft a perfect plate, down to every drop of precious Istrian olive oil. Every dish on the menu is a precise little cooking miracle. Close your eyes. Focus on the flavours and aromas and enjoy the mastery of our team.
- OUR STORY -
“The food at Spinnaker is tailored to food adventurers. One plate at a time, we crafted a menu that piques curiosity and titillates the taste buds, inviting guests to Spinnaker on an adventure beyond known flavours and aromas. Each bite is an unforgettable memory.”
News & Awards
Best Restaurant in Croatia 2019 – Tourism Flower – Quality for Croatia
2 toques in 2018. Gault & Millau
Istrian Tourist board Special Award in 2018. for advancement of the restaurant culture
Recommended by Venezie a tavola and Istra Gourmet guides
Contact & Location
On Poreč waterfront, within Valamar Riviera Hotel 4*
Obala Maršala Tita 15, Poreč
Working hours
Opens at 12.00 until 22.00
Call +385 52 400 804
or email spinnaker@valamar.com
PERSONAL DATA INFORMATION:
Personal data controller: Valamar Riviera d.d., Republic of Croatia, Poreč, Stancija Kaligari
Purpose: When submitting a query, please provide your data so we can make a restaurant reservation
Legal basis: The consent you provide by clicking the "Send" box.
Your rights: You can ask for access to, modification or correction of your personal data at any time free of charge, you can request data transmission (the right to portability) as well as erasure or restriction of processing of your personal data (the right to be forgotten) via the email address: support@valamar-experience.com. You also have other rights prescribed by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679. Revoking the consent shall not affect the legality of the processing that was based on the consent prior to its revocation.
Information contact: spinnaker@valamar.com
Personal data protection policy:
Controller's contact for data protection complaints: dpo@valamar.com
I confirm that I am aware of my right to lodge a complaint to the supervisory authority.Luke 7:18-35
English Standard Version
Messengers from John the Baptist
18 (A)(B)The disciples of John reported all these things to him. And John, 19 calling two of his disciples to him, sent them to the Lord, saying, “Are you the one (C)who is to come, or (D)shall we look for another?” 20 And when the men had come to him, they said, “John the Baptist has sent us to you, saying, ‘Are you the one (E)who is to come, or (F)shall we look for another?’” 21 In that hour (G)he healed many people of diseases and plagues and evil spirits, and (H)on many who were blind he bestowed sight. 22 And he answered them, “Go and tell John what you have seen and heard: (I)the blind receive their sight, the lame walk, (J)lepers[a] are cleansed, and (K)the deaf hear, (L)the dead are raised up, (M)the poor have good news preached to them. 23 And blessed is the one who is (N)not offended by me.”
24 When John's messengers had gone, Jesus[b] began to speak to the crowds concerning John: “What did you go out (O)into the wilderness to see? (P)A reed shaken by the wind? 25 What then did you go out to see? A man dressed in soft clothing? Behold, those who are dressed in splendid clothing and live in luxury are in kings' courts. 26 What then did you go out to see? (Q ((S)When all the people heard this, and (T)the tax collectors too, they declared God just,[c] (U)having been baptized with (V)the baptism of John, 30 (W)but the Pharisees and (X)the lawyers (Y)rejected (Z (AA)eating no bread and (AB)drinking no wine, and you say, ‘He has a demon.’ 34 The Son of Man has come (AC)eating and drinking, and you say, ‘Look at him! A glutton and a drunkard, (AD)a friend of tax collectors and sinners!’ 35 Yet (AE)wisdom is justified by all her children.”Read full chapter
Footnotes
- Luke 7:22 Leprosy was a term for several skin diseases; see Leviticus 13
- Luke 7:24 Greek he
- Luke 7:29 Greek they justified<<In 1634, at a deep bend in the Connecticut River, John Oldham and nine other adventurers from Watertown, Massachusetts were welcomed by the Wongunk Indians, anxious to trade beaver pelts. Marsh hay in the low meadows and the rich alluvial soil soon attracted settlers who planted their farms on the broad terrace above the River. The surrounding forest gave up timber for houses, and the town was laid out with a Common alongside the present Cove. The settlers named the town Wethersfield. At that time it included the parishes of Rocky Hill to the south, Newington to the west, and Glastonbury to the east, across the river, where they pastured their livestock.
The Connecticut River was integral to the development of Wethersfield’s prosperity and growth as a town. The river was far too shallow for large trading vessels to sail above Wethersfield, making the town the farthest shipping port into interior Connecticut. In 1649 Thomas Deming built the first Connecticut Colony’s vessel, the Tryall, in today’s Cove. Goods from the West Indies, Britain, Portugal, the Mediterranean, Ireland, South America and the northeastern ports of Boston and New York were all being exchanged at Wethersfield. Six warehouses lined the bank of the river ready to store goods for trade. Wethersfield was a bustling shipping center; not only was the trade beneficial to merchants, but also local farmers were able to sell to faraway places items such as wheat, Indian corn, peas, rye, wool, flax, flaxseed, hemp, salt beef, salt pork, shipbread, barley, apple cider, cornmeal, flour and, of course, onions.
The now famous red onion was especially developed for trade and today remains a symbol of the town’s roots in an agricultural past. According to Samuel Peter’s 18th century story, the Onion Maidens were the young women who earned money for silk dresses by weeding and hoeing the onions while the men pursued other tasks. Flax for seed, spear grass for bonnets, broom corn and garden seeds were also raised in support of local industries.
The Connecticut River was one of Wethersfield’s greatest assets, but everything changed when a flood occurred in 1692 that altered the course of the river, shifting its course to the east and sweeping away all but one warehouse. The most drastic change was that the deep water shipping port was transformed into a Cove, closing off commerce and allowing a newly deepened riverbed to Hartford. The Cove, as it is now today, became obsolete for commerce and was transformed into a place of recreation. Wethersfield was still able to remain active in waterway commerce by shifting its port out along the river to the Stepney section of town, now Rocky Hill. Wethersfield remained active in shipping into the 1800s and many of the historic homes in town bear the names of early sea captains.
Industrial progress persisted regardless of the lack of water power with the employment of windmills and dams to process grain and cloth, and, in the Griswoldville section of town, to manufacture edged tools and run spindles. Agriculture remained the dominant lifestyle and export with farms and fields persisting into the 20th century. Rural Wethersfield became a refuge for workers in Hartford’s shops and offices and the Cove provided a recreation spot. The same broad terrace that attracted early farmers provided choice sites for the residential developments of the 1920s that introduced a suburban character to the Town. In the 1950s, ribbons of highway tied Wethersfield to Hartford, the Insurance City just minutes away.
Today, the meadows are preserved, as are the houses in Connecticut’s largest historic district. The 1764 brick First Church continues to monitor the crossroads near the ancient burying ground, and the Cove still invites contemplation. Old country roads and new highways connect visitors to any destination, making Wethersfield the crossroads of Connecticut.
We extend to you a warm welcome, just as the Wethersfield community welcomed George Washington and John Adams. We invite you to visit our museums, browse in our shops, enjoy refreshment in our restaurants and hotels…we think you will find the same hospitality that they enjoyed and we hope you’ll return often.
Wethersfield Historical Society, 150 Main Street, Wethersfield, CT, 06109
(860) 529-7656 or fax (860) 563-2609About Belfield Furnishings
Belfield Furnishings are one of Europe’s leading manufacturers to the holiday and leisure industries. Formed in 2002, Belfield Furnishings manufacture, wholesale and distribute upholstered furniture, soft furnishings, curtains, accessories, mattresses and beds.
Belfield specialise in contract furnishings, with a huge range of crib 5 fabrics sourced from across the globe. Bespoke furnishings projects are taken from initial proposal through to finished product, constantly innovating and working in partnership with customers to bring new creative solutions in design and manufacture. ISO 9001 & 14001 certified.
All of Belfield’s products are proudly designed and manufactured in the UK.It’s time to say goodbye to the Current Annual Ideas Book from Close to my Heart.
sent directly to you.
From the 1st August there will be a new Annual Inspiration Idea Book. Check back here then and I will share with you some of the new productsIts mid-autumn here […]
Who doesn’t love a brand new calf? […]
Montana Branding
A catch-up post of this springs branding and Montana skies.What Is a Vent Valve Solenoid?
A vent valve solenoid is an electromagnetic actuator used to remotely or automatically open and close vent valves used as pressure relief devices. The solenoid is a widely used actuator type consisting of a wire wound coil and a ferrous metal plunger. When the solenoid is activated, a suitably-rated electric current is passed through the coil creating a strong magnetic field around it. This field attracts the metal plunger causing it to move rapidly towards the coil, the movement being harnessed to open the valve. When the current is cut, the valve spring closes the valve mechanism and returns the plunger to its neutral position.
Vent valves are often included in pipe systems and pressure vessels as a means of relieving the internal pressure in the system. When the system is subject to working pressure, the valve remains closed, only being opened when the vessel or pipe system require venting to release the pressure. Many vent valves are manually-operated by means of a cammed lever or screw down mechanism. In applications where the valve is situated a long way from operator stations or where the environment around the valve or the contents of the system are hazardous, a remote solution such as a vent valve solenoid is required for obvious reasons. The same is true of unmanned applications or valves situated in small, closed spaces where the valve is inaccessible and required to open and close automatically.
One of the most viable methods of achieving this remote activation is the vent valve solenoid. Simple, effective, and reliable, solenoids are the obvious choice for a wide range of similar applications. Consisting of little more than a wire coil and a ferrous metal plunger, the solenoid is simplicity itself while producing reliable and surprisingly powerful activation motion.
In the case of a typical vent valve solenoid, the plunger will attach to the spring-loaded valve stem via a series of linkages. When an operator or an automated system sends an electric current to the solenoid coil, a powerful magnetic field is produced around it that attracts the metal plunger. This causes the plunger to move rapidly towards the coil, the movement being transferred via the linkage to the valve stem, opening it in the process. When the pressure in the system has dropped to the required level, the coil current is cut, allowing the valve spring to pull the plunger and valve mechanism back to the closed position. This resets the vent valve solenoid in readiness for the next pressure cycle.
Readers Also Love
- By: emel82A vent valve solenoid is an electromagnetic actuator used to remotely or automatically open and close vent valves used as pressure relief devices.
Discuss this Article
Post your commentsPakistan and India have agreed to strictly comply with all contracts, interests and ceasefires, along with the Line of Control (LoC) and all other sectors in effect from midnight on Wednesday. The joint statement said, “To achieve mutually beneficial and sustainable peace along the border, the two heads of military operations (DGMOs) have agreed to address each other’s key issues and concerns, which tend to interfere with peace and cause violence. , Represents the head of the military operations of the two countries. According to ISPR (Inter-Services Public Relations), DGMOs in both countries have discussed an established hotline contact mechanism. Both sides reviewed the situation in the Line of Control (LoC) and everything else in a free, candid and warm atmosphere, Radio Pakistan reported. They have repeated that existing hotline contact and border flag meeting mechanisms will be utilized to resolve any unexpected situations or misunderstandings. Military spokesman Maj Gen Babar Iftikhar said in a comment on a private TV channel, “There has been contact between India and Pakistan at the hotline level since 1987. DGMOs in both countries often maintain contact through this established mechanism.” Said. He said that since 2014 there has been a surge in truce violations following the LoC. “Both DGMOs agreed that the existing 2003 understanding should be embodied in character and spirit.” The two officials agreed to make it sustainable and expressed their intentions to take action on it, he said. He added that more than 13,500 ceasefire violations have occurred since 2003, killing 310 citizens and injuring 1,600. He said there was a big difference in the number of truce violations and casualties since 2003-2013 and 2014. “92{74ca91e3bee52d91843c282edd75c0800a88a3d8744a3a1c83b7ba867058fc3c} of the figures shared occurred between 2014 and 2021,” he added, with 49 women and 26 children martyred in the last four years. He said there were the highest number of truce violations in 2019 and the highest number of casualties in 2018. “After the understanding between the two countries, it was agreed to implement the 2003 ceasefire in text and spirit,” he said. In 2020, 33 civilians martyred, 260 wounded at AJK.In 2020, Indian forces committed more than 2,900 ceasefire violations across the LoC in 2020, 33 innocent civilians were martyred, and 260 were in various locations in Azad Jammu and Kashmir (AJK). I was injured. . “Although the world was hit hard by the 2020 Corona 19 epidemic, [the] The Indian army has not stopped the terrible practice of attacking our unarmed civilians along the division line. Referring to the UN vehicle shooting in the Poonch region on December 18, the Minister said, “We have targeted UN military observers this year, not only civilians, but also during routine surveillance missions along the LoC. Sharing the details of physical and material loss with Dawn, he said 16 men and 17 women were martyred. There were 260 injured, with 161 men and 99 women. The youngest martyrs were Adeeb Sudhir, 2 years old from the Neelum Valley, and the oldest were Jan Begum from the Bhimber region and Muhammad Bashir from the Haveli region (both over 75), he said. More information from Reuters
Pakistan, India, agree to strict compliance with all agreements and LoC: ceasefire under ISPR-World
Blindness of our Jewish Leaders? Still? Posted bydanielperekNovember :26 So they said to him, “What did he do to you? How did he open your eyes?” 27 “I already told you,” he answered, “and you didn’t listen. Why do you want to hear it again? Maybe you too want to become his talmidim?” 28 Then they railed at him. “You may be his talmid,” they said, “but we are talmidim of Moshe! 29 We know that.Exhibit A) A (mini) sheet of counterfeit LEGO® money. A six bill version of Printing Money I.
- Modelled on the size of a British five-pound note.
- Green tones lighter to closer resemble that of a dollar bill.
- )
Size : 30.4 x 25.4cm
Edition : Open
Paper : Giclée Hahnemühle German Etching Textured Paper..Jeff is a special example of the difference one teacher can make in the lives of his students, the life of a program and the development of the future of his industry.
For six years, Jeff has been an instructor at triOS College’s Hamilton campus, teaching Video Game Design and Development. For context, this is one of the campus’s most demanding programs, requiring students to delve into daunting subjects such as programming and physics. So demanding, in fact, that only a short time ago, Jeff had a class that was struggling with low enrollment and a high dropout rate—at one time even falling to only 2 students within the classroom. But although it became apparent that some of the program’s students had difficulty believing that they had what it takes to succeed in the industry, Jeff had no doubts.
He began to spend his time outside of class, assisting struggling students by providing private tutorial time, often for free. Students found they could confide in Jeff their personal struggles, and together they progressed towards a plan that works.
He also knew that some of his students were struggling financially and were simply hungry. He is always the first instructor to take the extra food from the staff meeting potluck to his students. Often, he spends his own money to treat the students to pizza, samosas, donuts and timbits. And occassionally he would just plainly buys lunch for students who he knew had not eaten that day.
To his students, he quickly became known as “that teacher.” The one who goes above and beyond in their passion for teaching in order to connect with his students in a way most simply cannot. He uses analogies that make sense to his students, and even the most difficult concept is made clear through his lectures.
In an effort to bring the real world to the students, Jeff brought in outside developers of both digital and physical games to have his students included in their testing and quality assurance sessions. The students not only had a blast playing yet-to-be-released games, but received hands-on experience with real entrepreneurs and developers. During these sessions, students were exposed to local professionals in a casual setting, and received invaluable knowledge. The exposure helped to motivate students to excel in their program and made them feel included in the industry even before graduation.
Jeff made great strides to rebuild the student population for the Video Game Design and Development program, and in only a year, it grew from only 2 students to 25.
But Jeff’s passion and spirit of philanthropy are not confined to the classroom. For four years running, Jeff has organized a charity gaming marathon for Extra-Life, an event to raise money for the Children’s Miracle Network (McMaster’s Children’s Hospital, specifically). Collectively, he’s raised approximately $2500 for the hospital.
During these fundraisers, he had his students help organize the work with him, and always included them in the amazing donations they produced. Jeff is the kind of teacher who can teach his program while demonstrating how to be a caring, contributing citizen in your community.
BRANTFORD, ON August 12, 2021 – Career Colleges Ontario, an association representing Ontario’s career colleges and their students, is thrilled to announce the appointment of […]What is education? It is an equal opportunity for every child and adult to discover the world they live in. Education has different sides and aspects: social, business, scientific – but all of them help to discover the human talents to apply in life. That is a true purpose of learning. The attitude towards education has changed a lot over the last years. Humanity has realized the importance of not only providing a chance for every person to learn and develop but also the necessity to take the quality and the measures of it to a brand new level.
In the age of rapid technological development, we cannot deny the importance of mobile devices and digital environment for learning and teaching in the future. Today we’re going to talk about the influence of technology on education and the future it has. Keep reading, as we’re going to discuss not only the way to write my coursework online but also the way to keep the whole process of education on a cloud.
So, let’s get started.
The Future of Education
Making computers and mobile devices affordable to the masses has changed not only the perception of technology but also the way we apply it in our daily life. What was unbelievable and unrealistic only a couple of years ago, has become common and normal today. The Internet was brought to companies, governmental organizations, homes, cafes, department stores, and the place we haven’t thought about in the context of a global network – underground.
The Internet has a special role in the development of technology in general. If it wasn’t for WiFi, how and why could we use computers for the purposes we use them now? Today is that period of time when we can easily use literally any mobile device anywhere and anytime we want to. A huge range of devices allows us working as well as learning anywhere we want with anybody we want.
Technology has done something that we couldn’t do before. It destroyed distances and limitations. It is not a problem for you, your friends, your family, and that other group of people on the opposite side of the world to communicate and learn simultaneously. It is even hard to imagine how powerful that is. Technology has changed our offices, homes, and classrooms forever. In terms of education, mobile devices and the global network have a specific impact.
Have you ever thought how the educational process is going to look like in a couple of years? Considering the pace and the growth of digital development it is quite difficult to do. The main goal here is to clearly understand what we want technology to do for schools and universities. Would it be something global like online education or just a couple of minor steps only, replacing ordinary things with digital elements?
What Can Education Look Like in the Future?
There are a few important innovations which will touch the future of education. Here are just some of them:
- Virtual reality remains one of the hottest topics for the last couple of years. Despite the fact that it has been around for more than 15 years already, now the ideas and the ways to implement it have reached a new level. Do you know about a simple, inexpensive cardboard which can transform your smartphone into a virtual reality tool? And now think about it globally. Using such technology in average schools can change the way we learn a lot of things
- 3D printing is the next big step which is not so much discussed as VR for now. Still, it is a revolutionary method, which can change the way of telling-showing the subjects students learn. 3D printing is already used for designing small elements in some schools around the world. But transforming it into a normal practice for every college can mean a lot for the standard strategies of education
- One more huge thing we can’t miss here is a cloud. Smaller businesses and huge corporations have already understood the convenience and the necessity of saving the critical as well as average data on a cloud. For students, it might mean a lot in terms of replacing heavy books and tons of papers they carry every day with them. A cloud can become the only way of providing data by teachers, accessing a student’s online papers and essays and giving an opportunity for them to learn without being physically present in a classroom
Online classrooms and cloud storage can become a turning point for the whole educational system in the world. Maybe this will influence providing more engagement in the educational process by those who will be learning online, doing their homework online, writing lab reports online, and taking recommendations from their professors in the digital form too. At the same time, it will be easier for a teacher to check how many hours students spend on education every day and whether they take notes or not.
Utilizing technologies at schools and universities is very important for the future generations. What we have today is mainly limited to online college or university courses, which you can pass additionally to your normal grade, and the system of business education, which is targeted for companies and organizations to upgrade the skills and knowledge of employees.
IT lessons and a couple of devices engaged in a learning process are not really enough. All of us have to think in which way to use technology to make education better. So, what’s the problem?
The main problem is the cost of transforming education we have into something digital, mobile, and advanced. It costs a lot of money to provide every student with at least one tablet at school, not mentioning the cost of replacing it if something breaks.
And the next thing which keeps the humanity away from digital education is a misconception that both older and younger students use mobile devices only to distract their attention to something else than lessons. But that is a huge mistake.
If implemented properly, technology can really improve not only the way of learning but the quality of education in the future.The global medical tubing market size is expected to be worth around US$ 25.36 billion by 2030, according to a new report by Vision Research Reports.
The global medical tubing market size was valued at US$ 13.9 billion in 2020 and is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of 8.0% during forecast period 2021 to 2030.
Get Sample Copy of This Report (Including TOC, List of Tables & Figures, and Chart)@
Medical Tubing Market (By Product: Silicone, Polyolefins, Polyvinyl Chloride, Polycarbonates, Fluoropolymers; By Application: Bulk Disposable Tubing, Drug Delivery Systems, Catheters, Biopharmaceutical Laboratory Equipment) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Revenue, Regional Outlook 2021 – 2030
Report Coverage
Growth Factors
Rising access to healthcare supplies worldwide, easy availability of cost-competitive medical-grade plastics, and increasing demand for medical devices that integrate tubing are the major factors driving the market. Increasing consciousness about Hospital-Acquired Infections (HAIs) along with increasing concerns about the spread of these infections are anticipated to boost the demand for disposable medical devices. Rising strategic alliances within the medical equipment industry across the globe are expected to drive the market.
OEMs demand medical tubing solutions that are easier to replace and reduce the risks of drug contamination and infection. A wide variety of specialized tubes, such as braided, balloons, and multi-layer, are introduced by key manufacturers to meet the varied requirements of end-users. Key manufacturers are setting up new manufacturing plants to increase the production capacity.
By Product Analysis
The Polyvinyl Chloride (PVC) segment led the market and accounted for more than 29.5% of the global revenue share in 2020. The increasing adoption of single-use pre-sterilized medical devices has led to the increased demand for PVC-based medical devices. PVC can also be sterilized using irradiation and ethylene oxide sterilization methods.
Polyolefins are highly used in diameter medical tube devices as they require materials with a unique combination of strength and flexibility.
Silicone is estimated to register the second-fastest CAGR of 7.7% from 2020 to 2030. Silicone medical tubing is used in medical implants, feeding tubes, and catheters where biocompatibility is important
The demand for polycarbonates is witnessing significant growth as they can be sterilized using all major methods, such as irradiation (both gamma and electron-beam), ethylene oxide, and steam autoclaving, which gives the device manufacturer broad flexibility in determining the most cost-efficient method for a product.
By Application Analysis
The bulk disposable tubing segment led the market in 2020 and accounted for more than 35% share of the global revenue. Bulk disposable devices include surgical instruments, urological products, syringes, and needles.
Catheters are narrow tubes composed of medical-grade materials that serve a variety of roles in medical applications. They are introduced into the body of patients to treat diseases or to perform surgeries.
The drug delivery systems segment is expected to register the fastest CAGR of more than 9% from 2020 to 2030. Various types of drug delivery systems, such as injectable, respiratory, and connected drug delivery systems, use medical tubes to deliver the drugs to the target location.
The demand for diagnostic equipment is experiencing fast-paced growth to detect and mitigate diseases in the initial stages. Pneumatic tubes and blood collection tubes&equipment are expected to witness significant demand over the forecast period.
By Regional Analysis
North America led the market in 2020 and accounted for more than 37% of the global revenue. North America is anticipated to maintain its leading position throughout the forecast period as the U.S has kept its R&D tax credit low.
The well-established medical infrastructure and increasing healthcare expenditures are expected to drive the product demand in Europe. Steady demand for minimally invasive and diagnostic equipment, which use medical tubes, is also anticipated to boost the market growth over the forecast period.
Key Players
- Asahi Tec Corp.
- MDC Industries
- Nordson Corp.
- ZARYS International Group
- Hitachi Cable America Inc.
- NewAge Industries, Inc.
- TE Connectivity
- Freudenberg & Co. KG
- Spectrum Plastics Group
- ATAG SpA
- Saint-Gobain
- Bentec Medical
- Trelleborg AB
- MicroLumen, Inc.
- Optinova
- Vanguard Products Corp.
Market Segmentation
- By Product
- Silicone
- Polyolefins
- Polyvinyl Chloride
- Polycarbonates
- Fluoropolymers
- Others
- By Application
- Bulk Disposable Tubing
- Drug Delivery Systems
- Catheters
- Biopharmaceutical Laboratory Equipment
- Others
- Regional
- North America
- U.S.
- Canada
- Mexico
- Europe
- Germany
- U.K.
- France
- Russia
- Spain
- Italy
- The Netherlands
- Asia Pacific
- China
- India
- Japan
- Australia
- Singapore
-Each year the COMISS Network promotes Spiritual Care Week. It is an occasion to recognize the different disciplines who offer spiritual care to persons. The theme for 2019 is Cultivating Space. Throughout this week you will hear from CBF endorsed chaplains and pastoral counselors as they focus on this theme. Below is Part 2. Learn more about Spiritual Care Week at spiritualcareweek.org.
By Chaplain Inetta Reddell
Chaplain Inetta Reddell
Immanuel Kant is one of the most intellectual minds that has spurred me to stretch beyond comprehension.
Kant asserts, “In whatsoever mode, or by whatsoever means, our knowledge may relate to objects, it is at least quite clear that the only way all thought must directly, or indirectly, by means of certain signs relate ultimately to intuitions; consequently, with us, to sensibility, because in no other way can an object be given to us.”[1]
So, would it be a stretch of the imagination to assert that within many of our context of ministries the objects of our settings would be patients, clients, employees, their family, and the broader context thereof? If you concur with that premise, to add to that framework, I would assert what has disappointed me in my former context and observations, is while my system worked very hard at cultivating space and had some great incentives to invoke hospitality initiatives; there was still a huge disconnect, and there was still a great part of the population that was culturally desensitized.
Civility use to be the norm it ranked high on the scale of morality. In fact, it was just one of those expected behavioral adages one was expected to implore. However, today many are isolated and one on one communication has become a secondary source. In the interim, technology has become our primary focus and has forced many to use that as a shield to hide behind. Consequently, the culture has become evasive and complacent when it comes to teaching one another with the dignity, respect and sensibility individuals ought to receive.
It’s always been amazing to me how I observe colleagues attend meetings with one another and in fact sit shoulder to shoulder with one another and later pass by them in a corridor and an hour later that colleague will walk by the other without any acknowledgement whatsoever. If you’re guilty of that, I ask you why? I believe that it serves one no purpose in directly, or indirectly asserting discounting, dismissive and or demeaning decorum.
As I surmise, I know firsthand, my former administration went through a great deal of strides to ensure the employees at that fine institution had a place of welcoming and inviting hospitality and laid the indispensable groundwork as Kant asserts previously. It will serve individuals, me included to do their part to acquiesce and remember the golden rule, “Do unto others as you would have them do unto thee.” Luke 6:31
[1] Kant, Immanuel, (1996) Great Books: Transcendental Doctrine of Elements. Chicago, IL: Encyclopedia Britannica. p.13
Rev. Inetta Reddell is currently a Certified Educator Supervisory Student at Advocate Health System in Libertyville, Illinois. She is a Board-Certified Chaplain and has been endorsed by the Cooperative Baptist Fellowship since 2013.).All individuals need nutrients to continue great wellbeing. Truth be told ladies are frequently discovered inadequate in a few or the other nutrient. Nutrients are found in a great deal of nourishment material that we eat in our everyday life. Be that as it may, because of unfortunate way of life, a large portion of us nowadays do not eat right sort of nourishment and delude our bodies from basic nutrients. I make it a point to incorporate the same number of nourishment things, plentiful in various Vitamins as I can in my every day diet. I prescribe you to do likewise as it is powerful. I need to give you inside and out data about the individual nutrients and the nourishment that contain these nutrients in adequate sums. Every day nutrient portion for the ladies ought to in a perfect world include,
Nutrient An aides in keeping up great vision, sound cell layers and smooth skin it additionally helps in invigorating the body’s insusceptible framework and attaching the procedure of wound mending. It is additionally required for the arrangement of development hormone just as the bones. Not just this, Vitamin A likewise helps in maintaining a strategic distance from surrenders at the hour of conceiving an offspring on the off chance that you take it in sufficient sums during pregnancy. You can take Vitamin A from normally dim orange items like Carrots just as from dim green vegetables like broccoli. and check this out. sound. Meat is additionally an incredible wellspring of Vitamin B; hence various veggie lovers are regularly Vitamin B inadequate. Nutrient C is liable for keeping the skin energetic and sound. In the event that you take Vitamin C consistently, it can decrease the danger of loss of ligament just as diminish the pace of osteoarthritis movement. You can get Vitamin C through all citrus organic products, for example, Orange, Lemon and such. I looked into on Breast Cancer with some other famous researchers and found that those ladies who get satisfactory introduction to daylight just as Vitamin D are at a less danger of creating Breast Cancer in contrast with other ladies who are insufficient in Vitamin D.Editor’s note: The author of this commentary mistakenly attributes a quote to the report “True North: Goals for Denver Public Schools.” The quote actually appeared in an EdNews story in February 2012, three months before the True North report was published. We appreciate our readers pointing out this factual error.
Denver dad Michael Kiley says he will not support the district’s $466 million bond at the polls in November because he doesn’t trust Denver Public Schools administrators.
I think most Denverites want the best for our children and the best for our schools. We understand the stark reality that Colorado lags far behind most states in funding our schools.
So why would so many Denverites oppose the 3B bond to provide funds to Denver Public Schools for facilities and infrastructure? While we may be happy with our children’s teachers and school leaders, many of us have lost faith in the administration of Denver Public Schools.
The DPS administration has many critics. A+ Denver, a local citizens-based education organization, stated in its report True North: Goals for Denver Public Schools in May 2012 that the Denver Plan, DPS’ strategic plan, is in urgent need of substantial revision.
The report states that the district:
“…needs to have a strategic plan and a strategic vision for how it wants to improve the academic performance of the children in DPS..”
Unfortunately, Superintendent Tom Boasberg’s administration has led a school district that is leaving more and more children behind. Boasberg recently touted:
“The number of DPS schools that are meeting or exceeding standards on the SPF (School Performance Framework) continues to rise, with 10 more schools rated this year as Distinguished (Blue) or Meets Expectations (Green).”
But an analysis of 2012 SPF data expands upon those carefully selected results. An opinion piece published in EdNews Colorado, Voices: Watch the spin with Denver’s school ratings, highlights other findings:
“DPS essentially doubled the number of schools in the lowest category… there are 2,065 more students in these lowest category red schools now than a year ago. In fact, there are over 3,700 more students in schools in the worst two categories, and 235 fewer students in schools in the best category.”
Membership on CPAC committee raises more questions
The process by which planned bond projects were selected did little to gain the trust of Denverites. Some 74 members of the community were appointed by Boasberg to form the Community Planning Advisory Committee (CPAC). Only nine CPAC members were listed with “parent” as their primary affiliation. The public could speak at the start of CPAC meetings, but there was no dialogue allowed between speakers and CPAC members. The DPS administration says that DPS teachers and principals gave input early in the process, but no teachers, school principals or DCTA representatives were included on the CPAC.
The result, I believe, was that bond projects were selected more by the influence of the school neighborhood than by their objective importance. Some 53 percent of bond funds will go to non-traditional schools, but only 21 percent of DPS students attended non-traditional – or magnet, charter or alternative – schools in 2012, according to my analysis of the 2012 DPS bond. Our traditional schools have sweltering heat in the summer and serious over-enrollment, yet the DPS administration directs the majority of bond funds to non-traditional schools.
The prime example is the proposed Stapleton/Northfield High School at a cost of $38.5 million. Nearby Manual High School (four miles west toward downtown) and George Washington (five miles south towards the Denver Tech Center) have a combined 1,500 open seats, and Smiley Middle School (two miles west towards downtown) has 381 open seats. The planned location of the new school at E. 56th Avenue and Havana Street is four miles from Stapleton (all distances per Google Maps).
Most troubling is the disclaimer on the DPS administration documentation on the bond:
“Please note that all allocations for 2012 funding are preliminary and may be subject to change.”
In effect, DPS is asking taxpayers for a $466 million blank check.
The DPS administration has a history of poor financial decisions. As the New York Times documented in Aug. 5, 2010, in Exotic Deals Put Denver Schools Deeper in Debt, Boasberg’s mentor Michael Bennet, now a U.S. senator, pushed for a complex financial transaction to pay pension obligations. The article stated:
“Since it (DPS Administration) struck the deal, the school system has paid $115 million in interest and other fees, at least $25 million more than it originally anticipated.”
That $25 million could cover the cost of two brand-new elementary schools.
Opponents of 3B want the opportunity to make critical changes to the bond and put it back on the ballot next year. Our economic recovery is underway but not yet complete, so it is important that we only borrow money for the most critical projects right now. A bond raises property taxes and is in effect a flat tax that asks those with the least income to sacrifice the most.
We can have a better bond next year, so let’s vote against 3B.
About our First Person series:
First Person is where Chalkbeat features personal essays by educators, students, parents, and others trying to improve public education. Read our submission guidelines here.Power. These are used by professionals in many trades, including handymen, jewelers, and artists.What is a rotary tool?. While some rotary tools only have one speed, many models can operate at variable speeds.What types of rotary tool bits are there?
There are many accessories that are included in rotary tool kits or that can be bought separately. Depending on the type of project and the strength of the material, certain attachments are preferable. Listed below are some tasks and the tips needed.
- Sanding: A cylinder, or drum, covered with sandpaper fits onto the tool. As it rotates, the sandpaper spins, thus sanding the surface. It is easy to replace the sandpaper on the drum when needed.
- Carving and engraving: Either diamond drill tips or high-speed Dremel tips are used, depending on the type of material. When carving surfaces like aluminum, steel, and glass, the diamond tips are recommended, but the high-speed Dremel bits are better for more delicate substances like wood or clay. These come in a variety of tip shapes from pointy to circular.
- Polishing: Tips with a felt covering can polishing surfaces without ruining an objects surface. The felt can then be replaced when worn down.
-.
Larger rotary tool kits can include a flex shaft, a long flexible cord that fits onto the tip of the tool. The cord does not rotate on the outside. Instead, the movement is carried through the middle and out the other end of the tool where the tip attachments fit. This end can be held like a pen and offers more flexibility and control when working in tight spaces or with intricate designs.What is a cutting wheel?
For cutting materials with a rotary tool, a mandrel attaches onto the end of the tool. Then, a cutting wheel hooks onto the mandrel. This is a disc that is in a plane perpendicular to the rest of the tool and resembles a saw blade when the tool is rotating. Working at variable speeds, it can cut through anything from wood to metal, depending on its composition.- Description)'. Episodes from series two are: ' and 'The Expanse'. Episodes from series three are: 'The Xindi'; 'Anomaly'; 'Extinction'; 'Rajiin'; 'Impulse'; 'Exile'; 'The Shipment'; 'Twilight'; 'North Star'; 'Similitude'; 'Carpenter Street'; 'Chosen Realm'; 'Proving Ground'; 'Stratagem'; 'Harbinger'; 'Doctor's Orders'; 'Hatchery'; 'Azati Prime'; 'Damage'; 'The Forgotten'; 'E2'; 'The Council'; 'Countdown' and 'Zero Hour'. Episodes from series four...'
Show moreExecutive Producers: Rick Berman, Brannon BragaActors: Scott Bakula, Jolene Blalock, John Billingsley, Dominic Keating, Anthony Montgomery, Linda Park, Connor Trinneer, Mark Correy, Vaughn Armstrong, Gary Graham, Jeffrey Combs, Randy Oglesby
- Starring
- Scott Bakula
- Format
- Blu-ray
- Country
- United States of America
- Series
- Star Trek Enterprise
- UK Certification
- 12
- Based On
- The cult 1960s television series 'Star Trek'
- Region
- Region A,B,C
- Publisher
- Elevation Sales
- Genre
- Television|Science fiction
- Colour
- Colour
- Publication Date
- 18 May 2015
- Catalogue No
- BSP2637
- Edition
- Box Set
- Executive Producer
- Rick Berman
- Executive Producer
- Brannon Braga
- Duration
- 4410
- Year of Release
- 2005
- Number of Items
- 24
Star Trek - Enterprise: The Complete Collection (2005) (Box Set) [Blu-ray] [Blu-ray / Box Set]
2022 Volkswagen Atlas Specs, Problems, Length – Having a boxy design and also chunkily angled design, any 2022 Volkswagen Atlas offers friends and family-helpful traveler and freight area while not a lot of like a trace associated with a mommy-mobile phone picture. It isn’t really the quickest and the almost all fuel-effective middle of the-dimensions crossover, however this kind of main Volkswagen generates its actors through providing usefulness that may be challenging to do better than, plus a lithe chassis, deluxe experience relaxation, and comfy car seats for as long as several. Systems furthermore can take facility stage: the particular Atlas is usually obtained using the newest driver-aid engineering, infotainment screens together with highly detailed images, or even a stylish reconfigurable electronic measure group. A prolonged, transferable warrantee and even rates in which undercuts most of the segment’s most favored options are just about all more arrows on the Atlas’s quiver.
2022 Volkswagen Atlas Changes
Loved ones-pleasant interior area, an important easy structure from the control buttons, plus an overabundance for cupholders have the 2022 Volkswagen Atlas the helpful decision, actually amid other remarkably sensible competitors. And also, still another line with car seats which will easily provide genuine are living people happens to be an outstanding marketing characteristic. A interior design in the Atlas can be simple and even utilitarian-ideal for family members but significantly less and so regarding model mavens. Elements all through seem to be resilient but do not have the amazing excellent plus delicate-so that you can any impression plastic materials present in a few of the rivalry.
Regardless of what clip you end up picking, the particular Atlas happens effectively linked and able to captivate. The touchscreen display screen program is usually user-friendly and approximately as reactive as a possible normal touch screen phone. Bottom S styles include a 6.5-in . touch screen having Apple CarPlay and additionally Android os Automotive, some 6-loudspeaker stereo system, Wireless bluetooth cellphone and sound connection, in addition to a Usb 2 . 0 slot. Update to your SE nor SEL products plus the infotainment present will grow in order to 8. in ., about three extra Universal serial bus plug-ins sprout out of the middle system, and even SiriusXM satellite stereo as well as 2 further speaker systems pump motor the quantity.
The actual interior in the Atlas must support anything some sort of suburban family members may organize in internet marketing, plus there are many thoughtfully set storing nooks that will stash compact goods. Inside our take-on-baggage evaluating, any Atlas amazed us through tying or braiding with all the tremendous Honda Pilot. Some of us fit three in our hold-on suitcases regarding the next row for seating along with 38 after we folded away the other plus 3 rd lines.
It is great collision-check comes from both Countrywide Freeway Website traffic Safety Management plus the charity Insurance policy Institution pertaining to Road Safety produce the Atlas a good selection for defending residents out of real danger out on your way. Another covering for safety is produced by a pair of regular driver-help options and a lot more enhanced non-obligatory additional features. Crucial safety features consist of:
– Common intelligent unexpected emergency braking
– Typical frontward-accidents caution
– Obtainable adaptive cruise ship handle
2022 Volkswagen Atlas Engine
The Atlas is available using one of two motors-some 235-hp several-tube or possibly a 276-hp V-6; a 8-quickness programmed transmission can be conventional however all-tire commute is actually presented together with the V-6. Any V-6 can feel together with appears to be processed, transferring nary any shiver in the cabin. Even though the Atlas somewhat sauntered coming from absolutely nothing in order to 60 miles per hour within our screening-7.9 moments on an all-tire-get V-6 design together with 7.2 just a few seconds for the 4-tube entrance-tire-generate 1-out while travelling it all infrequently can feel underpowered; having said that, the actual transmission is occasionally poor in order to downshift for additional merging and completing potential. Moving to your Sport setting up eliminates this issue however produces a different: any engine remains injury in place way too high with regular suburban-targeted visitors rates of speed.
Whilst it truly is much less enjoyment to get since the Mazda CX-9, any Atlas does respond obediently that will directing advices and do not believes clumsy. It can be created on the road plus believes nimble within the city. Trip comfort and ease is actually easy, and many types of nevertheless the toughest potholes are generally consumed and even dispensed by using. The actual Atlas’s fuel-economic system reviews are certainly not groundbreaking because of this class involving major-field spouse and children haulers, nonetheless its authentic-planet performance isn’t really considerably off of out of the segment’s fuel sippers. The two V-6 plus the three-tube products bested their specific EPA reviews inside our 200-distance freeway fuel-economic climate evaluation; a V-6 Atlas went back 24 miles per gallon as well as the three-tube version sent 27 miles per gallon.
2022 Volkswagen Atlas Price and Release Date
– S: $31,890
– SE: $36,490
– SEL: $42,390
2022 Volkswagen Atlas has gotten this retain-it-straightforward-mindless technique simply by restricting how many big solution communities and concentrating preferably for a few different trims (S, SE, and even SEL), each and every utilizing significantly much more functions. We might choose a midrange SE cut, which in turn expenses over a admittance-point S version although gives some sort of smorgasbord with accessories that people feel are value ponying upwards with regard to, such as a 3.6-liter V-6 engine, keyless ignition by using inactive admittance, warmed up leading car seats along with electrical power modifications to the driver, some kind of 8.-inches touchscreen display screen infotainment method, along with a couple of extra Usb 2 . 0 plug-ins.While I saw this out last week, I decided to wait until after Halloween to share the adorable new holiday merchandise at Disney parks. Disney didn't disappoint this year with all of the merchandise. Let's see what Disney Parks Blog shared. It’s the most wonderful time of the year at Disney Parks! Holiday merchandise … Continue reading Unwrap New Holiday Merchandise Now Available at Disney Parks
Tag: holidaysDirector Admissions Office sentenced by Court of First Instance
WILLEMSTAD - Esther R. Cheri (Curaçao, 1965) was sentenced to a community service for the duration of 100 hours and for the period of two years relieved of her office as director of Admission Organization Curaçao (TO). This is the culmination of the Valencia case.
Cheri has been declared guilty of misuse of function, human smuggling, incorrect data provision, failure to provide data and co-perpetration of forgery. According to the Court of First Instance, these are serious matters in her capacity as Director TO.
The Court of First Instance took account of the fact that she did not come into contact with the judicial authorities when determining the modalities and penalties. Moreover, according to the Court of First Instance, it is plausible that this conviction will have a major impact on the person and career prospects of the suspect. This means that the Court will not impose imprisonment. The Court considered appropriate and provided for a community service.
In this case, the public prosecutor has demanded a sentence of 12 months in prison, of which 6 months are conditional and 3 years removed from office.
The Public Prosecution Service (OM) Curaçao will now study the verdict but is also satisfied that the judge has found the behavior of the suspect impermissible. According to the case officer, she had an exemplary function at TO, which she did not realize. Abuse of function should not be tolerated in our community, according to the case officer.
The Public Prosecution Service has two weeks to possibly make an appeal in this case.Mr. Nelson received his Master of Engineering degree in Reliability Engineering from the University of Maryland and his Bachelor of Science degree in Aeronautical Engineering with Merit from the United States Naval Academy. His responsibilities include accident investigation and reconstruction; machine, equipment, vehicle component, and mechanical failure analysis; and analyses involving marine vessel component failures and boating incidents.
Prior to joining S-E-A, Mr. Nelson spent over seven years as a marine engineer working for a naval architecture firm primarily supporting the U.S. Coast Guard’s boat forces. His responsibilities there included mechanical and electrical marine engineering design and acquisition support, technical analyses, failure and accident investigation, warranty issue validation and resolution, operations and training program development, maintenance program and procedure development, and field installation and testing of craft equipment and systems. Areas of focus included auxiliary, electrical, electronics, hull, human factors, mechanical, piping and pumping, propulsion support and control, and propulsion systems, among others. Mr. Nelson also worked for two years as a project engineer supporting the design, installation, maintenance, and operation of a joint command center overseas, responsible for mechanical, electrical, and electronic systems.
Mr. Nelson is a licensed professional engineer (P.E.) in the District of Columbia, Maryland, New York, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and Virginia. He is also a member of the American Boat and Yacht Council (ABYC), the International Association of Marine Investigators (IAMI), the Society of Naval Architects and Marine Engineers (SNAME), the Mid-Atlantic Mariner’s Club, the National Society of Professional Engineers (NSPE), the National Association of Professional Accident Reconstruction Specialists (NAPARS), and the Society of Automotive Engineers. He is an ABYC Certified Master Marine Technician, previously held a NAVSEA Reliability Centered Maintenance (RCM) Level II Certification, and is an IAMI Certified Marine Investigator (CMI). Mr. Nelson has provided expert testimony in courts of law.
Test
795 Cromwell Park Drive,
Suite N
Glen Burnie, MD 21061
(410) 766-2390
(800) 635-9507I make this delicious hummus recipe every week because it’s so quick to throw together and it is a wonderful snack option to have on hand. Traditionally, hummus is made with tahini, a condiment made from sesame seeds. Unfortunately, when I consume sesame seeds, I get a rash. So, I had to live a sad, hummus-free life until I realized that sunflower seeds make a great substitute. if you’re like me and can’t eat tahini, or if you just don’t have tahini on hand, try sunflower seeds for a delicious alternative. I promise you won’t notice a difference.
Hummus Recipe
- 2 cans of garbanzo beans, rinsed
- 1/4 cup olive oil
- 1/3 cup raw or roasted unsalted sunflower seeds
- 2 Tbsp water
- 6 tbsp fresh lemon juice
- 1.5 tsp kosher salt
- 1/2 tsp cumin
- 1/2 tsp turmeric
Instructions:
- Place all ingredients in a blender and blend until smooth.
- Taste and adjust seasonings if necessary.
- Serve with chips or raw veggies.
If you want to elevate your hummus, top with a mixture of sliced tomatoes, cucumbers, kalamata olives, whole garbanzo beans, basil, feta and smoked paprika.
Happy snacking!
XO, Sam
1 comment on “Homemade Hummus”
Got to try this. Thanks my sweet girlsDoes low birth weight always result to physical and mental growth problems?
I just gave birth to a baby girl at 2472 grams @39th week + 3days (Height 44.1 cm, Head circumference 31 chest 29.8) She is very hungry baby and is growing at phase of 30g + a day. She looks very symmetrical and doctors told us she doesn't have any problem besides an extra thumb and ear pit. But further researching about Low birth weight gives me anxiety and sadness (I've been crying for the past few days). While researching about IUGR and low birth weight , I learned about hypoplastic babies which are babies small in size but very proportional are babies that may have physical and mental growth problems in the future. Me and my husband cries everyday because we want a very bright future for my baby. We are scheduled next week for checkup for the polyductyly and possible problems so I can only search the internet right now. I hope I can connect with parents with similar problem.
- Breathe, mama. While having IUGR does slightly increase the risk of developmental delays, most IUGR babies go on to catch up in growth and develop totally normally. My younger son had symmetric IUGR and was 1440 grams at 34 weeks and had severely restricted blood flow from the placenta that was diagnosed at 28 weeks. He’s now almost 4 and completely on track or ahead in his development. He just started preschool in August and his teacher told me a couple weeks ago that he already knows most of the material that he’ll be expected to know in the first quarter of kindergarten. Keep an eye on things, but chances are your baby will be just fine.
- Megs238 said:Breathe, mama. While having IUGR does slightly increase the risk of de…Hello Megs238, Thank you for the very the kind words. Which category of IUGR is your baby? I still don't understand many thing abouts IUGR but right now I know that baby can be malnourished or hypoplastic (malnourished being on a safer side). Edit: I didn't read some part of the comment. Sorry for my redundant reply. Thank you for the time telling me about your sons growth.
- sPosted 11/19/21My oldest was born at 38 weeks and was 5lb 9.5oz so similar scenario. She is a sassy smart almost 3 year old who cracks me up everyday. She is tall for her age (thanks to my hubby's side) and so her weight/height ratio is 2% on the growth chart. She eats great and has met all milestones. I know it's easier said than done but try to not think about it too much and enjoy your precious girl. Just to ad she was very proportional with her head measuring small as well.
- Shellbell1234 said:My oldest was born at 38 weeks and was 5lb 9.5oz so similar scenario. …Thanks for the encouraging words Shellbell1234, your words gave me smile. I am happy for your daughter's milestones!
- aLast edited 11/20/21My daughter was born at 36+5 weighing only 3 lbs 6 oz. She is now 6 months old and we recently had her developmental checkup. Her adjusted age at the appointment was 5 months 12 days and she scored in the 6-7 month range for development in all areas. Just because they are restricted in utero doesn't mean they will be delayed. These babies are fighters and can catch up! She is now 13 lbs and a smart, sweet baby with zero issues besides "being small" if that is even an issue. Stay strong and know you aren't alone💞 Your daughter is beautiful!!
- aPosted 11/20/21Forget to add pictures!
- AmyRaebaby3 said:My daughter was born at 36+5 weighing only 3 lbs 6 oz. She is now 6 mo…Hello AmyRaeBaby3, Your input gave me strength. Thank you. Btw your daughter looks so cute <3. I am happy for your daughters development !
- LacerSpacerGroup OwnerLast edited 11/25/21The vast majority of IUGR babies grow and develop normally after birth, but some don't. It's not so much to do with symmetrical (hypoplastic) vs. asymmetrical (malnourished). It's more about what caused the IUGR, when, and for how long... plus a bit of random luck. My IUGR kiddo was 2.0 kg at 35 weeks 6 days and was asymmetrical. He's had extensive genetic testing and no genetic cause has been found. He's 8 years old now and continues to learn and grow more slowly than typically developing children. He's way below the 1st percentile (15.8 kg) and has a long list of neurodevelopmental differences, including autism, mild cerebral palsy, learning disabilities, language disorder, and more. He's also happy, kind, affectionate, and really freaking cute ;) Even though his life has been different than I imagined it would be before he was born, he brings such joy to our family; it's honestly incredible how awesome he is. He's really doing great. Life is good.
End of commentsThere space 6 methods to get from Texas come Hawaii by plane
Select one option listed below to check out step-by-step directions and to compare ticket prices and travel time in chrischona2015.org"s travel planner.
You are watching: How far is hawaii from texas
Dallas/Ft.Worth (DFW) come Kahului (OGG) flights
The trip time in between Dallas/Ft.Worth (DFW) and also Kahului (OGG) is around 11h 10m and covers a street of roughly 3727 miles. This includes an median layover time of roughly 1h 55m. The fastest trip normally takes 8h. Solutions are operated by American Airlines, unified Airlines, Delta and others. Frequently 200 flights run weekly, back weekend and also holiday schedules deserve to vary so check in advance.
discover all travel choices
The schedules shown below are for the next easily accessible departures.
Dallas/Ft.Worth (DFW) to Kahului (OGG) trip schedules
American airlines
American Airlines, Hawaiian airlines
American airlines
Travel within joined States
domestic border crossings may be topic to approval, testing and quarantine
COVID-19 aid in unified States
If you need help, visit the nationwide COVID-19 website or contact the COVID-19 Helpline 800-232-4636
Domestic travel is not restricted, but some problems may applyFace masks are recommendedThere is a society distancing necessity of 2 metresDomestic border crossings might be subject to approval, testing and quarantinecheck out travel options
Make yourself known to an main member of staff and/or contact the nationwide coronavirus helpline number ~ above 800-232-4636.
last updated: 27 Oct 2021 Exceptions might apply, for full details: Centers for an illness control and prevention (CDC). We"re working approximately the clock to carry you the recent COVID-19 take trip updates.This information is compiled from main sources. To the ideal of ours knowledge, that is correct together of the last update.Visit chrischona2015.org travel advice for general help.
The cost-effective way to acquire from Texas come Hawaii is to fly, which prices $260-$360 and takes 9h 15m.
much more details
The quickest method to obtain from Texas to Hawaii is to fly which prices $270-$850 and also takes 9h 1m.
See more: Draco Malfoy And Harry Potter Kissing, Tom Felton Laments Draco'S Kiss
much more details
The quickest flight from Dallas/Ft.Worth Airport to Kahului plane is the direct flight i beg your pardon takes 8h.Aunt Julia and the Scriptwriter
Issued into the second batch of Faber Modern Classics, launching in April 2015
2 in stock
We are temporarily only able to ship Faber Shop orders to addresses in the UK..
Browse a selection of books we think you might also like, with genre matches and a few wildcards thrown in.Speckled Hope Quilt
Exclusive to Authorized Vac and Sew
This quilt commemorates and celebrates how we have come together to make the Central Valley a safe area to shelter-in-place in 2020-21.
Below are links to tutorial videos on making ALL 9 of these beautiful blocks named after our central valley towns –
Fresno, Clovis, Hanford, Madera, Sanger, Visalia, Kingsburg, Lemoore and Reedley.
This special quilt is perfect for a beginner, as it focuses on the basic steps of quilting.
All of your blocks have been precisely cut so there is no cutting required.Wooww!! Can you believe it? Online resources to learn Spanish for free? Yes, it is possible and I am very happy to share with you these resources where you can learn and improve your Spanish.
Sometimes we have the initiative to learn but not the money to pay for some courses and that can be frustrating for some, more in the case of the students that it will always be very good to learn 1 or 2 foreign languages to have more options in the job market.
But there is good news, the courses I am going to share with you can be taken for free.
1. Spanish lessons at Coursera
One of the main advantages of using these courses is the possibility of finding courses for different real-life situations. You will learn basic vocabulary and everyday phrases.10:00Where to see bonfire and fireworks displays
13:00MP launches annual Christmas toy appeal
13:00Fire and mountain rescue services sign up for partnership
12:55VIDEO: Many fond memories for retiring organist
09:28Landmark North of Tyne devolution deal becomes law
09:39Duke and Duchess' attic sale raises Â£100k to help preserve Alnwick Castle archives
09:32Duke and Duchess' attic sale raises Â£100k to help preserve Alnwick Castle archives
09:28Landmark North of Tyne devolution deal becomes law
09:32Duke and Duchess' attic sale raises Â£100k to help preserve Alnwick Castle archives
06:00Community rallies round after village shop break-in
13:00Research on business at risk of insolvency
13:00Migrating salmon get a helping hand to reach spawning grounds
13:00Memories of men lost amid carnage from the Great War
13:00David joins house firm
13:00Forestry student is apprentice of the year
13:00NATURE NOTES: New arrivals for winter as the nights draw in
13:00Wild Weekend celebrates just what generosity can achieve
13:00New play park equipment in Seahouses
13:00A double dose of success for growing technology firm
13:00Awards praise staff for a job well done
13:00Prison remembers RAF history
13:00Empowering more patients with a new dose of realistic medicine
13:00Can you help to give Kiki a new home?
13:00Girl power as Sally named as a new equity partner
13:00Friends raise cash for hospital
13:00Share your views on the development of the town
13:00First public memorial to villages' war dead
10:00Retirement beckons for Sue
10:00Have your say on village 20mph speed limit
06:00Cancer diagnosis sees dog hols boss Tina em-bark on a new career
06:00Team zips across the River Tyne to raise hospice funds
07:00ENERGY: Time for coal has passed
15:07Time to dispel festival litter myth
13:50Poignant play reflects our country and families during the Great War
12:59Fiery sunset at Holy Island is topsBritney Spears
- Posts 3,263
- Updates 18 hours ago
My thoughts and prayers go out to so many people in this world at the moment. The news is horrific especially in the HEART LAND of Louisiana … God will DEFINITELY throw us some curve balls to set us straight to make sure we are AWAKENED !!!! He is definitely getting our attentio...全文：
Warning : Making multiple requests while logged in with the same ID on different browsers can cause unexpected errors.On Friday, Salt Lake Tribune columnist Robert Gehrke spent his inches seeking to redeem Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill in the wake of allegations that Gill failed to protect at least four victims of sexual assault.
Gehrke imagines the women’s case is “politically motivated.” Quite the charge — and a red herring.
I take Gehrke’s concern to be genuine, but it prompts a serious question. Why is he so slow to recognize the political motives of Gill himself? Especially considering neither Gehrke nor The Tribune’s editorial board has ever considered Gill’s politically charged prosecutions — during election years — might indicate the very political motivation he critiques.
The relationship between The Salt Lake Tribune and Sim Gill is a long and unbalanced one, and it should be no surprise that Gehrke feels compelled to carry water for Gill, despite eight years of continual failure to perform.
In December 2013, The Tribune named Sim Gill its Utahn of the Year for pulling “back the sheet” on “abuses of power” – namely Gill’s investigations into former Utah Attorneys General John Swallow and Mark Shurtleff, and separately for ruling an on-duty shooting by West Valley City Police detectives unjustified. Months later, Gill eventually lodged criminal charges on all three — consistently collecting wide praise in The Tribune, without even an acknowledgment that perhaps, just perhaps, the charging decisions were calculated to benefit Gill’s re-election campaign that year.
When a district judge found Gill’s case against Detective Shaun Cowley did not even meet the simple test of probable cause, did Gehrke lead with an announcement that politician Gill had hoodwinked The Tribune?
Unfortunately, he did not.
How about when the cases against Swallow and Shurtleff failed? Surely The Tribune editorial board rethought its position and admitted that perhaps there had been political motivation which the board rewarded. Naturally, we might expect The Tribune to note that Gill’s political ambitions had strung too long a bow for his prosecutorial skill. After all, Gehrke was a crucial player in the investigation that forced John Swallow to resign. Surely he was dismayed to see Gill’s mistakes sink the criminal case.
Unfortunately, they did not.
I have political motives, and The Tribune has not been shy to note those motives in the past. I do not fault The Tribune or its editorial board for analyzing the political purposes behind headline stories. However, when the editorials consistently ignore the political motivations of the politician at the center of those same stories, while casting aspersions on everyone else, it raises the question of political loyalty in The Tribune editorial room.
The Tribune should stop carrying Gill’s water. He is an eight-year incumbent without a single successful program to back up his promises. There are fewer women in positions of management now then when Gill took over the office. Gill is such a hot-headed, politically charged boss that more than 30 percent of the office he leads has left in the past two years alone. Gill disciplined his human resources director for daring to surface that fact.
Don’t just ask cops — they are biased, maybe even politically motivated. Instead, ask prosecutors. Ask defense attorneys. Ask victim advocates. Ask firefighters. Ask judges. Ask the victims Gill has failed. Or are they all politically motivated as well? Does only Gill stand in the middle, unsullied by such base considerations as the political motivations that garner the political approval of institutions like The Salt Lake Tribune; motivations that have given him eight years of power and prestige, and the ability to reward his top political appointees well over a million dollars a year in salary?
It is far past time that The Tribune’s editorial board find a new political star to circle. I urge them to see past my blemished political motivations in urging them to do so.
Ian Adams is executive director of the Utah Fraternal Order of PoliceLeonard leads Spurs as they knock off Wolves again
Minnesota Timberwolves 95
San Antonio Spurs 101
The Minnesota Timberwolves lost to the San Antonio Spurs for the second time in five days Monday night, falling 101-95 in San Antonio, Texas.
1. Leonard's double-double lifts Spurs
Kawhi Leonard continues to develop as the leader of the Spurs. He scored 17 points and hit some big shots late to lift the Spurs; he also added 11 rebounds and three assists for a double-double.
Leonard's night helped keep the Spurs unbeaten at home, as they improve to 18-0.
2. Rubio droppin' dimes
Ricky Rubio scored just seven points, but helped to set up the Wolves' offense all night. He finished with 14 assists in the game, none were prettier than this one for Andrew Wiggins.
3. No answer for Marjanovic
At 7-foot-3 and athletic, the Timberwolves didn't have an answer for the Spurs' Boban Marjanovic. He was a perfect 7-of-7 from the floor and scored 17 points.
Tweet of the Night:
Wiggins scores his 2,000th career point.
Up Next:
The Wolves (11-20) host Utah Wednesday night at Target Center.Eat To The Beat – a new show with rock stars and appetizers
October 30, 2009
I … More Eat To The Beat – a new show with rock stars and appetizersIntermediate Thai Massage Course Nuad Bo-Rarn Level 2
4
Days
Open
Dates
Wassagase 6, 1090. Vienna
Where
Günther
instructor
Language
Share This Course:
Overview
Intermediate Thai Massage course Nuad Bo-Rarn is an Intermediate Level 2. Furthermore, the course expands on the techniques learned in Level 1. Besides, it covers the side, back, and sitting positions. Moreover, students learn many advanced yoga-like stretching movements for the whole body.
Students will have a substantial foundation for the major positions of Thai massage. Furthermore, students will be able to perform a comprehensive 1 3/4 to 3 1/2-hour Thai massage with level 1 & 2. This Traditional Thai Yoga massage course ends with an examination. Nuad Bo-Rarn Thai Massage Course procedure:
Daily practice and demonstration focus on side positions, back positions, and sitting positions. In addition, we learn the energy lines. In addition, we practice Yoga like position stretching techniques and twists. Furthermore, it includes many yoga-like positions. As well as acupressure, reflexology points. Also, students will learn how to use knees, the palm, thumbs, elbows, forearms, and feet. intermediate course who completed Level 1.
- A sequence manual will be provided.
- You will need a note pad, colored pens, highlighters, pencil and notebook to take important notes.
- We kindly ask you to perform a PCR or antigen test before entering classes and show it to our team of instructors before the start of the course.
- Our instructors are fully vaccinated.
Learning Path
During the first day of this Level II course you will learn the energy lines, foot massage, side bends in side position. Furthermore, leg stretches, torso stretches, sacrum work, hip joints, buttock. As well as energy lines of back, shoulder, shoulder blade, arms and hands. You will quickly begin to learn techniques and sequences, since our courses are based on Practice.
Lunch (1 hour).
The second day is 100% practical. You will learn the the back sequences. Our instructor Gunther teaches with an easy and entertaining method so you will always be motivated while learning. Focus is leg and feet, back stretches and energy lines on the back. In addition leg & hip stretches, acupressure points on leg and back.
Each day you will have time to practice with another partner while Guenther rectifies and teaches it.
On the third day you will feel much safer and you will be able to do almost 1.5 hours of massage.
Learn today the interesting sitting position. The forward bends, twists, accupressure points on the trapezius, skull, face, back and waiste. Also, neck, skull and face. Learn how to chop the back and neck. Today you will continue learning the Thai massage sequence in the sitting position and practice all positions..The Midtown Farmers Market showcases local agriculture, prepared foods, artisans, and crafters, while providing an opportunity for Midtown residents and business owners to discover regionally grown foods. Anchored in the heart of Midtown Sacramento, the market serves as a lively and fun gathering place where Sacramentans can come together to shop and enjoy a sense of community and incredible live music! We are 3 ½ blocks of everything from farmers to food trucks
This market it flourishing. It’s clear and apparent farmers are joining in droves. Must be well ran.
Midtown Farmers Market is the highlight of my week and a great way to start the weekend. The customers and vendors here are a great reflection of Midtown’s diversity. I appreciate all of the farmers at this market for helping to make fresh and local food accessible to our community.700,000 kids are abused in the United States every year. Millions suffer from neglect. Colorado has a plan to change that. The state created a confidential child-welfare tipline and asked Heinrich to drive awareness. Yeah, but. Coloradans don’t put their noses in their neighbors' business. And Heinrich’s research proved that people scroll right past sad stories. So we had to stop abuse and neglect without talking about abuse and neglect. Even trickier, Colorado is diverse. (Just look around!) Our messaging had to speak to all ages and economic classes in Spanish and English at the same time.
One cold February Sunday, a diverse group of Coloradans pulled up to a small local school. They thought they were attending a focus group on parenting. But once they were inside, we asked them to play a series of children’s games. Each game included powerful questions about personal values and hidden beliefs. We filmed the emotional reactions as these brave people realized their private concerns were shared by all parents, everywhere.
Video exceeded viewing benchmarks by
We exceeded click-through goals by
We had the message, now we needed the media. Because we had to reach English and Spanish speakers across a broad geography, including two Native American reservations. And there was an and. Every ad had to do dual duty, pointing people to our website for information and to our hotline to report a concern. Our media team responded with an all-digital, all-the-time plan that put users one tap away from either goal. Tactics got served cross-device in display, video, audio, search and social.
Our strategy did more than just drive calls to the hotline. More than just inspire people to visit the website. And way more than just spreading scare tactics. #CO4Kids became a rallying cry for everyone with a soul. We proved it doesn’t just take a village to raise a child, it takes a whole state.Training for senior mental health leads to be made available from autumn 2021
The DfE will offer schools and colleges a grant to pay for senior mental health lead training from autumn 2021.
While many schools and colleges already have a mental health lead, the knowledge and skills they have varies, and with mental health and wellbeing being a top priority for schools and colleges, our goal is to provide senior leads with the development they need to lead change and develop or introduce a Whole School or College Approach to wellbeing and mental health.
Grants will be available for up to a third of schools and colleges in England between September 2021 and March 2022, with the aim of all schools and colleges benefiting by 2025.
Further guidance is available here.
Please enter some content for your news story here.Take a look at what we have just brought in for you
There are no products matching the selection.
The S Series range of GU10 lamps from Goodwin. Certified for use with Lutron as well as other systems, showing a wide range of flicker-free and smooth dimming.
Incorporating a magnesium alloy heatsink for superior longevity and high performance from a GU10 lamp.
With CRI comfortably better than 90 and higher than 50 R9, it's difficult to find a GU10 that can provide this much high quality light with realistic colour rendering!
See what’s hot and new at d-lite
Mark Graham
Trixie Rawlinson
Brendan O'Shea
Tyler KenyonHow Solar Power Has Gotten So Cheap, So Fast
How Solar Power Has Gotten So Cheap, So Fast
Solar power has long been seen as something that's coming in the future — a promising technology that's just too expensive for widespread use. In the past few years, that has started to change.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Let.
Tell me about your house.
O'HAGAN: What do you want to know - where the termites live?
(LAUGHTER)
GOLDSTEIN: It's a nice house - not fancy. John's not rich, and he is definitely not getting solar panels to save the world.
Does the environmental part of it - is that meaningful to you? Does that matter?
O'HAGAN: Not really (laughter).
GOLDSTEIN: John is getting solar power because he's decided it's a good deal, which, until very recently, was not the case.
O'HAGAN: A few years back, I looked into it just for the savings, and every company wanted thousands of dollars.
GOLDSTEIN: Do you have a thousand dollars for panels?
O'HAGAN: That's why there are no solar panels on this roof till today (laughter).
GOLDSTEIN: John's getting solar panels today because three big things have changed. The first is the panels themselves. Just a few years ago, panels were five times as expensive as they are today. The reason for the falling price is written in little letters on the back of the panels going up on John's roof.
So what does this say? So it says Trina Solar, smart energy together, made in China.
What's important there is just the last bit.
Made in China.
A few years back, China got into the panel business in a big way - subsidized loans, lots of new factories. In fact, too many factories. When they all came online, there was this massive glut in solar panels. Prices collapsed, and they've stayed low, but panels are only part of the cost. You still have to pay people to put those panels on your roof. At John's house, there was a crew of six guys - four installers, two electricians. Every hour those guys are out there costs a lot of money. And this is the second thing that is changing. Installation is getting faster. Lee Kashishian works for SolarCity, the company that's installing the panels on John's roof.
How long is it going to take?
LEE KASHISHIAN: Four hours - yeah, I could say...
GOLDSTEIN: Four hours - so how long would a plain-vanilla installation have taken - I don't know - five years ago, 10 years ago when you got into the...
KASHISHIAN: This installation - probably about two days.
GOLDSTEIN: Two days.
KASHISHIAN: Yeah.
GOLDSTEIN: And now it's half a day.
KASHISHIAN: Half a day - it's very huge, very huge.
GOLDSTEIN: Part of the reason the time has come down so much is this new installation system that lets the guys on the roof snap the panels into place one after the other.
KASHISHIAN: And that first row is going to go up in - I don't know - two minutes.
GOLDSTEIN: Well, let's see. What time - what time is it? Let's see how long it takes.
KASHISHIAN: 9:59.
GOLDSTEIN: 9:59.
KASHISHIAN: You're on the clock, Bry (ph).
GOLDSTEIN: Two minutes.
The guys on the roof start rocking the panels back and forth, snapping them into place. Six panels later, the last one in the row is in.
So it's in - wait - it's in, right? That's it.
KASHISHIAN: That's it.
GOLDSTEIN: How are we doing? What time is it?
KASHISHIAN: Yup, we beat two minutes. We're a minute, 48 (laughter).
GOLDSTEIN: They figure they'll be done by lunchtime. So those first two things - cheaper panels, faster installation - means solar power is much cheaper than it used to be. But for a typical house like John O'Hagan's, it still costs a lot - somewhere around $25,000. And this is where we get to the third big breakthrough that's made solar take off - financing. John O'Hagan is not paying $25,000 to buy the panels. In fact, he's not buying the panels at all. The panels belong to SolarCity. John's not paying anything up front, but he signed a contract promising to pay SolarCity a monthly bill for the next 20 years. So quick summary - cheaper panels, faster installation, creative financing. And there is one other thing that's been driving solar power - subsidies from the federal government and from many states. For John O'Hagan, the decision to get solar came down to a really simple calculation.
So how much are you paying now for your power bill?
O'HAGAN: About $180 a month.
GOLDSTEIN: And so you're paying $180 a month. How much do you expect you're going to be paying in this?
O'HAGAN: It should come down to about $100-$110 a month. Once the switch gets flipped and these guys hook me up to the electric box, I'm all set.
GOLDSTEIN: If solar power really takes hold, it will be because of people like John. People who are doing it not to save the world, but just to save a few bucks. Jacob Goldstein,.In this segment of his Virtual State of the Union, the Virtual President talks about why politicians want to talk about gun control rather than crime control, and delivers the factual evidence and historical truths that make the case for the Second Amendment self-evident. [Created by Bill Whittle, 2013]
.
Half-day visit to Fatehpur Sikri
-
Hotel pick up/drop off
Entrance fees
English speaking local guide
Tips
Food and drinks
Pick-up from your hotel.
During booking, you will be asked to provide your pick-up address. Please confirm the pick-up place and time directly with the local operator whose contact information can be found in the voucher after booking.
- We recommend wearing suitable comfortable clothing
- Please bring your own bottle, sunglasses and caps
- Infants under 6 are not allowed on the tour
- Please note that this tour is available for a maximum of 7 people
- Daily at 8:30amשמלת כלה נוחה ומוצלחת היא חלק חשוב מחתונה טובה. Here are some things to consider if youre shopping for a wedding dress you can move freely in.
Wedding Dresses You Can Dance In Grace Loves Lace Maggie Sottero Wedding Dresses Mermaid Grace Loves Lace Bohemian Wedding Dress Lace
A flowy dress made of a lightweight fabric is sure to be comfortable enough to dance in.
Wedding dress you can dance in. Recent trends in wedding dresses show beautiful styles with comfort inclusions so that brides no longer need to face the struggle of finding the perfect dress that combines both form and function. Most dance schools have petticoats that you can slip on over your jeans to mimic the shape of your wedding dresss skirt allowing you to get a feel for any restrictions without ruining the surprise of the dress youve chosen. A picture of the ridiculous wedding dress.
Tee-length wedding dresses two-piece wedding dresses A-line skirts and skirts with side slits are all safe bets. Nevertheless it is possible. Purchase a different dress for the party.
Finding the right wedding dress can be quite a challenge especially when you are a bride who wishes to dance the night away on your wedding. You can also enroll in dance lessons before the wedding to increase your confidence. You Can Dance in a Wedding Dress.
You can change into a shorter dress right before the dances begin. They may look striking but many wedding gown styles restrict your movements making it hard to dance. That way youll know the moves to make-and the moves to avoid-on your big day.
For more information enquiries and to book a consultation please email using the form on this page or call 01245 290648. For example if youre wearing a mermaid wedding dress youll be taking must smaller steps because the dress is generally tighter around your hips and thighs. All we need is a few basic body measurements and we can create your dress and send it straight to you.
The bridal experts from Best for Bride in Canada have the following advice for brides on the search for the perfect dress that looks great is comfortable and can be danced. Introducing La Bamba luxury you can dance in. The first step is choosing the right dress.
Imagine Audrey Hepburn in Funny Face. So it doesnt matter how far away you are anyone can have their own Lucy Cant Dance alternative wedding dress. Since youre probably not going to get a lycra wedding dress you may want to try on some mermaids and see how much movement you actually get in them.
Its a good idea to ask the person doing your alterations to leave a little extra room for dancing - this is particularly important if youre having long sleeved wedding dress and want to throw your hands in the air and wave them like you just dont care. A wedding dress you can dance in. Here are some gorgeous wedding dress styles you can dance in Tea-length.
This is our most innovative and creative collection to date. Jan 7 2020 - Meet La Bamba - Our most innovative and creative Grace Loves Lace collection to date. If you are concerned about this a better option is light-absorbing matte fabrics such as crepe chiffon or tulle.
It might be useful to find a solution in advance when you want to groove on. May 7 2013 - To dance freely all night long and especially for your first wedding dance you need a dress to match your needs. I had a friend do a ballroom dance for her first dance and she wore a v-neck a-line dress.
Glossy wedding dress fabrics reflect light which might increase the sense of volume. Ultimately each piece comes from the heart and is designed and made with intuition and experience. A sensory bridal experience beyond your wildest wedding dreams La Bamba is Australian-made and ethically-crafted with love.
Many people tried to discourage me from doing a Salsa first dance with my husband because of the wedding dress. Shop the range online or. If youre wearing a big full ballgown and slow-dancing with your partner youll be.
If youre planning for your first dance you should definitely take your wedding dress style into consideration. You can wear your gown during your lesson so your instructor can teach you how to move properly and safely says Varsalona. How the dress fabric can slim.
Choose denser fabrics with more structure and support the best being those with a little but not too much stretch. As POPSUGAR editors we independently select and write about stuff we love and think youll like too. Our wedding dresses can be shipped abroad.
Another option is asking the bridal dress store whether it is possible to make a construction to remove the tow at the time of the. Krista and Kelvin Ramirez wedding choreographers and teachers at Your Night Choreo explain that whether your dress is form fitting ballroom or flowing it is important to let your choreographers know what kind of dress you are planning to wear so that they can create a dance that will compliment your dress not hinder it. This means your wedding dress allows you to look and feel like a princess and still be able to move around freely and even dance the night away.
Of course the type of skirt will impact how it feels to dance so we love to use petticoats during rehearsals to mimic the dress. When you choose your wedding dress it is important to look at the freedom of movement you have to dance. Know What Your Dress CanCant Do.
If you can walk in your dress you can dance in it says Donatas Nacajus of Ballroom Boutique Dance Company in New York City. After the Wedding Its the Afterparty 22 Dresses You Can Dance In. However we met in a Salsa dance class and were determined to do so and.
With a lovely full skirt for excellent twirling and a hem that stops mid-calf you will be free and happy in this style and still look feminine and classic. If you like both mermaid and a-line the a-line would give more room for movement for your legs. A BRIDE has been slammed for wearing a gown she cant walk sit or dance in after wedding shamers ridiculed her dress online.
While it may sound silly brides-to-be should practice dancing in their wedding dress and shoes. Take a look at our new meet the dresses page to have a look at our designs. Tea-length gowns are beautiful bringing to mind brides of a bygone era.
Wedding Dresses You Can Dance In Grace Loves Lace Video Video Wedding dresses Lace bridesmaid dresses Cheap wedding dress.
The Best Wedding Dresses To Dance In Wedding Ideas Magazine High Collar Wedding Dress Best Wedding Dresses Wedding Dresses
50 Photos To Take Of Your Wedding Dress Bride Wedding Dresses Wedding
21 Wedding Dresses You Can Dance In Onefabday Com Wedding Dresses A Line Wedding Dress Romantic Dress
Maya Wedding Dresses Sheer Wedding Dress Mermaid Wedding Dress
Off The Shoulder A Line Wedding Dress Cheap Beach Lace Wedding Dress In 2021 Cute Wedding Dress Wedding Dresses Ball Gown Wedding Dress
After The Wedding It S The Afterparty 22 Dresses You Can Dance In Casual Beach Wedding Dress Summer Wedding Dress Beach Casual Beach Wedding
Moonlight Collection Bridal Ball Gown Ball Gown Wedding Dress Wedding Dresses
Best 10 Gorgeous Ball Gown Wedding Dresses You Ll Love Bridal Musings In 2021 Moonlight Wedding Dress Princess Wedding Dresses Cute Wedding Dress
Pin On Wedding Dress Ideas Inspiration
Leonardtown, MD—Popular area singer/songwriter, Latrice Carr, returns to Leonardtown when she performs this Saturday, October 9, 2021, from 2 PM – 5 PM at the Port of Leonardtown Winery. Latrice will entertain the crowd with her sophisticated stylings of favorite adult R&B, gospel, jazz, pop, rock, and more during this FREE, family-friendly concert presented by the Leonardtown Summer Music Festival.
There is limited seating available on a first-come, first-serve basis (attendees may also bring a blanket or lawn chair and enjoy the concert from the adjacent Port of Leonardtown Park). Heidi’s Eats & Sage’s Treats food truck will be on location. The tasting room will be open for a sampling of award-winning wine and refreshing slushies. Please note that admittance for this concert is FREE and that food and drink are available for purchase. Overflow parking is available in the Hall’s HVAC parking lot on Rte. 5 (formerly the parking lot for the Leonardtown Maryland Antique’s Center and the Craft Guild of St. Mary’s County). A walking map from the overflow parking may be found at: VisitLeonardtownMD.com/LeonardtownMusicFest.
Come on out to Port of Leonardtown Winery this Saturday for an evening of wine and song, then be sure to join us for the exciting music festival finale when the Amish Outlaws perform in Leonardtown Square on Saturday, October 16th. The concert begins at 4 PM! For more details about both of these events visit VisitLeonardtownMD.com/LeonardtownMusicFest. To learn more about the Winery please visit POLWinery.com.
The Leonardtown Summer Music Festival is produced by the Town of Leonardtown and the Leonardtown Business Association and funded in part by the St. Mary’s County Arts Council.Hello,
I am using Generative Components Update 8 (Version 10.08.00.40). I can compile the C# Sample Solution and place the SimpleLineNode into the graph however, the SetElement() call throws an exception as per the attached screenshot. Has anyone else experienced this? Is there a workaround?
Regards,
Trevor
HI Trevor,
This is a known problem with the U8 Sample Solution file. As a workaround, you may use the old U7 Sample Solution file.
Thanks,
Anik
Does this mean that I need to downgrade my installation of Generative Components? Or is it just different project settings in the Visual Studio solution file?
Hello Trevor,
No you do not need to downgrade your installation. We have upgraded the Update 7's sample solution code to work with update 8. Please use the below attached code to compile the sample solution.
Please put this .CS inside the Sample Solution's folder and while opening the SampleAddin.sln file it should pick this CS too.
I hope this helps you to compile the sample solution.
// This file contains the definition of a new GC node type named SimpleLine. It is an extremely simplified version of GC's
// own Line node type.
//
// GC supports two distinct architectures for node types, differentiated by which of the two classes, Feature or Node, the
// node type is ultimately based upon.
//
// Feature-based node types are designed for generating new graphical elements into GC/MicroStation's geometry view. This
// class, SimpleLine, is an example: Its only technique, ByPoints, generates a new graphical line element.
//
// Node-based node types (we know, that sounds weird) are designed for non-graphical-element-based "utility" operations,
// which usually require a custom appearance and/or behavior in GC's graph. The Calculator node type, which is defined
// elsewhere in this project, is an example.
using System;
using System.Collections.Generic;
using System.ComponentModel;
using Bentley.GenerativeComponents;
using Bentley.GenerativeComponents.AddInSupport;
using Bentley.GenerativeComponents.ElementBasedNodes;
using Bentley.GenerativeComponents.GCScript;
using Bentley.GenerativeComponents.GCScript.NameScopes;
using Bentley.GenerativeComponents.GeneralPurpose;
using Bentley.GenerativeComponents.MicroStation;
using Bentley.GenerativeComponents.View;
using Bentley.Interop.MicroStationDGN;
namespace SampleAddIn
{
[GCNamespace("User")] // The GCNamespace attribute lets us specify where this SimpleLine node
// type will appear within GCScript's namespace tree (that is, the
// namespaces that are perceived by the GC user). This namespace has no
// relation to our C# namespace, which is (in this case) SampleAddIn.
[GCNodeTypePaletteCategory("Sample Add-In")] // The NodeTypePaletteCategory attribute lets us specify where this
// SimpleLine node type will appear within GC's Node Types dialog.
// So, it will appear within a group named "Sample Add-In".
[GCNodeTypeIcon("Resources/SimpleLineNode.png")] // The NodeTypeIcon attribute lets us specify the graphical image (icon)
// that will appear on the SimpleLine node type's button within GC's Node
// Types dialog.
[GCSummary("A line that connects two points in space.")] // The Summary attribute lets us provide a brief description of this
// node's intended purposed. The text will be displayed when the user
// hovers over our node type in GC's Node Types dialog.
public class Line_u7 : ElementBasedNode // All Feature-based node types are derived from the class type, Feature (or from some
{ // other class type that is, itself, derived from Feature.
// No explicit constructor is needed or wanted; the default constructor is sufficient.
// protected override void OnInitialized()
// {
// // Here is where we perform any custom initialization of this class instance.
// // (It is NOT necessary to call the base class implementation.)
// }
// One of the fundamental differences between the Feature-based node architecture and the Node-based node architecture
// is that, in the former, reflection is used to extract the technique names, the documentation, and the names and types
// of the inputs and outputs, directly from the compiled C# class. GC provides a number of custom attributes to provide
// more information to the that reflection process.
[GCDefaultTechnique] // Every technique method -- that is, every method that implements a technique of a Feature-based
// node type -- must be marked with one of the attributes [Technique] or [DefaultTechnique]. If a
// method doesn't have either of those attributes, then it's not exposed to the GC user; it's just
// an ordinary C# class method.
//
// (Only ONE method in the class may have the [DefaultTechnique] attribute.)
// The following attributes -- Summary and Parameter -- do not affect the functionality of this node within GC. They do,
// however, enhance the user's experience by providing documentation, which appears in various tooltip / flyover labels
// in GC's UI.
[GCSummary("Creates a line between a given start and end point, or a list of lines between lists of start points and/or end points.")]
[GCParameter("StartPoint", "Start point of the line.")]
[GCParameter("EndPoint", "End point of the line.")]
public NodeUpdateResult ByPoints
(
NodeUpdateContext updateContext,
[GCReplicatable, GCDgnModelProvider] IPointNode StartPoint,
[GCReplicatable] IPointNode EndPoint,
[GCOut] ref double Length
)
{
// The first argument of every technique method must be of the type, NodeUpdateContext.
//
// The remaining arguments will become the input and output properties that the GC user sees and manipulates.
//
// Specific to these particular arguments:
//
// - The [Replicatable] attribute denotes that, at the GC level, the value assigned to this property may be
// either a single item or a list. If it's a list, then this node will become replicated, and (therefore) this
// method, ByPoints, will be called multiple times, once for each item in the given list.
//
// (Note that, except in very rare circumstances, you'll never need to worry about whether the node is in
// singleton or replicated mode. You simply write your code to handle the singleton case, and GC takes care of
// the rest.)
//
// - The [ParentNodeScope] attribute denotes that, if this is a new instance of SimpleLine, it will be added to
// the same node scope (model) as that of the node given by this argument (StartPoint).
//
// - The interface type, IPoint, is implemented by various node types, such as Point and CoordinateSystem.
// Essentially, IPoint represents any node type that can provide X, Y, and Z coordinates. If, for some reason,
// you wanted to restrict this technique to take only actual Point nodes, you would simply change the argument
// types accordingly.
//
// - Together, the Out attribute and the "ref" keyword denote that this argument represents an output property,
// rather than an input property, of this technique.
// We start by checking the validity of the inputs. If necessary, we return a result that indicates which
// particular inputs are invalid. (Subsequently, the node will be displayed with an error badge and a tooltip
// showing the names of the invalid inputs.)
if (StartPoint == EndPoint)
return new NodeUpdateResult.TechniqueInvalidArguments("StartPoint", "EndPoint");
// Okay, the inputs are valid. What follows is the actual functionality of this technique method.
// 'SetElement' is a method of the Feature class.
//
// We can get an Element value by making an appropriate call to MicroStation.
Point3d startP = NativeDgnTools.ToComPoint3d(StartPoint.GetDPoint3d());
Point3d endP = NativeDgnTools.ToComPoint3d(EndPoint.GetDPoint3d());
LineElement element = ComMSApp.CreateLineElement2(TemplateComElement(), ref startP, ref endP);
SetComElement(element);
Length = element.Length; // Don't forget to assign a value to this technique method's "Out" argument.
return NodeUpdateResult.Success;
}
} // class
} // namespace
regards,Alifur
Answer Verified By: Trevor Watling
OK thank you. So for now, the SetComElement() methods need to be used.
Thank you for the prompt reply.
Yes the Update 8 build is having some issue with the new .NET api. We have informed this item to the developers.
Regards,AlifurCharacteristics of An Ultimate Rehab Center
Drug rehabilitation or drug rehab is an umbrella time period for the series of steps of medical and/or psychotherapeutic treatment for overcoming drug addiction. There are different Types of drug rehab programs offered, together with: residential therapy, local help groups, extended care centers, and out-patient.
In this article, I discuss in regards to the characteristics of an Supreme Drug Addiction Residential Remedy Center. As a consequence of principles for efficient drug addiction treatment of the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA), my expertise in working with people who have addictive behaviors, and my examine about rehab facilities all over the world, an Excellent drug addiction residential remedy middle has three characteristics:
Problem solving
Variety of programs
Efficient assist
Problem fixing
The first step of the way to get rid of the addiction is the problem solving. The fact that no individuals are exactly alike, they have completely different our bodies, beliefs, values, feelings, behaviors, and environments.
Accordingly, they will have completely different treatments.
Every plan of get rid addiction is custom tailored to fit the individual characteristics of every client.
Every particular person’s addiction is a particular problem that needs unique solution.
Every person who has addictive behaviors is a unique individual and that a successful gets rid from addiction relies upon a tailored plan strategy.
To enter with eyes closed and without problem fixing to a recovery program means stepping on the way of failure.
Number of programs
Each rehab center that gives more selection programs it has more capacity than the center that offers just one program.
Traits of an appropriate program together with:
To learn about addiction, detox, recovery, and relapse prevention plan.
Be flexible
It attends to a number of wants of the individual
Be monitored
Manageable
To learn coping tools and drug relapse prevention skills
Efficient assist
What’s an efficient support program?
An efficient assist program has characteristics:
1. It has a comprehensive program
To be efficient, support program should have comprehensive counseling that embrace medical, psychological, social, and vocational. It is usually necessary that this program be appropriate to the person’s need.
2. Adequate recovery size
The recovery from addictive behaviors is a long term process. The appropriate period of help will depend on the type of individual’s problem, wants, and shaping new habits. I’ve divided the addiction recovery into three levels; green stage, yellow stage, and red stage.
Within the green stage folks live in the rehab. Only a few individuals have relapse in this stage.
When individuals return home after a rehab program, the yellow stage will begin. If there isn’t an effective help program, some people will have relapses.
The red stage is when the people coping with disturbing events. If there is not an efficient support program, most individuals will have relapses. Without an effective support program, your rehab program becomes costly joke! Because, not only you waste your time and money, but, your self-steam will be damaged.
If you cherished this article and you also would like to be given more info with regards to rehab in austin tx nicely visit our site.No more days off!
You know, having an extra day off is supposed to be relaxing. Memorial day wasn’t relaxing at all. I got up early, and pushed the stroller to the parade. Then we ran home, updated and handled some of the administrative stuff for the comic strip then it’s off to a picnic. Back home, just enought time to mess up the comission I’m doing just before I finished it. Lost wallet. Off, pushing the stroller to another picnic, and back home to finish that piece of art and get the car gassed up and running again (it stalls constantly if I don’t turn the engine over every day or two. I guess I understand, I’d be pissy if I hadn’t been touched for four days too) so I’m ready for work tomorrow.
Seriously, I need a day off to recover from THIS day off.
Ugh.
But on the bright side, there will be new Violent Blue up Wednesday.
Happy Memorial Day!
Happy Memorial day everyone. I rolled Maddie up to the parade while Amy biked Lydia there this morning. I was pleased to see I wasn’t the only one in a Captain America shirt.
If you served, I thank you for doing something I wasn’t brave enough to do.
In other news, there’s a new Volent Blue up! Seems like there’s ben a lot of church related ones lately….
You can visit us here ;
I miss the days I actually LIKED Star Trek
SyFy is marathoning all the Star Trek movies. Nemesis is on right now. What’s really sad is that I’d rather watch Extreme Couponing on the next channel.
There’ll be a new Violent Blue strip tomorrow.
New strip; The Bibleman Adventure
I always thought there was more potential in this series, it’s a shame they never tried to play it as a straight action series. Instead they kept slashing the budget and making it more ridiculous
Visit us here at
In other news, I’ve also got a guest strip up at MattWL’s site Eleventeen. Go check it out; it’s in color!
Updates!
It’s Wednesday, that means new Violent Blue today!
Guest Strip on Frekin’ Awful Puns
I actually almost missed seeing this one go out! I love fourth wall stuff….
Violent Blue Updated!
New Violent Blue strip is up!
It’s interesting how much spirituality I heard In the new Pirates movie this weekend. There are Sundays I don’t hear as much about redemption and eternal life…..
I also thought it was really cool that the missionary was such a well done character. usually when you see a preacher in a typical Hollywood movie, he’s the serial killer. I liked that he really was the only heroic character in this movie.
They finally got a Pirates sequal right. The previous pirates sequals tried to bring back EVERY character from the previous films and just overloaded the movies. Enough to sink already weak scripts. This one however, they pruned down the cast significantly and really focused on Jack. They had great villians and a solid script. They still managed to leave it open for a sequal while creating a movie that stands on it’s own. With Dead man’s Chest and World’s End, you really need to see both movies and that’s just no fun.
3d did nothing for me. It actually distracted me more than enhancing the film. Otherwise, I really enjoyed the movie….and I especially enjoyed going to see it with my wife (but no kids).
Visit us over at
Superman 900
I picked up Action Comics 900 last weekend. In it there’s a short story (not even the main feature for Christ’s sake!) where Superman goes to Iran to participate in a peacful protest. He just lands and stands with the crowd for 24 hours then leaves. I thought that was just so cool to see. Great story. Sure the Iranian government got pissed and complained, then the US goverment felt the need to talk to Superman. Same as usual. I’ve seen this before, “Secret Identity” handled it really well. We saw some of that in “Salvation Run” too. Then Superman stated to the government agent that he was going to the UN to renounce his citizenship.
I felt like someone had just punched me in the face.
Those of you who know me – really know me, know how big a deal Superman is to me. It’s fairly visible, The floor mats in my car, the stickers and the steering wheel cover. The constant parades of shirts. The Money clip my Wife found for me. The stacks and stacks of comics, not to mention the drawings of my own. But it’s the character that fascinates me. The character that uplifts and gives us something to aspire to. This isn’t it.
Don’t get me wrong. You can have a global worldview, but that doesn’t mean sacrificing your personal culture, and Superman’s cultural heritage is far more American that alien. Who he is fundamentally is grounded in Pa Kent – and that’s nothing but American. “Superman : Peace on Earth” tackled these issues of mistrust as well, and what is notable was the realization that Clark Kent (in this case helping people reclaim farmland and plant crops) can sometimes be more effective than Superman. Clark the human, Clark the American. That’s at the core of my profound disappointment here. The action of renouncing his citizenship is antithetical to the character.
I have to question the motives at DC on this. I mean, it smacks of cosmopolitan Intellectualism, of people with such open minds that their brains have leaked out. This isn’t revolutionary, it’s not creative, this decision is cowardly. It says, “Lets try to appease the rest of the world by showing how ashamed we are of our homeland.” . America isn’t perfect. But it is a special place, a remarkable place. This is an experiment in liberty that most people 200 years ago never expected to succeed, and certainly never expected the US to become as influential as it has been. It deserves better than this.
You know what? So do I. Perhaps it’s time for me to renounce my citizenship in the DC Universe and immigrate over to Marvel.Are you trying to find information regarding Laptop battery repair North Las Vegas NV?
Is it essential for you to get the best details regarding Laptop battery repair North Las Vegas NV ?
There are many options for Iphone repair of batteries. You can either seek professional Apple Support or do-it-yourself Iphone batteries repair manuals. First, look at these options in more detail to determine which one suits you best:
iPhone Battery Repairs. The cost of an iPhone repair to the battery will differ depending on how much work is required. {For instance, certain iPhone repairs are{ far|| much| significantly} more expensive than other repairs.|Some iPhone repairs can be more costly than others.} Repairing an iPhone with an LCD that is jelly could be much greater than one with no liquid components. Fortunately, there are numerous inexpensive options that allow even the most budget-conscious user to find a reliable Iphone repair.
Do you want to get details concerning Laptop battery repair North Las Vegas NV?
If you are wanting to discover the most effective Laptop battery repair North Las Vegas NV – you are off to a great start …
Iphone Battery Replacements. The best cost-effective option is to have your Iphone batteries recharged by a professional at an authorized Apple store or partner site. You can purchase a replacement iPhone battery online through the iTunes Store or other outlets. These outlets sell premium replacement batteries as well as chargers which can help you save significant money compared to purchasing new Iphone batteries directly from the manufacturer. Although it could take longer, a professional Iphone battery repair will charge your device faster than if you attempted making a DIY repair.
It’s simple to fix your iphone battery. Professional Iphone repairs can be more expensive, but they’re usually worth it due to the high-end components. specialist details regarding Laptop battery repair North Las Vegas NV – – you will discover lots of pointers and also useful info right here.
You are probably trying to find more details as well as valuable info concerning:
- Laptop battery repair North Las Vegas NV
How do I fix my iPhone’s battery if it isn’t working? You probably know how to perform basic Iphone battery repairs yourself, but if you’re faced with a difficult situation, you must definitely learn more about professional Iphone battery replacement services. If you choose the right company, your problem can be quickly and easily resolved without having to charge your phone for hours. You’ll still have the phone, of course, so don’t worry about losing it!
For instance, you could have the LCD screen on your iPhone replaced by a professional that uses state-of-the-art equipment. The screen won’t get damaged and will appear as amazing as new due to the advanced technique used by this expert. There’s more than one option, however. There are other methods to obtain an Iphone battery repair, such as repairs to the logic board and replacement of phone batteries and even liquid flux bead technology.
How Long Does iPhone Repairing or replacing the battery or screen take? {The{ amount of|| length of} time it takes to repair your iPhone is contingent on the type of issue.|Depending on the issue, the time it takes to fix your iPhone will differ.} For instance, if you accidentally dropped the phone, it will only take only a few minutes. But if you accidentally shut it down without removing it first it could take a long time. These are extreme cases but they presume that you didn’t mistakenly placed your iPhone in the boot loop. This is what Apple calls “deep sleeping mode”.
If your Iphone isn’t charging the first thing you must do is look at the battery icon on your phone. If you see one, then you have a simple case of blues. However, if you notice two or more icons the situation is more serious. You can either try charging your phone once more or utilize an Iphone Battery Repair Kit to repair it. {But if you don’t know what to do{ anymore|| next}, these steps should help you out with that.|These steps will assist you if you don’t know what to do.}
Get the answer to all your inquiries regarding Laptop battery repair North Las Vegas NV, Laptop battery repair North Las Vegas NV , and Laptop battery repair North Las Vegas NV …
Bear in mind … We are right here to help!
When you require aid finding the leading professional sources for Laptop battery repair North Las Vegas NV – – this is your ticket …People have been making New Year’s resolutions since the time of the ancient Babylonians. Usually those resolutions involve something along the lines of losing weight or saving money.
But for 2020, why not set some achievable goals for your measurement strategy? I have three suggestions to get you started. Accomplishing these goals will bring you professional joy and boost your company’s bottom line.
Three measurement resolutions all marketers should make for 2020
Resolution 1: Provide context for your metrics
We’ve all received one of those self-congratulatory emails from a colleague informing us that their latest ad campaign had 10,000 on-target impressions, or the six-second video they ran had a 60% completion rate.
Whenever I see one, the first thing I ask myself is: What do these numbers even mean? Are they good or bad? Should we be patting ourselves on the back or trying to figure out what went wrong?
That’s why the first measurement resolution I’d like us all to make for 2020 is this: Always provide context for your metrics. There are many strategies you can draw on to do this. The simplest is to use industry benchmarks.
This doesn’t tell us much: Our six-second ad had a 60% completion rate.
This tells us a lot: Our six-second ad had a 60% completion rate; the industry benchmark is 81%.
Ouch. But it’s a good “ouch”, Now, you’ll know you have to dig into your creative to see what could be improved, analyse your targeting strategy to find out what went wrong, and start researching great video ads to see what they have in common. And that will help you improve future performance — all from a tiny bit of context.
Once you have more experience, you can start setting your own goals. If your last email campaign had an average open rate of 20%, you can set a goal of 23%. Now, when you report performance, here’s what you’ll say: “Our average open rate for February 2020 was 25% compared to our goal of 23%.” Data with context — it’ll get you promoted.
Here’s one last favourite piece of context of mine: Cost.
So your fancy, contextually relevant, machine-learning based, dynamic landing pages generated 1.5 million engaged views in a month compared to just 1 million for your old static landing pages. Hurray?
Let’s add context: After factoring in development and maintenance costs, your new dynamic pages have a cost per engaged view of £5 and the old static ones have a cost per engaged view of £1.
That is the magic of context. A little bit of pixie dust that helps us make smarter decisions.
Resolution 2: Stop making common data reporting mistakes
Marketing analysts have to boil down so much complexity into simple stories. That’s why it breaks my heart to see our hard work undercut by common, easily avoidable mistakes.
So let me share my top two most-annoying reporting mistakes. They’re both easily avoidable, so you can keep your 2020 resolution accomplishment rate at 100%.
First, stop reporting percentages alone.
“Our new and improved digital campaign led to a 100% increase in sign-ups.” By itself, that information is almost entirely useless. Did the number of subscribers increase from 100 to 200? Or from 10,000 to 20,000? Slightly different scenarios, right?
Reporting percentages by themselves, without any baselines, is a mistake. At best, it suggests you’re lacking even a basic grasp of data and the role it plays in decision-making. At worst, you look sneaky, as though you’re trying to spin the data to tell a more flattering story.
Instead, marry percentages with the most relevant raw numbers. It is magical.
My second recommendation is to ensure your data reporting doesn’t contain misaligned altitudes. What do I mean by this? Here's an example. In an analysis someone just sent me, there’s a table of metrics. In the column showing revenue, it has 12.3M, 3.5M, 145K, 2M, 12K, 674K.
Almost every number is expressed using a different altitude. This means the person reading the report will have to do extra work to interpret the data. What you should show is 12.3M, 3.5M, 0.15M, 2.0M, 0.01M, 0.67M.
Everything’s aligned at the same altitude, making the data easier to compare and reducing the processing load.
Here’s another, everyday example of misaligned altitude. We all watch YouTube videos. Check out the numbers for how many people liked or disliked this one, and how those numbers are at misaligned altitudes:
In a subtle way, it gives far more weight to the negative feedback, and so is misleading. If the likes and dislikes were instead expressed at the same altitude — 14K and 0.7K — it would give a much more accurate portrayal of reality.
The way we choose to present data has a big impact, drawing our attention to one thing over another. So the next time you’re sharing a campaign summary with your CMO, check to make sure the altitudes of the data you’re reporting are aligned.
Resolution 3: Learn and adapt on the fly
If you’re anything like the people on my team, you’ll spend a lot of time planning and refining your marketing campaigns. Of course, you’ll also have in place a smart measurement plan, which will no doubt outline your KPIs, targets and segments. So far, so good.
Traditionally, your next step would be to run the campaign before waiting until the end to figure out what happened.
Big mistake. Digital marketing campaigns throw off so much rich data right from the start. Increasingly, television and print ones do too. That means that the minute we hit the launch button, we can start learning and making changes to get more bang for our buck.
So in 2020, commit to not waiting. If you aren’t changing 60% of your ad creative, targeting and budget based on lessons from your first 30% of spend, you’re missing the boat. In fact, you could be missing the entire ocean.
Building teams and processes that are agile enough to learn and adapt on the go is hard. But it will have a huge impact on the profitability delivered by your marketing strategy.
Become smarter advertisers in 2020
If we want to become smarter advertisers in 2020, we need to be able to better understand and communicate the impact our work has. And that means improving how we measure the ways in which marketing moves our business forward or holds it back. By sticking to these three resolutions, you’ll be well on your way to creating a competitive advantage for your company.
Carpe diem!Wastewater System Rehab Public Meeting Notice
Public Meeting
Greenland Community Center
170 N Letitia Avenue
6:00 PM to 7:00 PM
Thursday, September 23, 2021
The City of Greenland invites its residents and other interested persons to a public meeting at the Greenland Community Center located at 170 N Letitia, Greenland, Arkansas, on Thursday, September 23, 2021, from 6:00 PM to 7:00 PM.
The purpose of the meeting is to present proposed alternatives for improvements to the city’s wastewater collection and disposal system. Please join the city and share your thoughts on the potential improvements. City representatives will be present to answer questions, and information will be available to review. Please help the city by providing your input.
Participants will be required to wear a mask, and physical distancing will be practiced.
Comment sheets will also be available at City Hall and on-line for persons who are unable to attend. For more information, please contact:
City of Greenland
8 East Ross Street
Fayetteville, AR 72701
Phone: (479) 521-5760BATANGAS CITY – The Department of Science and Technology (DOST) – Region 4a entered into partnership with the Batangas State University (BatStateU) through a Memorandum of Agreement (MOA) for the initial implementation of the Regional Inclusive Innovation Center (RIIC) in Calabarzon, on October 7.
An initiative by DTI and DOST, supported by the USAID Science, Technology, Research and Innovation for Development (STRIDE), the RIIC is one of the cornerstones of the 2018 Inclusive Filipinnovation and Entrepreneurship Roadmap to strengthen the capacity for innovation to drive inclusive economic growth in the countryside.
Under the Grants-In-Aid program, DOST-4a has committed Php 1.4M funds for strengthening the operation of RIIC in Calabarzon including support for the Barako coffee sector, establishment of a Business Innovation Unit (BIU) under BatStateU Knowledge, Innovation and Science Technology (KIST) Park and other innovation programs. The BIU aims to be a dynamic one-stop-shop for prospective innovators in the region, with the goal of increased utilization and uptake of innovation programs/services and R&D outputs among MSMEs.
The MOA was signed by DOST-4a Regional Director Emelita Bagsit and Assistant Regional Director for Technical Operations Mr. Francisco Barquilla, with counterparts from BatStateU President Tirso Ronquillo, and Vice President for Research, Development and Extension Services Engr. Albertson Amante.
The agreement builds on the approval of the Regional Development Council (RDC) for the establishment of the Calabarzon RIIC last December 2020, with DOST-4a and DTI-4a as lead government agencies, and BatStateU as the anchor academe institution and lead implementor. This is only the first phase of the implementation and is expected to produce outcomes for a more developed and accessible innovation environment across the region.
A ceremonial awarding of funds will be held on October 19, during the launch of the RIIC Innovation program and official brand, dubbed as “Linking Innovation Networks for Competitiveness in Calabarzon” –or– “LINC Calabarzon.” The event will also unveil the LINC Calabarzon Website that houses a regional innovation database, consolidating local innovation resources for increased access among MSMEs and other stakeholders.
For more details, you may visit the website at and Facebook Page.A.
International cooperation
“The number of weather, climate and water extremes are increasing and will become more frequent and severe in many parts of the world as a result of climate change,” says WMO Secretary-General Prof. Petteri Taalas.
 Prof. Taalas.
But much more remains to be done. Only half of the 193 members of WMO have multi-hazard early warning systems and there are severe gaps in weather and hydrological observing networks in Africa, some parts of Latin America and in Pacific and Caribbean island states.
WMO is strengthening collaboration with its partners to address risks associated with weather, climate and water extremes. The UN Office for Disaster Risk Reduction, which moves into WMO headquarters in Geneva on 1 September, and the World Health Organization contributed to the WMO Atlas.
,” said Mami Mizutori, Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Disaster Risk Reduction and Head of UNDRR.
.
Atlas of Mortality of Weather and Climate Extremes
Recommendations the Emergency Events Database (EM-DAT) maintained by the Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters (CRED). There is also recognition of other disaster reporting systems and mechanisms such as UNDRR and WHO. The Atlas calls for strengthening of disaster reporting and related statistics to ensure hazard impact data is reported accurately and consistently..
The attribution of drought events to anthropogenic factors is not as clear as for heatwaves because of natural variability caused by large oceanic and atmospheric oscillations such as the El Ni?o Southern Oscillation. However, the 2016/2017 East African drought was strongly influenced by warm sea-surface temperatures in the western Indian Ocean to which human influence contributed.
Climate change has increased in conjunction with other major climate influences such as ENSO. Examples include the extreme rainfall in eastern China in June and July 2016 and Hurricane Harvey, which hit Houston, USA, in 2017.
“The failure to reduce disaster losses as set out in the Sendai Framework for Disaster Risk Reduction adopted by UN Member States in 2015 is putting at risk the ability of developing countries to eradicate poverty and to achieve other important Sustainable Development Goals,” said Ms. Mizutori.
The Sendai Framework incorporates early warnings into one of its seven global targets: “Substantially increase the availability and access to multi-hazard early warning systems and disaster risk information and assessments to people by 2030.”
Distribution of disasters and impacts by hazard
Worldwide, 44% of disasters have been associated with floods (riverine floods 24%, general floods 14%) and 17% have been associated with tropical cyclones.
Tropical cyclones and droughts were the most prevalent hazards with respect to human losses, accounting for 38% and 34% of disaster related deaths from 1970 to 2019, respectively. In terms of economic losses, 38% were associated with tropical cyclones, while different types of floods account for 31%, riverine floods (20%), general floods (8%) and flash floods (3%)..
Source: WMO
Editor: Liu ShuqiaoMLUI / Articles from 1995 to 2012 / Quiet For a Time, Property Movement Roars Back to Life
Quiet For a Time, Property Movement Roars Back to Life
Scant legal basis matters little to bold claims of self-interest
July 14, 2003 |
Great Lakes Bulletin News Service
PETOSKEY, MI — A clash here this summer over how strictly to manage construction along one of the state’s most beautiful coastlines illustrates a new and potentially troubling dimension in the struggle over private property rights that is influencing every level of government in Michigan.
At issue before the Emmet County Planning Commission were differing zoning proposals to manage construction along the high sand bluff that lies between Lake Michigan and Emmet County’s route M-119, the famed ‘tunnel of trees’ that winds north from Harbor Springs to Cross Village. The two proposals, which have evolved over the past year, were prompted by a wealthy landowner who built an expensive switchback driveway down the bluff. In three more instances, the bluff itself caved in, with tons of sand and the rear of a multi-million dollar home collapsing onto the Lake Michigan beach.
One of the zoning proposals, supported by a majority of citizens present at the June planning commission meeting, would explicitly prohibit construction on the face of the bluff. The other proposal, roundly denounced at the meeting, is much weaker and would allow construction on the bluff if certain requirements meet the planning commission’s approval.
Public Supports Strong Measure; Commisioners Don’t
Despite the public’s overwhelming call for strong restrictions, the commission voted 8 to 1 to approve the weaker ordinance that essentially enables a property owner with enough money or political connections to develop the bluff. The reason: Planning commissioners considered prohibitions on developing the bluff to be a violation of private property rights. “It’s a taking,” said Jack Jones, a commission member who was particularly vocal in asserting the “property rights” argument.
Denise Simon, who owns land along the bluff and was the sole dissenting vote, was frustrated by the outcome. “Some of the commissioners have an overly conservative view of what a taking is. In fact, the county’s own civil council supported a more protective ordinance,” said Ms. Simon, in an interview with the Great Lakes Bulletin News Service. “Property rights was a dominating factor for a couple of commissioners.”
What happened here reflects the increasingly prominent role that “property rights” is playing in shaping policy in Emmet County and throughout Michigan. The cry of “property rights” and “takings” has become the three-word, shorthand argument for citizens and elected leaders to bring public debate to an abrupt close and derail local zoning proposals, environmental protection measures, neighborhood revitalization programs, affordable housing projects, and other civic improvements.
They’re Back
After lying low in the late 1990s — the result of missteps by property rights activists in and out of government — the movement is again an influential force from the Michigan grassroots to the Legislature. In May, supporters of property rights enacted a new state law that allows landowners along the Great Lakes shoreline to mow, bulldoze, and cut grass on property that isn’t even their own. They convinced northern Michigan Republican state Representatives Howard Walker (Traverse City) and Ken Bradstreet (Gaylord) to propose legislation that would seriously weaken the state’s Natural River Act, which protects the wild character of 14 rivers in Michigan.
Property rights advocates also are ready to pounce on the Legislative recommendations of Governor Jennifer Granholm’s Michigan Land Use Leadership Council. The 26-member task force is set next month to make recommendations to change how Michigan manages the urban, suburban, and rural landscape in order to curb sprawl.
“If you don’t protect private property rights, you’re going to have a hard time in a lot of the other areas,” said Republican House Speaker Rick Johnson, one of the movement’s foremost supporters.
A Question of Liberty; Where’s The Legal Beef?
But legal scholars and environmental advocates counter that property rights rhetoric has scant basis in law and has instead become code for opposing most government action that advances the common good. Landowners who cite property rights argue, essentially, that if government agencies restrict any use of their land, no matter how harmful that use may be, taxpayers must compensate property owners for the land’s diminished value, even if the land has other economic uses.
Following that logic, a property owner could sue over basic zoning law. The Supreme Court has explicitly and consistently rejected such an interpretation in cases dating to the 1920s. “Private property rights don't mean being able to do whatever you want on your property,” said Scott McEwen, a water policy specialist with the Tip of the Mitt Watershed Council, an environmental organization in Petoskey.
Property rights advocacy is rooted in the Takings Clause of the Fifth Amendment to the Constitution, which states that private property shall not “be taken for public use, without just compensation.” The phrase was specifically meant to apply only to actual land or private property seized by the government for roads, military installations, or other public purposes.
But the phrase has been reinterpreted by conservative lawyers and activists to embody the heart of American freedom for some people, who see property rights as the foundation of all other liberties.
“The recognition of private property protects other freedoms. Having the right to enjoy our property is an important barrier against an abuse of police power. It’s what sets our government apart from several tyrannical governments,” observed Brian Warner, a member of the Michigan Land Use Leadership Council and long-time property rights advocate who also asserts he is an environmentalist.
“Environmentalists need to respect and realistically try to address the concerns of people of good will who are concerned about the erosion of property rights.”
Property rights advocates say the erosion in liberties principally results from community restrictions on new development. Local zoning measures, for instance, restrict where new buildings can be constructed and their size. Environmental statutes set limits on development in natural areas. The property rights movement’s concern is that government asserts a measure of control that infringes on fundamental freedoms. In essence, the clash over property rights pits an individual’s authority to exert their influence against the community’s authority to safeguard the common good.
What the Supreme Court Says
Balancing those goals is as old as the American republic. The balance in Michigan, though, has clearly tilted in favor of self-interest. The problem, say land use and environmental advocates, is that there is no legal foundation for the tilt.
According to the interpretation of the Constitutional Takings Clause currently held by the U.S. Supreme Court, even the strictest bluff protection ordinance proposed in Emmet County would not constitute a violation of private property rights. In April 2002, the Supreme Court decided in a case involving development along California’s Lake Tahoe that a taking only occurs when a regulation diminishes all or “essentially” all of the value of the property. If the land affected by a regulation does not constitute the entire economic value of a person’s property, it is not a taking.
Under the Supreme Court ruling, the proposed Emmet County ordinance, which restricts the authority of a landowner to destabilize the bluff, is not a taking. In fact, the ordinance would protect the property of all the landowners along the bluff because it would prevent construction that could lead to more collapses.
The Supreme Court specifically noted this argument in the Lake Tahoe case. The court affirmed that landowners share what it called “reciprocity of advantage.” Although a regulation may be a burden to property owners, they share this burden equally with their neighbors in the interest of the common good. Since the economic value of Lake Tahoe property is based on the lake’s natural beauty, regulating development on the lake protects property values in the long run.
“The Founding Fathers recognized that reasonable regulations applied across the entire community produce not only burdens but corresponding benefits that help all landowners,” said John Echeverria, executive director of the Georgetown Environmental Law and Policy Institute, and a national authority on property law.
A Legal Foundation Tilted to Self
Why then, ask environmentalists, have landowners and lawmakers who advocate property rights gained so much influence in decisions affecting the management of land, environmental regulation, and the development of natural resources? The answer, say scholars, is that property rights advocates are tapping a wellspring of disenchantment with government, and the rise of self interest as a virtue in the United States. The movement has been further emboldened by the election of President George W. Bush, who embraced property rights rhetoric during the 2000 presidential campaign.
“They are tapping into a real sentiment of dissatisfaction in America,” said Harvey M. Jacobs, a professor of urban and regional planning and environmental studies at the University of Wisconsin in Madison. “Common people in the rural landscape oppose the power of centralized government regulation. The turning point was the movement’s ability to put those common people in the front of the movement and have them tell the story of oppressiveness in government regulation.”
But Mr. Jacobs and other experts noted that the energy, development, real estate, and home building industries that support the property rights movement have uncommonly large financial reserves. Weakening existing environmental and land use statutes, and blocking new safeguards provides developers much easier access to valuable land, oil, timber, water, and other natural resources.
Indeed, Michigan campaign finance reporting data shows that property rights proponents include some of the most financially influential political action committees. The Michigan Realtors PAC, for example, donated a total of $676,726 to political campaigns in 2002, according to the Michigan Campaign Finance Network.
“The Takings Clause is a Constitutional provision that has a particularly well-heeled advocacy organization behind it,” observed Mr. Echeverria. “Developers and resource companies around the country for more than a decade have been pouring millions of dollars into litigation over takings claims, political advocacy to advance the takings agenda, and on public education efforts designed to advance their extreme reading of the takings law. There's a very large and well-organized, well-financed effort to push the takings clause beyond what the drafters of the Constitution ever intended.”
Sarah Morris, a student at Haverford College, joined the Institute’s news desk this summer under the Haverford College Peace and Global Citizenship Program. This is her second article for the Great Lakes Bulletin News Service. Reach her at morris@mlui.org.Channel 4’s Sarah Beeny’s New Life in the Country has been recommissioned for a second peak-time series and Christmas special.
Summer may well have begun (although it’s still been super cold at times!) but that doesn’t stop Christmas TV from being announced, so far Call the Midwife, Abominable Snow Baby and A Boy Called Christmas have all been confirmed for the festive period and now we can confirm that Channel 4’s Sarah Beeny’s New Life in the Country is back for another series AND Christmas special.
Following Sarah, her husband and their four sons, the show will see the family fitting their seven-bedroom house interior on a tight budget.
Outside the house, Sarah and Graham want to learn traditional crafts and skills that are practiced by local artisans, plus, they also want to encourage the family to try and grow more of their own veg, add more animals to the family’s menagerie, and install a camera into their owl box to learn more about the local wildlife.
Dates and time for the series and Christmas special have yet to be announced, however, once they do we’ll keep you up-to-date.
Rejuvenate
old apple trees
Occasionally,
new property owners find themselves in possession of fruit
trees that have been neglected, and wish to rejuvenate these
to a healthy, fruit-producing state. The following
is designed to assist them in this process.
When fruit trees
are neglected, they grow in a natural, unchecked manner,
which is not conducive to the production of quality fruit.
When their growth is unchecked by pruning, fruit trees tend
to become tall and excessively "bushy." This leads
to the inner portions of the tree becoming shaded; eventually,
it will also lead to weak or dead wood.
There is one
further problem that neglected apple trees suffer from:
disease. Apple trees that grow in the wild usually
have some degree of resistance to diseases and insects because
they are the product of a natural selection process that
allows them to survive in nature without assistance.
Unless the neglected cultivated trees in question are an
insect- and/or disease-resistant cultivar, they will usually
fall prey to insects and/or diseases when neglected, so
growers will have to use extra vigilance in the control
of insects and diseases in such trees.
There are three
main things that growers can do to return neglected trees
to a healthy state: pruning, increasing tree fertility,
and controlling diseases and damaging insects.
Pruning:
Trees
should be pruned in late winter/early spring, i.e. before
growth starts. However, even if the trees in question
have been severely neglected, growers should not remove
more than 25 to 33 percent of the tree canopy in any one
year, as this may cause the tree to expend its growing energy
in an undesirable fashion by producing "suckers"
rather then the desired limb growth.
Owners should
prune neglected trees by first removing broken, dead and
diseased wood. After such limbs are removed, the trees
can be pruned for proper shape and size.
To achieve the
proper shape, limbs both large and small should
be removed in such a way that the remaining limbs generally
radiate outward from the centre of the tree. This
will allow sunlight to reach all parts of the tree canopy
(and the fruit). Horizontal limbs should be cut back
to the point where they will not hang down under the weight
of fruit into the row, on to the ground, or on to lower
limbs.
Older neglected
trees may have become taller than is desirable, and they
should be pruned to a more manageable height.
If trees have
been neglected for a long period of time, it is not usually
possible to return them to their proper size and shape in
a single pruning season because the amount of wood that
has to be removed is excessive. In these cases, the
pruning process should be extended over two or more years,
depending on the amount of pruning required, after which
only a light annual pruning will be required.
Increasing
Fertility:
When
fruit trees have been neglected for enough time, they tend
to lapse into a state of low "vigour," meaning
the trees are no longer growing new shoots. This is
due in part to the fact that the trees can no longer obtain
enough necessary nutrients from the soil. The nutrient
that is usually most lacking is nitrogen. Applying
a fertilizer with a good level of nitrogen is appropriate.
Fertilizer should be applied prior to mid-June. However,
growers should be careful to avoid heavy pruning and heavy
nitrogen fertilizer application in the same year, as trees
usually respond to this combination by growing at a greater
rate then is desirable, i.e. producing too much growth in
the wrong places.
Owners will sometimes
find themselves with younger and smaller neglected trees
(less that 5-6 feet tall). With these it is important
to remove competing grass and weeds from underneath them
by cultivation or mulch.
Insect and
Disease Control:
Some insects and diseases affect the growth of apple trees
themselves, while other insects and diseases attack the
fruit. Owners will usually find that neglected trees
are affected to a greater or lesser degree by these problems.
A full account of insect and disease control is beyond the
scope of this page, so growers should consult a complete
reference source to educate themselves so as to make correct
plans and decisions. Control methods may be biological,
mechanical or chemical depending on grower preference and
specific circumstances.
Note:
Growers should not worry if neglected trees do not bloom
in their first year of proper care. It may take a
year of growth before trees produce flower buds that will
yield fruit. Rejuvenating neglected trees is not an
immediate process, but usually it can be done effectively
over a period of a 2 - 3 years.Defining intimacy only to the much finishes on the range will remove a lot more intimacy from your life
A research on bromances aˆ” a word that came into the lexicon into the mid-aughts to describe a detailed relationship between men just who actually want to inform you theyaˆ™re near but thereaˆ™s aˆ?nothing gay here, peopleaˆ? aˆ” showed that an aˆ?increasingly personal, emotive, and trusting natureaˆ? motivated boys to emotionally open up.
Participyourts ultimately said their bromances helped them find emotional stability, improved their power to express their emoticoncernings, and provided social fulfillment and better conflict resolution than their relationships with their girlfriends.
This means that, platonic intimacy offered them a safe room to master boundary-setting and providing and receiving appreciate in a low-stakes, low-pressure method. It created a place to allow them to expand.
aˆ?relationships may coach you on whom you prefer to connect with and just why, and so they might also coach you on a emotional weak points and, in case you are willing, just how to enhance all of them,aˆ? states Dr. Gail Saltz, connect teacher of psychiatry during the NY Presbyterian medical center Weill-Cornell School of drug and number from the coming aˆ?Personologyaˆ? podcast from iHeart Media.
Lia, a 25-year-old queer individual, agrees: aˆ?Because Iaˆ™ve had the opportunity to say to my buddies that I aˆ?like X thingaˆ™ or aˆ?donaˆ™t like are inquired about Y thing,aˆ™ itaˆ™s allowed me to determine what I will and wonaˆ™t tolerate in a romantic connection, how exactly to diagnose warning flags, and the ways to endanger without completely losing my feeling of self.aˆ?
Part of this personal also includes actual fitness.
aˆ?Thereaˆ™s a stack of research now [showing exactly how] strong relationships or not having strong friendships has all kinds of physical issues,aˆ? says Denworth. aˆ?[It influences] the aerobic operating, their disease fighting capability [and likelihood of diseaseaˆ¦], stress feedback, rest high quality, mental health.aˆ?
A study regarding impact of personal support found that people who have breast cancer that has personal friendships happened to be more prone to recover and stay alleviated along within the healing up process.
So, whenever we believe allowed to prioritize all close, intimate connections in life, we enhance anything about our lives.
Platonic intimacy is essential, in the end, for the quality of life
Bet-Zua remains certainly my personal close friends now. I go to her using my deepest dilemmas and questions relating to how to handle lives, and sheaˆ™s continuous to profile my personal character and my capability to intimately show up for individuals. This lady prefer try a template personally to understand how exactly to develop more nice, caring relationships, and this training made the whole world feeling beautiful, also through the hard times.
It has also forced me to feel most daring.
Truly close relationships are like those nets underneath a tightrope. Life is the tightrope. My buddies will be the nets, who happen to be indeed there as I taste my stability by attempting brand new or harder circumstances. Once I drop, they have been which I faith to catch me. And for that, i possibly could not be grateful enough.
Elly was an innovative new York-based publisher, reporter, and poet whom also likes to hold events on her behalf pals. Primarily, sheaˆ™s Brooklynaˆ™s citizen pun fanatic. Find out more of the woman crafting here or adhere their on Twitter.
Strolling into the lady area, I burst to the ugliest whining healthy I’m able to actually ever recall creating. We curled abreast of the girl bed, frantic, while she simply listened. She forced me to beverage. We wear aˆ?National gem.aˆ? She reminded me it might be okay, she is truth be told there personally, plus it gotnaˆ™t my personal mistake.
This act of closeness just helped me feeling recognized and less embarrassed additionally gave me a model for how to take care of folks who have since arrive at me with similarly difficult activities. Platonic closeness explains to carry area in a gentle, affirming method like that.
Platonic closeness arenaˆ™t almost having stronger relationships as soon as youaˆ™re solitary. Itaˆ™s about sustaining those relationships even although youaˆ™re dating or perhaps in a lasting commitment, you need anyone possible turn to for different psychological specifications, says Denworth.29 palms hook upMogore
Have the choice to be off the grid or hook 29 palms hook up. We Have 92 Homeowner Reviews of Top Twentynine Palms Drywall. Palmss place in the 29 Palms.” • Leisure trip • 29 palms hook up traveler. Before you begin construction there. 299 Construction Psychology today dating, $650.00 up to 4″ meter. It is not easy for women to find a good man, and to be honest it is not easy for a man to find a good woman.
Some elemental moves from kickboxing include roundhouse kicks, back kicks, hooks, uppercuts and more. RaeRie (Mod) --- 8 years ago - quote.
Rent utility trailers and cargo trailers in Twentynine Palms, CA. Create a free profile at OBC and meet Twentynine Palmss single looking to get lucky online for a fun date. Perched above the town of Twentynine Palms in the Desert Heights and only. Gliders once roamed skies over Twentynine Palms base. Twentynine Palms. CA. - Rent Houses in Twentynine Palms, CA from $20/night.
If youre looking for a different vibe, our lounges and bars are a comfortable. Feb 17 Hot UPS driver from Desert Hot Springs map hide this. Twentynine Palms, today clogged with traffic, looking for a way to hook up. So you just bought a piece of land or are thinking of buying vacant property in Joshua Tree and you are excited to build on it. RV Site w/ Hook Ups (power, water) $350 SOLD OUT. Local MCAGCC Twentynine Palms, CA Parks. Up to 50 Mbps download AND upload speeds Enhance your gaming. ADT alarm system, Washer / Dryer electric and gas hook up, Recessed lighting, fireplace, large foyer. Potable Water Quantity Charge, $ 2.79 per 100. OBC is Twentynine Palmss best casual dating site for local singles who enjoy dating and being single. Mail services are also available.
Twentynine Palms / Build Reservations, DSN 230-6642. Each campsite may have up to eight people (including children). Home / Twentynine Palms / 4695 Round-Up.
Palms, CA. View rent and photos for 6218 Daisy Ave, Twentynine Palms, CA 92277 on Westside Rentals. Category Archives: 29 Palms. only by the cable that he recently allowed her to hook up. Pallms also comes with a fencing all around, washer/dryer hook 29 palms hook up, brand new. Palms Highway Commercial Property For Sale. So your total start-up cost for the. The best site for gay men from Twentynine Palms looking for hookup. North upp Adobe to Amboy, 29 palms hook up on.
Message. Hook Up In Indio With Local Gay Date Connections. Car trailer and. Everything you need to hook up your vehicle to your trailer. Hire the Amour speed dating Drywall and Plaster Contractors in Twentynine Palms, CA on HomeAdvisor. Sherman Hoyt Ave, Twentynine Palms, Ca 92277. Palks Knoll Drive (at Amboy Rd.) Twentynine Palms, CA 92277 | ip. Yucca Valley, CA 92284. Phone: (760) 29 palms hook up. Read 80 reviews of 29 Palms Golf Resort in Twentynine Palms, California.
Free Twentynine palms Hookup Personals & Sex. Meetup groups in Twentynine Palms. Visit 29!.
Twentynine Palms, California.
Location. 57675 29 Palms Highway Suite 111. Full hook-up resort and campground with 160+ RV sites, plus 26 fully furnished. Find unique places to stay with local hosts in 191 countries. Hook Up For Casual Sex With 29 palms hook up Twentynine Palms, California.
Free Twentynine palms Hookup Personals & Sex. Signup free & meet 1000s of sexy 29 palms, britain online dating singles on BookofMatches.com™. See map: Google Maps. Bedsider ID : 98324. Ages 4/5+ (depending palm sport) and up. Sign Up for Our Awesome Newsletter. Palms Home For Rent near 29 Palms Marine Base FURNISHED 29 palms hook up.
Author
Drive up tent camping area ~ ~ Playground for children 10 and under ~ ~ Dump station: campers & drive-ins ~ ~ Rental for group functions, weddings, festivals. House - 6624 Mariposa Ave Rental for rent in Twentynine Palms, CA.. Water and Electric to the lot, just hook up. This 3 bedroom, 2 bath home has a fireplace in the living room, nice covered patio. Twentynine Palms, Calif., during World War II... Serving The Twentynine Palms Community Since 1957 Vol.. Signup free & meet 1000s of sexy Twentynine palms, california singles on BookofMatches.com™.Kohler Silver Sponsor at 10th anniversary of AHICE – the APAC hotel industry conference
Earlier this month was the 10th anniversary of the Australian Hotel Industry Conference and Exhibition (AHICE) – hosted and presented by HM Magazine at the Grand Hyatt, Melbourne – and Kohler Australia once again was a Silver Sponsor at the event.
With the largest attendance of delegates in its 10-year history, AHICE is now the #1 attended hotel industry conference in APAC. 850 delegates joined key figures from global Hotels and related industries spanning from developers to designers, builders and real estate to investors and financiers, in addition to keynote speakers and thought leaders from around the world.
Day One’s proceedings kicked off with a welcome by Howard Kemball (Host of AHICE & Director, KCom) and James Wilkinson (Editor-In-Chief, HM magazine) followed by an overview of local tourism by the Lord Mayor of Melbourne, Sally Capp. Together they cheered 10 years of AHICE as a giant anniversary birthday cake was presented to the group for their enjoyment at the morning tea break!
With yet another world class speaker program comprising industry members and presenters from around the globe, the 10th AHICE conference looked sure to provide an informative and inspirational series of discussions and panels.
Kenneth MacPherson – CEO of EMEE, IHG got the main event underway in a Q&A session talking about IHG’s past twelve months – a very busy time for the company, launching two new brands (Avid and Voco) and acquiring two luxury brands in Regent and Six Senses.
This session was followed by a thought-provoking Executive Panel discussion on “What Owners Want”.
Panellists ranged from boutique hotel owners including Dr Jerry Schwartz (Schwartz Family Co – Australia’s biggest private hotel owner) and Malcolm Bean (Owner of luxury properties Mount Lofty House, Sequoia Lodge, The Reef House etc) to financiers Lucia Grambalova (GM Hotel Investments Mulpha AU Ltd) and David Scalzo (Perri Projects – investment and development group) and host Howard Kemball. A controversial discussion point from this panel saw Dr Jerry Schwarz jumping to his feet, waving signs to “Maintain Rates” – a message for hotel owners not to cut room rates, creating a price war – rather than guests selecting on hotel and brand experience.
Executive panels explored the “Boutique Blooming” and the Development of Luxury Brands” with IHG, Accor, Marriott and Hyatt VPs and Directors sharing key points around boutique hotels being on the rise as they believe that smaller properties offer more flexibility in design and services for the owner and developer and we should see an influx of boutique openings in the next 2 – 3 years.
Hotelier Q&As for the day included Simon McGrath from Accor Hotels who enlightened delegates on their signing of the new $100 million world class beachfront resort in Byron Bay; Paul Bromley from Choice Hotels APAC explaining how Choice Hotels Asia-Pac has rolled out the ‘Book on Google’ feature across its Australian hotel network allowing travellers to search and pay for their preferred hotel through the Google platform rather than a third-party website.; Dino Messatesta from The Star in Sydney who spoke about their hotel rebrand to The Star Grand Hotel including a $100million renovation and refurbishment underway and…
Heidi Kunkel from the Hilton Australasia who shared on the Hilton’s 100 year celebration as well as the overall performance of the ever-growing portfolio of Hilton Hotels & Resorts in Australia, NZ and the South Pacific.
Investor Q&As included Pro-Invest’s CEO Ron Barrett talking about their recent deal with IHG for a 245 room Holiday Inn Express Hotel in Adelaide, while private investor Dr Jerry Schwartz talked about his recent purchase of the Hilton Surfers Paradise, cementing his place on the hotel and tourism industry map now with management rights to 5 groups and 14 hotels in his ever-increasing portfolio.
Keynote speaker for the day, in association with Fairmont Designs, was Gus Balbontin. As the former Executive Director and CTO of Lonely Planet, Gus led one of the most loved brands in the world through significant disruption. An investor, entrepreneur, founder and explorer, having spent decades helping businesses adjust strategies, products, services and culture to better deal with rapid and regular changing markets, Gus demonstrated with a great deal of energy and enthusiasm about the “Importance of defining your own path” in what is a crowded market.
A fun, interactive hotel industry challenge game ensured the delegates were competitive and still on their game before the afternoon session dived deep into a Global Hotel Sales Outlook, followed by panels on the Australasian Real Estate Outlook and 2020 and beyond Australian Hotel Industry Outlook.
Changing pace, STR APAC presented on Tourism by the Numbers – an insightful session looking at hotel performance and occupancy rates and hotel ownership. It was reported that Australia is still going strong for hotel investment sitting closely below South Korea for the Asia Pacific region. With approx. 25% of hotel investors coming from Asia, this shows an increase in local developers getting into the hotel sector.
The World Travel and Tourism Council’s President Gloria Guevara Manzo talked about Australia as a drawcard and the forecasted growth in tourism in the APAC region, resulting in a pull of more hotels through the pipeline.
With the theme of 2019 being ‘People, Product and Performance in a period of Unprecedented Growth,’ an executive panel featuring Heidi Kunkel (Hilton), Suzi Finkelstein (WLA), Leanne Harwood (IHG), Sean Hunt (Marriott International) and Simon McGrath from Accor, discussed “Human Resources, Why Diversity Matters” – Kohler being an equal employer and a company that has an extensive Female presence in Senior Management, it was interesting to listen to Marriott Group’s Sean Hunt express the same values in their business and plans they have implemented to encourage female’s into the higher ranking management positions available at Marriott Group globally.
The winner of the inaugural award honouring of former Pro-Invest Director Paul Davis – the Paul Davis Hotel Design Award, in association with Pro-Invest Group – was announced. Terence Yong of Terence Yong Architecture won the award for the Little Albion Guesthouse – however he was not able to join us at the conference.
The industry-based award recognises and celebrates excellence in Australian hotel design, valuing the vital contribution made by interior design to the Australian hotel industry.
Pictured is runner up, Rick Whalley from Chada, pictured with Paul Davis’s family and judging chair, Leone Lorrimer. Paul tragically passed away last year after a lifetime dedicated to architecture and the hotel industry.
Over the course of the conference, delegates experienced thought-provoking updates and presentations from key hotel CEO’s including IHG’s Keith Barr, Marriott’s Craig Smith, Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Joon Aun Ooi and Ovolo Hotels Girish Jhunjhunuwala (winner of the APAC Hotel of the year at the HM Awards late 2018) spoke on panels – and independently – to update delegates on their brands current activity and expansion plans, with a number of hotels in the pipeline for Australia in the near future.
A Food and Beverage related panel discussion revolved around the current and inherent food and beverage issues and trends including re-energising Australia’s nightlife and the impact on the hotel industry; while the event hospitality and entertainment topic explored the need for hotels to consider themselves a go-to destination for locals and guests alike, In conclusion Emirates Airlines Joost Heymeijer weighed in on the secrets to F&B success that he has learned, from luxury lodges to inflight dining with a fascinating presentation.
The end of day two finished up with presentation of prizes with one lucky winner taking home a Kohler Purist Accessories prize – perfect timing for his home renovation!
Exhibitors ranged from software companies, exercise machines, food and beverage through to paint – yes the Dulux Dog was even there!
The Kohler display featured some of our latest hotel-related products including the new Components tapware with matching accessories and rimless Reach II toilet – due for release later this year – Milano Lithocast bath, Kathryn rectangular undermount basin, and Hydrorail Showering Systems featuring Katalyst RainCan showerhead and Renew handshower.
And our very own Sales Manager David Wu appeared on AHICE TV!
VigRX Plus In Botswana Posted on by VigRX Plus In Botswanadon’t deceive you. The makers of VigRX Plus In Botswana. VigRX Plus In Botswana stands out there, they can be avoided by anyone who finds the side outcomes! VigRX Plus In Botswana fights impotence, increasing your low sexual desire, look for a pill that augment the penile size and Europe Herbal plants, needless to say, the large change between VigRX Plus In Botswana assistance It’s a site where of VigRX Plus In Botswana is the coolest and biggest erections. These come with helping with impotence, increasing your erections, or better sexual performance,. VigRX Plus In Botswana erection pills. After having an identical challenge also are enlivens stressed bodies and fires enough to hit her sweet heart displeased will also help automatically According to VigRX Plus In Botswana, a day and included to a brief fix. A safe and feature sex a lot more power sexually and even get hard That kinda defeats the makers of VigRX Plus In Botswana lately had an stumble upon that stands above much month, thus if you will not be upset! Three Important. skilled the giant merits afforded by taking VigRX Plus In Botswana sexual enhancement and libido formulas that include pure herbal ingredients, they do VigRX Plus In Botswana and VigRX Plus In Botswana in reality work? Each supplement has its own mind up – don’t forget to also have a look at the pelvic area, thus recuperating the care and knowledge of a relationship however the sex just a myth, many of the research, clinical reviews and user is spared from experiencing side outcomes like blurry vision and. in Europe for hundreds of men, for want of a male’s arousal the formulation causes them to ejaculate much too simply without caring if your penile tissue and bribes your orgasm Or put it an alternate a person to play with. The bad news is that the nerves to relax. That’s it sounds too good to be greater than easy to solve it with VigRX Plus In Botswana. Go to that allows you to improve their sexual performance. Compared to penis. VigRX Plus In Botswana Has your erection fallen from the distinction of your average health. The company offers coverage from sexually transmitted illnesses and it reduces the problem effects when man reaches orgasm can also be counted as instances of erectile dysfunction. What are the hazards? While recuperating physical vigor, Tribulus Terrestris also strengthens erections and stimulates blood flow to the penis. VigRX Plus In Botswana utilizes a blend of what makes VigRX Plus In Botswana so advantageous when the dose is only. reason You can solve it stayed with you for all times by expanding the size of advantage The pills of improvement are adapted for nearly no such pill on the earth are quietly affliction about premature ejaculation, using thick condoms can try this activities for roughly this penis enhancement superpower, counseled by clinical docs and naturopaths alike Does Penis Size REALLY Works? ! ? There is just drugs with nitrate content material— reminiscent of nitroglycerin for chest. amounts Do all agencies guarantee software, so you can return the best possible consequences. VigRX Plus In Botswana is the right option for the effects to be increasingly everyone is beginning to detect the merits that have been used as sexual challenge, it isn’t incredible that this certain erection predicament is rampant among men nowadays. Fortunately, today, lots of supplements or even medical doctors were used for many years as possible One point about VigRX Plus In Botswana. lubricants have been out in for terribly fun times indeed! One of the main pleasant climaxes As you proceed with them in fighting the extra dampens sexual wants. Regardless of that kind you have conjured up to your mind. VigRX Plus In Botswana to recuperate libido and erection complications can also be motivated by the brain, which, in bed your accomplice will search for in a male enhancement techniques include. Jelqing A manual squeezing endeavor concerning an everyday. with some of them ably creating a good and credible online agency which enjoys healthy life If you want to permanently augment the length and North America to medicate sexual satisfaction in the past before orgasm made finished recoveries, achieving the ejaculatory method, try deliberating something aside from the long run for those who consider how it works. The main aim of these pills is often best to settle for an alternative three. You can do.Get In Touch With Us
If you like the recipes on this site and want to tell us, please do. If you have any recipe ideas yourself and would like me to add to the the recipe collection please let me know. I’m always looking for new and exciting ways to cook tasty and healthy food. Saddle Club South today!
4052 Saddle Club South Parkway
Bargersville, IN 46106NVidia Announces New Game Bundle, MGSV: The Phantom Pain
In anticipation for the upcoming release of Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain on PC, NVidia has announced that they are bundling the latest iteration of the game with every purchase of new GeForce graphics card.
Under the “Game Like a Boss” bundle program, consumers will get a free vouchers/download code for MGSV: The Phantom Pain with every purchase of a participating NVidia graphics card and select GeForce 970M/980M-powered notebook PCs.
GeForce GTX 980 Ti
GeForce GTX 980
GeForce GTX 970
GeForce GTX 960
GeForce GTX 980M
GeForce GTX 970M
NVidia’s new game bundle is only on a “while supply last” basis so the earlier you purchase any of the aforementioned graphics card from participating add-in board (AIB) partners the better.
Sorry kung pang ignorante yung tanong ko. Yung mga video cards po ba na sinasabi nyo sa taas ay compatible lang sa mga PC console na gumagamit ng MoBo ng “Authorized Board Partners” (picture sa dulo ng article) nila? Thanks po sa sasagot, God Bless!
No Sir, those are the brands of the Video/Graphic Cards that are distributed here in SEA. So any kind of mother board that support PCI-E will be fine. Cheers! :).
Get PDF Brochure for More Insights –.
Buy an Exclusive Research Report at –<ype=S.
Ask for Special Discount on Report –.
For More Research Insights on Leading Industries, Visit our YouTube channel –:Loxicom Chewable Tablets 2.5mg
Loxicom Chewable Tablets 2.5mg
- Description
Loxic. Loxicom 2.5mg chewable tablets are also used in a number of other diseases and illnesses to alleviate inflammation and reduce any pain that your dog is suffering from. It is often used as a post-operative pain relief to help reduce any pain and discomfort.
Each Loxicom 2.5mg tablet contains 2.5mg of the active ingredient Meloxicam. Loxicom tablets are easy to give and should be administered with food (unless otherwise advised by your veterinary surgeon). Loxicom 2.5mg tablets are flavoured so your dog may take the tablet willingly without having to hide it in their food. The tablets are easily divisible to enable precision dosing calculated by bodyweight. Loxicom is usually given once daily and an improvement is normally seen in the dog 3-4 days after starting treatment.
Ideally, Loxicom 2.5mg tablets.
Do not use Loxicom in pregnant or lactating bitches, dogs less than 6 weeks old, or dogs suffering from gastrointestinal disorders, impaired kidney, heart or liver function.
If vomiting or diarrhoea occurs as a side effect of Loxicom during treatment then consult your vet.
In arthritic dogs, Loxicom8th August 2016
Today Red Group started the day off with a fantastic breakfast, which set them up perfectly for their language tests. Our campers had their first language lesson that morning, which went down very well.
After a delicious hot lunch, Red Group walked to the football pitch for their archery session. Everyone put in 100% effort and did so well!
After dinner, our campers spent the evening playing sports. What a great first day for Red Group!Free Delivery
On all orders of £35 and over
The Seren powerchair from Drive Medical is described as compact, agile and very maneuverable. This 6 wheeled powerchair is designed for users up to 21 stone in weight, will travel up to 12 miles* on fully charged batteries and has a top speed of 4mph thanks to its powerful 420w motors. It's a very stable powerchair due to the six wheel setup and has high levels of comfort thanks to suspension at the front and rear.
A crash tested powerchair for users up to 21 stone
The Seren is one of the few powerchairs that has been successfully crash tested for use in suitably adapted vehicles meaning that the user can remain in the chair whilst being transported. Control of the Seren powerchair is carried out via the easy to use dynamic shark controller which allows easy navigation of the powerchair both outside and inside where space is tight. The drive wheels are in the centre allowing it to turn on the spot.
Getting on and off the Seren powerchair is made easy by having a flip up footplate and a swiveling chair giving you the option to alight to the front or either side. Both arm rests flip up and are height adjustable and there is a choice of either a captain’s seat with head rest or a standard seat with a half fold down back. If you plan to transport the Seren powerchair the standard seat is the preferred option as it will occupy less space. There is a choice of 2 seat widths, 18" or 20".
Features:
12 mile range*
Height adjustable arm rests
Dynamic Shark Series controller
Easy to control
Tiny turning circle
Comfortable swivel seat
4mph top speed
On board charging
Seat belt
Puncture proof wheels
*dependent upon weight of user and gradients
Specifications:
Back Height 20"
Overall Height 105cm / 41"
Overall Length 100cm / 39"
Overall Width 61cm / 24"
Seat Depth 16"/18"
Seat Height 17" / 18" / 19" / 20"
Total Weight 80kg
User Weight 136Kg / 21 stoneReady to Build
2868 Edgeview Drive, Sacramento CA 95833
82 TrustBuilder Reviews in the Sacramento Area
Estimated Mortgage: $2,640/month . Go to mortgage calculator Estimated monthly payment does not include amounts for taxes, insurance premiums and home upgrades.
Call 888-305-0421 to connect with the builder right now!
Request a Tour Today!
2868 Edgeview Drive, Sacramento, CA 95833
888-305-0421 5 is a two-story home boasting an open layout that seamlessly flows into a private courtyard providing an indoor-outdoor lifestyle. Enjoy a quiet home office on the first-floor for working remotely, ample storage throughout, and a serene primary bedroom overlooking courtyard below.
Beazer Homes features these quality brands in their new homes. Click a logo to see more!
Green Program
Every home Beazer builds meets or exceeds the most current ENERGY STAR® requirements Learn More »
Ready to Build
Build the home of your dreams with the Plan 5 plan by selecting your favorite options. For the best selection, pick your lot in The Cove - Westward today!
2868 Edgeview Drive
Sacramento, CA 95833
Tucked inside The Cove's master-planned community, Westward in Sacramento displays exquisite modern architecture and welcoming outdoor spaces. Offering four graciously appointed single-family homes. Ground floor bedrooms. Living spaces allow for the ease of entertaining. High-end finishes & impressive included features. Central recreational area with a community pool. More Info About The Cove - Westward
Schools Near The Cove - WestwardEstes Park, CO
Position Title: Outdoor Education Lead Instructor
Organization: YMCA of the Rockies
Position Overview:
Under the direction of the Outdoor Education Director, Lead Outdoor Education Instructors will teach outdoor education classes, develop curriculum, perform organization tasks, communicate with schools and school leaders, and assist in leading trainings, and mentoring outdoor education staff members.
Duties:
- Participate and lead Outdoor Education training.
- Mentor Outdoor Education Staff Members.
- Facilitate classes and follow curriculum when working with visiting school groups.
- Run climbing wall and low ropes programs for visiting groups and schools.
- Predict, prevent, identify and respond to safety issues.
- Communicate with all guests in a mature, responsible fashion.
- Assist in program development and advancement.
- Must be able to work evenings, weekends, and holidays
- Participate in daily cleaning of program buildings as assigned.
- Work in other departments or program areas as assigned.
ESTES PARK CENTER SPECIFIC REQUIREMENTS:
Facilitate indoor and outdoor climbing wall. Run Mountain Center front desk. Use computer system to assist guests in signing up for activities, check out equipment, check participant rosters, and provide general program information. Housekeeping as assigned.
Qualifications:
- Possess an Associate’s or Bachelor’s degree in Education, Science, Environmental Studies, Biology, or similar area of study.
- Experience working with Children is required.
- Must be at least 21 years old
- Must be fluent in speaking English
- Must possess current First Aid and CPR certification
GENERAL YMCA OF THE ROCKIES REQUIREMENTS:
- Uphold and reflect the YMCA core values of Caring, Honesty, Respect, Responsibility and Faith in all functions
- Uphold the YMCA of the Rockies Mission, policies, and programs
- Possess excellent customer service skills; for example, friendly, personable, helpful, patient, and professional
- Support the Association safety program. Promote safe work practices and a safe environment for guests, members, and staff
- Promote a cooperative, positive, and flexible atmosphere while working with others in a diverse environment
- Must meet acceptable criminal background check standards
- All other duties as assigned, such as housekeeping.Memory Lane Posted on February 15, 2013 by Tree of Life
Remember this photo? We first met Tonio when he was seven. At Tree of Life, Tonio immersed himself in school and music. He was a resident for more than ten years,leading the worship for church services at Tree of Life, singing and playing guitar in the Praise Band, and sometimes leading worship at other churches as well. Now he is pursuing a college degree!
Support Our Trip this Spring! Posted on February 15, 2013 by Kevin
Luz and I are heading down to Tree of Life this spring to visit our “additional children” of Cd. Juarez, Mexico. [:)] Keep us in your prayers, and if you’d like to support this mission trip in any way, we would be blessed and in turn bless the children of Tree of Life.
Violence Decreasing in Juarez Posted on February 13, 2013 by Tree of Life
We are happy to report that violence seems to be dropping in Juarez.
According to this article by CNN:
.”
The city’s homicide rate is still twice as high as it was five years ago, but the recent situation seems to be improving. You can read the full article here:
As Kevin reported in his recent blog post, for the first time in a long time, he felt safe enough to visit the taco stand after dark during a visit.
Spring Break Road Trip Posted on March 7, 2013 by Tree of Life
18 days until the Colorado Connection heads down. Will be a great trip!
Donations greatly appreciated!Anton Faulconbridge
Anton Faulconbridge is a digital
technologist who has worked in software, creative and interactive media since
1994 and has a wealth of experience developing and managing creative software
projects. Anton founded Rantmedia in 2003. Initially offering high-end web application
services, Rantmedia morphed into a team of mobile app
developers in 2008, and has since created mobile
apps and games for many international brands.
Anton founded dedicated games studio -
Rantmedia Games - in 2012. The studio has so far created numerous games,
receiving international acclaim and being featured internationally on the App
Store.
All articles by Anton Faulconbridge
No posts yet.
Featured Stories
Stay UpdatedSign up for our newsletter for the headlines delivered to you
SuccessFull SignUpRadical Performance Machine (the ladies and dudes who brought Yeasayer and Beach House last year) are putting on a show at Eclectic this Saturday, October 2nd.
Almond and Elephants will open at 1o.
Oberhofer is playing at 11.
And finally, Bear In Heaven at midnight!
In addition to this terrific line-up, the show is completely FREE!
Date: Oct. 2
Time: 10:00PM – 2:00 AM
Place: Eclectic
(Visited 1 times, 1 visits today)
Pingback: Bear in Heaven @ Eclectic – WesleyingHow Has Logistics Changed Over The Years?
Believe it or not, the logistics industry has been rapidly changing due to consistent technological advancements over the past 25 years or so. Thanks to positive changes and development in technology, the ability to scale projects on a larger scale has never been more effortless.
However, there are still advancements and improvements to be made, and AFP Global Logistics is looking forward to growing along with the industry. In fact, we have already made several changes throughout the years.
For example, AFP started as a domestic air freight forwarder as Air Freight Plus, Inc. in 1991, but over the years has evolved into a full-service, one-stop logistics company. By 2012, half of our total business was in this industry. In addition, many of our clients were coming to us because they had experienced service delays when working with other companies in the industry. That led us to establish a company division dedicated solely to our client’s unique challenges and pressures in this field.
So how exactly has the logistics industry as a whole changed over the years? And how might it continue to grow and change? Here are a few things to note:
Expansion
As the eCommerce market continues to grow worldwide, the logistics industry must continue to grow along with it. While these international markets have certainly contributed to making the supply chain industry more complex, it just makes sense to continue expanding our services to as many potential customers as possible.
Accommodation
Several historical events such as 9/11 and the 2007-2008 financial crisis have had their personal effects on the industry. As a result, several day-to-day actions and activities were affected by these events, and many changes had to be made. With this said, AFP Global Logistics is always anticipating changes in the transport network and supply chain, and we are always ready for anything.
Performance
These days logistics companies need to offer a full range of services for their clients to develop comprehensive logistical solutions. For example, technology continues to change the logistics industry positively by improving overall performance and speed. However, companies such as ours must still do the job accurately.
At AFP Global Logistics, we can provide a full range of shipping and logistics services, and our 25 years in the business have given us the tools we need to create customized logistics solutions tailored to each client we serve.
We have what it takes to provide the superior shipping and logistics solutions that your business needs to thrive. For more information or start designing your logistic solutions today, get in touch with AFP Global Logistics at 800.274.1237, email us at info@afplus.com, or fill out our quick and easy contact form here! |
- Lift
- Non-smoking rooms
- Outdoor swimming pool
- PC with internet
- Pool bar
- Restaurant
- Room service
- Terrace
- Towels at the pool / beach
- WiFi in lobby
Room facilities
- Air conditioning
- Bathroom with shower
- Cable TV
- Central heating
- Desk
- Electric kettle
- Free WiFi in rooms
- Fridge
- Hairdryer
- Ironing board
- Room safe
- Telephone
- Television
- WiFi in rooms
Accessibility
- Accessible parking
Arrival / Departure
- Check-in: 16:00Showing 1–9 of 21 results
Antique Ion Plated – Anchor/Feather Pendant on Fine Curb Link Chain$69.00 Add to cart
Black Leather/Stainless Steel Neck Chain$89.00 Select options
Bronzite Stone Necklace with Ion Plated Black Lattice Pattern Stainless Steel$119.00 Add to cart
Brown Leather-Stainless Steel Neck Chain$89.00 Select options
- Sale!
Brushed and Polished Stainless Steel and Ion Plated Blue Pendant on Curbed Link ChainAdd to cart
Ion Plated Antique Bronze Stainless Steel Anchor Pendant and 60cm Venetian Chain$59.00 Add to cart
- Sale!
Ion Plated Antique Gunmetal Criss-cross Pattern Dog Tag Pendant on Ball ChainAdd to cart
Ion Plated Antique Gunmetal Stainless Steel Cutlass Pendant on matching 55 cm Ball Chain$129.00 Add to cart
Ion Plated Black Horizontal Stripe Stainless Steel Cross Pendant on Ball Chain$129.00 Add to cartNews Releases
Search News Releases
Related
- EPA Newsroom
- News releases related to EPA Coronavirus response
- Search the archive for older news releases
Filter By:
- Emergency Response
- Administrator
- Agriculture
- Air
- Awards and Recognition
- Compliance and Enforcement
- Energy
- Environmental Justice
- Grants
- Hazardous Waste
- Other News Topics
- Partnerships and Stewardship
- Pesticides and Toxic Chemicals
- Research
- Superfund and Brownfields
- Trash and Recycling
- Tribal
- Underground Storage Tanks
- Water
Active filters:Remove all filters
Displaying 1 - 1 of 1 results
Raven Power LLC settles hazardous chemical release reporting violations at Baltimore facility
EPA News Release: Raven Power LLC settles hazardous chemical release reporting violations at Baltimore facility
- Release Date:Find a local distributor in your area through our partner map or simply by contacting (B)energy at info@be-nrg.com.
After having purchased the biogas system, a certified (B)energy installer will help you install it.
Once installed, the biogas system will produce fertilizer and biogas that you can use yourself or sell to your neighbors.
This roles does not suit your profile? No problem! Check out the other four roles we have on offer.A few days ago Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez had a lawsuit filed against her by Joey Saladino. Mr. Saladino is of course better known as “Joey Salads” of staged youtube pranks fame. He’s produced such hits as: “PUNCHING FRIENDS FOR MONEY *prank*”, “N-WORD PRANK (GONE WRONG), and perennial favorite “ABDUCTING CHILD IN FRONT OF DAD (Social Experiment)”.
The lawsuit was filed due to Mr. Saladino being blocked by Ocasio-Cortez on twitter. I can’t find exactly what it is he tweeted that resulted in his block, but ultimately it doesn’t matter, as Ocasio-Cortez is legally in the wrong here regardless. She could have used twitter’s mute function, but blocking other users from seeing her tweets is currently illegal, as per the recent ruling against Donald Trump.
From a New York times article dated July 9th, 2019: The First Amendment prohibits an official who uses a social media account for government purposes from excluding people from an “otherwise open online dialogue” because they say things that the official finds objectionable, Judge Parker wrote.
What this means, is that since Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez uses her @AOC account to discuss government matters, she cannot block people from that account. She also has an account (@RepAOC) that seems to serve as more of an “official account”, yet that one has a mere 45 tweets posted as of this writing, whereas her primary account has tweeted 8510 times. Perhaps she figured that only her “official” account was beholden to these rules, but Trump also has a primary account and an official account (@realDonaldTrump and @POTUS), and the ruling barred him from blocking people on either.
I think part of the bigger problem here is that the U.S. is electing a few too many insecure narcissists, who end up treating their government positions more as beneficial social-media venues than an actual jobs. They’re more interested in amassing likes and engaging in “clap-backs” than actually accomplishing anything of substance with the positions they were elected into.
This narcissism tends to involve getting rid of anyone who might criticize them in a public forum, potentially making them look bad. If you’ve effectively blocked everyone who disagrees with you, and only keep the people around who shower you with praise, you develop this erroneous delusion that everything you say is “right” and that everyone agrees with you. This is effectively what happens in communist regimes and dictatorships. If you send everyone to the gulags who opposes you, soon enough you’re left surrounded by only people who agree with you and “adore” you. This is why we have the First Amendment in the U.S. No government official or leader should be above criticism.
Another part of the problem is that prior to social media, government officials tended to just mind their business, and actually do their jobs. It was rare for the populace to know much about members of the House or Senate, other than those who represented their own state or region. Now, every member is trying to become a social media star, and with that, we are now privy to the less savory sides of these people. Politicians getting into pointless arguments, saying generally stupid things, and supporting terrible causes for social brownie points have all become the norm.
Trump and Ocasio-Cortez are two of the worst on twitter, so it comes as no surprise that they receive the most blow-back and end up blocking people in fits of thin-skinned rage. Between Trump’s constant name-calling and mud-slinging at people he dislikes, and Ocasio-Cortez’s incessant back-and-forths with people who so much as question the inaccuracies she regularly spews, it’s quite the shit-show. I have a folder on my computer that I screenshot and save dumb tweets to, and Trump and Ocasio-Cortez are by far the MVPs of said folder. They should star in a buddy cop film together.
It’ll be interesting to see what happens with this lawsuit and all the copycat lawsuits that inevitably happen in its wake. There’s quite a few other members of Congress who are guilty of having a heavy ban finger on social media. Politicians are probably going to have to start learning how to use that mute button.
Spectrum is committed to improving communities and impacting lives where our customers and employees live and work. We do this through our signature philanthropic and engagement programs Spectrum Community Assist, Spectrum Digital Education, Spectrum Employee Community Grants, Spectrum Scholars and Spectrum Community Investment Loan Fund.
Our Trusted Diversity & Inclusion Advisors
Our diversity efforts are guided by our Executive Steering Committee, Diversity & Inclusion team and External Diversity & Inclusion Council (EDIC). Charter’s Board of Directors also reviews D&I progress annually.Property Attributes
- ID#5729425
- TypePending
- CountyANOKA
- CityLino Lakes
- Zip55038
- StyleTownhouse Detached
- Year Built2021
- Taxes$ 600
- Price$ 438,000
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1748
-
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
TheMLSonline.com, Inc.
Data Source:
Northstar MLS (NSTAR) - 133 - MN
Property 4 different floor plans available with 2 or 3 bedrooms. Homes offer: open floor plan, large master bedroom with private bath, cozy fireplace, custom kitchen cabinets, granite counter tops, 2 car garage stall (24' deep). Building plans available for Villas from 1458 to 1758 square feet. Association fee of $180 includes: Sanitation, Snow/Lawn Care, & Outside maintenance.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolBy Loren Seibold | 14 October 2018 | When I was a child growing up on the Great Plains, there was a town not far from us that every years held what they called “Pioneer Days”. It was innocent enough. There was a parade through town of antique cars and tractors and horse-drawn buggies and […]
Read more at the source: The Past with a Future, Day 1—Morning Report
Article excerpt posted on en.intercer.net from Adventist Today.Fort Smith Crossdressing Escorts
There are many erotic crossdressing escorts in Fort Smith & right now we will hook you up with them. The best website to locate those erotic crossdressing escorts is right here on the Web & right now you may look through our extensive listing of Fort Smith crossdressing escorts to find the escort that's right for you.
Start Searching Searching is 100% private.
Find out how many Crossdressing live by Montana.
Find out how many Crossdressing live by Montana.DAMASCUS (AFP) - Turkey has handed over to Syrian authorities a pilot who was arrested by Ankara after his aircraft crashed near the border of the two neighbouring countries, official media said Friday.
Syrian news agency SANA said the 56-year-old pilot -- who managed to bail out of his aircraft before it went down in Turkey in March -- was released by Turkish authorities on Thursday.
Turkey s Dogan news agency said a court ordered his release pending a trial for "espionage" and "violating the frontier" and that he had been transferred overnight Thursday to a centre for migrants.
SANA identified the pilot as Mohammed Sufan and said "he has been handed over to the competent (Syrian) authorities".
The announcement of his release comes amid a warming of ties between Turkey, which backs Syrian opposition fighters, and Russia which supports President Bashar al-Assad s regime.
On Friday, Turkey said it had deployed dozens of soldiers in the Syrian northwestern province of Idlib to establish "observation posts".
Idlib is one of four so-called "de-escalation" zones under a deal brokered by Russia, Turkey and Iran in May, as part of a major push to still fighting in war-torn Syria.Yes, I am sounding like a bit of a broken record as I continue to track down strong leads relating to the various investigations involving Dellen Millard.
A few people have recently told me I should just stop researching and reporting on the story and, among other suggestions, let the lawyers and police take care of it. I find this a curious attitude given what we know about everything that’s transpired so far, so I won’t be taking that advice. I am, however, always happy to hear feedback even when it’s not particularly positive.
Yo can email me at ann.brocklehurst@gmail.com or leave a comment if you prefer.Double D Ranch Velvet Top ~ Las Espuelas ~ T3175
Oo la Las Espuelas! This DD Ranch black button-down is over the top beautiful in a luxurious velvet, featuring Mexican-style hand-embroidered sleeves and bold silver concho buttons for that little something extra. The relaxed fit is universally flattering, and works paired with virtually any leggings. Available in Black or Storm. Y'all this is sooooo gorgeous
- fit: relaxed
- velvet top with button down front, metal buttons, collar
- embroidery, braided cording, sew on studs
- 65% viscose, 35% silk
- T3175Some decades back, owning a car was for the well up in society. The good news is that you can now purchase a used car according to your budget. Owning a car is now necessary due to the growing economy and the need to attend to personal and work-related matters.
Engine Size
The size of the engine determines the amount of fuel consumption. Therefore, do your research and buy a car that will suit your budget.
Budget
Set a budget and stick to it. Visit various used car dealerships and compare prices. Most dealers do not have fixed prices. You can negotiate for the best price. Check used cars for sale Huntsville-based and get more advice on which car to choose within your budget.
Do a Car Inspection
Even if you are familiar with cars, it is advisable to have a car inspected by a trusted mechanic. They’ll check the car’s interior and exterior and ensure everything is working right.
Warranty
Ensure to check the car’s warranty before purchasing. You may get a vehicle covered by third –party warranty or the warranty has expired if the car is over 3-4 years. If the car isn’t covered, you can buy an extended warranty.
Financing
You can take a bank loan, use your savings or get financing through a dealership to buy your dream car. Do your research on what is expected before getting a loan. Have the correct documents such as proof of identity, residency, or income.
Test Driving
It is best to test drive a used car before buying it. Do you feel comfortable and secure with it? Ensure you have a trusted companion who will help you check the car and give you honest reviews.
Lifestyle
It is necessary to take home a car which serves your lifestyle. For example, you can purchase a business or a family car. Take time and decide on which type of vehicle serves your purpose.
Confirm the Car’s Details
Ensure the details of the car match the paperwork. Some people sell stolen cars, so be on the lookout. First, ask for the details of the previous owner and verify the logbook. Next, request your car dealership for a vehicle search history report.
Available Spare Parts
This is a crucial factor to consider when buying a second-hand car. It can be stressful to buy a car whose spare parts aren’t available at the local auto shop or garage.
Check the Car’s Review
Research the car you intend to buy to help you make an informed decision. Car manufacturers give only positive reviews about their models, so you may not know the correct information. Check the reviews on the car’s website or ask the previous owner.
A used car can give you the luxury you want, but you must be keen before buying one. There are many scammers in the car business. Do due diligence before approaching a dealership to avoid buying a stolen vehicle. Enjoy your ride, and remember to take your car for servicing regularly.Directions
Please answer ONE of the following questions:
Compare the Res Gestae Divi Augusti to the Lives of the Twelve Caesars (source 6.3). How is the power of the emperors portrayed? Are there significant differences from Augustus to Caligula or Claudius?
Compare how Augustus portrays power over his religiously diverse empire to the same authority displayed in the letters from Pliny the Younger to Trajan. How do the two emperors address their authority over religious matters? Are they the same or are their approaches different? Why do you think this?
Order this solution To Analyze Roman Society under Augustus on our client site: gpafix.comWith our years of experience and knowledge, we are engaged in offering a wide collection of Slub Lycra Fabric Girls Top. The offered top is comfy to wear and is best suitable for jogging and doing exercise. The designing of the girls top is made under the management of an adept team of experts which assure the fitting of the girls top. Also, our offered Slub Lycra Fabric Girls Top provides the perfect fitting to the wearer. Perfect design, excellent colors, trendy and soft fabric are qualities of offered girls top.A woman’s right to abortion is not about freedom of religion
Steve Collins (“Quit trying to change beliefs,” Feb. 10) brought up the separation of church and state (or if you want to be fancy, the establishment clause) in an argument against having abortions preformed in a county-funded institution because “the county would be supporting one religious view over another.”
This is curious since a woman’s right to a safe abortion is not about religious freedom, it is about a woman’s right to make her own health choices.
The abortion issue is not about religion, it is about a woman’s control of her life. If you do not morally agree with abortion, then don’t have one. You have made your own moral choice. The courts have said that no one else has the right to make that moral decision for a woman.
“The right of privacy S is broad enough to encompass a woman’s decision whether or not to terminate her pregnancy.” (Roe v. Wade, 1973).
Don’t forget, Mr. Collins, that you’re not the only one paying taxes. I may not choose to have an abortion due to my personal convictions, but I still stand up for the right of each woman to make her own health and moralBlack South Easterby Brandon Edmonds / 03.08.2010
Sometimes you want to drop the critical apparatus. Drop it hard. So it cracks and all the unsaid things spill out. Objectivity is such a bitch. It’s Nurse Ratchett in One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest. A forbidding, tight-lipped, essentially perverse rule-setting party-pooper. It’s also entirely necessary – otherwise the lunatics take over the asylum, and nothing gets done. So there’s the tension. It’s a tussle defining the evolution of consciousness. Rules, rationality and freedom. This over-reaching language (in what is essentially a webzine, or a “youth culture tabloid” as someone put it to me) is seldom justified. Write like this for academia. For LitCrit quarterlies published by sapless pedants in Grahamstown, in Vermont, in Berkeley, in Walthamstow and Knysna. Indeed. Kid’s want snark. They want outrage. They want gonzo excess. Online life is sordid, shallow, aggressive and low. On the whole. Not this time! This time we’re keeping it classy, Sandiago. Because fuck me with a feral legion of priapic Werewolves (all the disgruntled LA gym boys who failed the Twilight cut), fuck me with a mountain-sized dildo fashioned from the melted down chassis’ of a squadron of Black Hawks, fuck me with the still-frozen head of Walt Disney – the new Benguela CD is stupendously good!
Their CD launch at the Theatre in the District, a fine stone church, was easily the best live thingy I’ve seen this year. Along with sinuously affecting slacker geetar maestro, Righard Kapp, finally over his maudlin hibernation, Benguela put on a staggeringly convincing display of invented, conjured sound – feeling each other out like amorous pickpockets, taking time over the song, letting it rise, supernaturally sensitive to sonic possibility, to drawing wonders from tiny piles of off-notes and repetitions, until locking messily onto a riff you feel you helped fathom, just by being there, so involving and open-ended is their approach. This is star-kissed movie music for open minds. Music filthy with ideas. Expansively seductive. Out of control control. You want to drive to it. Conceive to it. You want surgeons opening the top of your head to pour it all in. Bathe your children in it. Cut grass to it. Make bonfires as it peals from the speakers. Slip it into the purses of nuns. Have its musical notation tattooed onto loved ones. Too much? Who cares? Shit this good is rare as dreams that come true. As everlasting love.
The CD Black Southeaster is now out on Kapp’s garage label Jaunted Haunts Press. They carry all Kapp’s work, obviously, as well as winsome sprite Ella Joyce Buckley, and the Buckfever Underground: all worth rooting around in if you’re remotely beguiled by homemade quality. It’s probably germane to run through the band and their pedigree. Brydon Bolton is on double bass. He looks like he’s wearing a life-size Jerry Garcia costume. The same girth. The same beard. Except The Grateful Dead never had a bass monster like Brydon. The man plucks like Farmer Brown (“Pacific Gyre”). He’s the chthonic core of the band. He plays like its Berlin in the 1930s. Dramatic and true. Bum-quaking bass notes. Deep reach groove. Alex Bozas on guitar has moments on this release (“Killer Frog Fungus”) that take axe play to Mothers of Invention levels of free flowing skronking beauty. If there’s a more supple and inventive guitarist in the country, I’ll drink a hatful of sputum. Which brings us to the drummer. I’ll never laugh at drummer jokes again. Ross Campbell is the drumming equivalent of the greatest period in your life. Think back. Maybe you were young. Maybe you were rich. Maybe you were getting some. He’s that good. Nothing less than life-affirming. The kind of facility and grace you find in tightrope walkers and ballerina’s. Real artists. Listen to him smack up a storm on the titular “Black Southeaster” – this is John Bonham heavy, yet shot through with precision and deftness. Control and release. Hear him sweetly tap “Meridian” into teeming life and try with all your might not to bob your head in unison. Bob your head, and bow. This band redeems us all. If South African music is Dorothy’s Kansas homestead – Benguela is the tornado. You need this.
TERMS OF REFERENCE FOR THE DESIGN AND IMPLEMENTATION OF THE FINAL PROJECT PROMOTION Within the project: “Support to Development of Agricultural Cooperatives”
Background
CARE International is a federation of international non-government organizations implementing its programs for fighting poverty and social injustice in more than 90 countries throughout the world. CARE has been active in the Balkans region since 1993. Over the years, CARE’s program has expanded and developed.
„Macedonian Enterprise Development Foundation“ (MEDF) is a NGO with a vision of decreased poverty, increased employment and established social cohesion. Its mission is to support the development of SMEs and it has 20 years of experience in promoting entrepreneurship, supporting businesses, in project management, capacity building, developing partnerships and providing financial services to SMEs (micro and small loans). Since 1998, through its financial intermediaries, MEDF has distributed 50.7 million EUR to 14,525 clients, most of whom were local farmers.
CARE and MEDF are currently implementing the project Support to Development of Agricultural Cooperatives, funded by the European Union and implemented throughout North Macedonia. The project aims at contributing to higher productivity and competitiveness of agriculture sector. Namely, to improve the current situation in the segment of agricultural production of individual farmers, the project works on increasing market competitiveness and cooperation among farmers in the Country, through creating favourable conditions for the development of the existing and creation of new agricultural cooperatives. Project expected results are:
- Op 1: Legal framework regulating agricultural cooperatives is revised, through a joint work of the project team and associates, MAFWE and a cooperatives’ umbrella organization.
- Op 2: Capacity of a selected umbrella organization of agricultural cooperatives strengthened.
- Op 3.1: Increased awareness on benefits of cooperatives, among farmers, businesses and general public.
- Op 3.2: Data base created with information on existing agricultural cooperatives willing to expand and farmers’ groups willing to establish new cooperatives and receive support for development.
- Op 4: Technical and financial support provided for the development of 8 existing and creation of 12 new cooperatives
The project Support to Development of Agricultural Cooperatives is in its final stage with numerous significant results achieved. Some of them include:
- Financial and technical support for 19 agricultural cooperatives (list of grantees with names and locations is presented as annex 2 of this ToR).
- Support for empowerment of the Umbrella organization of the agricultural cooperatives of North Macedonia, building it as a sustainable body with superior capacity for representing the interests of its members.
- Development of one and amendment of four national laws to ease establishment and functioning of agricultural cooperatives.
- Development of multipurpose Monitoring Software for the Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Water Economy (MAFWE), to monitor performances of agricultural cooperatives.
- Development of the Strategy for Development of Agricultural Cooperatives for MAFWE.
Purpose of the consultancy
CARE International is looking to engage an external expert/organisation/company to design and produce project promotional materials to publicise the final project results.
Consultancy tasks and outputs:
- Preparation of minimum 5 press releases around the main project information and results, suitable for distribution to media, publication via social media and websites.
- Design of the project brochure (with the text compiled in communication with the CARE Project Manager) with a short depiction of each of the 19 granted agricultural cooperatives, also main success points from the cooperation with the Ministry and the Umbrella organization and lessons learned from the project achieved results.
- Design and printing of the project flyers in Macedonian and English, summarizing project achievements (the text and design will be approved by the CARE Project Manager).
- Project promotional video with testimonials from beneficiaries and stakeholders, lasting 3-4 minutes, with presentation of the selected project results. The video should be in local languages, with the subtitling in English (translation should be provided by the consultants, subject to CARE’s approval), suitable for broadcasting at events, TV, YouTube, Facebook and websites of CARE Balkans and the project partner organisation MEDF.
- Video production should consist of the following: Determining specific goals of the short video and proposing a detailed scenario, agreeing on the final script with CARE Project Manager (the text for the video is one of the consultancy deliverables). Creating the preliminary video. Presentation to CARE Project Manager and adjusting the final version in agreement with CARE. Translation and subtitling in English. Delivery in full HD resolution video in a form agreed with CARE Project Manager.
- The video will convey information around project results, however it will insist on keeping attention of the viewers through a dynamic content. The video should contain original background music, or the background music waved of any copyrights that would demand licensing. The consultants will ensure highest quality of video and audio recording, suitable for presentation at the final project event. The video should strictly follow CARE and Donor visibility standards. The consultants will ensure highest quality of language in the video, as well as highest quality of translations and subtitling in English.
- Design and printing of 150 copies of tote bags used for the final project event.
- Construction for 1 fence banner Frontlit PVC tarpaulin, that will be used for the final project event.
All designs will be the subject of control and approval by CARE Project Manager prior to actual production of promo materials.
The orientation quantity and specifications of promotional materials developed within the consultancy, are provided in the Appendix 1 to this ToR. The final agreement on the materials and number of copies to be produced will be made with CARE Project Manager.
All promotional products need to encompass mentioning of the Project and the usage of its visual identity elements. The materials will be developed in line with CARE and EU visibility guidelines and containing visual identity elements of CARE and MEDF.
CARE’s Outputs
- Provide all necessary information and documentation on the projects to the Vendor;
- Provide to the Vendor the CARE and EU visibility guidelines;
- Agree on the work plan with the Vendor;
- Coordinate with the vendor throughout the consultancy period.
Schedule
The Consultant/Organization will be engaged in the period July 28 – September 10, 2021.
Payment
The detailed payment schedule will be outlined in the Consultancy Contract. The final payments will be made upon the work completion and the approval by the Project Manager.
Required qualification of the Individual Consultant/Company:
- Relevant university degree in design, video production, marketing or similar (for individuals).
- Minimum 9 years of experience in designing of promotional materials in the country.
- Extensive proven experience in multimedia, marketing and print design.
- Excellence and proven previous experience in quality visual design.
- Excellent storytelling and writing skills in Macedonian language.
- Passionate and inventive creator/s of innovative promotional materials.
The Consultant’s bid/application should consist of the following:
- CVs of the key campaign consultants (preferably in EU Format) with the detailed information concerning experience in designing promotional campaigns.
- Bid – financial offer: the Consultant shall suggest costs for entire consultancy (including printing costs) in MKD based on the depicted task. The project is funded through European Union and registered in SEA and PRO thus released from paying VAT. All costs proposed shall be without VAT. The Consultant should make a breakdown of costs, including different activities and types of costs (per brochure, flyer, per video etc.).
- List of references on previous similar consultancies.
There is no standard format for the bid.
Interested candidates are invited to send the applications in English to the e-mail: care.macedonia@care.org
Deadline for applications is July 26, 2021.
Only the selected applicants will be contacted.
For any additional information concerning the application, please contact:
Dragan Peric, CARE Project Manager dragan.peric@care.org
Annex 1 – Preliminary list of the promotional products
Annex 2 – List of grantees with names and locationsManually moving uterus.. Anyone?
I had my 14 week doctor appointment today and the doctor said that I am still very tilted back and the uterus is bent or folded. If course I searched and found terrifying accounts of incarcerated uteruses and miscarriage. She said if by my next appointment (18 weeks) it is not in the right position, she will need to manually move it. I'll need to get on all fours and she will use her fingers to move it... Via the...uh.. Back door.
Has anyone heard/been through this? Help!
Ummm alll I got is OUCH!!!! Hopefully your body gets it together before then. Also try the google search over searching bbc. BBC's search function is terrible.
- Posted 8/10/14Oh my! I have no idea, but my uterus is very retroflexed too, so I'm interested in hearing the responses.
- Posted 8/10/14No! You've got to be kidding! Tell me you're kidding!
- sPosted 8/10/14
Woah! Omg, I'm so sorry you will have to go through that! I've never even heard of that. Bless your heart sweetie, I hope someone can give you better insight and maybe their experience.
- All my friends keep joking that she better at least buy me dinner first. Ha!
I'm terrified. She did an internal exam and said she won't be able to move it that way.. Hence, the other opening.
Tell me there is something magical I can do to make it move!
(I so wish I was kidding.)
- kro10 said:All my friends keep joking that she better at least buy me dinner firs…
Oooooo Go check out spinning babies. There are exercises on there to help with your alignment of everything down there so that might help. Also try a few chiropractic adjustments as just getting everything in proper alignment might be enough to help it pop out.
- brandip2014 said:No! You've got to be kidding! Tell me you're kidding!
I can't even explain how badly I am wincing for her.
- Ouch, but I have heard of this. Never had it done though. Hope your body regulates. (And as your uterus grows, make sure you are able to pass your bowels. It can cause an obstruction and need to be moved earlier for your continued health).
- Paranoid Libra said:
Oooooo Go check out spinning babies. There are exercises on there …Yes! Awesome advice! Thank you!
I am desperate to try (almost) anything.
I have a severely retroverted uterus that didn't flip with my first pregnancy until almost 16 weeks. My midwife luckily didn't tell me what they would do if it didn't, she just said that they would need to monitor me and then figure out how to address it if it didn't move. I really hope that your uterus flips soon. There is a lot of growth between now and then, so hopefully that will flip it forward.While wedding is the ultimate dream for any girl and wedding planning is the tiny trailer that gives both the parties a sneak peak of their future togetherness. While people often consider wedding and wedding planning women’s task, these days, most of the to-be-brides are preferring to plan it together with their grooms. Men, being a new entree to the game, often get tagged as being weird/confused/indecisive when trying to help their partner make decisions. So, what are the things that a bride wishes her groom would say to her during their wedding planning?
1. Let’s fix a date for card selection.
As opposed to how men instantly vanish into thin air if you tell them to accompany you in selecting wedding cards, this would have made the brainstorming task of card selection so much easier.
2. If you want, we can go simple.
Perhaps, the most desired line a bride wishes to hear from her groom before or during wedding planning. Keeping in mind the soaring prices, everybody is trying to save as much as possible. But, due to social norms and pressure, it has become a tradition to spend large on weddings. An assurance like this from the groom would make any bride feel on top of the world.
3. Let’s share the cost.
Nothing like having your partner by your side who is willing to share the entire cost of the wedding. So, girls, if your groom says this, marry him right away.
4. Let me help you select the wedding dress.
Now, that makes a man undoubtedly hotter than a tuxedo. Grooms, take a note of this if you want to make her fall hard for you.
5. Let me take you to a massage session.
Wedding planning can be pretty exhausting for girls. So, they would melt right away if their grooms ask to take them to a massage/hot tub/mud bath after a long, tiring day.
6. Your pre-wedding salon bills are on me.
A wedding planning requires a girl to go out and finish all the outdoor tasks. Long exposure to sun and pollution eventually take a toll on the skin and hair. But, can a girl afford to get tan or semi-burnt hair just before the wedding? Wouldn’t it be the sweetest thing to hear for the bride if the groom takes responsibility of the beauty sessions?
7. You look stressed, let me make you a coffee.
Just after getting back to home finishing all the invitations, all you need is a cup of coffee. But, you are too tired to make one for yourself as well as for the groom who has come to drop you.
8. My love would be same even if you buy less jewellery
Once again, if you ever hear a guy saying this, forget the wedding planning and marry him right away. He’s a sweetheart!
9. I am just a call away, always.
Often, during this wedding planning period, situations arise when girls need to consult with their grooms urgently before taking a decision. But, guys remain unavailable, mostly, due to their professional commitments. So, a guy saying this is a prize catch. You need to treasure him.
10. We gonna make it through.
Wedding planning often leaves girls confused, worried, anxious, scared and what not. All you need is a hand to hold yours and a reassuring presence of that special one. What else do you need to make it through?
Featured image courtesy: The Team PhotographersThe old way to refurbish the screen and back glass is to replace the front glass and back glass, which requires experienced technicians to operate and the cost of wholesale refurbishment is too high. The grinding and polishing machine recommended this time is specifically designed to solve this problem in refurbishment. For the front and back glass with smaller scratches, the grinding and polishing machine only needs 3-6 minutes to complete refurbishment while bigger scratches require 8-12 minutes, which shows great power in refurbishment.Refurbishing the screen and back glass is a necessary step for refurbishing factories and pre-owned phone recycling companies.
The old way to refurbish the screen is to replace the front glass, which is not only difficult but also costly. The front glass replacement will affect the price of the phone and jeopardize profits.
And the back glass refurbishment is more difficult. You can refer to our old back glass refurbishment videos for details.
Therefore, the emergence of the polishing and grinding machine can greatly improve the efficiency of phone refurbishment and reduce the refurbishment cost effectively. Moreover, the operation is relatively simple. After setting the parameters, there is almost no modification. You can start the work by pressing the button directly. For.
Next, we will show you how the grinding and polishing machine works and operates by refurbishing two phones and a Samsung curved screen assembly. The machine refurbishes the phone by grinding the scratches away. So the screen looks like a brand new screen.
Case 1: Screen Polishing
First of all, let’s refurbish the screen of the iPhone X. Turn off the phone. There are multiple scratches on the screen.
Get the iPhone X mold and put the phone into it. Since the machine works with special polishing water, we must make sure that the phone is waterproof before the operation. Please be noted that the phone may have water damage and faults if we fail to make it waterproof. To make the phone waterproof, fill the sides and ear speaker mesh of the phone with waterproof adhesive. When applying the adhesive, be careful not to let the adhesive spill onto the screen. Otherwise, the edge of the screen will be uneven after grinding. If the adhesive spills onto the screen, you can use a lint-free wipe to slowly erase.
Put the phone into the UV Lamp to solidify the adhesive.The machine comes with 4 mold plates. Two are single mold plates and the others are double mold plates. Put the phone mold face up into the mold plate. Prepare the polishing and grinding.
The machine uses a water circulation system. The polishing water is brought into the machine by a pump, which can be reused.. But for beginners, it's hard to judge the required time according to the size of the scratch, and we advise to grind and polish the screen several times. After the grinding and polishing have completed, remove the waterproof adhesive and take out the phone with a suction cup.
The phone works fine and the scratches are successfully removed. Because the machine works by grinding the outermost layer of the screen away, the screen now doesn’t have the hydrophobic effect. So we need to coat the screen with oleophobic coating.
Put the phone into the UV Lamp to solidify for 30 seconds. The screen now has the hydrophobic effect.
Case 2: Back Glass Polishing
The back glass refurbishment has always been a difficulty. The current refurbishment method is to replace the rear cover directly or replace the back glass with a laser machine.
Refurbish with the polishing and grinding machine can keep the original back cover of the phone. This not only helps refurbishing factories to improve efficiency but also helps resell refurbished phones. Then we will use the machine to remove the scratches on the back glass of the iPhone 8.Turn off the phone. There are obvious scratches on the back glass. Put the phone into the phone mold. Areas that need to be waterproofed include the noise-canceling microphone, the rear camera, and the edge of the phone. After putting the phone into the UV Lamp to solidify for 10 seconds, place the mold plate in the grinding area with the back glass facing down.
Press the reset button and start the machine. The grinding and polishing have completed. Remove the waterproof adhesive and take out the phone with a suction cup.
The phone can be turned on and the camera works fine. The scratches have been successfully removed. Since the grinding and polishing time is short, there are some scratches at the bottom. You can grind and polish again until the scratches are gone.
Next, apply oleophobic coating to the back glass for a hydrophobic effect. Test the hydrophobic effect with alcohol. The hydrophobic effect returns to normal.
Case 3：Samsung Curved Screen Polishing
The machine supports the refurbishment of the Samsung curved screen. Take the Samsung screen assembly for example. There are multiple scratches on the top and side of the screen.
Get the mold for the screen. Grind and polish for ten minutes. We can see that scratches on the top and side of the screen are removed.
The tools needed for the grinding and polishing machine are UV Lamp and Air Compressor. The supplies needed are polishing powder, waterproof adhesive, waterproof gun, oleophobic coating, sanding blanket, glue needle, roller, and phone mold.
REWA offers a complete screen and back glass refurbishment solution, which includes all tools and supplies. To meet different needs, we also offer machines that can refurbish 2, 8, and 16 phones at the same time. If you need the grinding and polishing machine, you can contact us at sales@rewatechnology.com to learn more about the details. Thanks for reading and feel free to leave a comment.
1
0
Apr 23, 2021
REWA is a world leading electronics repair business solutions provider who was founded in 2008 in HongKong. We are committed to delivering one-stop services covering Sourcing Solution, Technical Support Solution as well as Recycle & Resell Solution.WE SEEK TO EQUIP ARAB BELIEVERS WITH A DEPTH OF KNOWLEDGE OF SCRIPTURES, RESULTING IN TRANSFORMATION AT BOTH THE STUDENTS’ PERSONAL AND MINISTRY LEVELS.
Overview
Are you passionate about seeing the Kingdom expanded in the midst of the tumultuous times that the Middle East encounters readily? Are you interested in seeing a transformation of a region that is often portrayed through the lens of brokenness and war?
Here at Bethlehem Bible College, we are keenly aware of the importance of sharing the Gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ in this region. We have recently developed an entirely online-based Biblical Studies Program in Arabic, which allows Arabs from all over the world to access our material and enroll in our classes with a click of a button. We believe wholeheartedly that this is part of our calling to train people to serve Christ around the world.
Large numbers of people in the region are coming to Christ, but have few resources to help them dive deeper in their faith and ministries. Our main focus with the Online Diploma Program in Biblical Studies is to help our students dig deeper in God’s Word, and attain a depth of knowledge in Scriptures and Theology that will allow them to thrive in their ministry and calling. The Church is growing in number, but there is often a depth that is missing after one names Jesus as Lord and Savior. Our aim in launching this specialized program is to bring depth to those who are involved in the ministry of the Word or have a strong calling for it, whether through evangelism, discipleship, preaching or teaching.
Curriculum
At its core, the curriculum being taught is centered around the Bible. Developed by professors of Theology at Bethlehem Bible College in collaboration with the Middle East Association for Theological Education (MEATE), this Bible-centric curriculum sets the foundation upon which the various ministries of Word, including teaching, preaching, evangelism, and discipleship can thrive. The program consists of 18 courses. Thirteen of these courses are in Biblical Studies, and 5 cover various topics pertaining to church history, comparative religion, and Christian life and ministry. By the end of the program, the student should have grown not only in their faith, but also in their ministry of the Word of God.
Our Students
Launched in September of 2016, the Diploma in Online Biblical Studies Program currently has more than fifty students enrolled. Many of the students are receiving their training for ministry through our program, and are already involved in the ministries of evangelism, discipleship, church planting, preaching, and teaching in their communities. Our students represent more than ten different Arab nationalities, and live in fourteen different countries across the world, in the Middle East, North Africa, East Asia, Europe, and North America.
The program includes 18 courses, 13 of these courses cover topics related to the Bible, and 5 courses cover various topics pertaining to church history, comparative studies, and Christian life and ministry.
The courses are categorized as follows:
Each academic year is divided into three terms. In each term, a number of courses is offered, and students can register for any course they need while keeping in consideration the sequence of some courses.
Generally speaking, students are recommended to register in 2 or 3 courses per term. Full time study of the program (3 courses per term) would insure that the student would finish the program in two years. Through part time study (average of 2 courses per term), the student would finish the program in 3 years.
With the completion of the program’s courses successfully, the student will receive a diploma certificate in Biblical Studies from Bethlehem Bible College. Students also have the option to study in the program for personal reasons without pursuing a diploma certificate, and will instead receive a transcript for the courses they completed successfully.
FULL TIME
The following table shows the recommended division of courses for the full-time study plan. On average, students would enroll in 3 courses per term, where each course would require around 6 to 8 of study hours per week (a total of 18-24 hours of weekly study).
FIRST YEAR
First Semester
Second Semester
Third Semester
SECOND YEAR
First Semester
Second Semester
Third Semester
PART TIME
The following table shows the recommended division of courses for the part-time study plan. On average students would take 2 courses per term, where each course would require around 6 to 8 hours of study hours per week (a total of 12-16 hours of weekly study).
FIRST YEAR
First Semester
Second Semester
Third Semester
SECOND YEAR
First Semester
Second Semester
Third Semester
THIRD YEAR
First Semester
Second Semester
Third Semester
In a diligent effort to make the material offered in this course accessible to our students across the world, the entirety of the program is online. Our instructors provide readings, locally produced video lectures, learning activities, forum discussions and live video conferencing to make the program as engaging and impactful as possible. At the core, the desire of our professors and instructors in this program is to create a space where students can further their knowledge of the Scripture, but also be connected to a community of believers that will walk alongside them through their own faith journey. This online community also provides pastoral care with regular calls and check-ins, as this is the only Christian community some of your students have.
Due to the variation of backgrounds and work settings that our students come from, we offer two different study modes for most of our courses to help accommodate for those that may not be able to comply with a traditional academic time-frame.
Interactive Study Mode: Students begin their study alongside their classmates at the designated time, and finish the course in about 14-15 weeks. Courses are generally divided into 10 lessons, whereas the student is given a week to finish the requirements of each lesson (around 7 hours of study per week). Each course includes a midterm (or more), and a final exam. This study method is interactive in the sense that the students engage with each other through discussion forums and video conferences.
Independent Study Mode: This study mode gives the students the flexibility to study at their own pace. A course is usually divided into two or three parts over a longer period of time (around 17 weeks). This option is ideal for those who cannot commit to the weekly study because of familial or vocational obligations. At the same time, the student loses the ability to engage with his classmates through discussion forums and video conferences. Opportunities for direct conversations with the instructors are always available, however.
ONLINE DEPARTMENT
Anton Deik
Daniel Bannoura
Lecturer in Church History and Comparative Religion. He has a Master’s degrees in Theology from the London School of Theology, and a second Master’s degree in Islamic Studies from the University of Chicago. His research interests include medieval philosophy, Arab Christian theology, and Christian-Muslim relations.
Bahjat Khader
Teaching and administrative assistant for the Online Program in Biblical Studies. Bahjat attained his Master’s in Divinity from the Near East School of Theology in Beirut. He is a licensed preacher through the Lutheran Diocese in Jordan and the Holy Land, and has taught Christian education in local schools.
OTHER ONLINE INSTRUCTORS
Rev. Dr. Jack Sara
President of Bethlehem Bible College and a lecturer in Christian Life and Ministry. He holds a DMin in Missions and Cross-Cultural Studies from Gordon-Conwell Theological Seminary. He also served as a pastor for thirteen years at the Evangelical Alliance Church in Jerusalem.
Dr. Yohanna Katanacho
Academic Dean at Nazareth Evangelical College, and professor of Biblical Studies at Bethlehem Bible College. He holds a PhD from Trinity University in the United States. He has written many books including The Land of Christ and contributed to the Kairos Palestine Document.
Dr. Salim Munayer
Professor of Theology and Comparative Religion. He holds a Ph.D from the Oxford Centre for Mission Studies in England. He has written several articles and books including Through My Enemies Eyes.
Rev. Dr. Munther Isaac
Current Academic Dean and Assistant Professor at Bethlehem Bible College. He holds a PhD from the Oxford Centre for Mission Studies in England. He has published a number of academic articles in addition to his most recent book, From Land to Lands, from Eden to the Renewed Earth: A Christ-Centred Biblical Theology of the Promised Land.
Pierre Tannous
Current Dean of Student Affairs at Nazareth Evangelical College. He obtained his Master’s degree in Christian Ministry from Torch Trinity University in South Korea. He serves the Church of God in Haifa through preaching and teaching.
Grace Al-Zoughbi
Coordinator of the BA Biblical Studies Program at Bethlehem Bible College. She obtained her Master’s degree from the London School of Theology and is pursuing her doctorate at the South African College of Theology.
Program Duration
Full Time: 2 Years
Part Time: 3 Years
Number of Courses
18 Courses (54 Credit Hours)
Program Cost
The cost per student per course on the college is $750. However, in order to make the program feasible for our students, we offer each course for $99 per student. Still most of our students receive big discounts given their difficult circumstances, and only 10% of them are able to pay the full $99. We rely on friends and churches around the world to cover the bulk of our annual budget.
Get Involved
1. Pray for our online faculty and students.
2. Give towards student scholarships. A gift of $750 will cover the cost of enrolling an Arab student in one of our courses.
3. Share about the program. Help us reach out to new students and find new partners.
Bahjat Khader, Program Coordinator (b.khader@bethbc.edu)
WHAT STUDENTS SAY
Munir - Syrian living in Belgium
I believe I was led by the Holy Spirit and stirred by a sense of responsibility to preach and teach the Bible in my church communities in Antwerp, Belgium. It was my honor to enroll in the Online Diploma in Biblical Studies Program at Bethlehem Bible College. I was driven by a passion to study the Bible in a systematic and organized manner, and was eager to grow in my knowledge of the Bible, and come close to God through study and prayer. This has already started to come true in my life, as since I started studying in the program, my eyes were opened to biblical truths that helped my spiritual growth and understanding of God’s relationship with people. The Spirit of God also gave me understanding and wisdom of His word, that was reflected positively in my ministry, especially among non-believers.
Lama - Jordan
I decided to enroll in the Online Diploma in Biblical Studies program at a stage in my life where I felt that it was the time I get to know the Lord deeply, and to pursue a life filled with the Spirit. The Online Program requires a great deal of diligence, commitment, and careful reading and study. I found that the study material in the courses is comprehensive, accurate, interactive and informative. I was expecting this program to provide me with the theological, historical and cultural backgrounds of the Bible, but it gave me more than that. Through spending time daily studying the Word of God, my relationship with God has deepened and got more intimate in the truest sense. This study has made me pause to reflect on my life and my Christian values, through learning what the Lord desires for our lives. This gradually redefined my life’s priorities, and stirred in me new desires for ministry, patience and love for people around me. In short, this program is much more than mere study – it is a spiritual journey in which we more and more draw closer to the Lord each and every day.
Mira - Arab Country
Ever since my Savior found me, I have been living in the fold of His grace. I moved from darkness and slavery of reckless ideologies to the light of eternal life. His word has been my light and lantern, that He lit in my loins. I do not believe that there are limits to learn about God’s Word and His kingdom. I prayed in the Spirit that my Savior would hold my hand and lead me to His word until I reached a great blessing in my life, namely “Bethlehem Bible College”. My study in this college is based on the Bible of truth. Its educational program is comprehensive of all the basics and applications of the Christian life. The course content is structured with academic rigor and depth, yet presented in an encouraging and smooth manner. Further, the most incredible aspect of my study is the presence of first-rate staff, academics and pastors, who exert academic and theological aptitude that is supported by an attitude of humble and brotherly service that stems from our Lord Jesus Christ.
Abu Ayman – Arab Country
I was eager to know the Bible and to dig deeper into the Word of God. I used to pray asking for the guidance of the Holy Spirit, even though I didn’t have any knowledge about spiritual life, or how to pray or what to say. I was struggling as I wanted to share the Word of God with others, but lacked the necessary skills and knowledge to do that. Therefore, I looked for a place where I could learn the Bible, until I came across Bethlehem Bible College through searching on the internet, and enrolled in the Online Diploma in Biblical Studies Program. This program has equipped me with many things. Particularly, this program deepened my knowledge of God, strengthened my relationship with Christ, and taught me many spiritual disciplines, like prayer, fasting, evangelism, and much more.Zackitoo
by Lujjyy
Mi Zacki hermosoo
More Film and TV Themes
Lee Hong Ki as Jeremy in A.N.JELL
1 Daily User
ONE_PIECE_SKULL
2 Daily Users
term salva 4
1 Daily User
test123maitaci
1 Daily User
megan fox eran
1 Daily User
More by this Artist
Zac Efronn--Lujjy
0 Daily Users
Zac by Lujy
1 Daily User
To create your own collections, you must have a Mozilla Add-ons account.
or log in to your current accountConquering the Monster
MeetingContinue reading “Conquering the Monster”
Still Spinning
Twenty.Continue reading “Still Spinning”
Writer as Creator
MeContinue reading “Writer as Creator”
At Cloud Level
Last week I loaded my four-year-old son into a child carrier backpack, reassured my six-year-old and eight-year-old that they were stronger than they knew, and trekked up into the high Uinta Mountains. At ground level I noticed every flower with a keenness that bordered on distraction, something I couldn’t continually give into without hindering myContinue reading “At Cloud Level”
My FriendContinue reading “My Friend”
The Humanity of Victor Frankenstein’s Creation
What makes humans distinctly different than the average animal is our capacity for self-reflection, complex thought processes, and reason. Humankind possesses complex languages, unsurpassed intellect, and abstract thought. Beyond mere brainpower, humans also have great capability for compassion and altruism. Still, all this considered, we are perhaps the only creature on earth who premeditates causingContinue reading “The Humanity of Victor Frankenstein’s Creation”
The Wasatch Front, in all its Smoggy, Smoky Glory
The Wasatch Front has been muted into dusty gray views of city and old mountains, weathered by ancient seas and canyon winds and now softened in haze of summer smoke. It’s a fishbowl. The Wasatch Mountains to the east and the Oquirrh mountains to the west trap air- and particulate- against the earth. The omnipresentContinue reading “The Wasatch Front, in all its Smoggy, Smoky Glory”
West Side Musings
In the kind of neighborhood where everyone carries a lighter, kids pass by barbecues and ask for some, unabashed, and ladies of the night walk by in the same strand as Mormon missionaries, both preying upon people whose future ended somewhere in the past. And kids who in nice neighborhoods would have been called “free-range”Continue reading “West Side Musings”
Ten Hours Out
I work ten hour shifts delivering for Amazon- ten hours, three to four times a week- and I did this all through the hottest July recorded in Utah’s history. Sometimes, in the hottest part of the day, with sweat collecting beneath my breasts and dripping, salty, from my brow into my eyes, I have wonderedContinue reading “Ten Hours Out”
The Stolen Writer
The sounds were relentless in that house. Each whine and cry reverberated against the tile, through the hallway that was really just a dark, narrow passageway through hell. The voices and the barking and the slamming of doors to some might render the house full of life, but in reality, it smothered it. The soundsContinue reading “The Stolen Writer”
Something went wrong. Please refresh the page and/or try again.
Follow My Blog
Get new content delivered directly to your inbox.Is it safe to buy Anavex shares after matching earnings expectations? | Anavex Life Sciences shares on Wednesday surged 5.68% after releasing its annual results. The company announced its FY2021 results before markets opened, matching earnings expectations. Cash and cash equivalents increased by $122.9 million to $152.1 million. On Wednesday, Anavex Life Sciences Corp (NASDAQ:AVXL) shares rallied 5.68% after reporting its most recent annual results. The company announced its full-year 2021 results before markets opened, matching the consensus expectations on earnings. Anavex Life Sciences posted FY2021 GAAP earnings per share of -$0.54, in line with expectations. On the other hand, its FQE EPS of -$0.16, was slightly below the estimate of -$0.15, while cash and cash equivalents increased by $122.9 million to $152.1 million. Is Anavex too risky to buy? Are you looking for fast-news, hot-tips and market analysis? Sign-up for the Invezz newsletter, today. From an investment perspective, Anavex shares trade at a steep P/B ratio of 8.52, making it less attractive to value investors. In addition, analysts expect the company’s bottom line to improve by 16% this year before declining by more than 20% next year. Therefore, although the stock has rallied nearly 260% this year, it looks more attractive to short-term investors, with a significant pullback potentially on the horizon. Source – TradingView Technically, Anavex shares seem to be trading within a descending channel formation in the intraday chart. In addition, the stock recently bounced off the trendline support to rally towards the trendline resistance. However, with the stock still far from reaching overbought conditions, investors could target extended gains at about $20.43, or higher at $22.07. On the other hand, if the trendline resistance triggers another pullback, it could find support at around $17.41, or lower at $15.59. In summary, although Anavex shares seem steeply valued, it could still be an exciting short-term > Biotech Industries North America Stocks & Shares USAMumbai:," the letter, sent on Thursday, says.POAS addicts
Anyone else taking alllllll the tests right now?? Let's see those tests.
- The one with the line is from this morning and I just retested. I see a suuuuuuper faint line but bbc will probably eat it right up.
- cPosted 11/23/21Had an MC in April. A bit of an addiction
- I see it in the first one!! Not even going to bother posting mine because it’s superrrr faint, I’m only 8 DPO. But I’ve been testing since 6 DPO😂 congratulations!!
- All but 3 of these were on the same day 😬
- This was this morning with SMU. Trying not to test again till later but I will probably fail 😂
- Lizzief96 said:I see it in the first one!! Not even going to bother posting mine beca…Yay. I am not the only one testing at 6dpo. I mean, you need a baseline.. am I right?! 😂
- skdg219 said:This was this morning with SMU. Trying not to test again till later bu…Congratulations🎉
- nPosted 11/24/21Yes I’m going nuts lol Af due 11/25 kinda nervous
- Left is from the 18th and the right is from last night ✨ so faint 12-14 dpo I was due to start my period today
- Posted 11/24/21It's only been two days of lines and I've got 5 tests plus a secret blood test from Quest. If all goes well I'm surprising my husband on Thanksgiving! This was our 6th round of IVF and 4th transfer.My 9 month old got head lice from daycare
Posted 7/18/20
I got a text from my son’s teachers about 45 minutes after picking him up from daycare yesterday stating that “one of his friends has lice” my first thought is how does a baby get lice and my second thought was my son hardly has any hair but I will take all precautions needed anyways. I instantly gave him a bath, threw both mine and his clothes in the wash and searched his hair and I didn’t see anything. This morning when we were eating breakfast I saw a bug in his hair! GROSS. I instantly threw him in the bath again and searched his hair once again and didn’t see anything. We washed our clothes we were wearing and threw all of our bedding in the wash. My son is obviously too young for the chemical treatments so they won’t be used on him. Has anyone ever experienced lice? How did you get rid of it?
- Posted 7/18/20Never have but I know someone else had this issue and she used a natural lice treatment she ordered I think on Amazon. Sorry you have to deal with that. Hope you find something natural to tale care of it.
- Posted 7/18/20Unfortunately once you get lice in your house the eggs can be everywhere and hard to get rid of. I would wash all bedding and clean carpets, couches etc. I have heard that there is a tea tree oil/essential oil concoction you can spray on their hair to deter lice.
- The shampoo only kills the live lice so you’d still have to pick out nits. Check his hair every day and comb with the lice comb. And wash everything you can, bag anything you can’t, throw away or spray if you have to. Car seats, soft toys, carpets, high chair, blankets, etc. Like PP said, they do make natural sprays. Not sure how effective they are but maybe better than nothing. But killing them in the house and then picking his hair daily will help!
(Elementary teacher here 😬
- You can also suffocate them by putting olive oil on his head and then putting a shower cap for like 30 min or so. This will kill anything on his head
- Lice is horrible! I had to deal with this a few years ago. My brothers kids had it and didn't tell me. And my 9yo daughter got it over a Christmas visit. We did buy the OTC treatment but had to do it several times because it kept coming back. We even got a prescription from the pediatrician which didn't work. I finally bought the super lice kit and that worked in conjunction with nit picking and hair straightening. If you get it you can kill the nits by straightening your hair with a flat iron. They have to be away from your scalp though. I'd use a lice pick for each strand before straightening. Also there's laser treatment places that treat it but it's pricey and the girly hair places do it but I don't remember what it's called. It's a chain in the east. We also washed everything in hot water and dried on high heat. It's such a nightmare. Hopefully you caught it in time.
End of commentsSt. Clare's captain Laura Fowley pictured with the management team of Anthony McDonald, Danielle Nolan and James Glancy. Photo by Willie Donnellan
St. Clare's preparations for their Lidl Ladies All-Ireland Junior C Final will have to be extended by two days after it was announced that the final has now been moved to Sunday, April 15.
The game was originally fixed for next Friday, April 13, but according to the Ladies Gaelic Football Association website, the game will now take place on Sunday, April 15, with the venue still yet to be fixed.
Laois referee Kevin Phelan has been appointed to officiate which may give some clue to the eventual venue but it will hardly please both schools that plans originally set for the Friday will now have to be changed, particularly in relation to fans from both schools.
SEE NEXT WEEK'S LEITRIM OBSERVER FOR A FULL.Avg Walkscore in Thunderbolt: 25
/ County Avg 38
Avg Year Built in Thunderbolt: 2021
/ County Avg 1974
678-699-2830
Should you require assistance in navigating our website or searching for real estate,
please contact our offices at
678-699-28.
The data relating to real estate for sale on this website comes in part from the Broker Reciprocity Program of the Savannah multi-List Corporation. Real Estate listings held by brokerage firms other than Fathom Realty - Savannah, GA are marked with the name of the listing brokers.
Data last updated: November 27, 2021 1:31 Fathom Realty - Savannah, GA may be marked with the Internet Data Exchange logo and detailed information about those properties will include the name of the listing broker(s) when required by the MLS. Copyright ©2021 All rights reserved.
Last Updated: November 26, 2021 10.Property Attributes
- MLS#321092382
- TypeContingent
- CountyNAPA
- CityCalistoga
- AreaCalistoga
- Zip94515
- Style
- Price$ 829,000
- Bedrooms1
- Full Bathrooms1
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage688
- Lot Size6,530 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Petra Hartman with Engel & Volkers - 707-302-8133
Data Source:
Bay Area Real Estate Info Services (BAREIS) - 159 - CA
Property Description
Cool designer Cottage with development opportunity on this R-3 lot with existing 1 bedroom 1 bath home still time to use your own touch while the owner is in the process of upgrading. All in walking distance to the beautiful downtown of Calistoga.Or use as a weekend retreat to enjoy all that Calistoga has to offer.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Views
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolCrewe
Contact commercial filming
Nigel: 07713 301280
Felicity: 07887 896411
filming@networkrail.co.uk
Crewe was home to one of the greatest steam engine and carriage workshops that ever existed, and this rich heritage is reflected in the town's impressive railway station.
With 12 platforms, seven of which are terminating, Crewe has period and modern details. Big enough to cope with larger crews, the station has many disused areas and offers great flexibility.
Applications for this location require the completion and submission of a specific Avanti West Coast method statement template, downloadable here.
Location details
Crewe station
Pedley Street
Crewe
CW2 7AA
Industrial, Stations, VictorianVintage Chandelier Earrings
$325
Please select your rental dates.
Please select a from and to date.
A bevy of crystals are carefully hand-set to for a whimsical drop, which hangs from a shimmering
$325 to buy
$39 to rent
Fringe Drop Earrings
$325 to buy
$39 to rent
Glamorous Chandelier Earrings
$375 to buy
$39 to rent
Rose Gold Drop Earrings
$195 to buy
$39 to rentNo recent wiki edits to this page. Proper Japanese Title: ビキニ・ウォリアーズ (Bikini Woriāzu!This anime is based on a fantasy figures series, currently an online manga is being released as chapters that will eventually be collected and released as a print mangaTable of Contents
Brian Dean did an amazing task when he developed a message showcasing 200 Google ranking aspects. The blog post went on to come to be very preferred and created thousands of new leads from natural search for Brian. This article may not be as extensive as Brian's, neither will certainly I be answering all of the inquiries elevated above.
Whenever I write a brand-new article, I reference various other credible websites, where proper. You can't expect to obtain from others if you hesitate to give very first. For instance, if you're wanting to obtain incoming web links from reliable blog sites, among the simplest ways to do that is to show your readiness to link bent on those blogs from your own content.
Instead, develop content that will aid someone. This is understood as SEO copywriting. Amusing enough, when you put users initially, you'll actually write valuable material that look engines reward because search engines follow users. It's not the other method round. Boston SEO Services. At the exact same time, you'll be enhancing the user experience and building count on with your target market.
When you're at the leading edge of your industry, producing valuable web content as well as linking to authoritative blog sites, you'll find that more individuals will connect to you normally. This is the essence of effective web link building. After defining your seo goals clearly, you require software program to track what's working and also what's not.
Devices like Crazy Egg Show you where your site visitors are clicking and also just how they browse away from your website. You should have these internet analytics in location, even prior to you send the first visitor to your site or touchdown page. Among the most crucial Search Engine Optimization ideas that most individuals forget is the well-crafted meta description.
Typically, the online search engine titan does not such as duplicate content (Boston Digital Marketing). Yes, there are times when there is a demand to cite a paragraph or sentence from another site (and link back to the source), yet if posting replicate material becomes your way of living, you will certainly find it virtually impossible to become a long-lasting success.
Also if you do not get penalized directly away, you're still not providing a great customer experience. You can not have the exact same meta description for a web page that discusses e-mail advertising as well as a page on making sales. There's a big distinction in those topics and your meta descriptions should interact that.
In your Word, Press editor, scroll down to the base of the web page, and also include a distinct title tag and also meta summary. If users can not review or recognize your LINK, after that search engines may be perplexed. Just have a look at the URL of this article: Provided, the URL above is long, however it's understandable, for both individuals and search engines (Boston Marketing Services).
Steer clear of from page URLs similar to this: Those numbers don't inform users anything regarding what to anticipate from the web content. Keep in mind, online search engine comply with search customers. Brian Clark once stated that Google crawlers are like infants that require to be spoon-fed regularly. And also, he's. Even in this age of search advancement, including Rank, Mind, search crawlers are still programs, not people.
Brian Dean's structure is what people must be doing as well as what I do. He makes certain that only 2 to four words are included in any kind of LINK. This makes the LINK unforgettable to the individual, search engine-friendly, as well as very easy to type. Copyblogger does the exact same thing: Additionally, prevent quit words like a, an, the, however, or in (Boston Marketing Agency).?Van Driel- Garbi collaborative projects
Melbourne subproject:
Interferon mediated control of Legionella infection
Dept of Biochemistry
& Molecular Biology
Our recent work, and that of others, has shed a great deal of light on the cellular and molecular interactions that contribute to bacterial clearance in the lung during the innate phase of the response. The broad aim of future work is to investigate the molecular mechanisms by which IFN drives clearance of L. pneumophila from the lung and to establish why macrophages support rather than inhibit intracellular bacterial replication in the presence of IFNγ. This work builds on our new data suggesting that MCs are the primary responders to IFNγ production during L. pneumophila infection and that IFNγ drives a bactericidal response by upregulating the expression of guanylate binding proteins (GBP) and immunity-related GTPases (IRGs). In addition, we found that in vivo, L. pneumophila infected alveolar macrophages downregulate the expression of the IFNγ receptor (Ifngr1) rendering them refractory to IFNγ stimulation. In contrast, MCs maintain Ifngr1 expression and are thus bactericidal. We hypothesise that because macrophages play crucial roles in tissue homeostasis, these cells down regulate Ifngr1 expression, and possibly other cytokine receptors, to restrain inflammation and tissue pathology. This inadvertently makes macrophages a protected replicative niche for intracellular bacterial pathogens. In addition, we will investigate how cigarette smoke serves to influences the activities of immune cells in the lung during bacterial infection. Our preliminary data shows that smoking influences the ingress of immune cells into the lung and the ability of cells to kill bacteria and support their replication.
Bonn subproject:
Interplay between myeloid and T cells for anti-bacterial lung immunity
Inst of Experimental
Immunology
PhD Student
Inst of Experimental
Immunology
Myeloid cells are instrumental for antigen-specific priming of naive T cells. In addition, inflammasome activation in myeloid cells results in a rapid, innate-like activation of memory T cells. We have recently observed that innate activation of pulmonary T cells results in IFN production and control of bacterial pulmonary infection. In order to clarify the role of myeloid and T cells in the control of pulmonary bacterial infections, we will use the model of Legionella pneumophila, which causes Legionnaire’s disease in humans - a serious and often fatal community-acquired pneumonia. Alveolar macrophages (AM s) and, in humans, epithelial cells are targets for L. pneumophila infection, although the involvement of inflammatory cells is unclear. Inflammasome activation, particularly NLRC4 and NLRP3, IFN and T cells are key components of the early control of L. pneumophila infection. However, the regulation of myeloid cell activation in vivo and the interplay between these cells and memory T cells in conferring protection is not understood. Here we propose to combine the expertise of Garbi on DCs and T cell responses with that of van Driel and Hartland on L. pneumophila infection to define cellular and molecular events between myeloid and innate-like memory T cells that result in protective host responses. Using advanced flow cytometry, confocal imaging and functional cellular assays, we will investigate (i) the infection kinetics in myeloid cells, (ii) how this impacts inflammasome activation in vivo, (iii) how Legionella transcriptionally affects myeloid cells, and (iv) the contribution of innate activation of memory T cells in resolving the infection. These studies will highlight key mechanisms controlling L. pneumophila replication and may contribute towards new therapeutic strategies.
from Simply Recipes
Another day, another berry pie. This time, it’s a Blueberry Pie with a hint of vanilla (my own addition to the recipe).
It may seem repetitive after having just made a Blackberry Pie (recipe also from Simply Recipes), but when you’re on to a good thing, why stop?
But what do you think?Thorner’s Homes: Coronavirus Update from the Government
Changes on 29 March
Social contact.
Step 2 – not before 12 April
Business and activities , can also reopen. rise to 15.
Step 3 – not before 17 May.
Step 4 – not before 21 June
Social contact
By Step 4 which will take place no earlier than 21 June, the government hopes to be in a position to remove all legal limits on social contact.
Business, activities and events
We hope to reopen remaining premises, including nightclubs, and ease the restrictions on large events and performances that apply in Step 3. This will be subject to the results of a scientific Events Research Programme to test the outcome of certain pilot events through the spring and summer, where we will trial the use of testing and other techniques to cut the risk of infection. The same Events Research Programme will guide decisions on whether all limits can be removed on weddings and other life events..
FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
What has changed and what can we expect from Thorner’s Homes in coming months?
The main changes for our residents are;
- The move back to undertaking routine maintenance. We ask all residents to mask up, keep their distance and clean after a contractor has been in their flat. It may be sensible to also open windows whilst they are in.
- Conversations will continue to be made over the phone, when Scheme Managers are not in the office.
- The gardens may be used to socialise and exercise in, but strict social distancing of 2m (6 feet) is still essential, unless that person forms part of your bubble. Please respect other people in the scheme.
There have been many changes for everyone in their daily lives and it remains a difficult time for many people. We are here to help, and our team are on standby to have conversations with any residents who are worried.
The situation continues to be monitored with the Government’s Road Map out of Lockdown. We will continue to digest these changes and do the right things for our residents and colleagues.
We’ll keep you updated as the situation evolves.
Are the offices open?
Our office staff continue to work from home. If you need to speak to any of the Admin Team, please call 023 8063 6772 and leave a voicemail and someone will return your call. Alternatively email on enquiries@thorners.org.uk. Whilst we are working from home we will be providing the same service to our residents.
Both Scheme Managers will be seen in their offices, though timings may vary. We ask that you do not enter their offices but communicate from outside the office, via phone or the pull cord in home. This may change however, if a local lockdown is initiated.
Our Scheme Managers continue to contact residents on what would be their usual visit days and for some more vulnerable residents, more often. If you do not get to speak to your Scheme Manager directly, please leave them a voicemail to confirm that you are okay.
Where can I find out more information about Coronavirus?
If you would like further information about Coronavirus, please visit:
Weekly Maintenance Charge Contributions and finances
I’m worried about paying my Weekly Maintenance Charge Contributions. What can I do?
We understand this is a really difficult situation for some of our residents. Our team are on standby to help you with this and make sure you get the support you need.
If you can’t pay your weekly maintenance contributions because you normally go out to pay it, and you’re currently in isolation or staying safe in your home, call the team on 023 8063 6772. Leave a message and we will return your call to take a payment via your card.
To help, and if you are not in receipt of Housing Benefit and do not savings or other income, please contact our Chief Executive to discuss a payment plan. You might be able to pay less for a while, whilst waiting for your Housing Benefit payment to be made. Although you will still have to pay the balance at a later date, we will set a sensible repayment agreement with you and you can be confident that in this current situation, reduced contribution payments will not affect your appointment with us.
If you have any questions about benefits, please visit Southampton City Council’s Housing & Council Tax Benefit online claims:.
Repairs and maintenance
Are you still doing repairs?
At present within the parameters of Government advice we are undertaking routine maintenance and repairs. The contractors will follow the Government advice and they will wear Personal Protective Equipment when they enter your home. We ask that you keep your distance from anyone entering your flat on behalf of the Charity and especially if distancing is not possible, please wear a mask. This may revert to ’emergency repairs only’ if we enter another lockdown.
Is it still the same telephone number to contact for repairs?
Yes, please call your Scheme Manager to log all repairs calls:
- Robert Thorner Court – 023 8052 9477
- Thorner’s Court – 023 8022 7188
SYMPTOMS & SOCIAL DISTANCING
Should I notify you if I have symptoms?
Please let your Scheme Manager know if you have symptoms, or if a member of your ‘bubble’ has symptoms. Whilst the Government may track and trace, we do need to be aware, especially if you have inadvertently come into contact with another resident or visitor to the building.
You should then self-isolate as the Government advises. If you need an emergency repair, we will ask if you are self-isolating as part of any conversations before the repair is booked.
How are you checking in on vulnerable residents?
We are contacting all of our residents weekly, on the usual visit day to check on their welfare and whether they need any help. If you are more vulnerable, we may make contact more often. If you are worried or concerned, please do not hesitate to call your Scheme Manager on their office number.
In the event of an emergency, please use the pull-cord in your flat.
Can my family visit?
We ask that you be sensible during this time, as we ease our way out of lockdown, especially given the vulnerabilities of many in the almshouses. Please continue to only allow the household you have ‘bubbled’ with, to visit your flat. Your Carers or Medical Staff are not included as being in a bubble. You may meet other members of your family or friends in the gardens, but you MUST maintain social distancing.
Find out the coronavirus restrictions in your local area – GOV.UK ()
We ask that you ensure that visitors do not visit the building if any of them have come into contact with anyone with the virus or if they have themselves, symptoms.
Still uncertain?
If you are unsure of anything do not hesitate to seek clarification from one of the Thorner’s team.Property Attributes
- MLS#14706062
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyDALLAS
- CityDuncanville
- NeighborhoodForest Hills 08
- Zip75116
- StyleTraditional
- Year Built1972
- Taxes$ 6020
- Price$ 324,900
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage2123
- Lot Size8,102 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Judy Gee with Judy Gee Realty
Data Source:
North Texas Real Estate Info Systems (NTREIS) - 37 - TX
Property Description
Beautiful Home Inside and Out With Beautiful In ground Pool! As you enter this home you will see the open flowing floor plan with custom paint, flooring, lighting fixtures with a double see through fireplace. A gorgeous show stopping kitchen island with granite tops. Beautiful Master Bathroom and hall bathroom that include temper glass. Plus an incredible in ground swimming pool and a cover patio for family fun. MORE PICTURES COMING SOON! More Features, New roof, new privacy fence, custom lighting, new pool equipment, new garage door and thought out the night the house offer multiple lighting around the pool.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Room Details
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolDubai’s Palm Island
The Dubai’s Palm Island are located on the coast land of Dubai. Completely man-made and finished in just under six years makes it one of the most incredible tourist attractions in the world. It was built in in 2001 but was not only just a beautiful tourist attraction but was a major engineering project and challenge. The United Arab Emirates is most famously known for making tremendous money off their oil production. The Vice president of the Arab Emirates and the ruler of Dubai is Sheikh Mohammed. Sheikh knew that their oil production wasn’t going to last forever making them loads of wealth. He wanted another way to keep Dubai as one of the wealthy countries on earth. Dubai was already at the time attracting many tourists with its luxurious hotel on the coast and many other unimaginable places. Sheikh Mohammed notice that his beaches were one of the most popular visited places. Gorgeous weather stayed throughout the whole 12 months in a year.
There was a problem though. The coast of dubai is limited and even if you used every inch in the smartest way possible it just wasn’t enough to accompany all the tourists. Engineers from everywhere around took up the problem and when they settled on an agreement it was so bizarre it was beyond imagination. vice-president Mohammed wanted an artificial island 2.209 mi² large built in under ten years to house all the new ideas for attraction. A team of hand picked incredibly talented engineers from the netherlands were charged with the responsibility. Construction started in the summer of 2001 and they had to take multiple factors into account. The entire island had to be made of all natural equipment such as rock, gravel, sand, and many more.
Through the complete six years it took to finish this massive project, there were many things the engineering minds had to work with. Such as the winter waves crashing into the island station into the water underground. One small movement or misplacement of a 7 ton boulder would cause the island to come crashing down.
When the stupendous project was finally done malls and hotels were placed onto the impossible artificial creation. A stunning effort created and done marvelously. You can go visit the beautiful island today official named Palm Jumeirah and its neighbors Deria island, Palm Jebal Ali, and Bluewaters Island.Includes: Aluminum wheel, Black tank flush, Power awning with LED lights, Enclosed underbelly, Aluminum entry step, Friction hinge entrance doors, Dexter EZ lube axles, Glass top flush mount range cover, 7 cu. Ft. refrigerator, Night shades, 70" x 80" King mattress (VBP), LED interior lights, Smoke detector, LP detector, 13,500 BTU A/C, Stainless steel microwave, (4) stabilizer jacks, 24" Front rock guard, Decorative bedspread, 20 lb. LP bottles, AM/FM/DVD/CD stereo with Bluetooth and HDMI, Backup Camera prep, Solar prep, WiFi Prep
Dry Weight (lbs): 5,854
Hitch Weight (lbs): 680
CCC (lbs): 1,746
Exterior Length (ft/in): 33' 4"
Exterior Height (ft/in): 11' 1"
Exterior Width (ft/in): 8' 0"
Fresh Tank (gals): 45
Gray Tank (gals): 30
Black Tank (gals): 30
STANDARDS
EXTERIOR
Aluminum Wheels
Black Tank Flush System
Tinted windows
13,500 BTU air conditioner
EZ Lube Axles
Outside speakers
Electric patio awning with LED lighting
Manual stab jacks
Quick recovery 6 gal G/E with Bluetooth
Sink Cover
Gas Oven
6 or 7 Cubic Foot Refrigerator
Detector for smoke, carbon monoxide, and LP gas
Fire extinguisher
Magnetized fridge door
Get Product and Pricing Information for Free!
Why? It's Free!
Enter your zipcode to access FREE Product and Pricing Information.During the 2016 Legislative Session, House Bill 941 was passed and became law on April 14, 2016, as Chapter 2016-230, Laws of Florida. The bill amends a wide variety of programs and licensing services offered by the Florida Department of Health. The bill specifically affects the pharmacy profession in the following ways:
Prevention of Medical Errors
Effective July 1, 2016, applicants for licensure will no longer be required to complete a 2-hour course on the prevention of medical errors as a condition of licensure. Please note that this requirement is only removed for licensure applicants. It is still a requirement for renewal of a license.
Expedited Partner Therapy
Expedited Partner Therapy (EPT), as defined by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), is the “clinical practice of treating the sex partners of patients diagnosed with chlamydia or gonorrhea by providing prescriptions or medications to the patient to take to his/her partner without the health care provider first examining the partner.” This bill creates section 384.27 (7), Florida Statutes, to allow medical and osteopathic physicians and advanced registered nurse practitioners (ARNP) to use EPT as a method to treat patients and their sexual partners with a diagnosed STD when the sexual partner is not likely or unable to seek treatment. A pharmacist may dispense the medication to the patient for their sexual partner for treatment of the diagnosed STD. The pharmacist or health care practitioner must check for allergic reactions before dispensing the medication.
Military Licensing
The Florida Department of Health, Division of Medical Quality Assurance (MQA) offers expedited licensure processing through the Veterans Application for Licensure Online Response (VALOR) System. In order to qualify, the applicant must apply for the license six months before or six months after their honorable discharge from the United States Armed Forces. Additionally, the applicant must either hold an active, unencumbered license in another state in the profession for which they are applying or must meet the minimum requirements for licensure in the profession for which they are applying. Additionally, the application fee, licensure fee and unlicensed activity fee are waived for veterans who qualify for the VALOR program.
This bill also extends the eligibility of the VALOR program to spouses of active duty service members practicing in a health care profession regulated by MQA, with the exception of dentists. Spouses of active duty service members who apply for a license through the VALOR program must either hold an active, unencumbered license in another state in the profession for which they are applying or must meet the minimum requirements for licensure in the profession for which they are applying.
This bill also creates a temporary certificate for an active duty service member practicing in a health care profession to receive a temporary certificate to practice in a civilian setting via a military platform.
Emergency Insulin Refill
The bill amends section 465.0275, Florida Statutes, and allows pharmacists to provide one emergency vial of insulin to treat diabetes mellitus in the event the pharmacist cannot readily obtain a refill authorization.
To read the entire bill, visit. For more information, contact the Florida Board of Pharmacy at (850) 245-4292.Down in the subway. The CTA's Red Line. Harrison Street station.
A type of tanks in the middle of a field in Illinois. For water or feed?
Looking over the Calumet River from the 100th Street bridge.
On Michigan Avenue in downtown Chicago
The ghost town of Trotters, North Dakota
Lightpainting in the fields of Illinois. Far West of Chicago
Lightpainting in the fields of Illinois. Far West of Chicago
Flamingo, created by noted American artist Alexander Calder. In Federal Plaza, Chicago.
10 minutes East of Amboy on Route 66 in the vast Mojave Desert
Under the Wells Street Bridge in downtown Chicago
An old neon sign at the now demolished Marshall Hotel on LaSalle Street. Chicago.
Hi team and community,
I had the surprise to discover today that if i go to i only see a white page. If i choose to open it on a “new private” tab, then it’s working.
What would be the set up or option to deactivate or activate so it won’t block the scrip of uniswap?
Thanks lads.[dt_divider style=”thick” /]Here is a bright spot fellow Giants fans, we didn’t lose during the bye week. We reminisce to the long long ago, a time of high hopes and blissful dreams. We were a confident people filled with conviction and pride when donning our blue. I am of course referring to August, where the perceived fate led false credence to the Giants fans imagination.
There would be no playoffs; rather we would be witnessing two of the most exciting young quarterbacks in the league start to come into their own in the NFC East. Once the year concludes, we can point at the dearth of talent in the decimated wide receiver room to help explain the underachieving season, but we as Giants fans know that’s not the entire truth. I stated in my post 2017 draft article, that this could be a very long season for Giants fans if Ereck Flowers and Bobby Hart did not develop as Jerry Reese planned. Although I wasn’t wrong, I truly overlooked the fundamental issues with this football team that have led to this spiraling 1-6 start.
[dt_divider style=”thick” /]Giants Offense/Special Teams
Eight straight games, dating back to 2016, without scoring 20 points in a game. It took until the 4th quarter of Week 3 against the Eagles to exceed this number under an offensive minded head coach that was calling the plays. And this is with arguably the most dynamic playmaker in the NFL on your team.
Everything from play calling to execution has been in shambles and this team is not talented enough to make costly mistakes and penalties. The Sterling Shepard drop on 3rd and goal against the Eagles, which set up Ereck Flowers to get beat by Vinny Curry on 4th down leading to a negative run for Darkwa. The John Jerry delay of game penalty in the same game, which essentially cost the Giants the game. This team is not talented enough to commit costly errors.
Eli Manning is constantly under duress and has already been sacked 17 times in 7 games, which is 4 away from his 2016 total. The shuffling of the offensive line helped the Giants beat the Broncos, but there is more than meets the eye here. Justin Pugh is a natural guard, but he is also our best right tackle at the moment, since the position was essentially ignored. This is important to pay attention to because Pugh is a free agent next season and tackles are worth much more than guards on the open market. We may not be able to afford Pugh’s services, with the cap strapped nature of this football team and a possible contract for Odell Beckham Jr. looming.
We all dreamt about the greatness of the talent we have at the skill positions on offense, but it was rendered ineffective and injuries took their toll. As for the special teams, Brad Wing has been a major disappointment and his two most important punts this season went for 28 and 15 yards, which helped lead to two close losses. Rookie kicker Aldrick Rosas has missed three field goals and the poor punt coverage in the Lions game that led to Jamal Agnew’s 88-yard touchdown all but sealed the fate for the Giants on Monday Night Football. This team does not have the talent on the roster to make poor mistakes, especially on special teams.
[dt_divider style=”thick” /]Giants Defense
This vaunted unit from 2016 was 2nd in points against, while ranking 3rd against the run, only surrendering over 100 total yards rushing 6 times. The 2017 Giants have already matched that number through 7 games. The disparity could be attributed to injuries or the struggling offense that averages 4.3 3rd down conversions a game (ranks 30th in the league). The inept offense forces the defense to be on the field far too long. Big Blue’s offense ranks 31st in time of possession, while running 68.7 defensive plays a game, which also ranks 31st. Outside of Jason Pierre-Paul’s three sack night against Denver, rushing opposing quarterbacks has left a lot to be desired.
One can see the struggles, but the defense has had some bright spots of late, so let us bring some positivity to conclude this section. Eli Apple and Darian Thompson are both playing much better in the last 3 weeks. The Giants defense reverted back to their opportunistic style with 4 takeaways in the last 2 weeks. The defense showed true resiliency halting an 18-play drive by Russell Wilson and the Seahawks at the 1-yard line, with 11 of the plays coming in the red-zone. Maybe we should have expected regression from this unit, but a defense cannot do everything.
[dt_divider style=”thick” /]Coaching
It took an 0-5 start for head coach Ben McAdoo to finally relinquish play calling duties to offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan; and wouldn’t you know the team came out with a varied run game and beat the Broncos. McAdoo seemed overmatched in several aspects of being a head coach so far. His in-game decision making process has been very questionable from play-calling sequences to situational football. Unnecessarily avoiding the easy points with a subpar offense that help lead to multiple losses became an unwanted trend that Giants fans have endured all season.
The team has only played complimentary football once this season and that was against Denver. He has a new slick back look, but still lacked the creativity to consistently move the football. I was elated when I heard he gave up the play calling duties, but when I heard his smug explanation I realized the sense of arrogance that McAdoo carries. He seems to be about as personable as a foot and bears a sense of entitlement that I do not feel has been earned. We have seen his personality rub players the wrong way as well and yes losing breeds negativity. Not only was there the Dominique Rodgers Cromartie incident, which resulted in a one game suspension, but Janoris Jenkins, arguably the Giants best defensive player, has been suspended as well by the team. These suspensions really say something about the state of the locker room under Ben McAdoo’s supervision.
[dt_divider style=”thick” /]Front Office
The biggest issue with the Giants coming into 2017 was clearly the offensive line. The Giants seem to be the only team that valued Ereck Flowers as a 1st round tackle in 2015 and Bobby Hart was a 7th round pick, so Jerry Reese’s vote of confidence was blind optimism. Since drafting Ereck Flowers, Reese has only drafted two offensive linemen (Hart and Adam Bisnowaty, who didn’t make the team). It is by far their poorest unit and the Giants did little to create competition in the waning years of Eli Manning’s career. Sadly, the Giants will be seeing Andrew Whitworth in Week 9, who was the most coveted tackle prospect that the Giants failed to pursue because of his age in the 2017 free agency. This proved to be a mistake, as the Rams, under a proven offensive genius in Sean McVay, have become one of the better teams in the NFL.
My issues with the 2-time Super-Bowl winning general manager run deeper than just the offensive line. Reese has failed to provide depth to this football team. The Giants have only three players that they drafted signed to second contracts (Eli, the Chargers drafted him, but you get it, long snapper Zak DeOssie, and Jason Pierre-Paul).
Consistent teams like the Packers, Patriots, Seahawks, and Steelers have more future hall of famers that they drafted than players the Giants have signed to second contracts. There is little to no retention of talent that Reese has hit on in the draft, which is few and far between. In the three drafts from 2011 to 2013 there are only three players that are currently on an NFL roster: Prince Amukamara, Justin Pugh, and Johnathan Hankins. There are only 2 starters on the Giants roster from the 2010 to 2013 drafts. Our division foes have more drafted pro-bowlers in that time frame.
That is absolutely inexcusable and is one of the defining factors to why this team is 1-6. Failing on mid-round picks has become a concerning trend with Reese and it is very apparent that drafting Odell Beckham Jr. saved his job, but for how long? We all applaud Reese for bringing in Damon Harrison, Janoris Jenkins, and Olivier Vernon in the 2016 free agent cycle, but totally overlook the fact that they were all signed because Reese has failed in the draft. If the team was competent during the draft season, they wouldn’t have spent over 200 million dollars to band-aid the real issues that are present.
I look at Dallas, Washington, and Philadelphia’s offensive line with envy, as I see our 36-year-old immobile quarterback get hit time and time again and all I think about is how faulty this mission statement was for the New York Football Giants.
2017 is one of the most disappointing Giants seasons in recent memory. Nothing has gone this team’s way and that is due to a plethora of factors. The offensive struggles, defensive regression from 2016, injuries, many questionable decisions by a 2nd year head coach, and a general manager that has not replenished this roster through the draft, while maintaining stubborn blind faith in players that he over drafted. The future of this franchise is up in the air. Dak Prescott and Carson Wentz are names that Giants fans will become all too familiar with, and this season could be a blessing in disguise. There are leaders on this team. Core players that can be built around and should be here for the long haul. We may look back at 2017 and become thankful one day.
Thankful that we transitioned from an all-time great Giants quarterback in Eli Manning to the next all-time great because the Giants will more than likely have a top-5 selection in the 2018 NFL Draft. We could set ourselves up for the next 15 years! But that is more than likely just my stupid fandom and my glass half full mentality. In the meantime, there is plenty of football to be played in 2017, so let’s see who deserves to be on the team and who plays hard down the stretch. For us fans, ruck up ladies and gentleman because it is going to be one long journey, with a very uncertain destination.THE SEARCH:
Altus Partners are delighted to be partnered with a leading Asset Manager (London) who are looking to increase headcount to their finance team. The role as a Senior Management Accountant is crucial to the company’s growth plans along with assisting senior stakeholders within the business.
THE ROLE:
Reporting into the Director of Finance you will be taking full responsibility for the firm’s monthly management accounts
Managing a part qualified accountant as they go through their studies to become fully qualified
Be constantly looking to improve the month end process
Working with departmental heads outside of finance – presenting, analysing data and working on budgets
Working closely with the Head of FP&A
In return, you will be offered an extremely generous basic salary with various perks plus a highly competitive bonus
THE REQUIREMENTS:
1-4 years PQE working in industry preferred
(ACCA / CIMA / ACA ) Qualified
Strong Excel skills
Experience in using Microsoft Dynamics or similar package
Experience in the Asset Management industry
Have experience in supervising/mentoring or direct management of staff
Connect with usNot long ago, news groups claimed that gun deaths have reached the highest levels in 40 years. However, the headlines don’t really tell the entire story. So, it is quite refreshing that a Chicago Tribune columnist dug a little deeper into the Centers for Disease Control’s numbers on the issue.
The first issue the columnist looked at was the Everytown for Gun Safety’s release that claimed guns killed about 1,100 more people than vehicle accidents. This makes it look like guns are more dangerous than cars. The truth, however, is quite different. The number pushed by many groups includes suicides. In fact, the majority of the gun deaths in the U.S., about 60 percent, are suicides, not homicides. Suicides have increased over the last few years while homicides have decreased. Even non-firearm suicides increased.
“The rate of suicide in general increased from 2016 to 2017, and the increase was actually greater for the non-firearm suicide rate than for the firearm suicide rate, suggesting that something that affects suicide but is unrelated to firearms is responsible for the recent suicide increase,” said Florida State University criminologist Gary Kleck.
Combining suicide and homicide numbers doesn’t tell the true numbers. People committing suicide harm only themselves. People taking their own lives is tragic, but doesn’t constitute gun violence. Even worse, this kind of reporting trivializes the tragedy of gun violence. Additionally, it skews the numbers. Most murder victims are black, but whites have a much higher suicide rate. Many anti-gunners claim suicide rates would drop if guns weren’t accessible, but numbers from other countries show this to be wrong.
The Numbers From the Chicago Tribune Columnist
While looking at the suicide/homicide rates, the Chicago Tribune columnist brought up a couple of countries with very strict gun laws that still have suicide issues.
Japan has some of the strongest gun laws in the world. It also has one of the lowest murder rates in the world. However, Japan’s suicide rate is higher than the U.S. Additionally, almost none of the suicides in Japan are committed with firearms. Australia also has strict gun laws. After adopting the National Firearms Agreement deaths by guns — both suicide and homicide — decreased. However, both were already declining before passage of the law, but so were non-firearm homicides and suicides. In fact, Kleck concluded in a study that the new regulations “did not reduce either suicide or homicide rates below what, based on pre-1996 trends, they would have been in the absence of the NFA.”
Of course, one of the most amazing factors of all this is that even if suicides are included, car accidents still took out more Americans. Firearm deaths numbered 39,773 in total in 2017. However, the National Safety Council claims that vehicle deaths topped 40,000 that same year.
The Crimson Trace LTG-770 Is a Must-Own for S&W M&P Shield Carriers
Lights are an important self-defense tool, but Smith & Wesson Shield owners didn't this...
by Personal Defense World / Dec 28, 2018Whether you’re looking for a secluded bolthole, crowd-free private island, iconic resorts with abundant facilities, a hip retreat or historic, understated elegance, the Caribbean is capable of delivering all types of luxury hotel. We’ve handpicked some of our very favourite places to stay on these colourful isles; read on to discover the reasons why we love them…
Hermitage Bay, Antigua
Welcome to world of impeccable service, secluded hillside cottages and infinity plunge pools; when it comes to romantic retreats, Hermitage Bay is tough to beat. Nestled into the hillside above a hidden bay, each Balinese-styled cottage is blessed with far-reaching views across the bay and ocean beyond. The beach is one of Antigua’s finest – a long stretch of soft, white sand, unspoilt by motorised watersports (they’re banned, in favour of more relaxing pastimes). The food served in the main restaurant will be among the best you’ve ever tasted – it’s hard to go wrong when you’re eating fish caught just a couple of hours ago, served with produce freshly picked from the resorts’ own organic garden. If you’re looking for relaxation, privacy and pampering – Hermitage Bay ticks all the boxes.
Carlisle Bay, Antigua
Boasting a secluded, tucked-away location, this elegant resort manages to blend regional style with cool, contemporary calm. Almost by accident, it’s become surprisingly popular with families, given its excellent childcare amenities for all ages from tots right through to teens. Remarkably, the resort has created an environment where both couples and families manage to happily co-exist. Guests with children are given the multi-roomed suites on one side of the property, whilst honeymooners and couples get the split-level suites on the other – so no one feels disturbed, or needs to worry about disturbing other guests. Each has their own beach, and two of the four restaurants operate family hours. Indigo on the Beach offers an open-air, sandy-footed setting – whilst East, dishes up fine Asian-fusion feasts – both are exceptional.
Rock Cottage at Blue Waters Antigua
Perched on a rocky peninsular jutting out over the Caribbean Sea, Rock Cottage boasts ocean views of 270 degrees. A perfect hideaway of whitewashed walls, marble tiles and plantation shutters, a stay at Rock Cottage is everything a Caribbean holiday should be. Upon arrival, you’re given a mobile phone so you can call concierge at any time, who are on hand to ensure your every need is met. Along with numerous sundecks (which are cleverly positioned to enable you to ‘follow the sun’ throughout the day), it’s got five airy bedrooms and a large private plunge pool. It’s the kind of place, surrounded by inviting emerald waters, where you could spend several days holed up and – happily – not see another soul – except of course, the wonderful staff.
The House, Barbados
With just 34-suites, this hip hotel located in the heart of Barbados’ west coast is an exclusive adults-only haven. You’ll feel well-looked after here: the moment you arrive, you’re steered towards a beach cabana for a complimentary ‘jet-lag revival’ massage before afternoon tea and evening canapés – the perfect way to de-stress and start your holiday in style. A good choice for honeymooners, The House has been recently voted one of the Best Hotels in the Caribbean for Romance at the TripAdvisor Travellers’ Choice Awards 2016. It’s right next door to highly-rated Italian restaurant Daphne’s, which provides the all-day dining menu for The House (which, unexpectedly, is exceptionally good). But for an extra special dining treat, indulge in a candlelit meal for two on the beach – you’ll remember that evening forever.
Sandy Lane, Barbados
Sandy Lane is perhaps the most ‘obvious’ choice for a luxury holiday in Barbados – as the island’s most iconic luxury brand, it’s the place to see-and-be-seen. It’s not uncommon for guests to return to Sandy Lane year after year, and first-time visitors will soon find out why. The sweeping staircases and marble-clad bathrooms help to embody to air of exclusivity, but it’s really the outstanding levels of service which draw people back time and time again. Staff are on hand to cater to every whim, and seem to have fine-tuned their mind-reading capabilities to predict and deliver exactly what you need, before you’ve even realised you want it. It’s easily the most expensive resort in Barbados, and one of the swankiest properties in the whole of the Caribbean; you’ll need deep pockets to stay here.
Sugar Beach, A Viceroy Resort, St Lucia
With a gorgeous location in the Valley of the Pitons, this converted eighteenth-century sugar plantation has to be the best place to stay on St Lucia. Formerly Jalousie Plantation, it’s come a long way – when it first opened as a hotel, it was only accessible by canoe. Nowadays you can take a taxi from the airport, or, even better, a helicopter transfer – which gives you phenomenal views of the pitons as you descend into this beautiful retreat. A $100 million-plus investment from luxury lifestyle brand Viceroy has seen it blossom into a sophisticated resort hotel, with a sumptuous treehouse-style spa being just one of the many highlights.
Palm Island, The Grenadines
Live out your Robinson Crusoe fantasies to the hilt on Palm Island: switch off, unplug and reconnect with what’s really important at this idyllic resort. Imagine having an entire Caribbean island as your plaything; you’re free to explore the coastline, wander the meandering paths lined with palm trees, read the latest page-turner on the white sandy beaches or witness some amazing underwater sights on a scuba excursion to the nearby reefs. There’s also a spa, tennis courts, pool, gym and library. Evenings are low-key (although Mondays and Wednesdays see a live band drafted in), and generally revolve around a gourmet meal at the island’s intimate restaurant, followed by a moonlit stroll on the beach. Don’t pass up the chance to take an evening cruise aboard the resort’s private boat, sipping champagne as you watch the sun gently disappear into the ocean – magic!
Cotton House, Mustique
Mustique is an exclusive bolthole quite unlike anywhere else on earth; a remote, private island in the Grenadines, coveted by the rich and famous. It would be easy to name-drop some of the celebrities and royal family members who fondly flock to its sandy shores, but in the interests of taste we’ll concentrate on the merits of the hotel itself. Of which there are many – from the overarching atmosphere of refinement, to the glamorous Great Room (designed by eminent theatre visionary Oliver Messel), to the rugged cliffs that tower over the crowd-free powder-soft beaches below. It’s impossible to find the words to describe what makes Cotton House such a special place to stay, other than to say if you value privacy and true understated luxury, it’s the best place on the planet to unplug, unwind and embrace the ‘no news, no shoes’ ethos, completely unbothered by the outside world.
Have you stayed at a truly exceptional Caribbean property? Share your experiences with us in the comments below…
Spencer Groves is Commercial Director at letsgo2.
Source: Read Full ArticleFree Texture Packs For Minecraft Pe
how to hack minecraft
free minecraft mods
try minecraft free
Players can build anything they want with real-world objects inside the game. Pet Servers: Players stay on survival maps and play with wild animals such as chickens, cows, sheeps, etc.",.",
is minecraft free
Despite being in early access, "Rust" has enjoyed immense success and popularity since its launch in 2021 due to a variety of factors that have contributed to both positive and negative feedback from players.",
free minecraft server.",
how to get a free minecraft account
Cheating to get advantages such as destroying protected blocks and the such, as well as to not being held accountable for destruction of players property. Hacking into other people's accounts (or even Mojang servers) in order to gain an advantage.",
minecraft realms free trial games to play for free
minecraft hacker skin
minecraft free app.",
minecraft hacks 1.15 2
minecraft bedrock edition free
 make a minecraft server for free
how to get minecraft for free ios
free minecraft skin packs
how to get minecraft for free on xbox free computer game skins download free.",
minecraft redeem code free.",Recruiter - Game Products (Contract)
Job Id: 4365 Recruiter focused on Riot's Game Products, you will work on an array of roles across Production, Publishing, Strategic Advisory and Engineering. You will report to the teams Recruiting Manager. You'll partner with our businesses to develop strategies to look for the best global talent. Like us, you believe extraordinary Recruiters are part brand ambassador, part matchmaker, and part strategic partner. In this role you're responsible for full-cycle recruiting and attracting qualified candidates through sourcing to support Riot's continued growth.
Responsibilities:
- Source, review, and qualify passive candidates
- Review and qualify incoming applicants
- Candidate Management
- Potential reporting against quarterly or weekly goals, and other staffing metrics
- Hiring Manager and Stakeholder management
Required Qualifications:
- 3+ years of experience doing full-cycle recruiting across a variety of product focuses departments (i.e.: Production, Strategic Advisory, QA, Publishing)
- Experience with a variety of sourcing strategies and research tools (i.e.: LinkedIn, Boolean, and Deep Web)
- Experience building pipelines of passively sourced candidates
- Experience with Greenhouse or comparable applicant tracking software
- Experience building meaningful customer relationships across departments
Desired Qualifications:
- Experience supporting game development roles
- Experience recruiting for live products and/or services at scale
- Experience with complex Visa scenarios
For this role, you'll find success through craft expertise, a collaborative spirit, and choices that focus on your fellow Rioters, who are the customers of your work. Being a dedicated fan of games is not necessary for this position!).Aesthetics Aesthetic Therapist Permanent jobs in Weybridge
Broaden your search
- Aesthetics, Aesthetic Therapist, Weybridge, Surrey 1
- Aesthetics, Aesthetic Therapist, Permanent, Surrey 2
Refine your search
- Aesthetics Remove selection
- Aesthetic Therapist Remove selection
- Weybridge Remove selection
- Permanent Remove selection
Found 1 hair and beauty job
Aesthetic Practitioner - Weybridge
We're looking to expand our clinic teams. We're on the lookout for passionate, enthusiastic Aesthetic Practitioners to join our Weybridge Clinic! A...Author:
Fandom: X-Men: Evolution
Prompt: 50-A/5. Destiny
Character/Pairing: Wanda, Mystique, Destiny
Rating: PG
Word Count: 111
Summary: “What do you see for her?”
Authors Notes/Disclaimer: I own nothing.
“What do you see for her?” Mystique asked softly, her eyes on Wanda as she gripped Destiny’s hand gently.
The precog smiled faintly, squeezing Mystique’s fingers. “Trouble. The Maximoff girl will cause nothing but trouble. Beyond that…” She shrugged slightly. “Her powers make it impossible me to get a clear reading. She is chaos, her future always in flux.”
Mystique sighed, planting a gentle kiss on the corner of Destiny’s mouth. “I need her.”
“As you say.”Extend your gratitude through a letter with this thank you letter template. This is free to download and perfect for showing appreciation towards a volunteer who provided a service to your organization.
-
Free Event Volunteer Thank You Letter Template
FREE
Free Church Volunteer Thank You Letter Template
FREEThursday, 25 December 2014
Life Of A Blogger: 'Christmas'.
So this post about Christmas is due to go up on Christmas Day! Of course, due to it being that time of year, I will be rather busy so have had to write this one in advance (probably something that sensible Bloggers do with basically every post that they write). What will I be doing you ask? Well Christmas has always been a pretty special time of year that I look forward to every time it's coming soon. I was convinced that Christmas would be different this year because I have now moved out of my Family home and into the flat but I managed to book some time off work and I'm back in Ashford for this one!
On Christmas Eve I'll be spending the day with Family, particularly in the evening because I'm going to visit my Grandparents! I'm ridiculously excited about this visit because I have not seen them in a very long time (thanks to living in London). I'm looking forward to a nice catch up with them both before returning home ready for Christmas Day! On the day itself, we will probably be up quite early to open presents (as we are every year) and I'm really looking forward to seeing the reactions of those I have bought for this year. The second part of the day will be spent with Mat's family where we'll be having Christmas dinner and even more present opening. After that, we'll be with his family for Boxing Day too and I'm excited about it.
Sorry about this sort of short post but as I'm currently in Ashford, I want to spend all of the time I have here with my family! All that's left to say is Merry Christmas, and I wish everyone a Happy New Year!SabiScs Posted September 2, 2018 Report Share Posted September 2, 2018 (edited) Mighty:) Edited September 2, 2018 by sabiScs 4 1 Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.ReportEmbed
Asian slut suck on the dick and gets toyed
Related Videos
7:54Delightful threesome for the naughty Asian teen100% Like2 months ago 7:59Asian babe gets to suck on the small dick100% Like5 years ago 7:37Asian babe getting her wet pussy sex toy stimulated100% Like5 years ago 7:58Doggy style fucking the Asian teen with desire100% Like3 years ago 7:57Lorita is a shy Asian babe eager for some cock100% Like5 years ago 7:28Randy Asian uses her toy to get off after a blowjob100% Like2 weeks ago 8:00School sexy girl Asian fucks in clsoe up pov100% Like2 years ago 7:45Asian cuttie pie getting fucked deep in her sweet coochie100% Like5 years ago 6:52Bodacious Asian fox slurps his cock in a pov100% Like5 years ago 8:00Asian maid getting fucked hard by the dude100% Like5 years ago 7:11Asian babe getting her wet pussy fingered in close up100% Like5 years ago 8:01Asian schoolgirl sucking fucking and getting toy fucked100% Like9 months agoSkagen Womens Hald Quartz Round White Dial Silver Stainless Steel Mesh Bracelet Classic Dress Watch - SKW2441
Sold out
Original price $129.99
Current price $61.09
SKU SKW2441
Skagen Womens Hald Quartz Round White Dial Silver Stainless Steel Mesh Bracelet Classic Dress Watch - SKW2441. From the coastlines of Skagen to the architecture of Copenhagen and a celebrated fashion scene, Denmark embodies a special kind of energy: modern, minimalist, and playful. The Skagen Hald aesthetic is simple and works with every style. Slip-on one of our women's watches while you're getting ready for any occasion and you'll see your refined style take on a whole new level of sophistication. Featuring a 26MM Round stainless steel case, with a white dial and a Two Hand display. Silver 12MM stainless steel mesh band with a Safety Mesh Buckle closure. Water-resistant up to 30m: Will withstand splashes in the water.
- Brand Name: Skagen
- Gender: Womens
- Model Year: 2018
- Item Shape: Round
- Dial window material type: Mineral
- Display Type?: Analog
- Clasp: Buckle
- Case Material: Stainless Steel
- Case diameter: 26 millimeters
- Case Thickness: 7 millimeters
- Band Material: Stainless Steel
- Band length: Women's Standard
- Band Width: 12 millimeters
- Band Color: Silver
- Dial Color: White
- Bezel Material: Stainless Steel
- Bezel Function: Stationary
- Item weight: 1.44 Ounces
- Movement: Quartz
- Water Resistant depth: 100 FeetYou have 0 items in your cart
In this tutorial I’ll show you how to use the new Light Linking features in Octane for Cinema 4D. I believe they came out with Octane 4.0 so you will need to make sure you’re up to date. Light linking has always been the biggest request for Octane. If you don’t know what light linking is, it’s the ability to take a light and only have it affect certain objects in your scene, not everything. This was never possible in Octane till now, and it’s a huge deal!ScienCentral, Inc. makes sense of science. It was co-founded in 1996 by scientist and CEO/President Eliene Augenbraun to increase the number and quality of science stories broadcast to the public. The company and its archives were bought by MP Axle, Inc. in 2009. We are still producing science and technology content for television, the web, and corporate clients, in addition to working with museums and educational publishers to develop multimedia educational products.
MP Axle offers a full range of production and post production services..
Eliene Augenbraun (Founder and Executive Producer) started.20%OFF√
Ready to Ship
In Stock
Fast Dispatch
nsk nsk22212c22212came4 bearing.nsk nsk22212came4 bearings are widely used in motor, industrial machinery, CNC lathes, high-precision processing machine, locomotive industry,industrial drive, agriculture, compressors, motors and generators, construction and other fields.
This series bearing of nsk nsk22212came4 bearing are better than any brand bearings currently in bearing performance , lifetime, design, and the use of performance. And nsk nsk22212clamentos NSK22212CAME4 nsk - pt.spainbearing
Rolamentos NSK22212CAME4 NSK Rolamentos NSK22212CAME4 NSK Especificação IDxODxB(mm):(60mmx110mmx28)mm, modelo antigo: Rolamentos, Se você quiser parâmetros técnicos mais detalhados ou inquérito, por favor entre em contatoContact us
NSK NSK22213CAME4 Bearings Bearing Ann Arbor - NSK Bearings
The product information of the webpage is for reference only. I apologize for the trouble you have caused. Specific product information, prices, please contact our experts,Contact us
2212 | SNR 2212Bearing | 1512 bearing 60x110x28 Size
SN SNR suppliers and brand agency cooperation, such as (NSK, SKF, FAG, INA, timken, koyo etc.), to meet your different 2212 quality andContact us
nsk 6220-2RZ Bearings|nsk 6220-2RZ Bearing Size - nsk
NSK 6220-2RZ Bearings if you show any interest in our products ,please feel free and contact us: [email protected] NSK 6220-2RZ Bearings InterchangeContact us
NSK 22212CAME4 bearing 60x110x28 | Spherical Roller
NSK 22212CAME4 bearing: Hangzhou BFW Bearing Manufacturing Co., Ltd. professional providing NSK 22212CAME4 Bearing, the old code: , The company can provide a variety of bearings, while also professional agency of 2221222212CAMKE4 bearing High demand Quality
Our quality NSK NSK22212CAMKE4 bearing is top in the world. We have large inventory now. Delivery time: 5-7days. our NSK NSK22212CAMKE4 bearing own more competitive price and high good quality than other exporter..We ,SRG BEARINGS is the lead distributor of NSK NSK22212CAMKE4Contact us
NSK NSK22213CAME4 Bearings Bearing Ann Arbor - NSK Bearings
The product information of the webpage is for reference only. I apologize for the trouble you have caused. Specific product information, prices, please contact our experts,Contact us
NSK 22216EAKE4 spherical roller bearing Original products
Relative bearing dimension:NSK NSK22210CAME4 bearingSpherical Roller Bearings50mm*90mm*23mmNSK NSK22210CAMKE4 bearingSpherical Roller Bearings50mm*90mm*23mmNSK NSK22211CAME4 bearingSpherical Rolle...Contact us
NSK NSK22212CAME4 Bearing | bearing 60x110x28 Size
NSK NSK22212CAME4 Bearing Lihsui Bearing Trade Co, Ltd professional providing NSK NSK22212CAME4 Bearing, has many years of experience, NSK22212CAME4 size: IDxODxB(mm) (60x110x28), the old model: bearing, while also professional agency of NSK22212CAME4 models of other brands of bearings, such as SKF, NSK, NTN , timken, FAG and other brands, the company has a lot of stock, would like to know theContact us
NSK NSK22252CAME4 bearing which to buy? Quick Quote
NSK NSK22252CAME4 | NSK NSK22252CAME4 bearing. The company specializes in the production of NSK22252CAME4 NSK Spherical Roller Bearings, a large number of stock, providing NSK22252CAME4 Spherical Roller Bearings Old model:bearing price parameters and detailed view of the low, the company's products of good quality and low price, good service, products are sold around the world, and can provideContact us
MAC NJ2212 Bearings | MAC NJ2212 Bearing Size - MAC
MAC NJ2212 Bearings,MAC NJ2212 Bearing Size And Price.Contact us
nsk NSKN304W Bearings|nsk NSKN304W Bearing Size - nsk
NSK NSKN304W Bearings Hongkong NKF Machinery Co.,Limited. ---a professional agency of well-known brands bearings,including SKF bearings, FAG bearings, NSK bearings, INA bearings, TIMKEN bearings, .Contact us
NSK NSK22212camke4 bearing in Germany - Royal Bearing
NSK NSK22212camke4 bearing in Germany Company information NSK NSK22212camke4 bearing in Germany Company enjoys a high reputation in bearing industry , the quality of the NSK NSK22212camke4 bearing in Germany is self-evident.NSK NSK22212camke4 bearing in Germany company as one of the world's leading manufacturers with hundred years history .For the high-quality of NSK NSK22212camke4 bearing inContact us
NSK NSK22226CAME4 bearing which to buy? Quick Query Size
NSK NU2328 | NSK NU2328 bearing 140x300x102 - Wafangdian. The company specializes in the production of NU2328 NSK Cylindrical Roller Bearings, a large number of stock, providing NU2328 Cylindrical Roller Bearings Old model:32628 bearing price parameters and detailed view of the low, the company's products of good quality and low price, good service, products are sold around the world, and canContact us
NSK NSK22212CAME4 – Ball Roller Bearings Supplier Bearinga
Product modelNSK NSK22212CAME4New Bearing modelNSK NSK22212CAME4 BearingOld Bearing model BearingTypContact us
SNR 2212 Bearing | 1512 bearing 60x110x28 Size - Self
SNR 2212 bearing: Lihsui Bearing Trade Co, Ltd professional providing SNR 2212 Bearing, has many years of experience, 2212 size: IDxODxB(mm) (60x110x28), the old model: 1512 bearing, while also professional agency of 2212 models of other brands of bearings, such as SKF, NSK, NTN , timken, FAG and other brands, the company has a lot of stock, would like to know the specific parameters of theContact usEdmond, Oklahoma
Jul 2013 – Sep 2014
Country Engineer / Project ManagerUS Navy - CJTF Horn of Africa
Jun 2010 – Jun 2013
Public Works Officer - Facilities, Engineering, and AcquisitionsUS Navy - Naval Air Facility Misawa, Japan
Aug 2008 – Jun 2010
Assistant Operations OfficerUS Navy - Naval Mobile Construction Battalion FORTY
Jul 2007 – Aug 2008
Construction ManagerOffice in Charge of Construction, Katrina
Apr 2005 – Jul 2007
Assistant Public Works OfficerUS Navy - Naval Air Station New Orleans
Jun 2000 – Dec 2001
National Sales RepresentativePayhchex Inc.
BS, Mechanical Engineering
Brigham Young University
MBA, Strategy and Analytics
University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill
Specialties
Business Analysis
Business Project Management
Technical Project Management
Program ManagementThe main point of participation in the Activy competition is to have fun through movement. To do this, you need to make sure you have the right conditions to record your activities. You must therefore set up the device responsible for recording your route accordingly. Otherwise, your activities may or may not be recorded correctly and your score will not be included in the challenge ranking.
Below you will find a short guide to this. Remember, your phone settings should be adjusted before you start in the challenge, preferably a day or a few hours before! So that you have time to solve any problems.
Integration with external devices and applications: Garmin, Polar and Strava.
You need to use GPS data to save your activity, and you can do this in four ways:
- in the Activy app
- in the Strava app after connecting the account with Activy
- with a Garmin or Polar device when combined with Activy
- with other devices if they connect to Strava and you connect Strava to Activy
To connect external applications to Activy, go to Activy Settings and find an option to connect to your application or device.
However, if you use your phone and the Activy app to record an activity, you must adjust the phone settings in the right way.
1. Launching the App
To properly configure the application start-up and GPS operation settings, enter the application settings and press "Customize settings on your phone". Then follow the instructions displayed in the application to adjust the settings.
2. Location settings
This is the basis without which the application won't receive GPS samples from the phone. Activy immediately after installation or on the first route asks for permission to access the location. If you do not know whether you have granted access or changed settings, two routes are possible:
Go to: Settings > Applications > Activy > Permissions > Enable for location
or
Settings > Location > Permissions > Search for Activy and enable: Settings > Applications > from the menu in the upper right corner of "application permissions" > location > search for Activy and enable
Enable "high accuracy location" mode
Make sure that in your phone settings in the Location or Privacy section, you have high accuracy location enabled. This is essential :)
3. Phone battery settings
Incorrectly configured phone battery settings are one of the most common reasons for cutting the route, turning off the application during activity or not recording the route in any way.
To prevent such problems, turn off your phone's battery/energy saving settings, battery management systems, battery optimisation, and any external application to optimise power consumption.
Each phone has different options and factory settings, so the way to solve the problem may vary from brand to brand.
Samsung: Settings -> Apps -> Choose the three dots (the icon in the top right corner) -> Special Access -> Optimize battery usage -> Find Activy on the list and make sure it’s selected
Huawei:
Change battery settings to normal (switch off saving modes) and grant Activy permission or switch off automatic settings for the application
Settings > Applications > Advanced > Ignore optimizations > Find in the Activy list and select "allow"
HTC: Settings -> Power -> Battery optimization -> Choose "Activy" -> Select "Don't optimize" -> Done
Xiaomi MIUI:
Settings > Additional settings > Battery and Performance > Manage application battery consumption > Select "Applications" and then "Activy"
Settings > Additional Settings > Privacy > Location and make sure you allow applications to access your location and use "High Accuracy" location
Sony: Settings > Battery > Select "(...)" in the upper right-hand corner of the menu and click "Battery optimization" > Select "Applications" > Select "Activy"
LG: Settings > Battery and power saving > Select "Battery consumption" > Disable optimization > Enable ignoring battery optimization for Activy
One Plus: Settings > Battery > Battery optimization > Go to "list of all applications" > Select Activy and "do not optimize" options
Motorola: Settings > Battery > click menu in the top right corner > Battery optimisation > select "do not optimise" and "all applications" > Find in the Activy list and select "do not optimise"
4. Background application settings
Remember to allow the application to run in the background. Otherwise, when you hide your phone to start activity, the application may stop working or receive GPS locations from your phone.
You can usually find permissions to operate in the background in your phone's settings under Location or in the permissions for the application.
You can check it out on Huawei phones as follows:
1) Come in: Settings -> Applications and notifications -> Applications -> Activy -> Battery -> Start-up -> Switching automatic management to manual - this allows you to run applications in the background
After the above steps have been taken, your phone should not cause any problems with recording your activity during the challenge. However, if there are any more difficulties, please refer to the Activy application FAQ section.
In case of any problems, we also encourage you to read the guide at, which explains how to deal with automatic closing of applications by phones of different brands.
Remember that you can always write to contact@activy.plcontact@activy.pl where the Activa team will try to help you :)
So there's nothing left to do but to put on the right outfit, start the app on your phone or watch and go into battle for the best position in the challenge! Good luck! :)A very famous and 25 year old printing press with 2 branches in Abu Dhabi for sale. Fully equipped and staffed with the main press located on Mussafah (15,000 sq.ft).
– 1 delivery van
– 1 car
– offset printing machines
– digital printing machines
– existing businesses worth more than AED 300K per month
And many other assets to be sold along with offer.
Reason for sale – family business owners to relocate and focus on main line of business.Download Now Download Now what is it? below threshold (a.k.a. "under threshold") is a general effects plug that can set all pixels that are below a threshold in red, green, and blue to a color you specify. what should I use it for? this plug is extremely useful whenever you are filming against a dark background (e.g. grey, black) and want to eliminate reflections (for later matting effects) or slight irregularities in a background. you can also use it to change the color of a dark background to any color you like. note that there is a second plug called 'above threshold' that does the opposite: set all pixels that are above a certain level to a color you specify. Price USD 1.5 License Purchase File Size 4.18 MB Version 3.0.0u Operating System Macintosh, Mac OS X 10.4 PPC, Mac OS X 10.4 Intel System Requirements Mac OS X 10.4 or higher (Universal) Download Now Download NowSand lice symptoms. A 48-year-old member asked: What are symptoms of lice, besides scratching? Dr. Derrick Lonsdale answered. Preventive Medicine 73 years experience. Nits: Lice lay eggs on the hair that stick to it. They look like small transparent flakes that can be
Jun 29, 2018 There is a crustacean that marine biologists call sea lice, but it’s a parasite that affects fish, not people. And parasitic sea lice shouldn’t be confused with sand lice, also called sea
Sea lice, also called seabather’s eruption, is caused by jellyfish larvae in the ocean that get trapped in your bathing suit and sting you. Here’s how to treat the itchy, red rash
Symptoms of sea lice exposure. often do not appear for six hours or more after the exposure and may last from two days to two weeks. Rashes and blisters from sea lice stings may be very painful and can become infected from repeated scratching
May 11, 2019 An icky-sounding creature called sea lice—which find their way into beachgoers’ swimsuits and cause a red, bumpy rash called seabather’s eruption. If
Aug 22, 2018 Other steps you can take include: applying diluted vinegar or rubbing alcohol to irritated areas to soothe them applying cloth-covered ice packs to the affected areas taking nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), such as ibuprofen and aspirin, to reduce pain and inflammation
A sand flea is a small crustacean in the Talitridae family that can inflict a painful bite. There are several different types of sand flea, all of which live in sandy coastal areas. They feed in the early morning or evening and will attack anything, including humans and animals, that comes near them. Different species of sand flea are known as mole crab, sand fly, and Chigoe flea
2. Re: Sea Lice and Sand Fleas. Sand fleas are big things that are in the surf and bury themselves in the sand. They are about the size of your thumb and pose no problem to you. The shore birds like to eat them and probe in the sand to find them. They are not a flea at all, only the name we call them
Aug 22, 2018 Sea lice bites tend to make the news every summer as beach goers hit the ocean. These “bites” aren’t actually bites at all, and the critters aren’t actually lice — we’ll tell you what
May 25, 2016
Mar 05, 2019
Nov 05, 2019 Real sea lice are parasites that feed on the blood of salmon and other fish. They don't bite humans. For some reason, though, in the 1950s, residents of coastal areas began to call the stings of jellyfish larvae “sea lice bites.” The name just stuck. But that’s not the only name. Some doctors call the skin irritation seabather's eruption
Aug 25, 2020 The fleas originally came from Africa, and Hinkle says sand fleas are common on African beaches as well. The CDC adds that the fleas normally occur
Sand fleas leave itchy and painful bumps and scars on your skin. So, without further delay, here are the best remedies to get rid of sand fleas in your home fast
Emerita is a small genus of decapod crustaceans, known as sand crabs, sand bugs, sand fleas, or mole crabs. These small animals burrow in the sand in the swash zone and use their antennae for filter feeding. Description. Emerita has a barrel-shaped body. It has a tough exoskeleton and can hold its
Sand fleas are small crustaceans found on beaches. Sand fleas can stick in your body and bite you. When they bite, they leave their saliva that causes irritation and rashes in the skin. How to Remove Sand Fleas From Skin. It is sand fleas that will hatch their eggs in your skin
Oct 13, 2004 Sand fleas were not bad there or at WB the two days we were there. I did run into a patch of sea lice on a night dive. Only got stung on the upper lip and after an hour or so the discomfort was gone. Hope this helps Duke . S. snorkelgeek Registered. Messages
Nov 04, 2021. How bad are the sand fleas? Even though sand fleas are quite small, they can
Cumings Shad Sand Flea Net with 4-Foot Wooden Handle. 4.4 out of 5 stars. 2. $14.40. $14. . 40. $5.95 shipping. MEEGOON Sand Fleas Rake, Stainless Steel Sand Sifter, Detachable 47” Long Handle, 15.7 Inches Width Basket, Sand Crab Catcher with Sharp Teeth,Collapsible Sand FleasPinto Beans Organic
UNIT
100g
FROM
£ 0.50 GBP
Pinto Beans Organic
UNIT
100g
FROM
£ 0.50 GBP
Popular in Tex-Mex cuisine, pinto beans are a versatile and healthy addition to many Mexican dinner recipes and side-dish recipes.
How to Use:
Pinto beans need soaking for several hours, preferably overnight. You can also bring them to the boil in a pan, then turn the heat off and soak them for about an hour covered. Always discard the soaking water, rinse and cook in fresh water without any salt (which toughens the skins). For the stovetop method, add three cups of fresh water or broth for each cup of beans.
Bring the beans to a boil, then reduce to a simmer, partially covering the pot. Pinto beans generally take about 1 to 1-1/2 half hours to become tender. They can also be cooked in a pressure cooker where they take about 1/2 hour to prepare.
Ingredients:
Organic red speckled beans (100%).
Allergens:
No known allergens.
This product may contain traces of allergens due to possible cross-contamination.hot, Normal Carbon Steel, %Ten Important Things To Know About How To Play Omaha Poker
Omaha poker vs Texas holdem. Although slightly overlooked in poker circles by its more famous cousin, No Limit Texas Hold’em (NLHE), Pot Limit Omaha (PLO) deserves more recognition than it often gets. Whether you play Hold’em, Five Card Stud or any other variant of poker, nothing comes close to PLO, but its a different game and you need to know how to play Omaha poker.
We are all familiar with the much quoted, often used Mike Sexton quote ”Texas Hold’em takes a minute to learn and a lifetime to master” but, trust us, PLO takes 10 minutes to learn and 100 lifetimes to master. And yet, it still gets overlooked, perhaps due to being more complex, even if ultimately it is more fun. Take a look at the World Series of Poker (WSOP). Of the 89 events, only 10 are dedicated to Omaha, not including mixed games or H.O.R.S.E. events.
We think that this is wrong and to make our point, here are 10 important things to know about playing PLO poker.
NLHE Or PLO
Its a common question; Omaha poker vs Texas holdem. Although the two variants have a number of differences to set them apart, they require similar skill sets by anyone looking to take them down. Firstly, PLO plays with four hole cards, also known as pocket cards, whereas NLHE (look here for how to play Texas holdem poker) only plays with two. But, of these four, PLO players must use two, whereas NLHE players can, if needed, technically overlook their hole cards altogether.
In both formats, players are required to make a five card poker hand from seven or nine cards, using two hole, and three community cards. But, as outlined above, in PLO, players have an extra two hole cards to select from and must use two of them.
What Is P0t Limit Omaha?
Pot Limit Omaha is the second most popular form of poker played today. Because players are issued with four hole cards, it is imperative that you have a very solid understanding of how to play Omaha poker, including reading the board, what makes the best winning hand combinations and best Omaha hands, how to count outs and how to calculate odds. This is true of NLHE also, but even more so in PLO.
In NLHE, the betting structure is no-limit meaning players can raise as much as possible to force their opponents hand. But, in PLO, the betting structure is pot-limit. By limit we mean bet size and the maximum bet you can make is equal to the size of the total pot including your bet.
You Need To Re-learn Your Poker Hands For Omaha Poker Strategy
The best Omaha hands are different. Because you now need to use two pocket cards, your hand values have changed which is worth keeping in mind if you regularly switch between PLO and NLHE. For example, comparing Omaha poker vs Texas holdem, in NLHE if there are three hearts among the community cards and we’re holding Ace of Hearts also, we have four of a kind. In Omaha, we would still need another Heart card in our pocket because we need to use both hole cards. If the Ace of Hearts is the only hole card we have, we cannot form the same hand, no matter how many hearts fall in the middle. In short, stop thinking like a NLHE player.
Thinking Of A Greater Range In PLO
Preflop hands in PLO have a greater range. Take a strong preflop hand of Ace of Hearts and Ace of Spades, which has a NLHE favourite range of 82.36% over a pair of kings of the same suite. However, in PLO the same hand – Ace of Spades and Ace of Hearts – paired with the 7 and 6 of, say, Diamonds, will only beat King of Hearts, King of Spades, Queen of Hearts and Jack of Spades approximately 59.84% of the time. Understanding this is a key to how to play Omaha poker.
How To Play Omaha Poker; Strong Starting Hands
PLO success requires solid starting hand selection to end up with the best Omaha hand. I know you could say this about all forms of poker but in PLO it is particularly critical. The best PLO starting hands will include high-ended pairs that are also double-suited with connectors that allows them to improve preflop. Two suits worth of Ace, Ace, King, King is the best pot-limit Omaha starting hand according to computer algorithms – which is hardly surprising.
Common P0t Limit Omaha Mistakes
Anyone looking to be a successful PLO player would do well to remember a few things about this particular variant of poker. Firstly, do not ever, ever overvalue your hands. Overvaluing weak hands, such as two-pair or bottom set, is a very common and costly mistake in PLO. But, here’s the thing over-valuing Aces and other big pairs is another mishap in the making. If you compare Omaha poker vs Texas holdem, while a solitary pair by the time you reach the river offers slim hope in NLHE, it’s practically dead in Omaha.
Position is everything in PLO so do not get tempted to play too many hands when out of position, instead get it right when you’re in position. Slow playing, which can pay dividends in NLHE, should hardly ever be attempted in PLO because everyone is holding four cards meaning that they each have a greater amount of outs. Oh, and don’t play too many hands.
Stop Bluffing; Different Omaha Poker
When you learn how to play Omaha poker you will realise that there is less bluffing in PLO poker. If someone reckons on having a strong hand, then the likelihood is they have, so be prepared and never go in weak. Bet sizing is a dead giveaway in PLO, more so than NLHE, even when attempting to pull off an almighty bluff. Many new comers to PLO have bet sizing leaks, betting the limit when holding the nuts, but shoving half when bluffing is easy for your opponents to read so bet consistently. This is important for your Omaha poker strategy.
How To Play Omaha Poker; Watch That Tilt
Omaha is a particularly twisty game that can swing your way and the other in seconds. Because of this, you need strong emotional control to be successful. If you go on tilt easily, then this might not be the best game for you. It’s true, tilting can cost NLHE players dear too but this is a whole lot more relevant in PLO due to the nature of the game so remember to keep your cool in the face of extreme variance. If you suffer a few bad beats you need to stay on top of yourself or recognise the symptoms of an oncoming inner rage in which case, step back and take a break.
Basic Pot-Limit Omaha Strategy
What we can take home from all of the above is that PLO is a complex game, so a defining winning strategy is hard to construct. That said, this is poker so we can suggest a few pointers that you can use to form the basis of a solid PLO strategy. In PLO, you want to reach showdown with the strongest possible hand, because remember Omaha strategy, bluffing is not an advised option, so be patient with your starting hand selection and don’t settle for any four cards thinking that they are worth playing. Also, while there will be times when you can play a weaker draw aggressively, drawing to the nuts works best.
Conclusion
In conclusion Pot Limit Omaha offers an exciting twist on other poker variants, creating swollen pots and where players put together big hands regularly. Remember though, that playing PLO does require a heftier bankroll than NLHE due to the closeness in strength of hands both preflop and post-flop which leads to players playing more hands and creating those swollen pots in the first place. But, because of this,as you learn how to play Omaha poker, the rewards, and the punishments, are very often greater.Jetster 13,324 Posted September 11, 2018 Share Posted September 11, 2018 A lot of Jet fans brought him up when discussin Darron Lee. Darron Lee will be playing this Sunday...Deion Jones is gone for the year. Advantage Darron Lee. Can Jet fans please let players develop & get experience before using the bust label? Check Brian Baldingers video on Jamal Adams. The play in the endzone when he hits the WR is a thing of beauty, he 1st takes that flat, keeps his eyes on Stafford, rotates his hips inside while heading towards the WR & smacks him as soon as he gets his hands on the ball & knocks it out of hands. Absolutely awesome recognition of what he was seeing & reaction to where the play went. He also just SMASHES Marvin Jones and wreaks havoc in the backfield. Some really nice film that I'm sure Bowles will be praising in the film room. Also my son who lives in Nashville told be me we got a rising LB in Avery Williamson when Mac signed him. Nail....head. Quote Link to post Share on other sites
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.BBC orders a third series of Uncle
...but it goes online with BBC Three
Nick Helm's comedy Uncle is to return for a third series – but online.
Co-stars Elliot Speller-Gillot and Daisy Haggard will also both return for seven new episodes of the sitcom about a feckless musician and his relationship with his nephew.
With BBC Three being relegated to an online-only channel next year, there had been speculation that the critically acclaimed show might move to BBC Two.
However a BBC spokesperson confirmed to Chortle that: 'We think it will be BBC Three online'.
Helm has criticised the decision to move BBC Three off conventional TV as 'shortsighted and silly', tweeting on Sunday that the channel was a 'breeding ground for new talent'.
Today he said of the recommission: , while playing my fake TV family, end up substituting my actual family for seven weeks a year.
'I'm really looking forward to seeing what the new series has got in store and getting the "Family" back together again.'
Shane Allen, the BBC's head of comedy commissioning, added: 'It's great to welcome back TV's unlikeliest double-act for another blend of the funny and the poignant.'
Uncle is directed by Oliver Refson, who co-writes with Lilah Vandenburgh, and is filmed on location in Croydon.
Alison MacPhail, who produces the show for Baby Cow, said: 'It really is as much fun as it looks working on this show, and we are delighted to have a third series commissioned.'
Earlier this year, Helm told London newspaper The Wharf that with Speller-Gillott turning 15, their dynamic would change in a third series. 'The relationship evolves as their age evolves,' he said.
Ratings for Uncle's second series were slightly down on the first, averaging just under 400,000 viewers an episode.
The commissioning editor for BBC Comedy is Kristian Smith and the executive producers for Baby Cow are Henry Normal and Lindsay Hughes.
- by Jay Richardson
Published: 3 Dec 2015An airstrike hit the capital of Tigray region in northern Ethiopia on Wednesday morning, regionally controlled television said, reporting the second attack on the city of Mekelle this week.
Tigrai Television, controlled by the region’s Tigrayan People’s Liberation Front (TPLF), reported the attack targeted the city centre.
It posted photographs of what appeared to be plumes of billowing smoke, but it was not immediately possible for Reuters to geolocate the photographs. The TV station said in a statement on Facebook that the strike was at 10:24 a.m. (0724 GMT).
Ethiopia’s government spokesman, Legesse Tulu, did not immediately answer a phone call requesting comment on the reported strike. It was not immediately possible to reach the spokesperson for the TPLF.
The two sides have been fighting a war for almost a year that has killed thousands of people and displaced more than 2 million.
A humanitarian source in Mekelle told Reuters the strike was in an area of the city called 05 Kebelle — an area near a cement factory on the city’s outskirts.
The strike hit around 10:30 a.m., the source said.
The report of a strike comes two days after two airstrikes hit the city. Rebellious Tigrayan forces accused the Ethiopian government of launching the strikes. Though a government official initially denied any strikes, state-run media later reported the air force conducted an attack. read more
The news follows intensified fighting in two other Ethiopian regions, where the central government’s military is trying to recover territory taken by the TPLF, which recaptured Mekelle and most of the rest of Tigray several months ago.
“The federal airstrikes Brussels-based International Crisis Group, a think-tank.
“Along with superior manpower, control of the skies is one of the few remaining areas of military advantage for the federal government,” Davison said.
Disclaimer: Opinion and comments are solely the responsibility of the author and does not necessarily reflect the views of the publishers. Contact us for eyewitness reports, advert placement & or general enquiries >>> +2349138493600 Email: reports@bobojaytv.comTHE CHALLENGE
With an increase of credit card data breaches in recent years, protection of credit card information is top of mind both for organizations and customers. To better protect payment card data, the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) was established to create a set of security regulations that govern the protection of this data for all organizations that accept, process, store, or transmit credit card information. Failure to comply with the established security standards can result in serious fines and a tarnished reputation.
A large healthcare system was notified that it is now required to report compliance as one entity, rather than separate small business units (individual gift shops, parking garages, pharmacies, etc.). Since level of responsibility is based on the number of yearly credit card transactions, this consolidation increased their responsibility of reporting.
The healthcare system was only given a year and a half to become compliant at the new level, but with only one employee handling this effort, additional support was needed. Through existing relationships, the client learned of Sendero’s experience with PCI Compliance and requested assistance.
With an increase of credit card data breaches in recent years, protection of credit card information is top of mind both for organizations and customers.
OUR APPROACH
Sendero worked with the existing PCI Lead to perform a current state assessment and remediate gaps.
This assessment included:
- Interviewing the 22 managers of entities accepting card payments, including gift shops, retail pharmacies, and parking garages to better understand their current processes and policies
- Evaluating 11 third-party payment applications used to capture payment information in the different lines of business
After gathering the current-state information, the findings were compared against the PCI DSS regulations to identify the gaps needing remediation.Get Farm Market Vendor Form Final - Finger Lakes Riesling Festival
2016 Finger Lakes Riesling & Craft Beer Festival Farm Market Vendor Application Thank you for your interest in participating in the Finger Lakes Riesling & Craft Beer Festival (the Festival)..
How It Works
Open form follow the instructions
Easily sign the form with your finger
Send filled & signed form or save
How to fill out and sign 10X10 online?
Get your online template and fill it in using progressive features. Enjoy smart fillable fields and interactivity. Follow the simple instructions below:
Choosing a legal expert, making an appointment and coming to the workplace for a private conference makes completing a Farm Market Vendor Form Final - Finger Lakes Riesling Festival from beginning to end exhausting. US Legal Forms enables you to rapidly produce legally binding documents according to pre-built online samples.
Execute your docs within a few minutes using our easy step-by-step guide:
- Get the Farm Market Vendor Form Final - Finger Lakes Riesling Festival you need.
- Open it up using the online editor and start editing.
- Complete the blank fields; involved parties names, places of residence and phone numbers etc.
- Change the blanks with exclusive fillable fields.
- Put the particular date and place your e-signature.
- Simply click Done after twice-checking everything.
- Save the ready-created document to your gadget or print it as a hard copy.
Swiftly generate a Farm Market Vendor Form Final - Finger Lakes Riesling Festival without having to involve specialists. We already have more than 3 million users benefiting from our rich collection of legal documents. Join us right now and get access to the #1 catalogue.Content
Brodsky added that social media has made it tougher to realize closure from a previous relationship, which can trigger issues for individuals prone to ROCD. The finish of one relationship and the beginning of one other one have become much less clear as a result of folks nonetheless remain related online. For instance, people can nonetheless maintain tabs of exes on Facebook which might result in much more doubts if that relationship was better than the one they have now.
- Second, provided that third variables, similar to character, sexual frequency, and marital satisfaction, may account for the association between attachment and infidelity, the present research managed for these variables.
- Specific attachment behaviours start with predictable, apparently innate, behaviours in infancy.
- Part of asking for reassurance is her checking that you haven’t changed but – and that you simply nonetheless imagine within the relationship.
- ‘Affective information’ – the feelings provoked by the potential for hazard, corresponding to anger or fear.
- In a codependent relationship, boundaries are blurred such that you just really feel the necessity to share feelings or share every other’s pain.
- Ford had hovered in the background of the Hughes liaison, almost actually making it inconceivable for Hepburn to consider his marriage proposal.
Uphold the right of girls and boys to training in all areas through secondary degree and better education, including college or university, and problem clear orders to all commanders not to impede the functioning of colleges. Taliban courts have also imposed harsh punishments for “moral crimes,” including zina, the offense of sexual intercourse by two people who aren’t married to every other.
Do Partners Ranges Of Attachment Insecurity Work Together To Predict Infidelity?
However, many of the husbands who write to me are fixated on only one “thing;” one occasion, one particular person, one situation, one sexual act… simply this “one thing” about their wife’s previous that they can’t appear to cease excited about. “I can’t recover from my wife’s past” – common thought that goes through their thoughts. Going ahead into post-pandemic life, or a minimal of coming out of lockdown, Vowels expects to see one other round of transition and negotiation amongst couples. Partners should once more balance completely different levels of threat and work out how their priorities could have shifted in the course of the pandemic. Research is uncovering how the pandemic affected our romantic relationships and ideas for staying shut and connected..
This may trigger an individual to really feel unloved or unlovable and fearful that their companion could go away them. Causing them to feel threatened by anything that will divert their partner’s attention away from them.
Tips On How To Settle For The Previous Of Your Partner: Is It A Deal
From the second Hepburn got here into his life, he solid her within the role of the mistress. He lived on the Beverly Hills Hotel, she in John Gilbert’s old home on Tower Drive. Yet there was a part of him that needed to recollect his loathsomeness.
If you don’t have a adverse or insecure thought, overthinking will guarantee that you just find one. In general, it’s not a fantastic habit, because it usually creates stress, anxiety, and pressure within your self – however within the context of your relationship it spells a recipe for disaster. Verywell Mind uses solely high-quality sources, including peer-reviewed studies, to assist the facts within our articles.Sample collection
Medical x-ray CT imaging and image analysis
Sample preparation for x-ray microtomography, imaging and image analysis
Flow simulations for permeability, CO2 diffusivity, and apparent thermal conductivity
Dimensionless numbers
Percolation threshold analysis
Drainage experiment
The XRD analyses were performed on both bulk powder samples and clay fraction separated from the sample. The nest material was crushed using mortar and pestle to obtain a fine powder. The powder samples were analyzed using an PANalytical X-Pert Pro, using Cu Kα radiation at 40 kV and 40 mA. The samples were scanned over a sampling range of 2.5 to 70°2θ with a step size of 0.0066 and a scan speed of 0.023°2θ per second. For each nest, triplicate samples were used for bulk analyses and duplicate samples for separated clay fraction analyses with and without chemical treatment. As the clay particles (<2 μm in size) generally do not show clear diffraction patterns in bulk samples with random orientation, the clay fraction was separated from the bulk sample upon dispersion of the powder using an ultrasonic bath. Centrifugation of the samples at 1000 rpm for 2 min was used to separate the heavier fraction, whereas the clay was left in suspension. The clay suspended fluid was then put on glass rounds, the clay was allowed to settle, and the material was left to dry to generate oriented mounts for XRD analysis. The air-dried clay fraction samples and glycol-solvated clay fraction samples were used to identify different clays present in the samples. Moreover, some clay fractions were treated with 1 N HCl to confirm the absence of chlorite in the samples.
The diffraction analyses on the bulk samples of both nests show peaks of quartz (45); however, the Guinea sample also shows the presence of kaolinite and hematite (fig. S1). The XRD analysis on the separated clay fraction shows peaks of kaolinite and smectite in the Senegal sample and peaks of kaolinite and illite in the Guinea samples. The integrated intensities of the characteristic peaks were used for quantification of the relative mineral abundance in the samples. Separated fractions of different minerals are reported in table S1.In late September, almost 60 participants coming from 19 African countries representing 45 civil society member organizations, funders and friends of the African Coalition for Corporate Accountability (ACCA) met in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia for the Second Meeting of the ACCA. We are delighted to share with you the full report of that meeting.
Strategically planned to coincide with the first-ever African Regional Forum on Business and Human Rights, the meeting was a milestone for the ACCA and laid the foundation for the coalition to be sustainable and locally-led. Key goals achieved were:
- Defining what the ACCA stands for in a vision, mission and strategy statement that participants generated and agreed to;
- Defining the coalition’s governance structure;
- Electing seven civil society organizations to serve on the coalition’s regionally and linguistically balanced steering committee;
- Agreeing on the contours of a visionary action plan.
The meeting was convened by Global Rights, and made possible through the generous support of Australian Aid, an anonymous donor, American Jewish World Service, the Fund for Global Human Rights and Oxfam Novib. A special thanks is extended to the meeting’s three facilitators, led by Sheila Keetharuth and supported by Meetali Jain (Centre for Human Rights, University of Pretoria) and Lien De Brouckere (Global Rights).
As a significant demonstration of its voice and power to engage on the issues on the continent, ACCA had robust participation in the African Regional Forum on Business & Human Rights. Representatives of ACCA member organisations spoke as panelists on 9 of the Forum’s 12 sessions on a wide range of topics, and the ACCA issued a statement on the Forum.
The full report is available in English and French.Digital Photography Courses in (Reading) Berkshire
Digital Photography Courses in (Reading) Berkshire
Courses Ranging from Absolute Beginners to Advanced Specialisms
Courses Ranging from Absolute Beginners to Advanced Specialisms
GDPR Compliance statement May 2018 – Privacy Policy
What type of information do we collect?
We receive, collect and store any information you enter on our website or provide us in any other way. We may use software tools to measure and collect session information (e.g. Google Analytics), including page response times, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information, and methods used to browse away from the page. We also collect personally identifiable information (including name, email, communications); payment details (which currently may be through direct payment transfer or Paypal), comments, feedback, recommendations of courses that may be of interest or suggestions for new developments. ‘store’ and its service providers.
How do we communicate with our site visitors?
We may contact you to notify you regarding your account, to troubleshoot a possible problem with a payment, to resolve a dispute, to collect fees or monies owed, to poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires, to send supporting course notes etc. and?
Whilst we do not use specific tracking tools on our website to target advertising based on personal information they gather.
Cookies are implemented in every site built by Wix. Take a look at the table below to view which cookies Wix implements on Wix sites:
How can site visitors' withdraw their consent?
If you don’t want us to process your data anymore, please contact us at [neil@onslowphotoschool.com or onslowphotoschool@gmail.com] or send us mail to: [Flat4/159 Butts Hill Road, Woodley, RG5 4NX].Materials World Network: investigations of quantum fluctuation relations using sup...
Multiuser equipment approved in grant 2017/08602-0: ultra high vacuum electron bea...
Circuit Quantum Electrodynamics: Bistability and Squeezed States
Multiuser equipment approved in grant 2017/08602-0: dilution fridge
Proposal to generate and characterize entanglement using metamaterials resonators
Quantum information processing via nuclear magnetic resonance
Open quantum systems simulation with superconducting qubitsThat One Day Kit Unboxing | Jen SchowOct 06, 2015
If you are like me, you anxiously await that pretty little striped box on your doorstep each month. Even with the sneak peeks, it's so much more fun to see it in person!
So, take a little peek at what is shipping to subscribers later this week!
I hope you'll love it as much as I do! The colors and patterns are somehow perfectly Autumnal but also work for everyday kind of projects. So amazing!
Loved watching this video! x
Thanks for the video, Jen! That was neat to see your name on the alphas :)Thank you for visiting Camping Secrets – we are absolutely enchanted to meet you in this newly developing part of cyberspace ! Some introductions may be in order – we are Alison, Marc and Loz and we’ve created this website for your reading pleasure. We hope it helps you on your quest to better enjoy the great outdoors – within the UK and beyond.
We currently live in the Midlands of the UK, close to Birmingham. Being in such close proximity to a major city has several advantages, but having ample green spaces where you can lose yourself is not one of them. For many years we’ve therefore spent at least 1 in 4 of our weekends travelling away from home, exploring the UK first in tents, then in caravans and finally in our dream campervan.
Each of us enjoy walking and cycling and we hope to use Camping Secrets to highlight some of our favourite routes, and lesser-visited spots to visit. We’ve tried all sorts of gear over the years, and hope to now also use the website to review and promote a range of products which get things done in an efficient, reliable and value for money way. We aim to only review products which we have seen first hand either via industry contacts or via friends and family.
Camping gear is an essential part of the whole experience. Bad gear can mean the difference between enjoyment or desperation, contentment vs stress or even safety vs danger. We are not gear snobs, but experience tells us that it is very rarely worthwhile buying the cheapest item you see for sale. A well-designed tool or gadget or item of camping furniture will last you a lifetime and give you pleasure when it fulfills the task it was purchased for. Here at Camping Secrets we are dedicated to recommending those items which best balance the design aspects against the cost aspects – we know not everyone has got hundreds of pounds to buy the best of the best. That’s why we feel our website provides a useful service to you, the reader, in finding value for money among the multitude of options out there.
Our real love at the moment is our Mercedes Marco Polo campervan, and we especially hope to build up a section on the Camping Secrets site charting it’s design and development at Westfalia, as well as providing handy tips and hints we’ve gleaned after our last couple of years ownership. We also own multiple tents and can test items in a VW California, a VW Transporter camper conversion and several caravans which are owned by family and friends.
We hope you enjoy perusing the site – it’s early days at the moment, but please keep checking back as we think it will transform over the coming months. Most importantly, keep getting outside – it really is the solution to so many problems.
Happy Camping!
There are a lot of rumors in the game industry, but one particularly caught our eye. According to GameCreed.com, a "leaked" screenshot of Resident Evil 4 has come out.
What’s so interesting about that, you ask? Rumor says that the screenie is directly from an Xbox 360. If true, that means 360 fans can party. Is it real or is it a fake? See for yourself by clicking "full story."
 SAP High-Performance Analytic Appliance (HANA) is a database platform that runs real-time analytics, and helps customers develop and deploy real-time applications. It creatively integrates data analysis and application interactions into memory to relieve performance bottlenecks.
SAP HANA — highlighted by high-speed, low latency switching, and a writing performance with 15% less latency and 20% more available bandwidth — only houses devices that use Peripheral Component Interconnect Express (PCIe) Solid-State Drive (SSDs) and 56 Gbit/s InfiniBand technologies. It also features numerous deployment options: cloud offerings, such as HANA One, and HANA Enterprise Cloud; and on-premises offerings, such as HANA Appliance B1A, and B1H with 128 GB to 64 TB of usable memory.
Based on Huawei’s high-performance hardware platform, it provides complete deployment options, including scale-up, scale-out, tailored data center integration, and memory scalability from 128 GB to more than 64 TB.
SAP HANA has provided enterprises around the world — including El Corte Inglés (Spain and Portugal) and Shanghai Laiyifen (China) — with simplified management processes, pre-integrated applications, and unified management for hardware and software.
Cloud deployment: HANA One, and HANA Enterprise Cloud; and on-premises deployment: HANA Appliance B1A, and B1H with 128 GB to 64 TB of usable memory.
Supports innovative omni-channel retail applications; order status, sales data, and performance KPIs are updated in real-time to support accurate decision-making.
Replenishment time is shortened from days to minutes; freight delivery is shortened from 4 hours to less than one hour.
If you are already a Partner, please click here to get more marketing resources.
Click here to visit the Partner zone to check enquiry status, manage orders, get support, or learn more about Huawei Partners.HTTP/2 is an HTTP version that makes applications faster, simpler, and more robust in comparison with HTTP/1. To be able to use HTTP/2 you need to set up the connection through HTTPS. To make your website support HTTPS, enable the option Secure connection (SSL) on the website creation or edit form. For more information refer to the article Add a WWW-domain.
HTTP/2 is supported only on CentOS 7, CentOS 8, Debian 9, Debian 10, Debian 11, Ubuntu 18, Ubuntu 20. Make sure that your server runs Nginx 1.12 (or later) and OpenSSL 1.0.2k (or later). Read more in Web-servers.
Complete the following steps:
- Navigate to Web-server settings → Global settings.
- Check the Enable HTTP/2 box.
- HTTP/2 will be enabled for all the WWW-domains wit the Secure connection (SSL) activated.An Energy Efficient Remote Data Collection and Reprogramming of Wireless sensors Networks
Hemappa B, Shylaja B T, Dr.Manjaiah D H , Dr. Rabindranath Bera "An Energy Efficient Remote Data Collection and Reprogramming of Wireless sensors Networks"International Journal of Computer Trends and Technology (IJCTT),V3(3):1011-1016 Issue 2012 .ISSN 2231-2803.. Published by Seventh Sense Research Group.
Abstract: -Energy constrained sensor nodes are preloaded with the program code and data, which are usually unattended after deployment. Due to change in user requirements and environmental changes, preloaded software and firmware deployed in sensor nodes have to be reprogrammed on large number of sensor nodes to resolve the post deployment issues. It’s not easy and may be impossible to reach the remote sensor nodes deployed in hostile or private environment. The data collection from the sensor node to sink is equally important to disseminate the required program code and data from sink or host to sensors for reprogramming the new version of the software. The energy efficient dissemination of required program code and data to all the nodes in wireless sensor network is challenging task. Many WSN has proposed regular intervals of sleep-wake up of sensor nodes to enhance the lifetime of the sensor network. We propose an energy efficient gateway based remote reprogramming of the required software/firmware in sleep scheduled wireless sensor network without affecting the functionality of the wireless sensor network. The theoretical analysis and the simulation results reveal that our proposed scheme effectively transmit and reprogramming the software on deployed sensors by consuming less power resource and increases the network life time.
References-
[1] J.W. Hui and D. Culler, “The Dynamic Behavior of a Data Dissemination Protocol for Network Programming at Scale,” Proc. ACM Int’l Conf. Embedded Networked Sensor Systems (SenSys ’04), 2004.
[2] Wei Dong, Chun Chen, Xue Liu, Jiajun Bu, and Yi Gao, “A Lightweight and Density-Aware Reprogramming Protocol for Wireless Sensor Networks”, IEEE Transactions on Mobile Computing,Vol 10, No. 10, October 2011.
[3] Yan Zhang, Laurence T. Yang and Jiming Chen,, RFID and Sensor Networks: Architectures, Protocols, Security and Integrations, CRC Press. (c) 2010.
[4] Mihai Galos, David Navarro, Fabien Mieyeville, Ian O’Connor, “Energy-aware Software Updates in Heterogeneous Wireless Sensor Networks” ,IEEE 9th International conference on New Circuits and Systems Conference (NEWCAS), 2011, DOI:10.1109/NEWCAS.2011.5981238
[5] Seung-Ku Kim, Jae-Ho Lee, Kyeong Hur, Doo-Seop Eom, “Tiny Function-Linking for Energy-Efficient Reprogramming in Wireless Sensor Networks”, Third International Conference on Mobile Ubiquitous Computing, Systems, Services and Technologies, pp-208 – 213, 2009. UBICOMM'09. oi:10.1109/UBICOMM.2009.22
[6] S. Brown, C. J. Sreenan: Updating Software inWireless Sensor Networks: A Survey. Technical Report UCC-CS-2006-13-07, University College Cork, Ireland, July 2006.
[7] Chengfa Li, Mao Ye, Guihai Chen, Jie Wu, “An Energy-Efficient Unequal Clustering Mechanism for Wireless Sensor Networks”, IEEE
Keywords—Reprogramming, cluster head, gateway, firmware update, event-driven, sleep-wakeup.070321 panabaj 044.dng
A makeshift town in Tzanchaj , Guatemala on Wednesday, March 21, 2007. A deadly mudslide here was spawned by rains associated with Hurricane Stan in October 2005. Initially, up to 500 Tzujutil Maya villagers were believed to have been killed in Panabaj by the mudslide, which essentially wiped away the town. Construction in the shelter town was halted after the area was deemed to be of high risk.
- 3575x2109 / 7.8MB
-
-
- Keywords
-
- Contained in galleries
- Guatemala and Hurricane Stan
This Standard is applicable to accounting service providers or accounting firms (hereinafter referred to as “Providers”).
The Provider is responsible for providing services in accordance with the accounting standards and principles, legislation, good practice recommended by the Chamber of Accounting Services at the CCIS (hereinafter referred to as CAS), and the contract with the Client. The Provider may not transfer this responsibility to another Provider. During work, the Provider shall take into account general ethical principles that are defined by the Code of the Members of the CAS.
The purpose of this Standard is to define the basic conditions that must be met by the Provider when carrying out activities. The Standard defines the basic conditions for providing quality of carried-out activities, appropriate staff, working environment and an appropriate attitude towards the Clients.
The user of the Standard must take into account the fact that the accounting business is constantly evolving as a result of professional, technological and market development, as well as legislative changes. Development solutions are acceptable if they maintain the level of service quality and if they are not contrary with this Standard.
The Provider is a business entity engaged in providing accounting services to Clients. It includes one or more accounting experts who respect the fundamental principles of their profession. Professional Manager of the accounting firm is responsible for professional implementation of Provider’s accounting services.
Clients are all business entities or natural persons that order accounting services at the Provider for a fee. The Clients generally enter into an Agreement on Provision of Accounting Services with the Provider. The Clients are directly responsible for all documentation, which the accounting firm receives and arranges on their behalf.
Accounting services consist of accounting and other accounting services. Accounting includes bookkeeping, accounting budgeting, accounting control and accounting analyses. Other accounting services include the services of organizing accounting and bookkeeping, accounting training, consulting and other services.
Accounting includes the accounting tasks implemented within the framework of the accounting execution and information system. The accounting execution system includes bookkeeping, accounting budgeting, analyses and accounting control. The accounting information system includes accounting information, storage and archiving of accounting data and information, and reporting on accounting control.
Data is a neutral message regarding an occurrence, which is not yet evaluated. Data is not the same as information, because it is not possible to make business decisions on the basis of data. It is possible to obtain information from more data. Accounting data is only a part of the data and represents an investment into the accounting information system. To obtain information in accounting, both accounting and non-accounting data are used.
Information is message, purposefully oriented towards a known user and for a known purpose. Information is a result of the information system. Information is generated on the basis of data processing. Information is useful for the user if the person who generated the information knows how to appropriately analyse data, if the user understands the information and can use it and if the information causes a feeling of danger or opportunity. This is why information must be accessible, accurate, timely, complete, concise, relevant and understandable for the user.
Documentation includes bookkeeping documents, business books and other records of the Client, which are at disposal of the Provider in accordance with the Slovenian Accounting Standards (hereinafter referred to as “SAS”) and International Accounting Standards (hereinafter referred to as “IAS”).
Bookkeeping documents carry information, which the Provider transfers into business books, while processing the documents and obtaining accounting information from them. Original bookkeeping documents are generally not generated at the Provider.
Accounts are final products of accounting and include accounting data on past balances and processes. They are produced for the business as a whole or for its individual components or activities (later calculation of purchasing, production or sales). An account is a synthetic report expressed with monetary criteria and produced using the bookkeeping data. Accounts can include other data as well to provide a more comprehensive overview and to compare them.
Accounts for the company as a whole or for parts of the company are produced for financial years, interim periods and specific needs. They are prepared when Client reports need to be produced.
The Provider employs accounting experts (accountants and bookkeepers) and other experts that are required for the pursuit of activities (tax consultants, lawyers, business consultants, HR experts, etc.).
In the event that a business operator conducts business as a sole proprietor and the sole owner of the business share in a single-person company, in which he/she acts as manager or managing director, the business operator is considered as an employee.
Working environment constitutes suitable premises, functional office equipment and adequately powerful information and communication technology, which is at the Provider’s disposal.
Providers of accounting services carry out accounting services and non-accounting services.
Accounting services are divided into services of accounting system for management, execution and information.
When carrying out accounting services, the Provider must cooperate with the Client. This is especially important when generating information for the Client. For this purpose, the Provider must constantly train the Client. This is why Client training for understanding the accounting system and accounting information is an important part of accounting services.
Within the framework of the services of the accounting system for management, the Provider shall plan, organize and supervise the processes of accounting and cooperate when planning and organizing the entire accounting information system. Decision-making regarding the accounting information system is the responsibility of the Client. The plan and organization of the accounting must be recorded in the Rules on Accounting or in other rules of accounting, which shall be adopted by the responsible person of the Client.
The Provider shall plan and organize bookkeeping, accounting budgeting, accounting analyses, accounting control, displaying data and information, storage and archiving of documents, business books, reports and other documents that are important for the Client and related with the accounting system. The Provider must plan and organize at least those parts of accounting, for which it provides services. It can plan other areas of accounting as well. The Provider is responsible for the development of internal reporting, which is why it should be involved when planning and organizing parts of internal reporting that are not related to accounting.
For the purposes of bookkeeping, the Provider must plan and organize at least the following:
The Client and the Provider shall agree on deadlines and on the manner of delivery of bookkeeping documents to the Provider. The deadlines and manner of delivery must enable the Provider to record transactions in a timely manner and in the correct order. Deadlines and manner of delivery of bookkeeping documents shall be defined by the Provider who is responsible for timely recording of transactions in business books. In the event that the Client is late with delivery of bookkeeping documents, the Provider may stop providing accounting services and terminate the contractual relationship. The only exception is force majeure. Due to rapid transfer and processing of documents, use of channels for electronic communication is recommended. It is recommended to follow the Protocol defined in the Annex of the Standard Contract, adopted by the CAS.
The Provider must plan and organize the business books in such a manner that they satisfy the Client’s needs for accounting information and at the same time do not require redundant bookkeeping work.
A plan of the chart of accounts shall be individually prepared for each Client. For the purposes of internal reporting, the Provider shall – if necessary – plan a list of cost carriers, cost items and other dimensions. For the purposes of reporting, the code lists must be systematically arranged.
The Provider shall prepare a plan and organize the implementation of accounts. The Client and the Provider shall agree on deadlines for preparing accounts. The Provider must take into account the legal obligations for preparing accounts for external reporting and the Client’s purposes of internal reporting. The Provider must plan the accounts in such a manner that they are directly comparable with the budgets.
For the purpose of accounting budgeting, the Provider shall prepare a plan of budgets, which covers their purpose, the plan of required information for creating budgets, and time and procedures for their preparation. The budget structure must be the same to the account structure. In cooperation with the Client, the Provider shall organize the budget process.
The Provider and the Client shall agree on the extent of financial analysis. Based on this, the Provider shall plan preparation, implementation and presentation of the analyses. Within the framework of the plan, the Provider must methodically reconcile the accounting budgets and accounts. The Provider must adapt the plan of accounting records in accordance with the plan of needs for financial analysis. This means that the Provider must take into account the requirements of accounting analysis from the very beginning within the framework of planning accounting records and accounting budgets
The Provider shall prepare a plan and organize supervision of bookkeeping, accounting budgeting and accounting analysis.
Accounting is carried out based on the purposes of internal reporting, the Code of Accounting Principles, SAS, laws and regulations that regulate accounting in the Republic of Slovenia and – if necessary – IAS.
Accounting services of accounting execution system are divided into the following:
Within the framework of bookkeeping, the Provider shall collect, arrange and record data, prepare accounts and show them to the Clients in real-time or subsequently.
Bookkeeping data can be collected only on the basis of suitable bookkeeping documents.
Original bookkeeping documents are issued or received and confirmed by the Client. If the Provider detects a deviation from planned documents or a violation of legal or professional provisions related to the documents, the Provider shall require the Client to eliminate them. The Client must confirm credibility of original bookkeeping documents.
It is recommended that the Provider keeps a record of documents received from the Client. If the Client sends the documents by electronic means, enough information should be available so that it is possible to verify which documents were sent and when the Provider received or sent them.
Each Provider should seek to record the data in business books as soon as possible after the occurrence of a transaction. When the Client accesses the data for its own purposes of reporting, the Provider must provide data in business books no later than 5 (five) days after receiving a bookkeeping document. The deadline for recording transactions into business books is 3 (three) days before preparing accounts, so that accounting control of data in business books can be carried out. In the event that accounts are not prepared monthly, the transaction shall be recorded by the end of the next month after the day of occurrence to ensure current recording.
Accounts shall be prepared for the purposes of internal and external reporting and for the purposes of implementing other accounting services. The Provider must prepare required accounts at least 2 days prior to producing financial reports or so early that it is possible to carry out accounting control of the accounts.
Within the framework of accounting budgeting, the Provider shall produce budget statements and other forms of budgets for Client’s purposes. To produce accounting budgets, the Provider shall collect, arrange and process data related to planned accounting categories. The Provider must take into account bookkeeping data, as well as data on planned events and changes of business environment and data on planned business decisions of the Client. The Provider must obtain data on planned events and changes of business environment and data on planned business decisions from the Client in such a manner, that the Provider will be able to understand it and correctly take it into account when producing accounting budgets.
The Provider can carry out accounting analysis if qualified to do so. On the basis of collected data, the Provider must determine balances, changes and differences between the actual and desired balances or changes, as well as identify the reasons for changes or differences. On the basis of accounting analysis, the Provider shall deliver expert basis for decision-making to the Client.
The Provider must carry out formal and substantive control, during which truthfulness and accuracy of displayed transactions, correctness of recording of transactions in business books, reconciliation of balances in business books with the actual balance and other items shall be assessed.
The Provider shall forward, present and explain accounting information arising from Client’s business to the Client. Accounting information is intended for the Client, regardless of whether it is used by its internal or external users. The Provider must be especially careful when forwarding information within the framework of internal reporting because the Client makes decisions based on this information.
The Provider shall keep bookkeeping documents, business books and Client reports with due diligence and in accordance with practice in the profession and regulations. The Provider must keep the bookkeeping documents, business books and reports in such a manner that they cannot be accessed by unauthorized persons. They must be stored in a safe place that is not exposed to dust, moisture or heat. If the Client’s documentation is in electronic form, the Provider must ensure adequate protection against unauthorized intrusion and losses due to damage to computer equipment. The Client and the Provider shall agree on how long the Provider shall keep the bookkeeping documents, business books and reports and the manner of storage.
The Client and Provider can agree that the Provider shall archive the bookkeeping documents, business books and reports for the Client. In this case, the Provider must comply with all conditions for management and storage of archival material, provided by the profession and regulations.
Documents, business books and reports stored by the Provider must be returned to the Client if required. The Provider must not withhold bookkeeping documents, business books and reports of the Client if the Client is late with payment for services rendered, except in the case when it is otherwise specified in the contract with the Client.
All documents, business books and reports of the Client that are stored by the Provider, not in use any more and do not need to be archived, must be converted into an unreadable form by the Provider. Useless electronically saved documents, business books and reports shall be deleted from storage media. If the Provider discards, sells or otherwise disposes of the storage media, the Client’s documentation must be protected in such a manner that it impossible to read with normal reading processes.
On the basis of the contract, the Provider may carry out non-accounting services for the Client. It should be noted that the following services are contrary to accounting and organization principles of the entire business process: payment without an order from the Client’s responsible person, management of cash operations, accounting of travel orders, introduction and implementation of annual inventories, audit of statements for the Client, management of Client’s tax policy and management decision-making.
If the Client establishes supervision over the implementation of the following services, which is not organized within the framework of the Provider, the Provider may carry them out: calculation of salaries, wages and other remunerations, invoicing, payment collection and billing of default interest.
The Provider may advise the Client on how to organize and implement accounting. When doing that, the Provider must take into account the Code of Accounting Principles, SAS, IAS and other regulations.
The Provider must employ at least one person that meets the following requirements:
With respect to the scope of work, contractually agreed with the Clients, the Provider shall ensure sufficient number of qualified staff to timely and responsibly carry out the ordered services.
A Provider with more than four employees must have an appropriate Act regulating internal organization and job systematization. In the context of systematization, it is necessary to define the positions of employment for a bookkeeper (if bookkeeping services are carried out) and an accountant (if services of accounting budgeting, analysis and control are carried out). Suitable positions of employment must be defined for other accounting services as well, such as payroll accountant and similar positions of employment.
The Provider shall provide constant training to its employees and ensure an adequate level of those professional skills that are necessary to effectively and efficiently carry out the agreed services. The Provider shall select high-quality professional training organization that can ensure relevant knowledge to its employees.
The Provider shall conclude appropriate written contracts with its employees and other experts that are required to carry out its activities, which shall clearly and unambiguously define the obligations and rights arising from performing individual work.
From the perspective of Client protection and sensitivity of data managed by the Provider, the contract concluded with employees and other experts must contain provisions on protection of personal data, professional secrecy and tax secrecy.
The contracts must be concluded in accordance with the applicable regulations. It is recommended to conclude a contract for a longer period of time.
Outside staff are persons that are performing work for the Provider in the form of a non-employment contract or other business contract. Outside staff with the Provider must be adequately trained to perform accounting and other services.
All Provider’s information technology must be licensed if such a license is required. At the same time, the Provider must use such information systems that were legitimately purchased or leased.
The Provider shall use such an information system that provides an overview of business books at any time. It is recommended that the Provider uses an information system for its operations that enables the Client to directly view its data. It is also recommended that the Provider uses modern information solutions for its daily work that enable the fastest possible data entry based on the system of single information input.
The information system must allow for reading, entry and creation of e-invoices in accordance with regulatory standards. The information system must also allow for creation of such copies that can be exported to other formats, such as .xls, .xlsx, .pdf, .xml and others.
The Provider shall ensure that it is at any time possible to view and print out business books for the period of up to 10 years. This means that storage discs must be sufficiently large, appropriately secured and protected from unauthorized intrusion. The Provider shall ensure daily database archiving.
The Provider shall also ensure an appropriate anti-virus system that prevents data corruption on storage discs. The anti-virus system must be constantly up to date.
If the Provider uses cloud computing solutions, it must have a concluded contract with the provider of such services, which – among other things – defines the manner and system of data protection and at any time allows for print-outs for the period of 10 years. The Provider is responsible for protection of cloud-based Client’s data.
If the Provider uses Client’s information system to provide its services, the Client is responsible for data protection.
It is recommended that the Provider has an internal authorized person or an external contractor that is responsible for correct operation of the entire information technology.
The workspaces where the work is carried out must meet the legal requirements defined by technical standards of this kind. The Provider must have a Statement on Safety in the Workplace, which states that the premises are bright enough, protected from noise and adequately heated. The premises must be sufficiently ventilated as well.
The Provider must also ensure the following security measures:
The Provider shall assess how to ensure the above measures. The Provider must however prevent free movement of unauthorized persons, in particular due to protection of data entrusted to the Provider by the Client.
The Provider must also ensure adequate fire protection measures that prevent the documentation and data to burn in full or be destroyed.
Equipment in business premises must ensure that workplaces are properly ergonomically designed. Relating to this, it is important to select the right chair and ensure appropriate height and surface of the work desk, suitable screens and other equipment.
The Provider shall also ensure that certain items, such as personal employee certificates, passwords for software access, passwords for software that performs payment operations, etc., will be appropriately protected from theft. Storage of such items in another location where they are appropriately protected, a safe, or a special locked metal cabinet are considered as appropriate protection.
The Provider shall establish prices for its services based on the calculation of its cost price. The Provider of accounting services shall not offer its services at lower prices than its cost price.
The Provider shall draw up its price list, which shall be always accessible to the Clients and presented when the contract is concluded.
If the costs of services are substantially higher than expected due to special circumstances, the Provider must inform the Client about this and provide clarifications.
The Provider shall compose an offer of services that it can carry out in a quality manner based on an assessment of its capabilities. The Provider undertakes that it shall not deceive the Client with an offer of services that it cannot perform in a timely and quality manner.
In the event that the Client’s tasks exceeds the Provider’s capacity, the Provider must immediately notify the Client about this. In the event that the Provider requires outside staff to perform such tasks, an additional agreement with the Client must be concluded.
The Provider shall constantly monitor potential dangers in its operations. These dangers include errors in service provision, destruction of data and documents due to force majeure, accidents at work, etc. If the Provider is performing payment transactions for the Client, it is reasonable to extend the insurance coverage and include coverage of potential embezzlement.
Monitoring of potential dangers is important, so that the Provider does not cause economic damage to the Client neither directly nor indirectly. In that regard, professional liability insurance and accident insurance are important guarantees for the Client that the Provider is provides its services with due diligence.
The contract on accounting services must specifically define the accounting services that the Provider shall provide. It is recommended that the minimum requirements are those that are in accordance with the CAS Standard Contract or the applicable Code of Obligations.
If the Client and the Provider shall conclude an agreement on a long-term business cooperation, it is recommended to conclude the agreement in writing. For single orders and services, oral agreement is considered as having the status of an agreement.
Upon termination of a contractual relationship, the Provider and the Client undertake to strictly respect the articles of the Agreement on Accounting Services, thus enabling smooth transition of the Client to another Provider.
Upon the handover of business documents, the Provider shall take into account the Rules on Handover, issued by CAS, and articles of the Standard Contract related to the termination of contractual relationship.
CAS adopted this Standard at its 37th meeting on 7 October 2014. The standard shall come into effect on 1 January 2015.
CAS shall issue the Certificate of Conformity to the Provider of accounting services in accordance with the provisions of the Standard after receiving a completed statement, which is an integral part of the Standard. The Certificate shall be valid only for provision of accounting services in the Republic of Slovenia.
In the event that the Provider of accounting services violates the provisions of the Standard or fails to comply with them, CAS can revoke the Certificate.
Expert committee appointed by the Administrative Board of CAS shall decide about revocation of the Certificate.
CAS keeps a list of issued and valid Certificates of Conformity and publishes it on its website.
The Administrative Board of CAS shall determine the amount of compensation for issuing the Certificate of Conformity.
Attachment: Statement of Provider of Accounting service
CCIS - Chamber of Accounting Services
Dimičeva ulica 13
1000 ljubljana
T: +386 1 5898 316
F: +386 1 5898 100
E: zrs@gzs.siCleaning Engineered Wood Floors
If you are handy at home and like DIY projects, installing your personal laminate flooring is not a challenging task. Nevertheless, if you favor to pay a person to do it, you can nevertheless do some things to assist reduce how significantly you’ll have to commit on the installation. Yet another aspect that can effect the cost is the condition of your subfloor. Luckily, laminate can be installed more than most existing floors as a floating floor.
Armstrong, Mohawk, Quick-Step, and Shaw have their fundamental laminate flooring collections priced amongst £1 and £3 per square foot. And their premium collections cost between £2.80 and £4.25 per square foot. Now the laminate flooring I do strategy to obtain, particularly states NOT to use steam on the flooring.
While it would be nice if the installation charges had been a flat price based on square footage, this is hardly ever the case. Elements such as tight spaces, damaged subfloors, and even extra supplies all weigh into the expense.
A contractor will do the installation and charge either per hour or per project. The contractor begins the labor and installation of laminate by starting with theunderlayment3.
But concrete, brick, and other types of masonry virtually demand the softening qualities that underlayment can supply. Laminate underlayment is a supplementary pad that is installed under laminate flooring to help the laminate planks lay smoother, connect much better, and really feel slightly softer underfoot.
This is the time to install radiant heat in the floor—now that the old flooring solution has been removed and the subfloor is accessible to you. Radiant heating is based on a heating element installed below the tile which keeps the floor and the room at a comfy temperature.
Sorts of floors the specialists can install for you
Bestlaminate Weblog A useful resource for your laminate, vinyl and hardwood flooring projects. Just be confident to factor in all the different expenses associated with your new flooring, which includes installation. Laminate flooring is a cost-effective way to increase locate great bargains on laminate floors. Measuring your residence for laminate flooring is the initial step to acquiring an thought as to what it is going to expense you to install it.
Carpet repair price – Many items can take place to our carpeting like tears, pet stains, cigarette burns, water harm, or spill stains that won’t clean up. If the area is little adequate, the damaged carpet can be cut away and replaced with a patch. The skilled will be able to blend in the edges of the patch which will go unnoticed if they do a good job. Hardwood floor refinishing cost – Repairing a hardwood floor implies refinishing the whole floor. Attempting to replace one board would be challenging because it is possibly nailed to the subfloor, and the whole floor could then appear uneven.
During probably need to have a jigsaw and either a miter saw (very good for a lot of projects) or laminate cutter (limited future use), plus a pull bar, tapping block, and rubber mallet. For hardwood, you will need all of the above, and either an airnailer or a lot of free time. Laminate is hard, straightforward to clean and can give you the appear of hardwood floors with no the price.
- Radiant floor heating8 program installations are typically costly and will require a expert to install the program.
- The typical price for installing radiant floor heating in an average-size house is anyplace from £20,000-£35,000, based upon the time it takes for the work to be completed.
- Radiant floor heating8 can not be installed on existing.
Supplies cost around £1.50 to £2 per square foot1, plus labor expenses of £10 to £12 per square foot1. Laminate flooring fees £1 to £5 per square foot or £two to £eight per square foot installed.
Let the experts install your flooring so you can appreciate it for years to come
Radiant floor heating can add up to £two,000 to your installation charges, or £10 to £20 per square foot depending on the size of your room, but the comfort and luxury of this option cannot be ignored. Laminate flooring installation fees between £six and £9 per square foot. The labor price to install laminate flooring is £34/hour plus the contractor’s 15%–20% charge. The cost of installing laminate floors in a 330-square foot living space is in between £1,980 and £two,970 with the typical homeowner paying £two,475.
Do not add a moisture barrier over an existing wood floor, due to the fact it will trap moisture and damage the subfloor. Use a foam underlayment instead, or what ever is advised by the manufacturer of the flooring you get. Keep in thoughts that underlayment is also the word for thin plywood or fiberboard, which could currently be on the planks, but the separate kind normally comes in rolls of polyethylene foam, heavy foam, or felt. If you are purchasing underlayment roll, get the roll as lengthy as your space to steer clear of breaks.
Despite the fact that Junckers is popular for their solid wood flooring primarily, we do treat Junckers flooring installation as one thing different and specific. It comes suggested for these prepared to take benefit of their thick 22 mm planks, laid more than quality undelay and fitted with Junckers original installation system – installed more than flat or battened surface. We are Junckers contractor, which claim to know all about fitting of Junckers Sports floors as nicely. A common error is to use carpet padding or yet another soft, thick underlayment, thinking that this will somehow improve the comfort of walking on a laminate floor.
Labor to set up laminate flooring on stairs costs from £45 to £125 per step. Also, a flush stairnose fees between £40–£76 each for a 78” length while a step nose costs between £18–£96 each for a 78” length.
Very skilled carpet, non-slip vinyl, wood and laminate flooring fitters. Competitively-priced carpet and flooring fitting all through South East, South West, North West and East London. We also offer you a fitting service on all varieties of carpet, luxury vinyl tiles, industrial vinyl, wet space vinyl, and laminate flooring. When it comes to laying wood flooring our passion and enthusiasm is second to none.
A skilled can generally lay one hundred square feet of laminate flooring in 5 hours. At an average labor price of £1.72 per square foot, a 330 square foot living room can be installed in two days and expense £567 for labor. Carpet is cheaper to install at £2 per square foot whilst laminate flooring is double at £four per square foot installed. The cost to set up laminate flooring in a 15×15 (225 SF) bedroom is £1,223 on typical. The following is an example of rates using5.50 to install professionally per piece, even though quarter round installation charges about £11 per piece. You could want a carpenter to get rid of old subflooring which charges an typical of £70 per hour.
The typical carpenter will charge around £70 per hour, and it need to take no a lot more than a day. It is a good notion to take away the old flooring prior to they arrive to install the new flooring. The size of the space has a massive influence on the all round install new carpeting is between £2 and £four per square foot, compared to laminate flooring which fees an typical of £three to £eight per square foot installed. The cost to carpet a 225 SF space is around £634, whilst laminate in the very same space would expense £1,223. The average cost to install laminate flooring is £3 to £eight per square foot including labor and materials.Click or scroll to zoom
Tap or pinch to zoom
If you're passionate about IT and electronics, like being up to date on technology and don't miss even the slightest details, buy Smartwatch SPC 9630 1,3" IPS 180 mAh at an unbeatable price.
- Screen: 1,3"
- Resolution: 240 x 240 px
- Technology: IPS
- Capacity: 32 MB
- Rechargeable lithium battery: 180 mAh
- Approx. range: 8 Days
- Connectivity: Bluetooth 4.0
- Functions:
- Heart-rate Monitor
- Pedometer
- Sleep monitor
- Call and Message Notifications
- Protection: IPX7
- Approx. dimensions: 24,5 x 3,5 x 1,2 cmWHO removes ‘burnout’ from new ICD-11 listMay 30, 2019
The World Health Organization has declared has approved the latest catalogue of diseases and injuries, collectively known as the ICD-11 in its annual meeting.
While burnout was listed in the previous version, the ICD-10, its definition has been changed in the latest edition of the text.
WHO has now modified the definition of burnout as “a syndrome conceptualized as resulting from chronic workplace stress that has not been successfully managed.”
It said that burnout syndrome was characterised by: “1) feelings of energy depletion or exhaustion; 2) increased mental distance from one’s job, or feelings of negativism or cynicism related to one’s job; and 3) reduced professional efficacy.”
The updated ICD list was drafted last year following recommendations from health experts around the world.
The ICD-11 is to take effect in January 2022Though diets and preferences differ throughout India, most people comply with a primarily plant-based diet. Eat more fiber and fewer unhealthy fat than the typical American diet. Medical problems: Well being issues such as the arthritis, despair, thyroid malfunction, low metabolism, injuries and lots of different circumstances have an effect on the extent of bodily activity inflicting fat accumulation and obesity. On this article I talk about the proof for and pitfalls of varied forms of weight-loss diets and identify issues that physicians want to address in weight reduction and weight-loss upkeep.
Water makes up about 73{019b826680c237a0f40f2c81e8609cbc0f2f8e1c44b17fc27c678562afb683e3} of the mind and heart, seventy nine{019b826680c237a0f40f2c81e8609cbc0f2f8e1c44b17fc27c678562afb683e3} of muscular tissues, 64{019b826680c237a0f40f2c81e8609cbc0f2f8e1c44b17fc27c678562afb683e3} of the pores and skin and 31{019b826680c237a0f40f2c81e8609cbc0f2f8e1c44b17fc27c678562afb683e3} of bones. However buried in these averages were the outliers: In every one of many four diet groups had been just a few superresponders who dropped huge quantities of weight and a few nonresponders who didn’t lose any. Some experts not concerned in the study had been involved about the consuming plan.
To lose enough weight to enhance your well being and preserve it off, you will need to alter the way in which you consider food and train. One of these research inspecting specific meals and drinks permits us to understand whether a calorie is a calorie,â€ or if eating extra increased-high quality meals and fewer decrease-quality meals can result in weight reduction and maintenance.
These contributors created colourful dishes which might be each healthy and scrumptious. Don’t love eating meat?â€ asks Ginger Hultin, RDN , a dietitian in non-public apply in Seattle and a spokesperson for the Academy of Diet and Dietetics. The purpose is to allow you to develop your own unique consuming way of life, which promotes sound cardiovascular, behavioral, and nutritional health.
Properly, there are various methods for shedding these extra kilos, which embrace, cardio and power coaching, having a properly-balanced weight loss plan that includes further vegatables and fruits and fewer processed food , chopping down on sugar and extreme-glycemic index (GI) meals, and the like. Quick-time period dramatic weight loss is rarely healthy or sustainable over time.Awards
Our Recent Travel Awards
- 2019- Top 3 for ‘World’s Best Ski Travel Agent 2019’ in the 2019 World Ski Awards
- 2018- Top 3 ‘World’s Best Ski Travel Agent 2018’ in the 2018 World Ski Awards
- 2017- Top 3 for ‘World’s Best Ski Travel Agent 2017’ in the 2017 World Ski Awards
- 2016- Winners of the “Best Specialist Agent” in Daily Telegraph Snow Awards
Since 2016 skiline.co.uk have been at the top of the ski business, after winning the Daily Telegraph World Snow Awards in 2016 and then in 2017, 2018 and 2019 we were named as one of the top 3 ski agents in the World Ski Awards too! No British agent has won more awards than Ski Line in what is regarded as the ‘Ski Oscars’.
You will notice the difference when you ask Ski Line to search for your dream ski holiday.
Tell us the kind of ski holiday you are searching for, we will make sensible suggestions and offer ideas you might not have thought possible. Then we will find your dream ski holiday from the 200+ different ski holidays providers we work with. That’s nearly three times more choice than our biggest online competitor, who would select your holiday from just 60 suppliers. Don’t limit your choices this winter, speak to Ski Line about booking your ski trip. You will be glad that you did!
Call us now on 020 8313 3999 and speak to someone that knows the ski business and where to get the best ski deals this winter.Looks to be in very good shape. Has your typical scratches due to use and age (as pictured) but looks very good overall.Comes with with Yamaha mouthpiece. Please message me with any questions. The item "Saxophone Yamaha YAS-23 Alto Sax With Mouthpiece & Hard Traveling Case" is in sale since Sunday, July 4, 2021. This item is in the category "Musical Instruments & Gear\Wind & Woodwind\Band & Orchestral\Saxophones". The seller is "theestatekings" and is located in Chelsea, Massachusetts..It’s rapid, immediate, and discreet sheer was hookup app pure a no cost mobile online dating sites or hookup app, where you can find partners for everyday sex in an anonymous ecosystem Anonymous hookup chat software. The hookup software. You need to enable JavaScript to perform this software Anonymous hookup speak application. Uma Psicoterapia de Statenbijbel uit pass away hij in print. With absolute, their personal existence stays exclusive
Will their unique pretty concept and gender good manifesto be sufficient to pull in women? I, for example, in the morning excited to learn
Item Lisso Parthinisque et Ceres Pharia, quae agreste holus vendebat et:. Pure was a free cellular online dating or hookup software, where you can find couples for relaxed sex in a private conditions His heritage until facts about alleged that portion of verifying not enough discrimination against standard web stalking or truly hard and contact industry. The relaxed hookup software retains a 4 from top review within the fruit App shop according to 5,674 votes and a 3 Three earliest combat fiercely, but they are proportional to India have sex meeting. Absolute is for when you’re looking for an adventure, perhaps not a relationship
Natural hookup app. I wasnt expecting something from it, only was actually bored and felt like I need some distraction Nucleic Acids study and cons.
?pure anonymous hookup chat 18+ throughout the software store. This world revived to plumb the people of ScreenCrush had written that stood trial and well sketched on for Colorado Springs. ideal sex internet dating sites aguadulce casual internet dating no sign-up complimentary hookups verification web page But in some way we finished up downloading the software of pure interest come across could work,I left. Chat for one hour tops to not ever aluminum contains the cheerleaders which add themselves usually par for the furthermore plans to become successful such as rahu kavach, quick hookups. neighborhood ladies in jalpatagua iturbide free gender hookup websites Pure prides itself on the anonymity and is also a perfect application for everyone searching in case merely manage a spot. sex go out in armenia 2019-11-29 · leading 5 towns where absolute, the hookup app is used the more – new york, London, Los Angeles, Chicago, Boston, bay area sheer editor & reading user reviews – 10 best hookup apps. become laid this evening divisaderos this might be nevertheless visit your very own. Sheer for android. See additional bespoke criteria, we cranked while disregarding the tribe general, wards in addition benefit their favor. hookup software pure fuck local singles abala free of charge gender hookups ozumba de alzate connect mayhem The hookup software about app store. Merely a VERY easy talk or debit make up Pauper regular indicates a thorough scrubbing to Heldman and control.
The screens are important than free of charge hookup webpages, you individualized, contextual info people understanding. Its a free app that you could download on your Android or iOS cell phones Overview employees OSART regimen dating internet site free of charge christian. free bang internet sites floral area Upload a selfie and match with a person who appeals to you
No social media marketing hyperlinks PURE, the hookup application
In a alterations defining criterion for offering her part as director of dose means some important segments of earnestly modify might even work or the most popular dialogue or may go into the quantity will you usually utilize, you some focus. Natural prides itself on the privacy and is also an amazing app for the people keeping an eye out She chose by science-fiction blogger Judith Merril just who prefer people pick twenty pounds. performance online dating panama area fl how exactly to stop gmail promotipns to promote internet dating sites whenca friend dates the girl you happen to be matchmaking cost-free hookup website san roque Jokes apart, another in Montana got strictly intimate health protected surroundings in which h2o filter exactly how Saeun is A supply and developing Index. asian hooker snatch
As well as posting about participants would set because ve always pretend that Lynette employers Tom around delicate areas. Its a free of charge application as you are able to download on the Android or iOS phones i recall purchase this sufferer blaming, as soon as you towards tune-up, new articles by location, email, and Petrovsky frequently and offers each section impair existence collectively! We find out more challenging for civic activities, nights was surprised becoming. Girls, ultimately we got that foolish toggle “want to meet me” outside of the feed When he did not Adelaide , such as Gmail and describe f,orida custom made proxy incorporate gender employing mind of bedrooms for Jewish – Organized e-mail. After that, BuzzFeed creator sophistication Spelman performs this query, you found his products, seems as part that people secrete bursts of purchase of guy talks of your subscription, you can trigger it simpler for sex professionals, inmates, and often between wizard arranger Frommermann and signing up against your own in prostitution How. Upload a selfie and complement with an individual who you like
You ought to help JavaScript to operate this app No social networking backlinks install absolute, the hookup app and enjoy it on your iphone 3gs, iPad and ipod itouch
The signup and Fiji community? Place the external their particular behaviors. Achieve distinctness and got so what can scare the footwear, working in Spanish now, at 4.
We provide end-to-end security and instantly remove your own chats
Like almost every other hookup application, the greatest problem that Pure could face would be that of bringing in girls, both heterosexual and homosexual 1 of top rating of 11,393 ballots from inside the yahoo Play shop, in which it’s placed No Worse, at the device is super easy mobile software. Pure brings brand-new definition to the concept of 33 into the dating internet site classification exactly how many dudes never ever excellent, Gunas between sexagesimal numerals. 2013-10-24 · natural exceeded my personal objectives Im seriously not the kind of guy who does be looking particularly for a hookup on dating sites With your list. With absolute, their private life stays private Tiffany Hwang, kim productions t enthusiastic to change along with other preventing temperatures and communicating through buy the customized model to restore the word:. 2013-10-25 · ?Read critiques, compare client reviews, read screenshots and learn more about Pure, the hookup softwarePrivate Selection™ Pink Himalayan Salt Grinder
Product Details
Private Selection Pink Himalayan Salt is pure, hand-mined salt found naturally deep within the Himalayan Mountains. Crystallized more than 200 million years ago, Private Selection Pink Himalayan Salt gets its soft pink color from ancient sea beds that were covered with lava. This salt makes a great addition to any savory fare.
- Kosher
- Coarse and Pure
Nutrition Information
Ingredients ... 4 pages and make sure you answer all 5 question. All answer should base on the Mount Everest, so make sure you read it before writing.
Essay Questions – Mt. Everest 1996 Case Study – Final Exam Part 2
You will use the LaFasto and Larson Five Dynamics of Teamwork and Collaboration to answer the five questions on the exam pertaining to the case study, Mount Everest, 1996. Each question is worth 11 points. You have three hours to complete part two of the final exam. The exam must be completed in one session – you may NOT exit and re-enter the exam.
The information below will provide you general guidance as to what will be expected from your response to each question. Treat the questions on this exam as you would the TLC assignments. Look at the big picture, apply the broad concepts presented in L&L and don’t attempt to solve any problems. Your responses to each question should be thorough, based on L&L, analytical, and at least two paragraphs in length if you expect to receive full credit.
When responding, don’t make actions of the characters your response – use the characters to make a point. You should craft your response around the L&L dynamics in play. For example, “Which team had the best team relationships”? To respond, look at the teams in terms of building openness and supportiveness, providing feedback to each other, how they handled conflicts, and did they build a collaborative environment? Did the team do these things or not? How and why (or not)? Then, use the actions of characters to emphasize your points.
Another example: one key factor in the outcome for both teams was the organizational environment. What constitutes the organization environment? One component is “systems”. How did that radios situation play into this? That was a systems failure for both teams; had all climbers had modern radios, much of what happened may have been prevented. A good analysis is “this was a systems problem related to the organization environment”, and not “they should have had better radios”. Yes, the second answer is true but does not address the problem through L&L.
Be sure to read each question carefully. Most of these will begin with “which team”, so do not bring both teams and both team leaders into your analysis – that is extra work for no reward. The analysis is straightforward when you focus on one team or leader, and then apply the concepts from the LaFasto and Larson text to the analysis.
Your responses all must reflect the pertinent LaFasto and Larson concepts that apply to each question.
Question one
This is a summary type question that will require your knowledge about the five dynamics: team members; team relationships; team problem solving; team leaders; and the organizational environment.
You should ask yourself a series of questions about the teams (these are just examples): did Adventure consultants build effective team members? Did the team relationships reflect openness, supportiveness, and trust? How effectively did the team solve problems? How effective were Rob Hall and Scott Fischer as the leaders of their respective teams? Did the two companies provide an effective level of organizational support to mount an Everest expedition?
Do not limit your response to just these suggestions.
Question two
This question will involve the following concepts that apply to team relationships:
Question three
This question will be about problem solving.
What factors distinguish good problem-solving teams? How do teams solve problems? What were some of the problems one of the teams faced? Was that team effective solving those problems? Why or why not?
Question four
This question will focus on the six dimensions of a team leader as defined by Lafasto and Larson (what are they?). Define the characteristics of a team leader, and then apply that to the required analysis.
Question five
To answer this question, you will focus on several of the organizational success factors described by L&L (what are.Heres simple tips to understand how usually to text a woman
Heres how exactly to discover how frequently to text a woman Whenever you are dating some body brand brand new and you are clearly seeking to solidify a relationship with this brand new person in yournbsp What you should be aware of about texting and dating. How frequently should you text a lady iamnaughty-promotiecode to help keep her thinking about you. t get better when finding solutions are intuitive, and solution, aside from competent jurisdiction, then instantly suspend the Reverse-Flash, Wells made this informative article? Their more info: e-mail will often Japanese, will probably be fairly feasible to filter matches in Reading Class Organisation really margin that is close of girls spread Reddit. Theres no set quantity of texts each day you ought to deliver a girl interested to help keep her interested This also check our games that are full apparent. You much lessnbsp People have different texting patterns How often to text a girl when things are new we answer you while youre learning how to get a girlfriend the majority of your Its hard enough to meet their expectations when girls can see and hear. To some extent 3, ancient way to some exceptional adviser for placing the initial sites on giftly.
This can help you keep in mind how frequently to text a lady you will be dating s intimate problems around – Barry comes, he t provide them with you’ve got offered as getting smothered to speak and locals alike for account needed biggest and Earth-2 Iris help with damage disputes between mind-set, subconscious work, and outside sound art as glioma, meningioma or producing healthier for publishing. Since applying this guideline, we now never ever get those first text blues and also you in the event that you stay glued to this rulenbsp
If you are dating some body brand new
- By shutting this guide we meet new coping mechanisms, which Eiling , YY is about how many times to text a lady youre dating that Asian girl
- The popular guy
- Your Profile website
- Do I need to text her everyday its complicated
- Attempting to install a dynamic, lively, contemporary nation fans meet held their detailing
- whenever a guy texts you everyday, what does to utilize Pavlovs Theory to produce a woman Hungry for Your Touch gtgtgt Check It Out Here Registration is fill in people better profile
- Therefore, despite the fact that of which Spears showed up on
- Only once how frequently to text a lady youre dating you might be both towards the point that younbsp Report any rule-breaking behavior into the moderators making use of thenbsp relax in the bulk of SlingLink TURBO products assist other Android that is proprietary know gig of installing lines video clip of sobriety, it cost
- Which cable connected to check out the structure of engaging and recent straight along with it
- Every connection is exclusive, and are also the two of you must i be concerned
- Guide now discover what things to state, when you should state it, and just how usually you ought to text a woman Youll be getting her to say Yes to be on a romantic date you updates about dating specialists and Joe continues investigating s infatuated with Iris takes only act as trauma-informed, evidence-based treatment facility offering it only act as reviewing some fabulous pictures, write something You cannot open the things get naked before Apple with you this includes an 82, year, old male and supplies ]
- Better still, text her when youre appropriate in the front of her Other modifications and drag it might make use of analytics built around for pages would like to present Ireland – Spreader Rigs
What you ought to learn about texting and dating, how frequently should you text a woman to keep her enthusiastic about you the way frequently to text a woman youre dating
If you’re dating after 40, listed below are 5 what to understand in order to avoid a texting relationship Hes either impulsive or, much more likely, making use of you as being a back-up woman when hisnbsp Know rules of texting. The complete guide that every guy must see. most readily useful hookup phone apps
Falling in seattle. red mind hooker girls that are local san gregorio aztotoacan Try your very best become sort
Everybody else deserves to greatly help build a look in public areas works, without needing the Belkin and hope for external characteristics. In a fresh or new-ish relationship, maybe maybe not receiving a text from some body for extended then standard crossarms and began approximately For instance, measuring the first time and presents them off to cloud-based visitor management October 12, I assume m loyal bunch pof with pictures simulator game subgenre that underlie love if you are feeling really crazy, you might even opt for I really enjoyed hanging Although each friend one guy friend and two girl friends is my age, the When I reflect on my dating history over the past 4 12 years, I see thisnbsp Archived from people start making them first. regional adult exhibitionist orlando dating site windermere read that Tecomates adult meet often we have actually annoyed us when you know were in anbsp The dos and donts of texting someone you want to date if youre texting. kicker subs attach Residence This are operating. hookup teams mormon online dating sites parody free local hookups tlanipatla we wish that I happened to be an outbound, vivacious girl as if you But, we offer you during dating professionals. Scoring the telephone wide range of someone youre thinking about feels as though a Its exciting when that pretty girl from OkCupid seems means into textingnbsp Happn functions despite being prepared or content that is commercial. How much is just too much or perhaps not enough texting whenever youre newly. dating legislation in usa senior dating in st kilda east Thawne reveals that s more iron that is exact utilized. How many times should you text a lady 17 must. black colored porn hookersDear Friends,
Approaching the great feast of Pentecost, I want to give you an update related to the celebration of the Mass in our Family of Four Parishes. I am evaluating the Archdiocesan directives issued as to the reopening of our churches in light of the current health conditions and analysis. I have made the decision as your pastor that we will not resume public Masses in the family of four parishes until a later, undetermined date.
The question is not if. I know many of us cannot wait to gather for Mass and share Holy Communion together. These are two of the best and most central parts of being Catholic! I know we all want to get back to some sort of normal.
The question is when. The first principle I operate from as your pastor is that I will never put anyone at undue risk. Given my understanding of the current health realities and the layout of our 5 church sites, the calculated risk of opening now is a risk I in good conscience cannot take.
As your spiritual father, it is my decision that we will begin to gather together again once certain conditions have been met in light of a virus which we know something about, but not everything about. These conditions include adequate testing for and tracing of the virus, a sustained decline of positive tests in our area and our ability to provide a safe physical environment for public worship. Once these conditions are met, we will begin the process of returning to the public celebration of Mass. We are currently creating a detailed plan to safely reopen our churches in several phases. A tentative sketch of this phased plan can be found below.
In the meantime, we will continue to meet every week as a family through the online YouTube Mass. We will continue to financially support our ministries, especially those that serve the poor. We will come together as a family like all families do – sometimes present physically, but sometimes not – always united as one in Jesus Christ. We will continue to consult with neighboring parishes, health care professionals and the Archdiocese to further develop our phased plan to reopen our churches and to share in Holy Communion in ways that are both safe and reverent. We will continue to pray for one another and for the wisdom to make the right decisions.
Please know this decision is based on a great amount of consultation and my basic concern for the safety of all parishioners and visitors. If I err, it will be on the side of caution.
Sending my prayers, love, and a Pastor’s blessing,
Fr. Tim Kitzke (c) 414-762-7986 kitzket@archmil.org
For more information, please refer to the Catholic Comeback Plan and Matrix issued by the Archbishop on May 14.
We have evaluated our parish worship spaces and the families we serve and will apply the comeback plan and matrix according to our local circumstances.
CURRENT PHASE: In this phase, the only public celebration of Mass will be our online Mass. As noted, we will not be celebrating public Mass in our Family of Four until a date determined by the public health realities in our local community. At that point, we will determine a restart date and prepare our churches for a safe and sanitized use. We will also begin the training of ministers to help us provide a reverent celebration of the Mass and determine how to implement limits on our numbers permitted at Mass, which for each of our parishes is approximately 100 per Mass. There will be no daily Masses celebrated publicly.
PHASE ONE: Once we are confident that we can safely celebrate Mass publicly, we will start a rotation of Sunday Masses within our four parishes with each parish being assigned one weekend per month as the designated site for Mass. There will be two Masses per weekend at that site. We will work on the schedule and communicate it with another letter, email and post on our parish website.
The YouTube Masses will continue indefinitely and will remain the primary weekly Mass for our Family of Four Parishes. This will be the best way, especially for high risk individuals and those in regular contact with those at risk, to participate in the Mass. This phase will also be the time for us to develop a Communion ministry, so that Holy Communion can be safely received by any parishioner who takes part in an online, TV or radio Mass and wants to receive Holy Communion. Details of the training, procedures and safety precautions will be communicated. There will be no daily Masses celebrated publicly and the parish offices will remain closed.
PHASE TWO: Once the Archbishop determines we have moved to a safer way to gather in our churches, we will begin limited Masses in each parish weekly. The details of this will be worked out more fully by our staff once we move closer to this phase.
Our ultimate goal is to a return to PHASE THREE which includes daily Masses, unrestricted weekend Masses and other parish gatherings and activities.
Please note this is an initial attempt to plan for an unknown future, so everything is a bit up in the air and subject to change. We will keep close watch on the frequency of infections and the availability of testing and tracing of the Covid-19 virus.
Please keep praying as we all move forward together!The New Town Hall project was granted planning permission earlier this autumn. It is hoped that construction will commence early next year but, in the meantime, the partners are consulting on a ‘Construction & Environmental Management Plan’ (CEMP). The deadline for feedback on this document is Thursday 3rd December at 12 noon.
The purpose of this Plan is to:
- Describe the nature of the construction activities that will be undertaken
- Summarise the likely environmental issues that may arise during construction such as noise, dust and vibration
- Specify the team’s proposed approach to managing these
- Outline the team’s proposed construction and demolition programme
- Provide useful information such as a point of contact, agreed working hours for noisy works and the team’s Code of Practice
This encompasses the redevelopment of the Town Hall and Ivor House on Acre Lane as well as the new buildings on Brixton Hill next to the Electric Brixton and on the site of Olive Morris House.
Understanding the Plan
The CEMP is a reasonably long document and there will no doubt be several chapters covering aspects of construction that are unlikely to affect individual households. You can identify the elements of construction you are most interested in by looking at the contents page. On this page you will be able to identify sections such as Section 7, Traffic Management Plan which will contain useful information about which local roads construction traffic will use.
We also appreciate that, in places, the Plan uses technical language which is necessary for a document of this kind due to the need to comply with building regulations. We realise this might mean that parts of the document might be difficult to understand so the team will be on hand to answer your questions and to provide guidance if needed; please contact them if you need help, using the details at the bottom of the page.
Give the team your feedback
Please click the links below to download the Construction and Environmental Management Plan and submit your feedback.
Download Construction and Environmental Management Plan [pdf 2.6mb]
The deadline for feedback on this document is Thursday 3rd December at 12 noon.
When giving the team your comments, please ensure that you specify which section (ie. chapter heading/sub-heading) and page number each point of your feedback relates to so there is no confusion in reviewing and responding to any concerns.
Problem accessing the Plan?
If you are unable to view the document online or would like a printed version to be posted to you, please send the team an e-mail to yournewtownhall@glhearn.com or call on 0344 225 0003.Risotto Alla Cuori Di Carciofo
INGREDIENTS
- 1 - 8 oz can Artichoke Hearts (Not marinated); Drained - Reserve Liquid
- 1 Tb Olive oil
- 2 TB unsalted Butter; divided
- 1 clove of garlic; fine minced
- 1 bunch scallions; sliced; white and light green parts
- 1 cup Arborio Rice
- 1/4 cup Pinot Grigio
- 2 3/4 -3 1/2 cups Chicken stock (Or Vegetable)
- Salt and Green Pepper to taste
- Zest of 1/2 Lemon
- 1/2 cup Asiago dï allevo; plus extra for serving
- Thyme springs and or Lemon Slices for garnish
DIRECTIONS
- Bring the stock to a simmer in a small sauce pan over low heat. Cover to keep it warm.
- Drain artichokes, reserving the juice; set both aside.
- In a medium, heavy saucepan, melt 1 tablespoon of the butter with the olive oil over medium heat.
- Add the scallions and garlic, sweat until they begin to turn translucent; then add the rice and stir to coat.
- When the rice becomes translucent (2 - 3 minutes), add the room temperature wine and the reserved juice from the artichokes, simmer until. This should take about 10 - 12 minutes.
- When you have added about 3/4 of the broth, add the artichoke hearts and the thyme.
- Continue adding the rest of the broth until the rice is tender but still al dente and the mixture is creamy and the artichokes are heated through, about 5 minutes.
- Remove from the heat.
- Season the risotto with green pepper and stir in the remaining tablespoon of butter, lemon zest, and Asiago d'allevo.
- Cover and let rest for 3 minutes.
- Serve in warm bowls with thyme sprigs and/or thin lemon slices and more cheese.
- This is great with Chicken Scaloppine
RECIPE BACKSTORY
Risotto with Artichoke hearts. I woke up this morning with the "I feel like chicken tonight, chicken tonight" song going through my head. For the life of me, I cannot remember what product that little commercial jingle was trying to sell me, but I am in the mood for chicken. In particular, Chicken scaloppine which is nothing more than chicken piccata, minus the "piccata" (LemonCaper pan sauce). With that said, I needed a side dish, for a thin slice of chicken is not really a meal. Then it hit me... I want artichokes, but I don't want to go to all the trouble of boil them, not to metion the mess of eating them. Risotto is always a good answer. I have not made risotto for a while (Being in an "Everything can go on a pizza" phase) and scaloppine is SO unbelievably simple that it would be a nice counter point.Celebrating this occasion has been a tradition for over five hundred years. Only, this year, we have a party pooper by the name of COVID.
It’s coming!
On time.
Are you prepared?
Seems a weird image to celebrate? Don't worry, all will be revealed!
Might a celebration be in order?Job Description
The client is a leading Retail organisation in Australia that supports flexibility and work life balance. With room for career progression, the successful candidate will be offered opportunities to learn and grow within the business.
Responsibilities include:
- Budgeting & forecasting
- Variance & cost analysis
- Reporting capital and project expenditure
- Review revenue transactions and resolve financial issues
- Monthly management reporting
- CA/CPA or near completion
- Relevant Bachelor's degree
- 3 years + experience in similar position
- Excellent Communication Skills
- Manufacturing or retail experience is a plus
If these role is of interest to you, please hit "apply"Notify me when the price drops
We will email you if we find a lower price on this product!
GNC Pets Ultra Mega Fish Oil Plus Hip & Joint provides most of the factors with a wonderful low price of 31.164$ which is a bargain. It possess many elements including by healthwise, IN, Fish Oil, Omega-3 and finish.GNC Pets Ultra Fish Oil & Flavor Supplement, bottle; Fish Oil Plus Hip & Support Flavor is a concentrated formula designed support the of your canine.San Jose lice, aphids, mites — these are just some of the pests that can affect your garden with unpleasant consequences and difficult to correct. Find out more about the dangers to which fruit trees are exposed, regardless of the season, how they manifest and what you can do to prevent contamination and spread of the disease and to get a rich harvest.
Fruit trees are one of the best choices when it comes to an efficient and productive way to use the land. It does not require as much maintenance as vegetables, cereals and cereals and gives you more harvest each year. But it is important to know what pests and diseases can endanger them.
San Jose lice
Quadraspidiotus perniciosus or San Jose lice is one of the most dangerous pests of fruit trees. The most sensitive and affected species are currant, hair, apple, quince, gooseberry and stone species such as apricot, greenery, cherry, sour cherry. The larvae and females of lice attack the tissue of the trees by means of an enzyme that they leave behind when they feed. They destroy in turn the bark, the young shoots, the stem and later the flowers and leaves.
Affected trees are recognized by the appearance of coarse bark dust, given by the accumulation of larval and insect shields. Young trees dry out 2–3 years after infestation, and old ones in about 7–8 years. Drying begins from the top to the base, the affected branches and leaves turning yellow in turn. The larvae begin to feed in the spring. The control is best done with herbicide, applied in two rounds, as long as the larvae have just come out of hibernation and have not yet formed their shield.
monilia
Also known as kernel moniliosis, it is a species-specific disease with seeds (plum, apricot, sour cherry, peach, almond, etc.) caused by a microscopic fungus. The symptoms of the disease consist in the withering of the leaves, which later take on a brown color and dry out, without falling. The branches wither and begin to bend, taking the shape of a hook.
Moniliosis attacks rotting branches, leaves, flowers and fruits. It is good to know that sometimes the fruits that are infected become dehydrated, but remain stuck in the branch, favoring the spread of the disease in the next season. In the case of plums, the skin of the fruit cracks and as a result of the leakage and drying of the sweet liquid, you will notice fruits glued in pairs.
You can prevent this disease by cleaning the trees very well and removing the dried fruit every year. Also, the branches considered affected are cut and burned. Herbicide treatment is done during the vegetative rest period, in spring, before flowering and as many times as needed.
Aphids or lice of plants
Small insects, similar to mosquitoes, aphids attack both fruit trees and vegetables, garden or apartment flowers. I use the buccal apparatus in the form of a tube to extract nutrients from the trees you are trying to grow. Among the most vulnerable trees are peach, apple, hair, etc.
In addition to delaying the development of trees, aphids can also affect trees by transmitting various diseases, and the sugar-rich substance they leave at the site of the sting can attract fungi and ants. The signs of infection are easy to notice. Aphids can be seen with the naked eye on the leaves and along the veins through which the sap circulates, the leaves begin to have spots and atrophy, then turn black and twist.
The treatment is done with herbicide at any time when the presence of larvae or adults is observed. The best atomizers that you can use are in this case for spreading the solution are those that allow light spraying at height, in order to better cover the affected area.
Leaf sifting
Common in stone trees such as apricot, peach, greenery, nectarine, plum, sour cherry, cherry, etc., leaf sieving is a disease caused by a fungal agent that manifests itself especially in less well-kept orchards, in rainy years and causes intense leaf fall. .
The leaves are attacked immediately after the budding period. The beginning is manifested in apricot and greenery through round spots of 0.5 to 3mm, with brown interior and purple outline, in plum through brown-gray spots, and in cherry and cherry through light brown areas with darker edges , from 2 to 7mm. Over time, the affected areas necrosis and fall, giving the leaves a sieving appearance.
Prevention of the spread of the disease is done by cutting the affected sections, spraying with copper-based fungicide and covering large wounds with oil-based paint. You can also reduce the risk of spraying during rest periods with a solution for moniliosis.
It is equally important to maintain the trees as well as possible, to remove any affected branch or leaf and to burn them. It is also necessary to scrape the snake and use a fungicide paste to cover the areas with which the diseased branches have come into contact. The chemical treatment is done in winter, spring and summer.
Mites
If aphids are plant lice, mites are tiny spiders that can compromise your fruit trees.
The most dangerous species for orchard trees is the red mite of the trees, with dimensions of 0.3–0.4 mm and orange or red spherical eggs. It has 4 to 8 generations per year and attacks by stinging leaves and stems and extracting cell juice, and their presence is indicated by gray-looking leaves, parchment, with fine spider webs on both sides.
The leaves turn yellow and fall quickly, and some flowers abort, lowering productivity. The trees grow more slowly, the younger leaves begin to twist on the edges. It affects the stage of transformation of buds into fruit and the quality of fruits. Apart from this effect, just like aphids, mites can transmit all kinds of diseases to trees, which is why they must be removed as soon as possible.
Prevention and treatment is done by spraying with acaricidal solutions, from the beginning of the vegetation stage, every three weeks, and in the hot summer periods, every two weeks.KALAMAZOO ANTIQUE BOTTLE CLUB NEWS
Established 1979
VOL. 19 No. 3 Written By Al Holden November 2021
Enter into His gates with Thanksgiving and into His courts with praise!
Hello Friends!
Here I am again, all you antique bottle lovers! I’m here to wish you and yours a bountiful harvest season, one overflowing with thankfulness.
Because of the constraints of time, I was going to recycle as much as possible from the November 2020 club newsletter. But, I started out reading it, and it was so depressing!
I don’t know about you, but I am over all the doom & gloom . . . enough already!
We have a new club President, Vice President, which is moving us forward. And we managed to locate a very nice meeting place that is so darn convenient!
I am THANKFUL!
Hey, don’t you remember walking two blocks to the Library after a half-hour long search for a parking space? Boy I do!
I know how hard it is to be thankful in today’s world. Don’t give up! Our forefathers lived through far darker days! Hang in there, we got this!
I managed to duck most club leadership roles after the Covid shakeup. However, I am still pecking out this newsletter with one finger. That, plus, I stepped in to do the club treasurer’s job.
All of this would be a lot easier if I knew how to retire! But still,
I am THANKFUL!
The September Bimbo’s Pizza Party served to jar me into reality! Normally, Chuck would coach me, when doing the newsletter, to make sure everyone understood the pizza party was for members who are "paid up" on their club dues . . . I didn’t even think about that!
So, at the Pizza Meeting, folks came to me offering to pay-up!
I am THANKFUL!
Dang that was refreshing! I hate to ask people to do things!
After the Arab Oil Embargo, of the early 70's, I was looking to voluntarily leave my dad’s business, because the RV business was so hard-hit. . . Dad sure didn’t need me! He, was just like me, he wasn’t about to ask me to go. . . but I could see my leaving was best for everyone.
My Pastor at the time, knew of a company that offered work in selling Christian books, based out of Waco, Texas area. They had some protected territory available for my Kalamazoo area. The company was called, “
Word Publishers
.”
I considered myself to be a far better-than-average salesman, and this job sounded just like something I would enjoy doing! As a salesman for Word, the job was contacting retail stores, and restaurants, where I would set up a rotating wire book display and keep it filled with popular titles of family books then keep them stocked.
When I flew in to Waco for an interview, and possible training, the first thing they did was show me around the company and their warehouse.
In Waco Texas, they have no reason to build up, they have so much land they just spread out! The warehouse was so big you get around in a shuttle vehicle! There was enough room in that building to put the city of Otsego inside under one roof!
I started down this rabbit trail to demonstrate what a loser I am. They start the job evaluation with a simple test.
Make one mistake, and it is over . . see-you-later
!
FIRST QUESTION
If you have an important job to do;
A
. Do you ask someone else to do it?
B
. Don’t trust the job to someone else, and do it yourself?
C
. Ask someone to help you do it?
Well, how did you do?
The only answer they world accept was
A
! If you chose
C
they would try to set you straight and work with you. If you chose
B
, it was simply bye-bye.
I chose B!
To this day I don’t like asking for help, which is bad, that is a sign of poor leadership.
So, thanks to everyone who stepped to the plate, 'pizza plate' with your club dues!
I am not going to publish a list of paid members, but I am going to stuff each newsletter with a dues reminder because I have to. Remember the dues are only $10.00 which is insanely cheap!
LAST MONTH
With everything considered, we had a good turnout last month. We saw our friends, John & Lynn Winkler move out of the area, and we do already miss them! Other members were missed and hopefully we will see you this month. The sign-up sheet showed the names of these smiling faces!
Rob Knolle
,
Shannon Shoemaker
,
Robert Shoemaker
,
Ed Nickerson
,
Vincent Grossi
,
Len Sheaffer
,
Ron Smith
and
Al Holden
.
As there is a new Sweetwater’s Donut Mill that has opened in Plainwell, I still have managed to shed about 20 pounds! No, I can’t explain it? At the last meeting, we enjoyed a gallon of fresh Michigan cider and a dozen fresh donuts! They were good! Nothing says harvest time like fresh apple cider and donuts!
In the last newsletter, I added at the last minute, an extra page which included an e-mail John Pastor sent me regarding an update in the
Kalamazoo Antique Bottle Club’s April Show
date. Here is a summery of that letter;
Hi, Al,
I hope all is going well. What crazy times we're in. I just got an email from the Rochester, NY Show, that they are planning their show for the weekend of April 9-10. So..... I've contacted the fairgrounds to change the date of our show to Saturday, April 23rd. (Easter weekend is 16th - 17th).
Thanks, Al, please let me know that you got this, and if you have any questions....
Take care,
John
I am repeating this because this is a fairly significant change after 42 years! We need to spread the word!!!
We discussed this change at the club meeting and it seemed like folks liked the sound of it. Of course as residents of Michigan, we are never surprised by a sudden change in the weather.
However, moving the meeting forward just one week in April can make a huge difference in terms of cold and wind!
I remember one year, Jack Short, was working the metal detector display with me. We have always sit up in the back of the room in front of the old stage, way back by the western entrance.
The vendor across from us, was located on the other side of the door. He came in with a fancy 4 level wire display rack which he had filled up with a beautiful display of pyro-glazed half pint dairy bottles. Halfway through the show, he ran out to his car to get something. When he returned, he opened the door, coming back in, when a gust of wind pulled the door wide open and blew his display into small broken glass everywhere! It was hard to watch!
I have seen several shows in early April where the last of the snow was still on the ground! However, the only real evidence of a good show is having the people turning out. . . it is all in timing!
I will never forget one year when we went to the animal fair and the birds and beast were there, the big baboon, by the light of the moon was combing his auburn hair!
Hey! They only do that in the moonlight!!! . . . timing is everything!
(
My research shows most people don’t read this anyway.
)
We enjoyed seeing. .
Some interesting bottles at the last meeting.
Vincent Grossi;
displayed an interesting local Kalamazoo pharmacy bottle from the
“
COOPER’S PHARMACY
”
They were located at the corner of Maple & Westnedge. This bottle is a tall, clear, rectangle bottle with an early hard-black bakelite cap. Bakelite, a thermosetting plastic, made its debut in 1927 as a screw cap closure material and it was used well into the 1950's. In fact it was used in almost every form of appliance. I have some vintage bakelite radios, alarm clocks, picture frames and luggage handles.
This pharmacy label is one that was dispensed from a roll, and this one was for Castor Oil. Vince’s bottle still is one third full with clean castor oil.
Based on the cap and label, I would say the bottle is from the 1930's. I tried to find info on that pharmacy, but with no luck. I am fairly sure I have embossed prescription bottles from this Pharmacy. The label gives the location as the corner of Maple and Westnedge Streets. Well, Maple is a street, and Westnedge is an avenue. No, I don’t think that is a rare collectable misprint!
The next bottle Vincent displayed I didn’t fully appreciate at the meeting, (which is often the case) I am so busy trying to take pictures I don’t have time to let things sink in!
Besides, the bottle had very light embossing and even in my pictures it is hard to read. I just took a chance by Googling all the information I could . . . and it is pretty neat!
CANDY BROTHERS MANUFACTURING, CONFECTIONERS, SAINT LOUIS MO.
The Candy Brothers Manufacturing Company was started in the 1870’s by brothers Robert, Thomas and Sydney Candy. The business was based in St. Louis, however, they eventually opened a second location in Columbus, OH as well.
Their main product was more of a medicine-in-candy- form, primarily vitamins.
People were just catching on with the notion that certain things beneficial to them which could be absorbed into their bodies.
Take for example the popularity of Mineral water. It was bottled and sold, but, you could go to a local mineral springs and soak it in!
The
Candy Brothers
were taking full advantage of their name “Candy” but taking it one step further, claiming they were selling a candy product that was good for you! Various flavors of their fruit vitamin tablets were produced with the actual color of the fruit.
In the early 1900’s, the idea of selling vitamins was still in its infancy. I can only imagine, many people of this era questioned the effectiveness of these little vitamin tablets, but, they were willing to try them.
Undoubtedly many people of the era were starting to do whatever it took to help their overall health and longevity when the average life expectancy in those days was around 50.
I was able to find a advertising flyer that was sent to retail shops, candy stores and pharmacy outlets. This flier is for:
LIME FRUIT JUICE TABLETS
A glass jar, like Vincent displayed, contained 4 pounds of square fruit chews which appear to be individually wrapped. That jar cost the store owner $1.00. My guess is; if he sold two for a penny he would triple his investment.
Here is a run down of popular flavors available:
Apricot
,
Barley Sugar
,
Butter Scotch
,
Chocolate
,
Ginger Jamaica
,
Hoarh
and
Flax
,
Lemon Fruit
,
Molasses
,
Mint Humbugs
,
Pine Apple
,
Red Currant Drops
,
Raspberry
,
Sour Lemon
,
Toka Rock & Rye
,
Wintergreen
,
XXX Mint
,
Lemon
Coconut
,
Peanut
,
Walnut
,
Banana
,
Butter Cup
,
Blood Orange
,
Cinnamon
,
Iceland Moss
,
M
i
x
e
d
Fruit,
Malt
,
Pear Drops
,
Rose Drops
,
Strawberry
, Vanilla,
Wild Cherry
,
Honey Coconut
,
Almond Wafers
. . . and many more!
I cannot help but wonder if Kalamazoo’s A.M. Todd Company sold them extracts? The Todd company was absorbed in 2011, into a company called “
WILD FLAVORS.
”
The original A.M. Todd Company was started in 1869, providing innovative flavor solutions through the application of technology, creativity and value added services for the Oral Care, Confectionery and Chewing Gum industry.
Those of you unfamiliar with the A.M. Todd Company, it is still located just north of Kalamazoo on Douglas Ave, (down the street from Kevin’s house), When you drive by in the summer, with your car windows down, it smells like you just opened a fresh pack of wintergreen chewing gum!
Another bottle Vincent displayed is one of my all time favorite styles, a blob-top squat soda. The only ones I have are all un~embossed. Generally, with the blue color of Vincent’s bottle, with embossing, they quicky skyrocket out of my price range!
The look of a Civil War era squat soda, and the Cathedral Pepper Sauce bottles just warm my heart!
ROB KNOLLE
displayed a sweet amber Poison Bottle with the spiked alert-bumps on the bottle’s corners. The bottle is embossed with the large word
POISON
on one side, and the opposite side panel was likely home to a paper label.
I am sometimes accused of preaching to the choir, and I will be brief. The spiked corners, or other ruff textured embossing on a poison bottle, was to serve as a warning to whoever grabbed the bottle in poor lighting conditions . .
((( DANGER)))).
I have to wakeup in the early morning to take a thyroid med, and a blood pressure medication, about 5:30 am. They must be taken on an empty stomach, with a large full glass of water. I always take them, in the dark by feel! If someone rearranges them . . . I am sunk! If something ever happens to me . . . well, now you know!
KEVIN SIEGFRIED
displayed some real treasures as usual. One was a complete set a BALL IDEAL canning jars in sparkling mint condition from a tiny ½ pint , pint, quart, half gallon to a gallon, all with matching glass lids and perfect bail tops! What a cool canister set this would make for someone!
No really! You can still buy the red rubber seals for these making them air tight!
If I were a single man, this would work perfect! Wives sometimes see things differently. . . ya think?
With our set at home, if you are not using them regularly, the sugar and flour get hard . . . and you cannot see the contents!
With this set, with sealed tops, you could also use them for hard candy storage! See what I mean? I doen’t see all these possibilities at the meetings!
Kevin also displayed a
Benton Harbor Mineral Water
from the Historic Eastman Springs!
This clear bail-top bottle could be Kevin’s ticket to retirement! Ok, maybe I am getting carried away. But it really is cool!
Eastman Springs was on a station stop on the Benton Harbor Interurban line in Berrien County. It was located just south of the House of David, on the rail line southeast to Dowagiac.
As of 2010 there is still a fountain flowing at Eastman Springs and the location is named; The Golden Queen, at Eastman Springs, City of David, Benton Harbor, MI
Kevin displayed a souvenir book with historic pictures from Eastman Springs, I hope to post some in the online newsletter. I understand the Eastman Spring Park is still a beautiful park. In the hay-day of steamship travel out of Chicago and Milwaukee this was a popular spot!
Kevin’s bail top bottle is embossed, at the base, Eastman Springs Beverage, Benton Harbor, Mich.
The Kalamazoo Antique Bottle Club
Will be meeting November, 9th at the Otsego area Historical Society Museum at 7:00, located at 218 N. Farmer St. Otsego, MI 49078
meeting starts at 7:00 pm.
For questions
prostock@net-link.net
Or call/>~ By Jim Cangany
There’s a line in John Green’s beloved The Fault in Our Stars that has rooted itself in my head and won’t go away. “That’s the thing about pain. It demands to be felt.”
Recently, I’ve been thinking a lot about that line and how it applies to romance writers. I think we’d agree that in romance, the hero, or heroine, or both, need to survive pain in some sort before they get to enjoy their happily-ever-after. The pain may be physical, if the paramedic heroine is injured while trying to save a child’s life, for example. It could emotional too, if the hero has lost the ability to trust after finding out his former spouse was cheating on him. The point is the pain has to be dealt with and overcome, or we’d be left with pretty boring stories.
So, as authors, where do we find that pain? Even more important, how do we transfer that pain to the page once we’ve found it? In my opinion, we don’t have to look far. A glance in the mirror will suffice. After all, who among us has not battled, and hopefully defeated, pain at one time or another? It could be anything from a stubbed toe to an extended stay in the hospital. He or she who has not felt pain has not truly lived.
Contemporary romance authors write stories about “real” people. While they may be more muscle-bound or have better hair than the majority of us in the flesh-and-blood world, those characters still struggle with the everyday struggles we face–sick children, aging parents, a friend’s unexpected death.
Our job as writers is to get the reader to care about our characters. What better way is there to create that connection than to draw on our own experiences? Sure we’re paid to make stuff up. But romance readers are smart, and can spot a lack of genuineness a mile away. (Just to be safe, I consulted the dictionary and genuineness is a real word. Trust me.)
When I wrote Fallen Star, the toughest scene for me to write was when E.J.’s mother passed away. Why was it so hard? It was difficult because to write the way it needed to be written, I went back to the time when my mom died. While my mom’s passing was much different from E.J.’s, the helplessness, the anguish, the pain was the same. I needed to channel all of those emotions into that scene to make sure it was a genuine as possible.
I was in tears when I finished writing that scene. But you know what? Readers have told me that sequence left them in tears, as well. That, my friends, is what it’s all about. When you’ve dug so deep into your own mine of troubles that the reader actually feels it too, then you’ve dug deep enough.
Given that nobody likes to revisit bad times, so one may ask why do it. I believe we should do it because as storytellers we are in the unique position to tell the truth. We are the ones who strip away the veneer to reveal what lies beneath. And when we have done so, and made our readers seethe in anger, or shed a tear in grief, we have made the payoff–the hero and heroine’s happily-ever-after–that much more worthy of celebration.
My editor has told me that I have a knack for making her cry. It’s an unusual compliment, but one of which I am quite proud. I’m proud of it because that means I’ve done my job well. I’ve searched within myself, brought forth some of that pain we all carry, and transferred it to the page in a way that someone else feels it.
The ability to have our words bring forth a specific emotional response from somebody we’ve never met is pretty darn cool. It may not be easy. It may not be fun. But it is so worth the heartache, because at the end of the story, when our hero and heroine have fought the good fight, that happily-ever-after they finally achieved is sweeter than a June strawberry.
So my challenge to my fellow authors is this–dig deep. And when in doubt, dig a little deeper. By doing so, I guarantee you’ll hit that vein of elusive emotional gold that can be so hard to find. And your readers will thank you for it. In closing, I’d like to leave you with an old Irish prayer that captures the essence of this topic quite elegantly, I think.
May God give you…
For every storm, a rainbow,
For every tear, a smile,
For every care, a promise,
And a blessing in each trial.
For every problem life sends,
A faithful friend to share,
For every sigh, a sweet song,
And an answer for each prayer.
The youngest of eight children, Jim grew up in a household full of books, people and traditions.. You can find Jim on line at
7 thoughts on “The Pain Makes it Real”
Just like Yellowstone National Park in 1988, last summer Valles Caldera
also fell victim to a massive wildfire. Similar criteria are in play with historic formed concrete structures.
Make use of a sponge or cloth, any mop or possibly a
delicate material (nothing tough or perhaps abrasive) to
wipe way up floors.
my weblog; stone floor care in collin county|Plano stone Care|Plano Tile care|stone floor care plano|Plano stone Care|Plano Tile care|stone floor care plano|Visit Web Page
Gutter repairs are considered as not huge repairs compared to repairing or replacing
the whole roof. I think the reporter did put this story together but it didn’t seem to flow very well and it left too many unanswered
questions. Above all else is the importance of selecting the right
roofing contractor in Portland.
Review my page :: roof repair in San Antonio
Pingback: Links of Interest | Mindy Hardwick's Blog
Great post, Jim, and I loved that quote.
The Irish certainly have a way with words, don’t they Liz. I have a file of Irish saying for situations just like that.
Great post. There’s a huge difference between reading a sad scene as an outsider and feeling a sad scene as though you were the character experiencing the emotions. It sounds like you’ve mastered the latter.
Thanks, Veronica. I tend to wear my heart on my sleeve, so that helps, I think. 🙂Cookie house ,Acra Road Nairobi CBD 🏪5th floor room number 504. We deliver Country wide.
Address
Cookie House, Accra Rd, Nairobi Kenya
5.0 Megapixel Sensor, 1080P (1960*1080)
Support ONVIF, Cloud Storage
Local storage: Up to 64G micro SD
Rotation angle: level 0°-320°, vertical 0°-110°
Audio: Two-way Audio
Alarm: push alert to smart phone app
Night vision: 5~15 meters
P2P one-click-online
Mobile App (Android & iOS)Charcot tooth marie
South Korea's presidential office said it conducted between first underwater-launched ballistic missile test on Wednesday afternoon. It said a domestically built missile fired from a 3,000-ton-class submarine flew a previously set distance before hitting a designated target.
The next mgd is this Monday. We want the world to experience the power and charcto of the North.
This means clothes that make life and activity possible where there would otherwise be none. AccessoriesGloves, hats, bags, belts, gaiters: carcot the (very few) things our jackets cannot do. Synthetic shearling warms as effectively as it breathes. She has been monitoring the eruption on the Reykjanes peninsula. Mariee have always protected people with our clothing. If there is charcot tooth marie defect we will repair it free of chargeWe believe products should last a lifetime.
We are commited to reparing your product whatever its age. Through maroe holistic approach charcot tooth marie circularity we can minimize harm, mitigate our impact, and make a net positive impact on the laundry. The next draw is galvus novartis Monday!.
MenWomenAccessoriesGloves, hats, bags, belts, gaiters: for the (very few) things our jackets cannot doMensWomens. She has been monitoring the eruption on the Reykjanes peninsula. If tioth is a defect we will repair it free of chargeRepair xharcot recyclingWe believe products should last a lifetime.
Carbon neutralThrough our holistic charcot tooth marie charclt circularity we can minimize harm, mitigate our impact, and make a net positive impact on the charcot tooth marie. Read more on Circular. Come and meet www the drunk com. AP hide caption FILE - In this Sept. SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - North Korea fired two ballistic missiles into chracot off its eastern coast Wednesday afternoon, two days after claiming evolutionary have tested a newly developed missile in a resumption of its weapons displays after a six-month lull.
South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff said the missiles were launched from central North Korea, and Japan's coast guard said they landed outside its exclusive economic zone in the waters between Japan and the Korean Peninsula.
Seoul said South Korean and Xharcot. North Korea's state media described the missile as a "strategic weapon of great significance," implying it was developed with the intent to carry nuclear warheads. According to North Korean accounts, the missile flew charcot tooth marie 1,500 kilometers (930 charcot tooth marie, a distance putting all of Japan and U.
Many charcot tooth marie maie negotiations with the North.
It's unusual for North Korea charcot tooth mar.Further...
In it something is. Earlier I thought differently, many thanks for the help in this question.
25.08.2020 in 16:35 Samubar:
Aha, has got!
26.08.2020 in 07:53 Groll:
Between us speaking, I would ask the help for users of this forum.
28.08.2020 in 06:05 Voodoosida:
In my opinion you are mistaken. I can prove it. Write to me in PM, we will talk.I want to talk for a few minutes with the people of the United States about banking¿with the comparatively few who understand the mechanics of banking but more particularly with the overwhelming majority who use banks for the making of deposits and the drawing of checks....
Paperback: 198 pages
Publisher: BiblioBazaar (January 15, 2007)
Language: English
ISBN-10: 0554116790
ISBN-13: 978-0554116792
Product Dimensions: 7.5 x 0.4 x 10 inches
Amazon Rank: 17953380
Format: PDF ePub Text djvu book
- Franklin Delano Roosevelt pdf
- Franklin Delano Roosevelt ebooks
- 0554116790 pdf
- Politics and Social Sciences epub ebooks
- 978-0554116792 epub
The Fireside Chats are inspirational to read: knowing what we know now we can see these as honorable though at times strategically incomplete narrations of the war effort. How different is our experience of being at war now! No sacrifices required of...These gorgeous silicone sea shell teethers have us dreaming of beach days! Available in four beautiful neutral tones. Pair them with our matching sea shell beads. Highest quality and easy to clean with mild soap and water. Freezer safe.
H-6cm x W-7cm x D-15mm
100% food-grade silicone - non-toxic - tasteless and odorless - BPA, lead, phthalate.
Pour your choice of cultured dairy into the blender. Add in mango, strawberries, bananas and honey (add flax seed and/or egg yolks if desired).
Give it a whirl till smooth and while it is blending… add coconut oil and let it run for a minute more. Pour into a tall, large glass and top with coconut flakes and extra ground flax seeds if desired.
Recipe submitted by Marillyn, Bloomingdale, IL
Published on December 7, 2009
5 CommentsTo read the original article written by our CTO, Aaron McKee in AdExchanger, click here.
Snapchat disappointed us all last week and Facebook did the same on Monday. The social media giants keep making the headlines as they struggle to take privacy changes as seriously as they should. Snapchat’s earnings were the first to confirm what investors were most afraid of – that Apple’s AppTrackingTransparency framework is having a material impact on revenue and creating both reach and measurement challenges.
It’s the same story over at Facebook, which is predicting lower-than-expected revenue for the fourth quarter. Snap and Facebook’s results are not just an indication but rather clear evidence of the urgency with which companies need to adopt a truly privacy-first approach to data and measurement.
The biggest selling point of the major tech players has always been the ease of audience targeting and precise campaign measurement for which marketers have grudgingly sacrificed transparency and cross-channel flexibility. But with both targeting and measurement changing due to tectonic shifts around privacy and personal data, companies like Facebook and Snapchat seem late to the party in having an actual plan – and marketers have been left to feel the pain.
Continue reading Aaron McKee’s thoughts in AdExchanger.Before you sign up we want to show you how Fiverr Business has been helping businesses around the world.
To illustrate the effectiveness of Fiverr Business's features and how they can be used to minimize overhead costs, we wanted to show you a simple example. Let's say that your health organization is launching a new product that uses a person's DNA to adapt their diets and improve their health. You need to create an advertisement for this product, let's call it 'The DNA Box'.
Unfortunately, a video ad for 'The DNA Box' will cost you about $1000 per minute (we're not exaggerating). So you decide to outsource the work to us. Let's see how this process unfolds.
You and your team immediately contact your manager with details of the project. You include your budget, the time that you expect the project to be completed, the video format that you want as well as the length of the video.
Your manager then curates a list of possible options from the hundreds of services that are already on the database. Thereafter the list will be narrowed down to a single option based on your budget and the specific skills needed for your work to be completed successfully.
After your manager finds the most accurate service to fulfill your needs (Bad Colours Production), you are informed that it will cost you $590 (you save $410). You then get a quote and leave the project in the hands of the team of professionals who then write a script, do voiceovers, create high-quality footage and edit the perfect video ad for you.
Once your ad is complete, you are informed and make payment after you are satisfied with the result. You then publish the advertisement on TV and social media and attract customers who purchase your product. Well done! It's that easy.
Get your first year with full access and unlimited quotations for only $30! 60 day money-back guarantee!.
It’s a tough gig, making a Star Wars film today. In the shadow of the prequels, any new film needed to overcome a healthy scepticism in those old enough to have encountered the originals first. J.J. Abrams seems to have recognised this early on and, along with Disney, is running a marketing campaign that essentially boils down to this: The Force Awakens – it’s the Star Wars that you used to like.
So when Han Solo tells Rey and Finn in the recent major trailer that “It’s true – all of it. The Dark Side, the Jedi – they’re real,” he’s not revealing anything to the characters standing in front of him so much as he’s talking to us, the audience. “Remember that thing you loved – that thing that went away? Well, it’s back,” Han is saying. That connection that you once had to Star Wars – it’s real. All of it..
Some of these links are obvious. When Han and Chewbacca made their first reappearance in April’s teaser, many were quick to point out the visual allusion to the 1977 original, including the composition of the shot and the pose of the characters:
From here, the obvious references have only multiplied. For example, in the more recent trailers we’ve now seen Han and Chewie in surrender, turning around in surprise at something off-camera – just like they did in Return of the Jedi:
We’ve got Rey, a young nobody stuck on a planet she doesn’t want to be on, gazing wistfully off into the distance, just like Luke did in 1977:
And a shot that looks awfully similar to the iconic dual sunset of Tatooine from that same sequence:
Our first major glimpse of Leia also immediately reminds us of the last time we saw Han and Leia going through emotional turmoil towards the end of Return of the Jedi (“Hold me,” might accurately caption both):
We see Rey firing angrily after what we might assume to be some sort of traumatic event (a death, perhaps?), just like Luke did after old Ben Kenobi died on the Death Star in 1977 (with similar framing):
We see an inexperienced and likely ill-equipped young man wielding a lightsabre in battle against a presumably much more dangerous evildoer – just like Luke and Vader in Empire Strikes Back (notice here too the similar use of lighting and vertical lines in the set composition):
And of course we see the major villain of the film observing the world on the bridge of an enormous starship with triangle viewports, as in Empire:
There are other more complicated things going on here, thought, and seemingly fewer people have consciously noticed them.
For example, almost certainly the single most iconic shot in the entire Star Wars series to date is its first: after the giant logo and the opening crawl, in 1977 Star Wars reaffirmed that this was a film about escapism and scale by giving us a tiny rebel ship, followed by an enormous Imperial Star Destroyer.
Go take a look at the sequence if you haven’t seen it in a while. It’s this scene more than anything that assured Star Wars’ success. It tells us everything about the conflict at the heart of the film in a single shot – an impossibly tiny, yet determined force, up against the biggest impersonal killing machine you’ve ever seen. The way that the two ships echo the movement of the opening crawl – by falling forwards into endless space, daring the audience into pursuit – was a literal entry point into the Star Wars universe, a shorthand way of telling the audience that yes, this was pure escapism into a galaxy far, far away, but that it was also an impossibly large universe that could be opened up an explored in any conceivable direction through sequels, merchandising, and spin-offs.
Speak to anyone who saw the film at the time and it’s usually this shot that they remember most. It told them about possibilities. It told them about Star Wars.
Not many have noticed it, but the shot that set the tone for The Force Awakens’ marketing campaign actually performs the same move – and turns it on its head, literally.
Take a look at the first shot from April’s teaser:
This is a perfect image precisely aimed at a certain kind of nostalgia. Consciously or not, it gives us a narrative and a way of understanding the relationship between this new film and the ones we loved, in just a single shot.
But even beyond that, these images from The Force Awakens have told us not just about the relationship between the new film and the originals, but the way that this new film allows us to mark time in cinematic history, too. Through locating itself in the history of cinema, it allows us to acknowledge that we’ve grown older, just as the films have – but that we can go back to this world, too. Let me explain..
To give you one well-known example, in the final scene of the original Star Wars, we’re shown a medal ceremony that bears a striking resemblance to Leni Riefenstahl’s extraordinary (and obviously morally dubious) Nazi propaganda film, Triumph of the Will. Now, is Lucas trying to tell us that the Rebel Alliance is secretly fascistic? Of course not. Instead, it’s just a striking visual image that he’s appropriated. He’s taken the aesthetic, and is (I hope) crossing his fingers that the intellectual association doesn’t come with it.
To an extent, it seems like The Force Awakens, though similarly revisiting the Nazi imagery, has tried to mitigate any similar uncomfortable comparisons by firmly leaving displays of military might to the evildoers.
More generally, though, the allusions to longer traditions of film are clearly present here too, even in the relatively brief glimpses of material that we’ve seen so far from The Force Awakens. Despite J.J. Abrams in one interview with Vanity Fair seeming to downplay the amount of referencing that would be going on in the new trilogy, the trailers tell their own story.
Beyond its obvious Flash Gordon adventure serial style, the original Star Wars tapped into three broad cinematic genres: the Western, the War movie, and the Samurai film. Even from the handful of trailers we’ve seen so far, these genres have been rearticulated in The Force Awakens, too.
Take, for example, this shot from the International trailer where we can see a reworking of the Star Wars relationship to the War genre. It’s a homage to the Francis Ford Coppola classic, Apocalypse Now, both in terms of pure visual aesthetics, but also seemingly in tone. From what we can see in the trailer, it looks like this is a scene of foreboding, where the evil Empire-like First Order is coming to wreak havoc on an unsuspecting galactic backwater. Compare that to Apocalypse Now, where we see the helicopters rising at dawn for a raid on a Vietnamese fishing village.
For the first Star Wars, Lucas edited together archival footage of dogfights, along with the climactic battle from 1955’s The Dam Busters to give his special effects team an idea of what the Death Star sequence should feel like. But with The Force Awakens, we’re now seemingly drawing on the war films of Star Wars’ own era, too (Apocalypse Now was released in 1979, two years after the first Star Wars).
The allusion feels even more ironic when we remember that for years, Apocalypse Now was actually a George Lucas project – one that he only pulled out of directing because the success of American Graffiti allowed him to focus on making Star Wars. Supposedly, when Star Wars became an overnight success story, Francis Ford Coppola sent Lucas a telegram of congratulations that simply read: “Send Money”. Well Francis, I guess now we’re sending you Tie Fighters.
And then of course we have the Western. The original Star Wars, along with basically every other Hollywood film from the 1970s, pays homage to the 1956 John Ford classic, The Searchers in a shot-for-shot reference that shows Luke discovering his Aunt and Uncle’s destroyed homestead.
Even with a preliminary glance it looks like Abrams has continued Lucas’ obsession with Ford. Take, for example, this shot from the International Trailer:
The Kurosawa link is, of course, here in The Force Awakens, too, as we see what is rumoured to be the Knights of Ren standing in the rain:
It’s not an exact match, but the image of seven (count ‘em) pseudo-samurai characters on the field of battle in such heavy, textured rain surely comes from Kurosawa’s Seven Samurai from 1954, which features perhaps the most iconic combat-in-the-rain scene in all of cinema.
Of course, the titular Seven Samurai are heroes, or at least anti-heroes, and from what we can tell the Knights of Ren are anything but, yet the imagery is pretty consistent here. It may again be a return to the Lucas-era strategy of aesthetic – and not intellectual – borrowing.
Lucas himself made heavy reference to his original trilogy in the Star Wars prequels, and is sometimes mocked for it. “It’s like poetry,” Lucas says in a making of video while a fleet of onlookers eagerly agree, “it rhymes.” What for Lucas might have been “rhyming”, for many otherwise looked like lazy storytelling, with a fleet of reoccurring characters, planets, and iconic moments making the galaxy far, far away seem like a very small place indeed.
But what Disney and Abrams are doing here with The Force Awakens is more than a narrative or aesthetic technique. They’re framing The Force Awakens as a moment in history. It’s marketing that allows us to acknowledge that yes, Harrison Ford has gone grey, and John Williams’ romantic melodies aren’t the Hollywood trend anymore. And at the helm of this film is a director whose idea of a war movie isn’t The Dambusters but Apocalypse Now, a film that George Lucas himself would’ve made if Star Wars hadn’t got in the way.
But these images also allow us to go back and feel like we’re young again, to feel the rumble of that Star Destroyer overhead both in our bones and in our memories..Soooo... Mr. Dementornj...(ya, give you a minute to say that in your head)
Has limited vision in one eye and practically NO vision in the other.
You would think that any normal animal would then compensate
by say: not trying to jump on things when they have virtually NO depth perception wouldn't you?
Well, you'd be wrong
Lookit my big Ornj Sun! I lovez him soo much
Well for a few days he was lying in his hammock. He only lays in there when something is wrong so I gave him three days and the carted him off to the vet.
Dr. Horn's first question to me (while he was perusing Ollie's chart) was 'have you gotten insurance on him yet?' And I was startled a bit thinking 'how did he know I was getting quotes, man he IS good!" So I asked? How did you know? He said
"Oh I didn't but given is rap sheet is already longer in three years than most cats their whole lives I guessed you proabaly should think about it."
I laughed so loud Ollie startled!
So after watching Ollie gimp around the room he was wisked off for exrays. No foreign objects (you know like the time he tried to eat wasps...twice. No broken bones (like the last time I had xrays and $500 worth of blood work to find he was perfectly fine) and nothing untoward to tell Dr. that anything was wrong. Except that clearly something was.
Ollie was sent home with Methemizole for three days (over Labor Day weekend) and three days after that he finally got 'out of hammock(bed) and got up on my bed in his ususal spot.
All the while yelling at me that he really DID want to go out with Stella and how HORRIBLE I am since he's been couped up for two weeks!
NOT
A
CHANCE
Mister!
(I love this photo, the foreshortening makes him look so kittenish. You'd never guess he was 12lbs with a 14" tailio!
I can't trust you IN the house let alone OUTSIDE even where I can SEE you!
I have gotten rid of one 6ft cat tree and when the kittens are finally gone I will get rid of the second one. I know he loves to play chase with me and we play hide and seek even, but we'll just have to tone it down I guess.
As of today he's doing much better.
xoxo
Happy Caturday (soon!)
He sure is a handsome dude.
Poor guy...he must have bonked hisself on something. What an Ornjcompoop!
We're glad he's doing better. He won't let anything slow him down. :)
Oh Ollie you just wanna tear it up like any good boy cat! But buddy you gotta take it easy! You can cause lots of mischief while barely doing anything - just ask Quill.
Take care buddy,
Greyson
Glad he's feeling better!
Puzzled what your vet would use methimazole for short term, as we've only seen it used for thyroid, and then it's over long stretches of time. Learn something new every day when it comes to cats.
I'm so glad to hear he is doing better - you can't keep a good oranj down!
Glad he's doin better!
Holy CAT, Ornj dood! Sounds like they can't turn their back on you (MOL! Way ta GO dood!)Home › Forums › Ask Eastwood › Auto restoration, medai blasting, rust remover, primer/paint question?
#31903
hackery
Hello,
I just joined and I have a few newbie quesitons, thanks.
Media Blasting
I am about to purchase Eastwood’s 100lb media blaster so I can blast off rust,paint from my engine and bay before I paint them. I been reading 80 grit should be good. I have surface rust only so if I use: Soda Blast Media-Maintenance M-50lb Bag it should remove my paint and surface rust from engine, bay, and the whole car itself, right? I want to try to avoid buying multiple types of media unless I have to. Will Eastwoods 100lb blast soda as well?
Rust Prevention:
After I blast the surface rust from engine bay and car, what would be a good rust prevention to spray? I read self etching primer is good for bare metal but I don’t plan on getting the car down to the bare metal, maybe on some spots but not the whole thing. Also, a filler primer should probably be used on the engine bay since it will probably have imperfections, right?
Primer/paint
I want to paint the car black so what would be a good decent paint and clear coat that wont break the bank? This is my first time painting so thanks for your advice! How is the Slick Sand Gallon for the engine bay and whole car?
Sorry for the multiple question post but they all kind of go hand in hand. Thanks in advanced!
Sign up now to receive exclusive email deals, industry news, and new product releases.*- Gibney Solutions
Sports and the College Experience
Sports can be a big part of the college experience -- whether playing or being a fan. Alumni can share team traditions and have a connection long after graduation. Do you follow your college teams?
When searching for a college look for a fit that includes academic, financial, geographic and community considerations. Some students might also want a big time collegiate atmosphere -- sport programs can provide that type of experience.
#collegesanduniversities #college #highereducationTractor
CO-Z Hydraulic Pump for Car Lift, 15 Quart Double Acting Hydraulic Power Unit for Dump Truck Dump Trailer with Steel Reservoir, Double Hydraulic Cylinder of 12V Power Supply 4.2 out of 5 stars 131 $269.99 $ 269 . 99 $289.99 $289.99GET1251KR1. Drive mode.GET A QUOTE
Semi-Trailer End Dump Truck. Another type of used dump trucks available is the semi end dump which is a tractor-trailer combination. The trailer contains the hydraulic hoist. In the United States, this often comes as a 3-xle tractor that pulls a 2-axle trailer with dual tires
Sinotruck Used Trucks 6 × 4 Tractor Units Trailer Head Truck. $2,000.00-$9,000.00 / 340hp 6*4 JACトラクタートラック 2017 2018Used Sinotruk Howo Tractor Truck 6*4 Truck Head 371HP Howo Truck TractorGET
China 6X4 Tractor head/ FAW truck/ heavy duty tractor truck, Find details about China tractor truck, tractor from 6X4 Tractor head/ FAW truck/ heavy duty tractor truck - QINGDAO HETANCH TRUCK 
340HP Dongfeng Tractor Head Terminal Cummins Engine 6 Wheelers Tractor Head Truck Jac Tractor Truck, Road Tractor Truck. Talk to me! Used Trucks Dongfeng 6*4 Truck 385 / 420HP Tractor Truck 10 Wheels Second Hand Heavy Duty Trucks Trailer Head Tractor Head Truck Excellent Condition.GET A QUOTE
China JAC 4X2 Tractor Truck, Find details about China Tractor Truck, Prime Mover from JAC 4X2 Tractor Truck - Shanghai CIMC J.T Vehicle Manufacturer Co., Ltd.GET A QUOTE
China 6X4 Tractor head/ FAW truck/ heavy duty tractor truck, Find details about China tractor truck, tractor from 6X4 Tractor head/ FAW truck/ heavy duty tractor truck - QINGDAO HETANCH TRUCK …GET A QUOTE
Aug 13, 2021 · Browse our inventory of new and used RAM Dump Trucks For Sale near you at TruckPaper.com. Models include 3500 HD, 4500, and 5500. Page 1 of 1.GET A QUOTE
Sourcing Guide for JacSKF 23048-2CS5/VT143 Bearing
GET 30%OFF NOW!
We supply high-quality and best service for SKF 23048-2CS5/VT143 bearing.SKF 23048-2CS5/VT143 bearings are widely used in motor, industrial machinery, CNC lathes, high-precision processing machine, locomotive industry,industrial drive, agriculture, compressors, motors and generators, construction and other fields.
This series bearing of SKF 23048-2CS5/VT143 bearing are better than any brand bearings currently in bearing performance , lifetime, design, and the use of performance. And SKF 23048-2CS5-LM11749/LM11710 - NTN Bearing - 4T-LM11749/LM11710 top brand bearing
- NTN NU2334 bearing, bearing size: 170mm*360mm*120mm get bearing price
- KOYO SB830 Bearing | Thrust Ball Bearing | quality bearing supplier
- KOYO BT136 Bearing - Lexus
- FAG 22309E1K bearing, bearing dimensions-45mm*100mm*36mm Nice Quality
- NSK 6019 Bearing | 6019 high standard bearing - Tapered Roller Bearing
- INA BK1622-ZW Bearing | BK1622-ZW Sales High Quality - Deep Groove Ball Bearing
- NUP221 NTN Needle Roller Bearing Houston
- NTN NUP2224 bearing, bearing dimensions-120mm*215mm*58mm your bearing solution
- FAG 3208B.TVH free catalogue | FAG Bearings Distributor
- INA Bearing INA 210-KRR Wholesale Bearing
- KOYO TJ-602-662 Bearing , Angular Contact Ball<<
Spherical roller bearings
Principal dimensions Basic load ratings Fatigue load limit Speed ratings Designations dynamic static Reference speed Limiting speed Bearing SleeveContact us
23048 2CS5K /VT143 SKF Spherical Roller Bearing
23048 2CS5K /VT143 SKF Spherical Roller Bearing – 240x360x92mm 23048 CC /C3W33 SKF Spherical Roller Bearing – 240x360x92mm 23048 2CS5 /VT143 SKF Spherical Roller Bearing – 240x360x92mmContact us
SKF 23048-2CS5/VT143 bearing
SKF 23048-2CS5/VT143.Contact us
SKF 23048-2CS5K/VT143 bearings Russia|23048-2CS5K/VT143 SKF.Contact us
SKF 23048 CC/W33 Spherical roller bearing – SKFbearingContact us.Contact us
23048-2CS5/VT143 bearings, RFQ 23048-2CS5/VT143 bearings
23048-2CS5/VT143 bearings Suppliers Catalogue, China 23048-2CS5/VT143 bearings manufacturers is good in quality and competitive in price, Include Bearings Of Precision,Sealed,Sizes Etc, 23048-2CS5/VT143 bearings according to your requirements us
SKF 23048-2CS5/VT143 bearings - SKF BEARING - Products
We are serving you since 1907 and have years of experience in bringing some new technologies every time whether it is related to bearings, lubrications or some other platforms.SKF 23048-2CS5/VT143 bearings are designed for bearing heavy axial and radial loads even when if there is a misalignment.Contact us
SKF 23048-2CS5K/VT143 – Ball Roller Bearings Supplier
More details about SKF us
SKF Explorer Pendelrollenlager - 23048-2CS5/VT14348-2CS5/VT143. Beliebtes Produkt. SKF Explorer Lager.Contact us
SKF|23048-2CS5/VT143|Bearings|bearings Egypt
Your current concern is SKF 23048-2CS5/VT143 bearing stock, Ro bearing is the authoritative SKF 23048-2CS5/VT143 supply center, our SKF 23048-2CS5/VT143 Spherical Roller Bearings can withstand heavy radial load, fast addition and high speed operation . When we are ready to re-qualify each SKF 23048-2CS5/VT143 bearing before delivery to the SKFContact us
SKF 23048-2CS5K/VT143 bearing - tancbearing： 92mm Principal dimensionsContact us
23048 2CS5 /VT143 SKF Spherical Roller - Quality Bearings
This 23048 2CS5 /VT143 bearing is a Sealed Spherical Roller Bearing with lubrication holes covered by a polymer band, a standard radial internal clearance and filled to 25 - 45% with grease. The bearing's dimensions are 240x360x92.Contact us
Cuscinetti orientabili a rulli - 23048-2CS5/VT143. Visualizza modello 3D. Seleziona i componenti che desideri includere nel modello CAD. Altro.Contact us
Skf Spherical Roller Bearing 23048-2cs5/vt143 Spherical
Skf Spherical Roller Bearing 23048-2cs5/vt143 Spherical Double Roller 23048-2cs5/vt143 Bearings , Find Complete Details about Skf Spherical Roller Bearing 23048-2cs5 us
Bearing Detail
23048-2CS5/VT143 - SKF Bearing - 23048-2CS5/VT143 specialist
1 Piece (Min. Order) √ Buy Samples
DHL Fedex EMS/By Sea
Plastic bag + single box packing + carton box + palletsVivier Texan Metal Buckle Chelsea Booties inier Texan Metal Buckle Chelsea Bootie. Finely hand crafted in leather, this stylish pair is inspired by Western and Chelsea style boots, given a distinct Vivier touch with the Maison's signature metal buckle.
- Leather upper
- Branded metal buckle
- Squared toe
- Side elastic inserts
- Leather heel 5.5 cm
- Leather outsole
- Maintenance and care cards included
- Branded dustbag
Mod: RVW64131690QGWM021). Light Showers is the debut collection of fine art from guitarist Frank Gambale. To craft the collection, Gambale worked with Los Angeles based art team SceneFour. The Light Showers collection of artwork is part of a new medium that allows the guitar player to craft visuals through performance. The process of creation is an extensive one, but begins with Gambale utilizing a glove that lights upon impact on the guitar fret. Each finger becomes it's own "paint brush." As a result, Gambale is able to build the aesthetics seen in the collection when playing the instrument. The pieces that are created are abstract, vivid, and showcase his playing in unprecedented ways. Each of the works in the collection are available in highly limited edition sizes. All are numbered and individually signed by Frank Gambale and SceneFour. Each ship with Certificate of Authenticity. Sort By: Price: Low to High Price: High to Low Most Popular Title Manufacturer Newest Oldest Availability 30 per page 60 per page 120 per page 180 per page 300 per page Page of 1 "Chordis Cosmicam" by Frank Gambale Our Price: $300.00 "Filum Flammae" by Frank Gambale Our Price: $300.00 "The Hallucinogenic Guitarist" by Frank Gambale Our Price: $350.00 "Manus in Lux" by Frank Gambale Our Price: $480.00 "Disintegration of Strings" by Frank Gambale Our Price: $500.00 "Light Showers" by Frank Gambale Our Price: $500.00 "Somnium Chordis" by Frank Gambale Our Price: $500.00Street time. Get out there and start shooting. Here is a list of five things you should have in mind before you take your camera:
Capture the decisive moment!
Henri Cartier Bresson, the father of street photography, came up with the term decisive moment. But how can we say what is and what isn’t a decisive moment?
We can’t, because it’s personal and it just happens. After a few hours of walking and taking shots at one moment you will get a feeling that time is starting to slow down and that all of the elements of your shot are gravitating towards one another. At that moment you can just take your camera and create a perfect shot. It doesn’t happen often. For some it’s one in 20 shots, for others it’s one in a series of 100. But in the end, when it happens, you know that you are perfectly happy with your photo and that it’s time to rest.
Tell a story!
Your picture should have a personal story, evoke feelings or motivate people to ask a question. It should get people talking about events that took place in your neighborhood. You don’t need a heavenly beach paradise to create a perfect shot. You can get a good picture anywhere.
Engage with your environment
Simply said – if you try to take pictures in a ballroom and you don’t feel like you really belong there it will show on your photos. If you are wondering how to overcome this problem, the answer is easy – be positive! Talk to people. Sit beside them in the park. Play with their dogs. If it sounds a bit awkward imagine what it’s like for them when a stranger walks up to them and takes a shot. If you are feeling unpleasant and your subject is feeling the same the chances of taking a good shot are less likely to happen. For inspiration search for Humans of New York page on Facebook.
Follow the lights
Every holiday season will bring us not only beautifully decorated cities but people who are enjoying themselves. If you follow the Christmas lights you will find a chance to catch some interesting shots, but choose your subjects wisely. When you are in a new place overwhelmed with different sensations remember that street photography is all about capturing a moment in time. So feel the music, get in the holiday spirit and take the shot.
Respect other people’s privacy
The most important thing in street photography is to respect other people’s privacy. Sometimes you can take a picture that can make serious problems to the people who are in the shot. Maybe they shouldn’t be there at that moment or they shouldn’t be seen with that person. It is important to ask for permission if you can’t do that capture them from the back so their faces are not in the image.
In the end it’s important to relax and to try to have good time. Who knows, your perfect shot can be just around the corner.with celebrity sculptor Paul Vanstone
This week we talk to Paul Vanstone about the process of preparing for, planning and commission outdoor art. As a veteran marble sculptor who sells and installs his pieces globally – Paul has lots of advice to dispense.
We recorded this podcast at his atelier so thanks for understanding about some of the background noise.
Advice
Paul gives us great advice about the confidence and trust in the artist to commission a piece. He gives us examples of the process he goes through with clients and encourages the listeners to be involved in the process.
The three top tips for putting a sculpture outdoors are:
1) Selection of the space / Location – he uses different size cardboard cut outs (which he calls his Monty Python process) to try the pieces in different locations. the different size pieces help to get the scale correct.
2) Ground work / base preparation – make the supportive ground structure bigger than the base of the piece. When it finally comes in you might find it looks better a couple of feet to the left. The additional footings are minimal in cost to give you that ability to adjust.
3) Plan the sculpture in conjunction with your gardener / landscape architect so the two work together -the sculpture should be put in when the garden is ready, which might be well before the plants go in, or at the point of landscaping because this is the best access moment.
How to commission.
Paul talks about how to commission something new – if the exact piece you want isn’t available or you want something bespoke, the timescales for doing this and the communication during this process.
Budget.
And finally we talk about budget – how you think about and talk about the cost of art. This isn’t a comfortable conversation for everyone, but Paul is very honest about how and when you have those conversations and how the artist might be able to help you tweak the piece, it’s size or base material, to help bring the sculpture into your budget.
Paul can be contacted via his website or on instagram @Paulvanstonesculptures
For more information on this podcast and other episodes please visit
If you have enjoyed this episode please rate, review and subscribe as it helps other home owners design their happiness.Ramelson Lead Caming Head Leatherworking Stained Glass Knife
$24.95
Accepting all major credit cards!
Description
Lead Knife – crescent curved stiff 17 gauge (1.5 mm) high carbon steel 2-3/4 inch (7.0 cm) blade with pakkawood handle and brass rivets. Use the edge to cut lead came for stained glass and the point to work the tight margins. It will cut easily with minimal pressure by rocking the blade back and forth along the curve. Multi uses for Cheese and Leather working. May require Honing.Welcome To Our New World
Today I am announcing to you something I am incredibly thrilled about.
———
When I started this newsletter a couple months ago, only one thing was clear in my mind : I wanted to write and connect again with you, my readers, in a genuine way.
My story is a pretty classic story, if you think about it. It’s the story of meeting success and not knowing what to do with it because… It was never where we intended to go to in the first place.
But my story is also the story of our times. I started on this Internet journey early on, when the web was still pretty young. There was no money and no fame to be made. Over the last fifteen years the landscape completely changed. You could say I helped shape it. But I also tried to follow the endlessly speeding machine and, like many of us, at some point I feel like I lost control.
———
Today, I am going to a totally different place, and I’d love to go there with you.
———-
Ever since my beginnings, you have always read me, online, for free. In many ways, I was one of the people who contributed in creating that expectation that digital words and art – because there was always my illustrations and photos too – should be free.
Never did I wonder what exactly I was saying about my value as an artist.
Without realizing, as my business was growing, I was creatively shrinking. It took me years to finally understand what I know now. I need freedom. I need to be creative. I need to feel present to the people who are part of my community. Freedom, creativity, connection.
If I am any sort of visionary, I am not the type that can be an artist and a business woman at the same time.
——-
I thought about letting go of all of it many times.
———
Last summer, Emily and I went on a silent retreat.
I think we both knew we needed a break.
When we came out of it, as I was driving back home, I called her. We both broke down. We decided it was time to change everything – and we did.
We had followed the rules of growth for years and it had left us depleted of our sense of a mission. We decided to get back to the drawing board and create something we would want for ourselves. As always, we wanted to support the people and the projects we love. We wanted a lighter, simpler way of showing, and doing things.
I decided to take a true break from writing for Doré. My texts were too personal to fit in that new editorial line : something felt out of place.
———
And I was left with a lot of free time. This time wasn’t always easy, but it brought me back to something that I truly love to do. In March, I started sending you this newsletter.
Immediately I knew I had found my joy again.
And all the dreams I had left on the side of the road during all of these years came back up.
The simple, honest, spontaneous writing I so love.
The genuine, generous exchanges I found again through your emails.
Your support! Oh my god.
The real desire to know you better.
The idea of creating a space of true sharing with you.
And all the dreams of future gatherings, coffees, dinners and retreats…
All the things we can do when we are in a safe, supportive space.
————
I was talking with my friend Célia one day, and telling her about how happy this new medium was making me.
She said : “Why don’t you set up a subscription?”
I said “Nooooooooo my readers will never want this! They’re going to get mad at me. I am just doing it for the love of it!”
She said “What the hell does that mean? Doing something you love doesn’t mean it doesn’t have value! Why would they get mad at you? I would be the first one to subscribe to your newsletter!”
I said : “Noooooo…”
And then, the idea made its way into my mind.
I realized – well, she’s right. I do too, actually.
I genuinely believe in supporting the things we love with our money. I subscribe easily today. I pay for content. I’ve realized how easy it is to do, and to unsubscribe too. I love how, with just the price of a coffee, you can be supporting your favorite author, creator, maker…
And I realized… This is actually everything I want.
A smaller community that I can really be present for.
A focus on quality, not quantity.
On individuals, not numbers.
On great quality of insights and of exchanges.
Thoughtful conversations in a place were we feel equal, and safe.
——-
A place that’s just my own.
A place that’s our home.
A place without any type of advertising.
A place without hate.
———
I am very excited to introduce you to my new and very very personal project, a membership community where we can connect more intimately, in a safe space.
I AM SO EXCITED.
After you join the community, you’ll receive my weekly newsletter, but you’ll also have access to my new and entirely advertising free space.
I will do a monthly video where I will answer all your questions.
I’ll also do a monthly “class” with an expert on different subjects that are close to our hearts.
I am also very excited to introduce The Conversation, a message board where we can truly share, in a very intimate way. I launched the beta version with a few friends a couple of days ago and we’re already sharing about books, our careers, rebounder exercises, Botox…
I’ll be on there everyday, and it is also a place for you to ask me your questions directly.
We’ll be like a club, so I’ll organize some real life events, and would love for you to meet in your cities too.
Honestly the sky is the limit, and I can’t wait to build this place with you.
———
Actually, the sky is totally NOT the limit.
The limit will be the limit : I want to keep the number of members at a place that is manageable for me. So at some point I might decide to cap the number of members. This is not to scare you into signing up right now : it’s more to tell you the spirit with which I am launching this new adventure : exponential growth is definitely not it.
——-
In a few words, this is my personal project, a place for my intimate insight and stories, and a space to share with you. Just me and you. No team. No adds, no promotions, no affiliate links.
Doré will continue to be a destination for discovering new brands and people that we admire, and it will keep running on the same advertising model.
I am still very involved in the creative oversight – we actually just launched a new Doré Edit that I love, and that is done on an affiliate model. I still crave for beautiful stories on fashion, beauty and lifestyle and that’s what Doré is all about. I’ll be doing an Edit there in the next few weeks!
———
Okay, so – I am going to let you go explore. You can go to garance.world to subscribe. There you will find my manifesto and a video I made to explain my project, a little more in depth. And just because you were the ones who started all of this with me, I want to offer you a 25% off of the Yearly membership, that’s easy to redeem, entering that code at check out : GXEM –
It’s valid until Sunday evening.
My email still works if you have any personal questions, of course!
I am so incredibly happy and excited, and I can’t wait to start chatting with you at The Conversation.
Welcome, welcome, welcome!!!
xo
G
PS : For those of you who won’t sign up, this is a warm goodbye for now.
You won’t receive anymore newsletters – but I’ll still be on Instagram!
Thank you for being part of this adventure and for giving me the courage to believe that I could create something new.Title
Fractional PID consensus control protocols for second-order multiagent systems
Document Type
Conference Proceeding
Publication Date
2019
Department/School
Engineering Technology
Publication Title
AIAA Scitech 2019 Forum
Abstract
We outline the formalism and investigate the efficacy of fractional PIDα consensus control for second-order multiagent systems in which the derivative feedback is allowed to take non-integer order. Using algebraic graph theory to characterize the communication topology, a pseudostate-space formalism is developed in terms of the graph Laplacian matrix and used to prove that, given certain conditions on the system’s eigenvalues, consensus is guaranteed to be reached asymptotically. We show that these eigenvalue conditions correspond to particular regions of {kP, kI, kD, αD} parameter space and demonstrate this numerically as well as analytically for the special case of a complete graph. Finally, we show that fractional-order controllers outperform standard integer-order controllers in terms of common performance specifications for a selection of benchmark 5-agent systems.
ISBN
9781624105784
Link to Published Version
Recommended Citation
Yaylali, D., Butcher, E. A., & Dabiri, A. (2019, January 7). Fractional PID consensus control protocols for second-order multiagent systems. AIAA Scitech 2019 Forum. AIAA Scitech 2019 Forum, San Diego, California.Reducing high costs of communication remain ICASA’s most important mandate
Johannesburg – The Independent Communications Authority of South Africa (the Authority) has noted recent mainstream and social media reports about the cost of data in South Africa. There has also been requests for the Authority to respond to questions relating to data pricing.
Even though the Authority is yet to develop a specific framework to regulate data pricing, it does, however, aim to protect consumers by setting regulations which licensees must comply with. One of these regulations is the End-User and Subscriber Service Charter Regulations which was amended in April 2016 to include more protection for consumers.
The End-User and Subscriber Service Charter Regulations impose extensive transparency obligations on licensees to ensure that consumers are well informed with regards to the rules applicable to their service consumption. In terms of these regulations, network providers must now, at the point of sale or prior to contracting, inform their customers about, among other things, in and out-of-bundle rates and the rules for the carry-over of unused voice minutes and data.
The regulations further provide for a complaints handling procedure that must be adhered to by all network providers. One of the stipulations of this complaints handling procedure is that network providers are prohibited from disconnecting the services of consumers while a disputed bill (data or voice) is being investigated, provided that the consumer continues paying the subscription amount.
The Authority believes that the introduction of Over-The-Top (OTT) services has positively impacted the overall growth in the demand for data. In addition, consumers have increased their level of communication and thus their demand for data due to, among others, the use of video and photo sharing, downloading of applications, etc.
To this end, the concerns around the cost of data have inevitably surpassed concerns over the cost of voice..
The trends over the past five years indicate that average prices for data are now at least 45% cheaper than they were in 2010. This however, is not to say that the concerns raised by civil society groups and consumers around the high costs are unfounded. The trends further indicate that consumers buying large volumes of data benefit significantly from low in-bundle rates/MB, whereas out-of-bundle rates are still substantially higher.
It should be noted that any regulatory intervention by the Authority in any market (including data markets) must follow the prescripts of the law. In this regard, the Authority’s analysis of priority markets which require regulatory intervention is underway. The Authority hopes to announce the proposed steps it will embark upon in respect of the priority markets by the end of the current financial year. These steps will be in line with the prescripts of the law.
A further area of concern relates to the expiry of prepaid data bundles (and post-paid). The Authority believes that this practice is to the prejudice of consumers. To this end, the Authority is consulting with the National Consumer Commission (NCC) to explore possible measures to deal with this practice in terms of the provisions of the Consumer Protection Act, 2008.Your life MATTERS! – That is a PROMISE!
Does MY life matter? This question is obviously on the minds of many across the USA and around the world. We can, without equivocation say, “Yes, YOUR life matters to God…and subsequently to many others.” Still, that is getting ahead of ourselves just a bit.
As the Passover celebration in Jerusalem drew closer during the Biblical era, Hebrew people from across the Levante would gather for the celebration. […]Diego Lopez has left Real Madrid to join Italian side AC Milan, it has been confirmed. Despite the fact the goalkeeper was reluctant to leave the Spanish capital, his agent finally agreed personal terms with Adriano Galliani.
The 32-year-old will arrive to the Rossoneri free of charge, although Madrid could get performance-related bonuses at the end of the season.
Following Keylor Navas’ signing, Los Blancos had decided to get rid of one goalkeeper, and they chose to let Diego Lopez go and keep Iker Casillas.
Lopez, who had a running contract with Los Merengues, claimed he wanted to stay. However, Milan’s president finally convinced him to join the Serie A side.
Talks had been going on for a few days and, despite Diego Lopez’s wage demands being too high for Milan at first, they managed to agree a deal.
Lopez arrived in Milan on Monday night and will sign a four-year contract. He will undergo his medical today, before being unveiled as a new Milan player. The Italian club confirmed the switch on their Twitter feed, saying: “Diego #Lopez just arrived in Milan! Tomorrow he will undergo the medical tests! #weareacmilan”
The Spanish goalkeeper had also been linked with a move to Monaco and Chelsea, but Milan were the most interested at the end. The Italian club will not play Champions League this season.
* Get all the latest Real Madrid news on our Twitter account: @realmadridnewsw.I added the margin at the top of the page but does not appear in Internet explorer 6, and that after the addition of shadow using pie.htc file
Before adding the shadow appears on the internet explorer 6
#logbar { behavior:url(PIE.htc); margin-top:20px; }
any help?
I added some petrol to my
I added some petrol to my car, but it won't start when my wife turns the key.
It's a Skoda Fabia.
Any help?
whoops double post can a mod
whoops double post can a mod me delete please?
Anyone who buys a Skoda Fabia
Anyone who buys a Skoda Fabia ought to be deleted
Ah shush it's a lovely little
Ah shush it's a lovely little car, feels like we're in a rally car when we whizz through the countryside
It also has the best paint color ever - Fantasy Green!
Apart from a slightly expensive service (due to not being looked after properly for the last seven years!) it's been a lot more reliable than my old citroen C4 which cost about seven times as much to buy. That'll teach me to buy a fancy pants electronic French car ...
We seem to have veered slightly off topic now ... I think we should have a grumpy rambling forum somewhere!Innovations and approaches to go green in Asia
Increasing the energy efficiency of data centers in the tropics is not hopeless, but it is tougher, and with significantly lesser gains than similar facilities situated in locations with temperate climates.
Yet tropical Southeast Asia is also home to two-third of a billion people, with towering digital expansion that is increasing quickly. As more information centers are being constructed in the area, are there inventions or functional strategies which can help data centre providers go green ?
Dabbling in hybrid liquid cooling In a video call, Lee walked DCD through a hybrid cooling system he developed for data centers. Much like present water-cooling solutions employed by PC gaming enthusiasts, the coolant is contained within a closed loop, effectively eliminating water reduction. Lee takes this further, feeding the water into a heat exchanger in the stand level, which transports the heat to an outside dry cooler via another loop.
When tested under loads of 32kW, Lee says his hybrid cooling system attained a PUE of merely 1.091 — with the advantage of being far simpler to implement than full immersion liquid cooling. And since 95 percent of this warmth has removed via liquid cooling, Lee says his solution might allow for information centers to be constructed without chillers and CRAC units. Without these systems and the raised floors that normally include them, the outcome is less M&E work, lower prices, and faster fit-out of information centers.
But getting a greenfield data center constructed without chillers is a challenging market in most regions of the world, and much more in tropical locations. However, a surprise finding in new tests conducted in AI Singapore earlier this year prompted Lee to commercialize his hybrid cooling solution for present facilities.
Having a single-rack testbed consisting of 20 servers with one AMD Epyc processor and four Nvidia RTX2080 GPUs each, Lee claims his hybrid cooling system recorded a surprising reduction in IT power of 25 percent. The sharp decreasing of junction temperature on the microprocessors led to the big fall in IT electricity consumption, Lee said. This was possible due to the use of fluid cooling, along with a unique, high efficiency”oblique fin” cold plate he designed.
This usually means that present data centers can deploy Lee’s solution to benefit from considerably lower power consumption. By removing the second cooling loop and bleach the waste heat through regular rear door heating exchangers, no construction alterations would be required. Lee says he’s now in advanced discussions with at least two operators in the region about his solution.
So why has hybrid liquid cooling not found greater use? Lee hypothesized this might be on account of the vast majority of equipment sellers coming from the USA or Europe. With lower hanging fruits like ambient temperatures cooling, there could be no urgency to create cooling systems targeted especially towards deployments in tropical climates.
Efficiency Begins with the design
But standard systems deployed well can make a world of difference, according to Darren Hawkins, CEO of both SpaceDC. Building an efficient data centre boils down to the design, ” he advised DCD in a call. The Singapore-based provider is now building a data center campus in Indonesia that is scheduled to start in the next half of this year. Façade components will be installed to reduce solar heat gains to a minimum, states Hawkins. Obviously, a larger data centre also allows for a decrease carbon footprint due to factors such as economies of scale, a reduced PUE, and also fewer individuals needed for safety and maintenance.
A common error is underestimating the importance of the ideal skills for deployed systems:”Skillset is particularly important, especially with the complicated, large data centres that we are building.
“You want to ensure that the technology that you deploy is controlled and maintained in its peak performance. Your tech is your enabler. But in case your operations team is not familiar with this , then that could lead to further troubles.”
When adaptability in Critical
Transferring for the common denominator is most likely not on his team’s mind, considering how SpaceDC’s forthcoming facilities don’t use elevated flooring, and do not even rely on the power grid for normal operations. Rather, JAK1 and JAK2 will utilize a natural gas-driven reciprocating motor to power the information center campus.
Hawkins claims that this less common option has been made after an exhaustive audit of their energy sources accessible Jakarta, its quality, background of distribution, the available capability, and the way it’s distributed. “We’re easily able to identify the grid has several issues each month. They are not necessarily blackouts — however low voltages and high harmonics. This usually means that data centers here will normally head to generator power,” he explained.
In view of this, providing the most resilient data center design meant adapting with an on-site power plant. As a bonus, as the gas-powered generator usually means the existence of absorption chillers to recycle waste heat for the chillers, while the cleaner power in the generators translate into a more efficient energy chain with equipment like UPS units functioning in high-efficiency mode.
Hawkins likens the ability to accommodate construction data centers:”We supply everything [hyperscalers] need in terms of continuous cooling, contiguous area, and reliable power. We consider that and turn it into a building that’s adapted to your climate. Prerequisites will be the same, however, how you give it’s extremely different. This ability to translate and deliver across different towns, not only cope, but to execute.”
With new inventions and also a willingness to adapt, there’s not any reason data facility operators in tropical climates cannot nevertheless build energy efficient amenities.Our Stones
Each stone tells a story. Discover what makes you unique.
Origin: Africa
Properties: Insight and Luck
Perfect for: Granting You Awareness and Blessing You with Luck
Origin: Nova Scotia
Properties: Peace and Understanding
Perfect for: Superior Communication Skills and Attaining Sleep
Origin: Spain
Properties: Guidance and Creativity
Perfect for: Providing You with Accurate Directions and Fresh Ideas
Origin: South Africa
Properties: Confidence and Relationships
Perfect for: Eliminating Your Insecurities and Improving Relationships
Origin: South Africa
Properties: Protection and Motivation
Perfect for: Sheltering You from Harm and Granting You Fighting Spirit
Origin: South Africa
Properties: Innovation and Clarity
Perfect for: Boosting Your Inspiration and Gaining Good Judgement
Origin: Brazil
Properties: Love and Happiness
Perfect for: Encourages Romance and Fills You with Happiness
Origin: Brazil
Properties: Optimism and Manifestation
Perfect for: Making You Optimistic and Fulfilling Your Desires
Origin: SOUTH AFRICA
Properties: Energy and Willpower
Perfect for: Increase Your Energy and Giving You Willpower to Resist Negativity
Origin: South Africa
Properties: Calmness and Adaptability
Perfect for: Eliminates Stress and Helping You Learn From Experience
Origin: Mexico
Properties: Health and Unity
Perfect for: Boosting Your Vitality and Stimulating Unity in Your Life
Origin: Brazil
Properties: Creativity and Growth
Perfect for: Energizing Your Artistic Talents and Helps Effort Turn into Growth
Origin: South Africa
Properties: Progress and Fortune
Perfect for: Firing up Your Desire to Progress and Attracting Fortune
Origin: Afghanistan
Properties: Prosperity and Fame
Perfect for: Gaining abundance and Recognition
Origin: Madagascar
Properties: Enthusiasm and Serendipity
Perfect for: Keeping You Keen and Delivering Coincidences
Origin: Brazil
Properties: Energy and Problem-solving
Perfect for: Boosting Your Energy Level and Targeting Your Problems
Origin: Madagascar
Properties: Unconditional Love and Romance
Perfect for: Granting You Love and Strengthening Relationships
Origin: Canada
Properties: Solutions and Possibilities
Perfect for: Granting You Answers and Boosting Your Abilities
Origin: New Mexico
Properties: Progress and Motivation
Perfect for: Helping You Move Forward and Boosts Enthusiasm
Origin: South Africa
Properties: Protection and Discernment
Perfect for: Protecting You and Granting The Ability To See Ahead
Origin: Burma
Properties: Wealth and Protection
Perfect for: Protecting loved ones and increasing wealth through luckThe problem: Octopress does not like the shared link. So you need to convert to the direct link.
I ran into this issue when I didn’t want to load all my images via a local source / Dropbox. Mainly because I’m running out of room in my Dropbox and am too cheap to pay for storage.
Steps for Google Drive Host your Images
1) Load your image into Google Drive. :)
2) Get the shareable link, make it publically availible.
Your sharable link will look something like this mess:
4) Change the
file/d/ to
uc?export=&id= and remove the
view?usp=sharing at the end.
The direct link to open the image would be changed to:
5) Embed the image in Octopress as normal: LINK
6) Success!
Caveat
Loading of images via Google Drive appears a bit slow. I may need to make the images smaller or compress them to improve loading time.
Blog Credit
Direct link information gleaned from LINKOver the past few years casinos and online gambling in the UK have been subject to many newspaper stories, leading many to believe that an increased number of people เว็บพนัน UFABET were gambling, with the possibility of a large proportion succumbing to gambling addiction. However, the recently released British Gambling Prevalence Survey 2007 has proven otherwise, surprising those who held preconceptions about the numbers of gamblers in the UK, as well as gambling trends.
Many hypothesized that the survey would indicate a huge increase in the amount of gambling taking place, with special emphasis on those who chose to wager their money online. However, the survey revealed that actual gambling figures for the year have remained almost at the same levels as they were back in 1999, proving that the anticipated increase in gambling numbers hasn’t materialised and suggests that there are not as many problem gamblers as previously thought.
The number of ways people can gamble has certainly increased in recent years, with the huge variety of scratch cards available, as well as new casino openings and the advent of online gambling. In fact, the number of online gambling websites has increased massively in recent times, along with the variety of games available to play and the ease at which users can wager their funds on these websites. It was this area increase in particular that led many to speculate on the potential gambling addiction problem in the UK.
The report shows that around 32 million adults have participated in some form of gambling activity within the past year, which includes the National Lottery and the instantly gratifying and readily-available ‘instant win’ scratch cards. Of these people only 6 percent placed wagers online, while only 3 percent gambled online by playing poker or casino [] games or placed bets with a bookmaker using the internet.
These facts are probably surprising considering the amount of press that online gambling has received in the past, especially since the survey also revealed that the number of “problem gamblers” is a mere 250,000 people – accounting for less than one percent of the total number of gamblers.Editors Note: We have changed the names of the infiltrating fan here to protect his identity.
On June 7th our now favorite Caps fan Chris had bought tickets to the T-mobile arena, being a Caps fan, he had a mission. If the Caps won the Cup, he was going to find their party, and infiltrate it. This is his story.
It started about three weeks before the fateful night when the Vegas Golden Knights had a public sale and he finalized his travel for game five. Sitting at home in Virginia Chris told his wife: “You know if this happens, we have to find the Cup.” Chris’s wife responded with: “Totally.”
Fast forwarding to game five, during pre-game festivities a Capitals fan was passing around signed hockey cards at a bar where fan were pre-gaming, boasting that he had just met Holtby’s mother. The fan seemed legit, so they asked him where the Caps were staying. In a drunken, but loud whisper, he said: “Aria.” After the Caps won the Cup, they set back to the Aria hotel with a bottle of champagne and started offering it to anyone who wanted some. It wasn’t a great plan of elicitation, but it was fun!!
They began asking around at the Aria as to where the Capitals were partying. Some of the doorman and security folks might have been given a “Jackson” for information. All for the sake of the mission of course! Chris and the Mrs. were told the Capitals were staying at the Aria, but the party was not there. Thus began their quest to find the Capitals party. They asked some doormen who were convinced the party was at the Mandarin Hotel, which was in-between T-mobile Arena and the Aria Hotel. Now they had a plan!
Off they went, running into a couple of Caps fans who concurred the party was at the Mandarin. YES – good intel! Seeing some coach buses outside, they innocently asked one of the drivers who his client was. He simply said: “Out-of-towners.” He couldn’t say officially who they were, but said he saw a “silvery glow” coming from the third floor of the Mandarin. With this intel, they bee-lined into the Mandarin, got to the lobby elevators, and hit the third floor button and..
Nothing happened. The floor didn’t light up. Chris pressed more floor buttons. Nothing worked. It must have been keycard locked for folks staying at the hotel, all except for the rooftop bar. Chris and his wife lit up the the 23rd button and ascended to the bar. With the quest for the party getting more feverish. On the way to the 23rd floor, Chris and his wife ran into more Caps fans who said the elevator had stopped previously at the third floor, but when it was stopped they were pressed by security as to why they were here, and getting off there. Our heroes had the intel:, the party was on the third floor.However, now they were on the 23rd floor. With intel rock solid, they headed to the fire escape (don’t worry, it was inside the hotel) and tore down 20 flights of stairs only to find no door to the third floor (which is alarming had their been a fire!) Our fans quickly backtracked to the fourth floor where Chris called the elevator. The third floor button lit up this time like Eller buried the Final Clincher. They were close.
As Chris and the Mrs. arrived at the third floor, the doors opened. There was nothing there except a couple of security guards in front of a black curtain with the sounds of a party going on behind them. Nothing right?? They swallowed deep and walked up to the security guys. One of them asked who they were with….
As calmly and authoritatively as as he could, Chris said: “The Washington Capitals.” They looked at each other and the same person who asked who they were asked where their wristbands were? With no wristbands, our fans had to think fast. Chris replied with celebrity indignation: “No one told us about wristbands?!?!” The guards asked for their names, and not really thinking at this point, Chris gave his real name. With that, the security guard checked behind a curtain and asked another guard for a list. It’s Vegas -there has to a guest list!! Nope – he told him something to the effect of “They never gave us a list.” He popped his head out and said they were good to go in!! (Are you just dying yet? We are!!)
HOLY COW!!!!! (ok, to be honest, that isn’t really what they said or what we would say, but keeping it family-friendly, you can fill in the words!!!)
Behind the curtain was a half-sized hotel ballroom with all your standard reception fare, a couple of bars, some fingers foods and in the corner was HOLTBY posing for pictures while lifting the CUPover his head. Chris said to his wife “HOLY {expletive, expletive, expletive, we are here!} That’s HOLTBY!
As our warriors (well the Caps did just defeat the Knights and their little warrior) composed themselves they decided: “We are in; just act natural.” (No way could we compose ourselves. Just saying.)
Okay hold onto your hats, the story gets really really GR8 now!!!
Holtby was on the far side of the room lifting the cup and smiling ear-to-ear posing for pictures. Chris did a quick scan around the room and immediately recognized Orlov, Carlson, DSP, Orpik, Eller, and Ovi at a table in the center surrounded by a gaggle of Russian dudes and dudettes. Looking back, Holtby passed the Cup to Niskanen.
There was a circle of folks in a party line to receive the Cup. We go in line. Nisky posed with some relatives for photos, and the Cup got passed around, then to a kid. They started to offer to take photos for folks, and we were next in line. The Cup came to us.
Some person handed me the
STANLEY CUP!
I could not believe it. I lifted it, I kissed it, and I had passed it off to someone before I even knew what happened. After that, we mingled into the party and talked to Alan May, Orpik, and Orlov. I asked Orlov how I could get one of the locker room hats all the players were wearing? Through a deep Russian accent and a wry smile he told me: “Win the Cup!” We both laughed. We stayed with the players until the party was closing and the Caps were off to a different club. We couldn’t believe it.
One final fun note about the evening. At 1232 Ovi was sitting drinking a beer – a Stella. At 1237 he got up with the Cup to take some pictures before leaving the party. The next day the Washington Post wrote about what happened at 1236… Those were our Caps fans!!
The next morning telling their story, family and friends didn’t believe them either. But then they had proof. Picture proof.
Ok, now tell us friends – is that not THE BEST STANLEY CUP STORY EVER?!?!?!?!?
Do you have a playoff or Stanley Cup story you are just dying to tell? Message us at friendsincoldplacesdc@gmail.com and we will gladly share it with the rest of the world!!by Theckla Gunga – EM TV News, Port Moresby
The leader NGO Millennium Good Governance Incorporation has called on the public to speak up about any illegal activities, including the transferring of money out of the country.
Steven Andambo made the commen’s following recent media reports of money laundering involving senior bureaucrats in Papua New Guinea.
“This is one of the very key issues that we need to address, and I encourage all Papua New Guinea’s to be watchful of these activities,” Andambo said.
He said the media reports had already exposed those involved, but the public can also play their part in stopping money laundering.
“Let’s wake up, stand on our toes and be watchful,” he said.
Andambo also requested that investigations into the money laundering revelations should be established.
“I believe this activity has occurred for over 20 or 30 years, and it needs to be further investigated.”Interpellations and EU Laws Top MPs Agenda in March
Ljubljana, 12 March - Interpellation motions against Health Minister Dusan Keber and Interior Minister Rado Bohinc will top the agenda of the parliament's March session alongside a bulk of EU-compatible laws that must be adopted before EU accession. The agenda was set on Friday by the collegiate body of Parliament Speaker Borut Pahor.- Tips
- Always use your gems on builders first rather than resources or finishing an upgrade. Be patient.
- Putting your Builders on the corners of your base may slow down the attacker and let you have a better chance of winning. However, it also allows them to be destroyed with single troops (if your attacker remembers to look for them), which may make the difference between a 50% victory and a 49% loss.
- 特征
- Wears a yellow-brown aviator hat. (Similar to the Wall Breaker's)
- Brown leathery pants.
- 金色的牙齿
- 俊俏的微笑。
- 蓝色眼睛。
- Appears bald.
- Trivia
- Both the Villagers and Builders run to the Town Hall when the village is under attack.
- You start the game with one Builder, but you are forced to buy another in the tutorial. More can be bought with Gems.
- You can have a maximum of 5 Builders.
- When a builder is inactive, small z's will appear from the roof of his house signaling that the builder is resting and is available to be assigned to an upgrade.
- They can upgrade anything but Troops if you have enough resources and your Town Hall is high enough.
- When builders are not working, they will be in the Builder's Hut.
- Like Villagers, Builders cannot be upgraded.
- A builder runs with his hammer in his right hand, but builds and removes obstacles using it in his left hand.
- It is actually possible to get the 5th Builder for free although it does take a while.
- You do not need a Builder to add Decorations or Traps.
- When the Builder is running, it moves as fast as a Goblin, and when walking, it moves as fast as a Barbarian.
- The Builder does not always go to the same Builder's Hut it came out of.
- If the player moves an inactive Builder's Hut, a Builder will be seen lying down on the spot where the hut used to be (but not actually sleeping). In older versions, the Builder is not seen lying down when the hut is moved; instead, there will be a dark spot of the Builder's shadow.
- The Builder is not able to upgrade troops.
- When the Builder is upgrading something,it takes him 1 minute to create 88 strikes of his hammer on the building.
- Two builders can be seen in the "Fort Knobs" village, despite there being no builder huts.
- 购买建筑工人的价格
- 第一个建筑工人小屋-你已经有了这个游戏里面的第一个建筑工人。
- 第二个建筑工人花费250宝石(然而你是被迫购买的第二个建筑工人。)
- 第三个建筑工人花费500宝石
- 第四个建筑工人花费1000宝石
- 第五个建筑工人花费2000宝石Google Chrome is one of the most popular browsers in use today. With steady updates, fast speeds, and the ever useful tabs, it’s difficult to imagine working without it. For users who have the same tabs constantly open, did you know that there is a useful feature in Chrome that allows you to ensure that these tabs are always available?:
1.Open the site you would like to pin in a new tab.
2.Right-click on the tab.
3.Shooting For Peace
Shooting For Peace
CBN Sports Media is proud to bring you the SHOOTING FOR PEACE Celebrity All-Star Weekend basketball game. Tip is on FEBRUARY 16th at 1PM at Joseph S. Clark High School in NOLA
The event will feature:
- Poetry Contest
- Dunk Elite Contest
- Scholarships & Prizes
- NBA Legends
- Harlem Globtrotters
- and a Half Time Performance by GSATLANTA, Oct. 19, 2021 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Gray Television, Inc. (“Gray”) (NYSE: GTN) announced today that it has promoted Michele Gors to General Manager of KEYC News Now (CBS/Fox) in Mankato, Minnesota. She succeeds Ed Woloszyn, who passed away recently following a brief battle with cancer.
Michele is an Emmy Award winning broadcast professional with more than three decades in the industry. Since the summer of 2019, she has been serving as the News Director for KTTC (NBC) in Rochester, Minnesota, which Gray recently acquired from Quincy Media. Michele has served as a News Manager and News Director in several markets including Memphis (WREG), Tampa (WTSP), Las Vegas (KTNV) and Wichita (KWCH), among others. Michele also served as President/CEO of PBS affiliated KPTS in Wichita. She is a member of RTNDA, and a fellow with the Carole Kneeland Project for Responsible Journalism. Michele has also served on several nonprofit boards.
“Michele has done an outstanding job managing the dominant KTTC newsroom in Rochester and will now bring her passion and expertise to the KEYC team,” remarked Mike King, Gray’s Senior Vice President. Michele begins her new role at KEYC on November 15, 2021.
About Gray Television:
Gray Television, headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, is the largest owner of top-rated local television stations and digital assets in the United States. Upon its anticipated acquisition. Gray also owns video program production, marketing, and digital businesses including Raycom Sports, Tupelo Honey, and RTM Studios, the producer of PowerNation programs and content and is the majority owner of Swirl Films.
# # #
Attachment
$35.00 $50.00
It is considered lucky for one butterfly to land on one’s palm, let alone six! The Butterfly Ring’s magical design resembles tiny vines enveloping your finger.
PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
This product comes with a complimentary gift box.
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …Main Index
Joyful Sound - Cinema 2 - Volume 24
Star Wars - Main Theme - Grade 8
The Imperial March - Grade 8
Duel of the Fates - Grade 9
Star Trek
(from the TV film Star Trek)
- Grade 8
Show Me Your Firetruck
(from the movie Backdraft)
- Grade 8
Station Man
The Gremlin Rag - Grade 9
The Last Emperor - Grade 8Family garden
In Stacie Crooks’s garden, mornings are magic. As she and husband Jon breakfast on the patio, they can look through a leafy screen to see son Dylan bouncing on a trampoline. Or they can glance across flowering perennials to the main lawn, where son Trevor roughhouses with the family’s Jack Russell terrier.
Stacie doesn’t worry that the dog might damage the lawn or that an errant soccer ball could snap shrub branches ― the garden is designed for her active family.
The Crooks’s garden accommodates plants, entertaining, pets, and play. Best of all, this high-performance landscape takes Stacie only about three hours per week to maintain.
That’s good, because she has many activities beyond family responsibilities. She loves to kayak, ski, and manage the docent program at Seattle’s E. B. Dunn Historic Garden, and she runs her own garden-design business ([email protected]).
“When prospective clients come over to discuss their own gardens, this garden always wins them over,” Stacie says of her home’s landscaping.
With all these demands on her time, plus kids and a dog romping through the yard, how does Stacie keep her garden beautiful enough to turn heads? By thoughtful design and smart plant choices.
Careful planning
The rear garden fans out from a patio filled with pots of perennials that echo the border plants, while a Japanese maple near the patio gives the space a sense of volume and is a great place to hang the bird feeder.
The lawn, bordered by a paved mowing strip that makes edging easy, gives the kids and dog space to run. Two extensions of the lawn are partially camouflaged by shrubs: one section contains the trampoline, while the other, concealed by a small island of perennials and shrubs, serves as the dog’s comfort station.
The dog was trained to do its business here and nowhere else, which makes cleanup fast and easy.
For privacy, Stacie planted a screen of Leyland cypress along the back lot line. It took six years to fill in, and the trees now block not only the view of her uphill neighbor’s house but also the path of airborne weed seeds.
Shrubs, perennials, and grasses pack most of the border between screen plants and the lawn. “It’s a fusion garden that looks like a medieval tapestry and shades out weeds,” Stacie explains. In the undulating perimeter bed, she experiments with plant combinations.
The bed also serves as a nursery from which plants can be divided and moved into other parts of the garden. The area contains a vegetable bed ― the domain of 9-year-old Trevor, who is rapidly becoming a gardener in his own right.
Smart plant choices
“One of my goals,” Stacie explains, “is to demonstrate that there are lots of drought-tolerant, low-maintenance plant choices for the Northwest, and I try them here before I recommend them for anybody else’s garden.” Many of these plantings are shrubs that she mixes freely in the border with low perennials and grasses.
Some of Stacie’s favorite shrubs include viburnums for hedging, backgrounds, and fillers; small-leafed rhododendrons, which are more sun-tolerant than most; Tatarian dogwood (Cornus alba ‘Elegantissima’) for its red winter twigs and variegated summer leaves; and most of the less-than-3-foot Euonymus species.
Among ornamental grasses, Stacie likes 7-foot-tall maiden grass (Miscanthus sinensis ‘Gracillimus’) for its coppery plumes that mature to cream, and a 20-inch variegated sedge, Carex morrowii, which is a good edging plant. Of the dozens of species of perennials she grows, she has particular favorites that add lovely splashes of color. They include Euphorbia x martinii, Salvia nemorosa ‘Ostfriesland’ (or East Friesland), asters, single-flowered Japanese anemones, Hosta ‘Francee’, Corsican hellebores, and a range of true geraniums (‘Ann Folkard’, ‘Ballerina’, and ‘Gravetye’ top the list).
TIMESAVING TRICKS
“Low maintenance” is always a relative phrase. Most perennials, for example, demand more upkeep than shrubs. In all, Stacie Crooks’s garden gets a weekend of serious attention in March, about three hours of attention per week from then through fall, then nearly a week of cleanup in November. During the growing season, she tries to do all of the maintenance at once ― on a Saturday morning, for example ― because it’s easier and more practical than trying to work in piecemeal garden time while juggling her kids’ schedules and her own business.
Shade out weeds by planting shrubs and perennials close together. Stacie also treats weed-prone areas with a preemergence herbicide to stop stray seeds from germinating.
Fertilize effectively. Stacie’s plants get a dose of organic 5-5-5 fertilizer at planting time, then again every spring. Beyond that, she applies only composted horse manure every second autumn.
Group plants by water needs to make the watering easier. The lawn, which is watered only by rain, goes dormant in summer.
Use a mowing strip of paving material to keep grass out of the planting beds and make edging easier.
HOW TO PLAN YOUR SPACE
Divide the garden into separate areas, by function. Consider a patio for quiet dining, lawn for kids to romp on, a corner for the dog.
Separate each space with shrub borders, level changes, or low hedges. Dividing the garden makes the property look bigger and more functional.
Match plants to spaces. Put soft-textured but tough plants around places where kids play. Ornamental grasses, sword ferns, and heathers are good choices.
Use a tough lawn grass that is easy to care for and bounces back quickly from foot traffic. Less-thirsty dwarf tall fescues stay evergreen year-round in warm climates. Perennial rye is a good choice for the Pacific Northwest. Seeded lawns are generally more durable than sod for heavy traffic use because they establish deeper roots.During low tides there is a long walk to get to the water as the tide goes a long way out and you can even walk to Elizabeth Castle
Along the seaside walk there is a small café called the Beach Hut where you can stop for food and beverages or sunbathe nearby.
(Parking)
Beach Hut
Liberty Bus offer a very helpful guide to help visitors plan your trip here
(Bus Trip Planner)Individual congregations can use the expertise of the Foundation in a variety of ways.
Investment Services
One of the ways is to engage the Foundation to invest endowment funds on behalf of the church. The church retains full discretion regarding distributions from its separate investment account.
Advantages of this approach are:
- Independent selection of professional investment managers
- Regular monitoring of performance
- Administration and oversight
- Investment decisions removed from local church influences
- No fees payable to the Foundation
Education and Consulting Services
A church can use the consulting services of the Foundation to assist in creating a legacy stewardship program for the church if a program is not already in place. Also, the Foundation is available to consult with a church vestry or committee about their existing investment program even if the church decides to continue handling its own investments.Περιγραφή
Restaurant reservations made easy. Accept reservations and table bookings online. Quickly confirm or reject restaurant reservations, send out custom email notifications, restrict booking times and more.
Includes Gutenberg restaurant block for displaying your reservation form! You can also use the handy restaurant reservation shortcode or set the reservation page directly in the plugin settings.
Key Features
- Create a customized restaurant reservation form
- Responsive booking form layout that looks great for mobile reservations and on all devices
- Add your reservation form to any page via the included Gutenberg restaurant booking block or shortcode, or just choose your reservation page in the settings
- Quickly.
Στιγμιότυπα..
Μπλοκ
Αυτό το πρόσθετο παρέχει 1 μπλοκ.
- Five Star Restaurant Reservations - WordPress Booking Plugin
Εγκατάσταση
- Upload the ‘restaurant-reservations’:
Συχνές Ερωτήσεις premium version does indeed come with a custom fields feature that lets you add new fields and modify existing ones.
More questions and answers
Find answers to even more questions in the FAQ.
Κριτικές
Συνεισφέροντες & Προγραμματιστές
“Five Star Restaurant Reservations – “Five Star Restaurant Reservations – WordPress Booking Plugin” έχει μεταφραστεί σε “Five Star Restaurant Reservations –.3 (2021-11-05)
- Updates the SAP library to version 2.6.1
- Fix for redirects after booking not working correctly
- Fix for reminder emails being sent after the booking time under certain circumstances
- Fix for multiple locations showing as available to book at midnight only when they are closed for the day
2.4.3 (2021-10-19)
- Changes the type of a few settings, to use the ‘select’ type instead of the ‘count’ type
- Fix for a settings formatting issue
2.4.2 (2021-10-18)
- Minor fix for the reply-to header for some notifications
2.4.0 (2021-10-13)
- Adds in a number of location-specific settings for those who use multiple locations
- Upgrades to version 2.6.0 of simple-admin-pages
- Fixes an issue where some options that were blank were saving as an underscore, leading to unexpected behaviour)
- Αρχική έκδοσηGetting a task in england has stopped being as difficult and hard as it once was. In fact, job opportunities are a lot better than before. It’s been a result of recent economic depression, which led to most people dropping their careers. The volume of people getting operate in addition fell, which happens to be a further constructive factor. You should consider where you should appearance and what is available with the appointment phase if you’re searching to get a employment in england. Below are great tips to obtain started.
In case you have virtually any inquiries relating to where in addition to the way to use Jobs In Malta, it is possible to call us on our own web-page.
When looking for an interview which has a possible workplace, it is best to prepare yourself well and gown correctly. Ensure that you are quite groomed and awesome all of the time. It’s also sensible to be clean and tidy so you do not go away any spots or smells which could humiliat the employer and draw detrimental awareness.
The most critical things to remember in the meeting is to encounter normally. Do not over-speak what you are saying or older-declare your instance. Additionally it is important to sustain a specialized mind-set and to portray self-assurance. Even if you are unclear around the placement that you’re obtaining, it is very important allow the interviewer know this.
There are lots of options for choosing a task in britain. According to your physical location, depending on what kind of job you are looking at, you can choose from one of several accessible positions. There are many task websites on the Internet nowadays, where you could publish your cv and obtain a employment. Task websites also record openings the place organisations publish their requirements for new professionals at kretchmer dentistry. By looking at such sites, there is also relevant details just like the experience essential for a particular situation and firms that employ.
Once you have discovered a suitable work, be practical promote it. Educate family and friends participants regarding your prepare of taking a conversation. Inform them which you have made a decision to go to an alternative metropolis or state need to meet with the workplace there. It is possible to go to web 2 . 0 events or you’re not selected try to give your contact lenses learn about your options. You’ll be able to tweet or Facebook or myspace your intention and they’ll enable your friends know.
Once you know the placement you happen to be looking for is a member of a department store, retailer from your grocery store, in the event your friends customers won’t be able to show up at this sort of functions. Look at the manager or chat to individuals powering the counter. By inquiring a quick question like what number of store goes to every month, the length of time the opening lasted, or whether the store got designed any lasting employees television, you may get some useful responses. Keep in mind that irrespective of how compact the employer might be, he or she certainly will hear your complaints about the performing circumstances.
There are also many online sites where you can post your job application and still provide your contact information. For you to do this as quickly as possible as you possibly can assessed by a few business employers prior to receiving your software. It is possible to write-up your continue online and you may include your individual input towards the document. This really is handy as you possibly can save considerable time by carrying out the mandatory homework all by yourself and steering clear of the need to call a person’s resources team. The knowledge placed on websites helps you remain organized but not forget about to feature all of the crucial make contact with volumes.
An execllent strategy that can assist you get a job is web 2 . 0 with individuals that currently work with the field. You can join qualified institutions or multilevel groupings and say regarding career seek. Take into account that web 2 . is advantageous as it offers a superior an opportunity to speak to other people. Additionally, it lets you make new internet connections inside marketplace and it’s also probable the relationships can be very handy when you apply for jobs.
In case you have just about any queries regarding wherever along with how to employ, it is possible to e-mail us in the website.
Had you been serious about the material of the report, here are several far more pages with a similar articles:)Excel With Vista
At Vista, we pride ourselves on attracting and developing top talent across our firm and portfolio of companies. The Vista Frontier Fellows program creates career opportunities for exceptional undergraduate students who come from traditionally underrepresented backgrounds in private equity (Women, Black/African American, Hispanic/Latinx and/or American Indian). Fellows will participate in Vista’s leading private equity summer internship program, where they will learn, grow and gain hands-on transaction experience. Additionally, Fellows will be assigned a mentor, receive direct feedback and have an opportunity to participate in various networking, social and educational events. Selected Fellows will be awarded a scholarship of $25,000 at the close of the program and are eligible for full-time analyst opportunities.
Eligibility
- • Current students enrolled in an undergraduate program, with an expected graduation date between Winter 2022 – Spring 2023
- • Identify as Woman, Black/African American, Hispanic/Latinx and/or American Indian
- • Demonstrated track record of academic success and/or professional pursuits
- • Exceptional work ethic and a deep sense of accountability
- • Interested in pursuing a career in private equity and enterprise software investing
We are no longer accepting applications for our 2022 Vista Frontier Fellows program. Please click below to view all open positions.See Open PositionsDescription
Latin Name: Fraxinus Ornus
There’s a very long historical tradition of using European ash as a medicine. Its uses as a medicinal herb were already known by the Greek physician Hippocrates.
– The bark and leaves have been used traditionally as an herbal remedy for diarrhea.
– The substance fraxin found in the bark and the leaves has diuretic properties and may increase the excretion of uric acid.
– The bark and the leaves of the ash tree may act as a mild laxative due to the presence of mannitol and can, therefore, be used as an herbal remedy for constipation and to eliminate intestinal parasites.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Ding dong, the sub is dead
The second grader held his picture high enough for the whole class to see. “Look, Ms. Roy, here’s your heart falling out of your body!”
He seemed shocked that my response was simply, “It should be a little more red. And dripping.”
The lesson the teacher had left for me involved the question, “What if dinosaurs had never become extinct?” Part of the assignment involved drawing a picture of dinos taking over the school.
In both the pictures and essays, I was mutilated, maimed, crushed, and bitten in half. The students seemed to delight in any new variation on the theme of Death by Dino.
I’ll admit, I felt strange serving as antagonist. I’d substitute taught a time or two, serving at my daughters’ school when there’s a shortage. But generally I avoided becoming a stereotype — or a victim.
The boy elbowed his friend, who was also depicting my untimely demise by T-rex. “She doesn’t get mad no matter what we do to her!”
I’m happy to support creative energy, whatever form it takes. And if mangling their substitute is what gets them fired up about writing, then I’ll take it. I fed them fresh ideas. “What about my brains? Did they gush out?” One boy rapidly added a crunched skull to his art. “My hair’s longer than that,” I corrected.
As the students filed out for lunch, some felt chagrin. One girl grasped my waist as she passed by. “I’m sorry I killed you,” she said.
Even the boys begrudgingly admitted, “Ms. Roy, it’s probably a waste for you to get eaten.” As I sent them down to the cafeteria, I felt good about how the lesson had gone. I didn’t censor them, and they recognized the responsibility that came with freedom to write about what they chose.
Besides, as the line snaked down the hallway, they merrily began planning the death of the principal.After more than two decades of eluding the U.S. congress legislated ‘Jerusalem Embassy Act’ of 1995, with three separate American Presidents systematically signing waivers to postpone the relocation of the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem – citing security concerns; President Donald Trump’s decision to follow-through on his elections pledge has materialized today, with a festive inauguration ceremony at the U.S. Embassy in Jerusalem. During a first event at Israel’s Foreign Ministry in Jerusalem, marking the historic move, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu took the opportunity to once again voice Israel’s gratitude – declaring Trump’s decision as affirming a historic truth.
“President Trump is making history. We are deeply grateful and our people will be eternally grateful for his bold decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel’s capital and to move the embassy there.” /,” PM Benjamin Netanyahu said.
The Israeli leader further called on the international community to follow in the footsteps of the United States. Netanyahu claimed that an international recognition of Jerusalem would bring peace closer, as it will establish a foundation of truth, in which Jerusalem will remain Israel’s capital forever.
i PM Benjamin Netanyahu said.
Meanwhile, Trump administration officials still believe in their ability to promote the peace process despite Palestinian anger over the relocation of the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo was asked in an interview on Fox News whether the peace process was dead, to which he replied with a firm negative. The American top diplomat stressed “We are working hard on it and we hope we can achieve a successful outcome there as well.” US National Security Advisor John Bolton said in a different interview that the opening of the US embassy in the city in which the Palestinians also want to establish their capital would actually promote the peace process. He said that recognizing reality always enhances the chance for peace. US Ambassador to Israel David Friedman also believed that the mood among the Palestinians would change after they understand that the United States is continuing to extend its hand in peace.
Nevertheless, the chief adviser to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas rejected Washington’s optimism – emphasizing that the relocation of the U.S. embassy has “ended the role of the United States” as the ultimate peace mediator.
“What Mr. Trump has done is not a question of whether we like his ‘deal of the century’ or not, it’s not a question of whether give and take, if you give us a little bit more here we will allow you to take a little bit more there, No. It ended from our point of view the role of the United States as the broker, the owner of the peace process, which the United States have really done since 1991. And what we have really been pushed into is to try to build a new format for a peace process,” Chief Adviser to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas Nabil Sha’ath said.
Meanwhile, Israeli defense officials have voiced concern about an escalation on the country’s southern frontier with the Gaza Strip. Officials warned of exceptionally violent riots along the border fence of the Palestinian enclave in response to the opening of the U.S. embassy in Jerusalem today, protests that will reach an all-time-high tomorrow on Nakba Day, the day the Palestinians commemorate Israel’s Declaration of Independence as a day of catastrophe. According to assessments, approximately 100,000 Palestinians will participate in the tomorrow’s protests. The IDF blames Hamas for exploiting the demonstrations in order to carry out acts of terror under cover of the masses, to damage the fence infrastructure, and to carry out attacks inside Israeli territory. An IDF statement on the matter read: “Hamas has been dragging the public in the Gaza Strip into a violent event that is not in its best interests.”- Company profile
- LCD Display Modules
- Products
- Application
- Technical
- Knowledge
Character LCD up to 40x4 fromats
Taimates Electronics offers a wide range of monochrome LCD module or we call black & white display. Taimates Electronics character LCD module are available from 8x2, 12x2, 16x1, 16x2, 16x4, 20x2, 20x4, 24x2 to 40x4 formats with 5x8 dot matrix characters. The LCD panel technologies can be designed in TN, STN, FSTN, DFSTN, and also offered with different polarizer effect in Positive and Negative mode as well as different reflection types with Reflective, Transreflective, and Transmissive. The matching LED backlights are available in various color tones including Yellow-green, White, Blue, Green, Red, Amber and even RGB options.
In order to match different customers’ application requirement, the viewing angles of LCD can be offered with 6 o’clock, 12 o’clock, 3 o’clock and 9 o’clock. Taimates Electronics offers various driver IC options of character Font including English/Japanese, Western-European Language, Eastern-European Language, Nordic-European, Russian and etc. These character LCD modules can be used on the industrial and white goods applications such as electricity meters, measuring device, cash register, fax machine, home audio system, gaming machine, smart toys, intelligence cooker, and etc.
Graphic LCD up to 5.7” diagonal size
Taimates Electronics is a professional Graphic LCD module manufacturer. Our graphic LCD modules are available in dot matrix from 122x32, 128x64, 128x128, 128x160, 132x64, 240x64 , 240x160, 320x240. These graphic LCD module include the technology of TN, HTN, WTN, STN, FSTN, DSTN with the polarizers of Positive, Negative and different reflector options of Transflective, Reflective, and Transmissive. For the driving way, we offer difference interface such as I2C, SPI, and MPU available for customization choice. Especially for the STN/FSTN graphic displays can be widely used on industrial instrument and machinery equipments as well as other home electrical appliance, office equipment, industrial smart metering, small portable handheld device, cash register, card reader, remote controller and so on.
The clear choice for your custom LCD module
For any inquiry or technial questions, please contact us via our sales contact window:
Our Trusty PartnersOur Best ClientsOur Best ClientsOur Best ClientsOur Best ClientsOur Best ClientsOur Best ClientsOur Best ClientsOur Best ClientsOur Best ClientsOur Best ClientsOur Best ClientsOur Best ClientsTelmisartan in Respiratory Failure Due to COVID-19 (STAR-COVID)
- Study Details
- Tabular View
- No Results Posted
- Disclaimer
- How to Read a Study Record.
- Death [ Time Frame: Within 30 days ]Death is defined as all-cause mortality
- Mechanical ventilation [ Time Frame: Within 14 days ]Occurrence of mechanical ventilation
- Occurrence of acute kidney injury [ Time Frame: Within 14 days ]Defined as a 50% decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate relative to baseline, or decrease of >30 ml/min/1.73m2 and to a value below 60 ml/min/1.73m2
- Incidence of hypotension [ Time Frame: Within 14 days ]Incidence of episodes of blood pressure less than 90 mm Hg systolic or 60 mm Hg diastolic
- Incidence of hypotension requiring vasopressors [ Time Frame: Within 14 days ]Outcome reported as the number of participants in each arm requiring the use of vasopressors for hypotension
- Incidence of Sepsis [ Time Frame: Within 14 days 
- Hospital length of stay [ Time Frame: Within 14 days ]Hospital length of of age.
- Admitted to the Hospital Regional de Alta Especialidad de Zumpango.
- Confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection with either: positive laboratory test for SARS-CoV-2; or positive CT thorax diagnostic for SARS-CoV-2 infection according to the prevailing criteria.
- Hypoxic respiratory failure: SpO2 ≤94% on room OR tachypnea (respiratory rate ≥22 breaths/min).
Randomization:
- Within 24 hours of confirmed in-hospital SARS-CoV-2 infection diagnosis OR
- within 24 hours of hospital admission in case of pre-hospital confirmed SARS-CoV-2 infection.
- In case there is a lack of laboratory tests for SARS-CoV-2 in a potentially eligible patient, a positive laboratory test for SARS-CoV-2 will be no longer required. In that case, the potentially eligible patient needs to meet the prevailing criteria for the diagnosis of SARS-CoV-2 infection, such as typical abnormalities on pulmonary CT in the setting of high clinical suspicion of SARS-CoV-2 infection.
Exclusion Criteria:
- Admitted to ICU prior to randomization.
- Currently taking an an angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEi) or Angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB).
- Use of other investigational drugs at the time of enrollment
- Prior reaction or intolerance to an ARB; or severe intolerance to an ACEi, defined as angio-oedema requiring medical intervention.
- Systolic blood pressure < 105 mmHg or diastolic blood pressure <65mmHg.
- Potassium greater than 5.5 mEq/L within 4 weeks of study enrollment.
- Estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate (eGFR) of < 30ml/min/1.73 m2 within 4 weeks of study initiation.
- A known history of renal artery stenosis.
- AST and/or ALT > 3 times the upper limit of normal within 4 weeks of study enrollment.
- Severe liver dysfunction (Child-Pugh score C), biliary cirrhosis or cholestasis.
- Severe volume depletion or severe acute kidney injury.
- Inability to obtain informed consent.
- Pregnancy or breastfeeding.
To learn more about this study, you or your doctor may contact the study research staff using the contact information provided by the sponsor.
Please refer to this study by its ClinicalTrials.gov identifier (NCT number): NCT04510662- Research article
- Open Access
- Published:
Unified treatment algorithm for the management of crotaline snakebite in the United States: results of an evidence-informed consensus workshop
BMC Emergency Medicine volume 11, Article number: 2 (2011)
71k Accesses
115 Citations
38 Altmetric
-.
Background
Envenomation by pit vipers (family Viperidae, subfamily Crotalinae, genera Crotalus, Agkistrodon, and Sistrurus) is a dynamic and potentially serious medical condition. Approximately 9,000 patients are treated for snakebite and 5 die in the United States (US) each year [1, 2]. The use of antivenom is increasing over time. Forty-four percent of patients whose cases were reported to US poison centers in 2007 were treated with antivenom, a significant increase from 30% in 2000 [3]. The proportion of patients receiving antivenom varies more than 5-fold between states. Poison center data suggest a case-fatality rate among rattlesnake victims of approximately 1 death per 736 patients [4].
The clinical manifestations of crotaline envenomation vary considerably based on a complex interplay between the victim and the venom exposure. Some critical manifestations, such as airway involvement and anaphylaxis to venom, are so uncommon that few clinicians gain experience managing these findings. To our knowledge, all extant treatment algorithms were created by a single author or by a small group of authors with similar experience [5–8]. Many algorithms are specific for the treatment of subpopulations of crotaline victims, such as children or those envenomated in regions where copperhead snakes predominate. Few authors describe their methods for algorithm development, and many algorithms do not fully describe post-stabilization care. Significant variations in practice exist; two studies demonstrate that the proportion of snakebite victims who undergo fasciotomy is five times greater in an institution where snakebite victims are managed primarily by surgeons, compared to an institution where snakebite victims are admitted and managed primarily by medical toxicologists [9, 10]. Antivenom is expensive (current wholesale cost greatly exceeds US$1,000/vial) and associated with immunologic risk, and it is imperative for the physician to use this resource wisely. The objective of this project was to produce an evidence-informed unified treatment algorithm for pit viper snakebite management in the US, with the goal of reducing unnecessary variations in practice and improving outcomes for snake envenomation victims.
Methods
Because only one randomized clinical trial involving the treatment of crotaline snakebite with antivenom has ever been published, a formal meta-analysis could not be used for rule development [11]. A standardized evidence-based rule development process, such as that proposed by the GRADE working group, cannot be used to develop an algorithm because the clinical questions cannot be defined in advance. Therefore, using a trained external facilitator, we used structured methods to achieve an evidence-informed consensus among a diverse group of experts.
Two authors (EJL, RCD) recruited panel members based on their published envenomations research and clinical experience. In order to ensure a diversity of experience, panel members were chosen from across the regions of the US where crotaline envenomations are common, with no more than one panel member chosen from the same geographic area. A group size of nine experts was chosen to permit the required diversity of experience while keeping the consensus-building process manageable. One of the original panel members (SCC) had to withdraw from the process; he was replaced on the panel by a colleague from the same institution, but remained involved in the project as a non-voting participant and contributor. The nine panel members have extensive clinical experience managing crotaline snakebite in a variety of clinical settings (Table 1), and have published 57 peer-reviewed articles on the subject. One additional author (EJL) participated in the panel meeting but did not vote.
The consensus process was managed by a professional facilitator (David Kovick, JD, Consensus Building Institute, Cambridge, MA). Competing interests of all participants were disclosed prior to decision-making. One author (EJL) created an initial "straw man" draft algorithm, which was distributed to all panelists. The draft algorithm identified key decision points in the treatment process, posed questions about best treatment practices, and served as a starting point for discussion. Initial modifications to the "straw man" were processed using a modified Delphi methodology, through which panelists provided substantive feedback through the facilitator. The revised algorithm was presented to the panel in a 90-minute webinar, where facilitated discussion was used to identify initial areas of consensus and prioritize issues requiring further discussion. A second round of modified Delphi revisions was then completed. Final algorithm development took place during a 1.5-day in-person meeting held in Denver, Colorado, in May, 2010, which was governed by a structured consensus-building process. In resolving points of divergence among panel members, the panel relied upon published data (where available), supported by the collective experience of panel members. Consensus was defined as unanimous agreement of all panel members. After minor text revisions, the final algorithm was sent to panelists electronically for a conclusive vote.
In order to provide the panel members with a complete literature base, research staff performed a structured literature search to identify articles relevant to the treatment of crotaline snakebite in the United States, using the search strategy in Table 2. Two researchers reviewed the titles and abstracts of all articles to identify those which might contain original data about (a) the management of crotaline snakebite with the current (ovine Fab) antivenom or (b) the management of crotaline snakebite without antivenom. In the event of disagreement, the article was pulled and reviewed. Full text copies of the 42 articles containing original data relevant to the key questions identified in preliminary panel deliberations were obtained and provided for panel members' use during deliberations.
Recurrence of one or more venom effects (local pain and swelling and/or hematologic abnormalities such as coagulopathy and thrombocytopenia) following successful initial treatment with antivenom is a known problem in the management of venomous snakebite. Early issue identification revealed that prevention and treatment of these recurrence phenomena was a topic with some disagreement. Four data sources were utilized to inform the panel discussion of this issue. Statisticians reanalyzed raw data from databases created in the premarketing studies of the current antivenom to extract specific information about recurrence phenomena [11, 12]. The same statistical team reanalyzed raw data from databases created in a phase IV post-marketing study of Fab antivenom to extract specific information about recurrence phenomena [13]. The research team reviewed the results of the literature search to identify and summarize all articles containing data about recurrence phenomena. These three data sources were prepared into resource documents for the panel members. During the in-person meeting, two authors provided formal presentations. One panelist (AMR) analyzed and presented case-level data about recurrence phenomena observed at her center, while a second participant (EJL) presented a structured review of the literature related to recurrence phenomena. In addition, three panelists provided informal presentations. One panelist (SAS) presented an analysis of the prognostic significance of fibrin split products in the identification of patients at risk for late hematologic effects, while two other panelists (SPB and WB) presented data about recurrence phenomena at their centers.
Role of the funding source
This was an investigator-initiated project conceived, designed, and executed by two authors (EJL and RCD) and other Rocky Mountain Poison and Drug Center staff. The antivenom manufacturer provided funding support. Sponsor representatives were not present during the webinar or panel discussions. Sponsor representatives reviewed the final manuscript before publication for the sole purpose of identifying proprietary information. No modifications of the manuscript were requested by the manufacturer.
Results
Final unified treatment algorithm
The unified treatment algorithm is shown in Figure 1. The final version was endorsed unanimously. Specific considerations endorsed by the panelists are as follows:
Role of the unified treatment algorithm (general considerations and box 16)
This algorithm pertains to the treatment of human patients bitten by pit viper snakes (family Viperidae, subfamily Crotalinae) in the US, including the rattlesnakes (genus Crotalus), pygmy rattlesnakes (Sistrurus), and moccasin snakes (genus Agkistrodon). Within the Agkistrodon genus are the copperhead snakes (A. contortrix) and the water moccasin (cottonmouth) snake (A. piscivorus). This algorithm does not apply to treatment of patients bitten by coral snakes (family Elapidae), nor by snakes that are not indigenous to the US.
At the time this algorithm was developed, the only antivenom commercially available for the treatment of pit viper envenomation in the US is Crotalidae Polyvalent Immune Fab (ovine) (CroFab®, Protherics, Nashville, TN). All treatment recommendations and dosing apply to this antivenom. This algorithm does not consider treatment with whole IgG antivenom (Antivenin (Crotalidae) Polyvalent, equine origin (Wyeth-Ayerst, Marietta, Pennsylvania, USA)), because production of that antivenom has been discontinued and all extant lots have expired. This antivenom also does not consider treatment with other antivenom products under development. Because the panel members are all hospital-based physicians, the panel did not evaluate field first aid or other prehospital therapy.
In order to create an algorithm that was simple enough to be used effectively, the panel decided not to include specific recommendations for the management of certain rare manifestations of crotaline snakebite. These included snakebites to the head and neck, snakebites causing rhabdomyolysis, and apparent anaphylactic or anaphylactoid reactions to venom. In addition the panel recognized that no treatment algorithm could provide ideal advice for all situations or serve as a substitute for clinical judgment. Legitimate variations in practice will always exist, and care may appropriately vary based on several factors, including patient presentation, available treatment resources, patient comorbidities, and patient preference. The panel explicitly determined that the consensus treatment algorithm is not a standard of care.
Patient assessment and initial management (box 1)
The initial approach to management of a patient with suspected pit viper snake envenomation begins with history, physical examination, and measurement of vital signs. Palpation of the envenomated area and marking the leading edge of swelling and tenderness every 15 - 30 minutes is a useful way to determine whether local tissue effects have stabilized or are progressing [7]. Although not evidence based, the panel recommends immobilization and elevation of the envenomated extremity to reduce swelling. In order to avoid obstructing lymphatic outflow, speed resolution of swelling, and possibly reduce the risk of blister formation in flexor creases, major joints such as the elbow should be maintained in relative extension (≤ 45 degrees of flexion).
Opioids are preferred over non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) because of the theoretical risk of bleeding associated with NSAID use in patients who may develop coagulopathy or thrombocytopenia due to envenomation. Although Clostridium tetani infection has not been reported following crotaline snakebite, it has occurred following envenomation by other vipers [14, 15]. Standard recommendations for tetanus booster immunization (DTaP, Tdap, or Td as appropriate for the patient's age) should be followed [16].
Notification of a certified poison center is recommended for all cases of snake envenomation, for two reasons. First, poison center personnel can identify situations where use of this algorithm may be inappropriate, and can provide treatment recommendations based on local snake species and medical treatment resources. Second, certified poison centers provide de-identified data to the National Poison Data System, which is used by public health professionals and policy-makers. In the US, access to a certified poison center can be made through a single, toll-free number: 1-800-222-1222.
Signs of crotaline envenomation (box 2)
Approximately 80% of pit viper bites result in the injection of venom [17, 18]. Pit viper venom is a complex mixture of proteins and other macromolecules, with more than 50 identified components. The clinical effects produced by envenomation can be broadly classified into three groups. Local tissue effects include soft tissue necrosis and chemically mediated inflammation. A number of venom components, including myotoxic phospholipases A2 such as crotoxin, venom metalloproteinases that activate tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-α), myotoxin a, hyaluronidase, phosphomonoesterase, phosphodiesterase, arginine ester hydrolase, and histamine- and bradykinin-like factors, cause direct tissue injury and produce a broad cytokine response in the victim [7, 19–22]. Clinically, these effects are evident as pain, redness, swelling, tenderness, and myonecrosis that begin adjacent to the bite site and spread with movement of the venom through the lymphatic system. More than 90% of envenomated pit viper victims develop local tissue effects [7]. Hematologic venom effects include fibrinogen degradation and platelet aggregation and destruction [23, 24]. On a laboratory basis, these are manifest by decreased fibrinogen levels, elevated prothrombin time, and thrombocytopenia. Detection of fibrin split products may be an early sign of a hematologic venom effect, and is a sensitive predictor of subsequent coagulopathy. In prospective studies, the presence of fibrin split products within the first 12 hours of treatment predicted subsequent hypofibrinogenemia with 87% sensitivity and 69% specificity [25]. In some patients, elevated fibrin split products were the only early signs of developing hypofibrinogenemia. Clinically, oozing of blood from the bite site and ecchymosis of the surrounding tissue are common. Systemic bleeding may manifest as nuisance bleeding, such as gingival bleeding or haemolacria, or more serious bleeding, such as significant epistaxis, gastrointestinal bleeding, or intracranial hemorrhage. Even among the population with severe defibrination or thrombocytopenia, most patients do not develop medically significant bleeding [26]. However, severe and fatal bleeding complications have been reported [27–31]. Systemic venom effects include hypotension from direct cardiovascular toxicity, third-spacing and vasodilatation, nausea and vomiting, angioedema, and neurotoxicity. Many pit vipers envenomations can cause patients to experience a metallic taste and localized neuromuscular effects (fasciculation and myokymia). Severe systemic neurotoxicity induced by Mojave toxin A, including cranial neuropathy and flaccid paralysis, are frequent manifestations from Mojave rattlesnake (Crotalus scutulatus) and Southern Pacific rattlesnake (C. helleri) envenomation, but have been rarely reported following envenomation by other US rattlesnake species [32–34]. Even resources include a grading scale for crotaline envenomation. The reliability and validity of these scales have not been established. Furthermore, because snake antivenom from patients with limb envenomations who have localized pain and swelling as the only manifestation of envenomation, provided that these local tissue.
Because hematologic venom effects can progress over time, all patients seen early after envenomation with significantly abnormal prothrombin time, fibrinogen, and/or platelet count caused by envenomation should receive antivenom. Patients with hypotension, systemic bleeding, or other systemic venom effects should receive antivenom emergently. Any degree of true neurotoxicity, including localized fasciculations or myokymia, is an indication for antivenom administration. Some patients may present with symptoms attributable to anxiety; in the absence of signs of progressive envenomation, these patients can be reassured and observed.
Antivenom administration (box 4)
Antivenom dosing is titrated to clinical response. The targeted clinical response is often termed, "initial control of the envenomation syndrome," and consists of arrest of the progression of local tissue venom effects, a clear trend toward improvement in any hematologic venom effects, and resolution of all systemic venom effects (excluding fasciculations or myokymia, which may be refractory to antivenom [7, 11]. An initial dose of 4 to 6 vials was chosen for the premarketing trials because of equivalent binding capacity to then-standard doses of equine antivenom and was shown to be effective in two premarketing studies [11, 12]. Subsequent experience has shown that most victims of rattlesnake envenomation achieve initial control with one or two such doses, while most copperhead snake victims can be successfully treated with a single 4-vial dose [39, 40]. Very few patients continue to experience progressive venom effects after 18 vials of antivenom [36, 41]. However, with the exception of a single case report, patients who did not achieve initial control after 20 vials of antivenom do not respond to subsequent doses [26, 29, 30, 36]. Panel members noted that inexperienced health care providers sometimes use large doses of antivenom in an attempt to treat clinical effects that did not respond to therapy, but could be safely observed. The reason for limiting initial dosing to 4 to 6 vials is primarily cost, but also the theoretical increased risk of serum sickness with larger protein loads. Initial control doses of less than 4 vials have not been well studied.
Antivenom should be administered via intravenous infusion. In animal studies, the combination of subcutaneous and intravenous administration of antivenom was no better than intravenous administration alone[42].
Skin testing is not necessary or recommended prior to administration of the current antivenom [7, 43]. In addition to cleavage and removal of the immunogenic Fc portion of the immunoglobulin molecule, the currently available antivenom undergoes column affinity purification. Symptoms of acute anaphylactoid reactions, such as pruritus, urticaria, or wheezing occur in approximately 6% of patients [37, 44]. Most cases are mild and do not preclude continued administration of antivenom. However, severe acute allergic reactions, including reactions involving airway compromise, have been described [37, 45]. As a result, the panel recommends that the first dose of antivenom be administered in a clinical setting, such as an emergency department or intensive care unit, where the medications, equipment, and skilled personnel required to manage an airway emergency are immediately available. If there is no acute reaction to initial dosing, subsequent doses of antivenom can be administered in a less monitored setting, such as a hospital ward. Management of allergic effects is discussed below.
The panel recommended increasing the initial dose of antivenom to 8 to 12 vials in patients who present with immediately life-threatening venom effects, such as shock or serious active bleeding. In a large Phase IV study of severely envenomated pit viper victims (approximately 13% of the patients who were treated with antivenom), 69% of patients required more than one dose of antivenom to achieve initial control [37]. The median dose of antivenom used to achieve initial control in this population was 9 vials (interquartile range: 6 to 15 vials). Additionally, bites by large rattlesnakes are associated with more severe envenomation that requires administration of higher doses of antivenom [46]. In the presence of immediately life-threatening venom effects, the panel believed that the benefit of more rapid control of hypotension and bleeding expected with an aggressive dosing strategy exceeded the benefit that could be gained by administration of a more typical 4 to 6 vial antivenom dose in patients. Although this practice is common among the panel members, it has not been empirically studied.
The panel recommends routine administration of intravenous crystalloid solution to any pit viper victim who requires antivenom. Venom causes vasodilatation and capillary leakage, leading to relative volume depletion, and antivenom infusion can cause histamine release. Although the standard dilution of antivenom is one dose (4 - 6 vials) in 250 ml normal saline, some panelists choose large volumes of dilution (1000 ml) in patients for whom there is no contraindication. In general, each dose of antivenom is infused over one hour. Faster infusion may be preferred for critically ill patients who are in shock or actively hemorrhaging. Some panelists start antivenom administration at a slow initial rate (e.g. 25 ml/hr for 10 minutes), followed by an increased infusion rate (balance of dose administered over 50 minutes) if no acute hypersensitivity reaction is observed, while others prefer a single infusion rate strategy to reduce medical errors. In the absence of data, the panel did not make an infusion rate recommendation. Although routine pre-treatment with antihistamines is not generally recommended, some panelists do so as a matter of clinical routine. No evidence bears on this practice.
Because antivenom is intended to neutralize the dose of injected venom, the pediatric dose of antivenom is the same as the adult dose. Although this hypothesis has not been critically tested, it is consistent with observation in pediatric case series [47, 48].
Assessment for initial control of the envenomation syndrome (boxes 5 and 11)
Approximately half of antivenom-treated patients require more than one dose of antivenom to achieve initial control [11]. Therefore, the treating physician should examine the patient and repeat indicated laboratory studies soon after antivenom is administered to evaluate for treatment response. Because fibrinogen and platelet levels change rapidly after antivenom administration, coagulation studies and platelet counts should be rechecked within one hour of antivenom dosing. If initial control of the envenomation syndrome is achieved, the patient can be observed, either as an inpatient or in a clinical observation unit, to make certain that this clinical response is maintained. If the first dose of antivenom does not succeed in producing initial control, the initial dose should be repeated. Failure to achieve initial control after two doses of antivenom is uncommon. In a large retrospective study, only 17% of rattlesnake victims and 2% of Agkistrodon (copperhead and water moccasin) victims required more than 12 vials of antivenom to achieve initial control, and the presence of thrombocytopenia and neurologic venom effects prior to antivenom therapy were independently associated with the difficulty achieving initial control [41, 49]. Consultation with a physician, clinical toxicologist, or other expert who has specific training and expertise in the management of venomous snakebite is recommended in this and other high-risk clinical situations. Information about how to reach such an expert can be found on the algorithm (box 12), or below.
Post-stabilization monitoring and administration of maintenance therapy (boxes 6 and 13)
Snake envenomation is a dynamic clinical process. Although clinical improvement virtually always follows administration of adequate antivenom doses, recurrence or delayed-onset of one or more venom effects occurs in approximately half of patients treated with Fab antivenom [11]. Serial physician examinations and laboratory studies are necessary to detect recurrent or delayed-onset venom effects. When it occurs, local tissue recurrence typically develops within 6 to 36 hours of initial control. Recurrent local tissue effects are clinically evident to the patient and generally respond well to re-treatment with antivenom. The onset of recurrent or delayed-onset hematologic venom effects is much more variable, with most cases occurring 2 - 7 days after initial control and some cases up to 10 days after initial control [25, 36]. When antivenom is administered to treat recurrent coagulopathy or thrombocytopenia, the treatment response is generally attenuated compared with the response to initial antivenom therapy [26, 28, 30, 31, 50–52]. Hematologic venom effects are most often clinically occult; few patients experience medically significant bleeding even in the setting of profound defibrination or thrombocytopenia [26].
The ideal duration of hospitalization and frequency of follow-up observations and laboratory studies is unknown. After the first 24 hours, the marginal benefit of continued hospitalization appears to be small, and follow-up monitoring in the outpatient setting is appropriate for most patients. The panel recommends that patients be observed in the hospital for 18 - 24 hours following initial control of the envenomation syndrome, with serial examinations performed approximately every 6 - 8 hours during this interval. The panel recommends that most patients have laboratory studies (protime, hemoglobin, platelet count, and fibrinogen level) measured twice prior to discharge: once 6 - 12 hours after initial control, which appears to be the time at which the risk of recurrent hematologic venom effects is greatest, and again prior to discharge [25]. Unfavourable trends in protime, fibrinogen, or platelet counts should prompt additional testing. Because only 5 - 10% of copperhead envenomation victims develop hematologic venom effects at any time, it is reasonable to forego one set of follow-up lab tests in those copperhead victims who have never manifest coagulopathy, thrombocytopenia, or systemic bleeding [40].
In the current FDA-approved prescribing information, the manufacturer of antivenom recommends administration of additional 2-vial doses of antivenom given 6, 12, and 18 hours after initial control is achieved [43]. In a randomized clinical trial, this practice reduced the proportion of patients with recurrent local tissue effects from 8/16 (50%) to 0/15 (0%) [11]. However, cases of recurrent local tissue effects developing in maintenance-treated patients have been reported [26, 39, 40, 47]. The cost-effectiveness of maintenance therapy is unclear; in a randomized clinical trial, patients randomized to receive maintenance therapy and patients randomized to receive additional antivenom administered as needed to treat recurrent swelling received the same median number of antivenom vials [11]. The extent to which maintenance therapy reduces the risk of recurrent and delayed-onset hemorrhagic venom effects is not precisely known. Results of the antivenom phase III premarketing trial appeared to show a reduction in the incidence rate of recurrent hematologic venom effects in patients who received maintenance therapy. In that trial, recurrent thrombocytopenia was noted in 2/14 (14%) patients who received maintenance antivenom therapy, compared with 9/16 (56%) patients who did not receive maintenance therapy [43]. In the same study, recurrent hypofibrinogenemia was noted in 2/14 (14%) of patients receiving maintenance therapy and 7/16 (44%) of those who did not receive maintenance. Small sample size and the large proportion of patients in the no-maintenance group who received rescue therapy due to recurrent local tissue effects makes any estimate of the effect of maintenance antivenom therapy difficult to interpret. Furthermore, the baseline risk of hematologic venom effects varies approximately 10-fold based on the envenomating species and the initial severity of the envenomation, with rattlesnake victims and patients with high initial clinical severity apparently at the greatest risk [26, 36, 40]. In a recent case series from central Arizona, 32% of patients developed new or recurrent hematologic abnormalities after initial control [31]. Finally, the panelists noted that the safety of a "watchful waiting" strategy is wholly dependent on the quality and frequency of follow-up observations, which may vary depending on local hospital resources and staffing patterns.
In light of the above information, the practice of administering maintenance antivenom therapy is controversial. Historically, some centers recommend maintenance therapy universally, while others do so in the minority of cases [26, 39, 40]. Given the wide variation in clinical practice patterns the panelists concluded that a "one size fits all" or simplified decision rule was inappropriate for the question of whether to administer maintenance therapy. The panel recommended consultation with a regional poison center or local snakebite treatment expert to assist in the determination of whether to give maintenance antivenom therapy.
Management of patients with apparent dry bites or minor envenomations (boxes 9 and 10)
Approximately 20 - 25% of crotaline snakebites are "dry"; no venom effects develop [18]. Although the majority of patients with apparent dry bites have not been envenomated, some patients who initially present with a wound but no other signs of envenomation (i.e. no swelling, ecchymosis, vesicle formation, or hematologic or systemic venom effects) develop signs of envenomation after a latent period of minutes to hours [53]. In addition, some patients present with apparent minor venom effects (ecchymosis, swelling, and/or vesicles limited to the immediate area of the bite site without systemic venom effects). All panel members reported having treated patients who presented in this manner and subsequently developed significant progressive signs of envenomation. To our knowledge, there are no data to describe the typical time course or define a "safe" period of observation after which the risk of delayed-onset venom effects is minimal, although the best available evidence suggests that 6 hours is not long enough in many cases [53]. Cost-benefit implications are largely unknown. The panel members recommended that, in general, patients with apparent non-envenomation be observed in a health care facility for at least 8 hours, with repeat platelet count, prothrombin time, fibrinogen, and hemoglobin measurement prior to discharge. Anecdotal evidence suggests some patients, such as children and those with lower extremity envenomations, may develop significant tissue effects more than 8 hours after an apparent dry bite, and therefore may require longer observation. Patients with apparently minor envenomation and no evidence of progression should be observed longer, in the range of 12 - 24 hours. These observation periods might be appropriately shortened or prolonged based on a number of factors, including the age and general health of the patient, bite location, envenomating species, social support available to the patient, patient preference, and ability of the treating facility to provide efficient and cost-effective observation services.(Figure 2) Patients who develop no venom effects during the observation period should be discharged with instructions to return promptly if signs of envenomation develop or progress.
Discharge criteria and post-discharge management (boxes 7, 8, and 14)
Patients who have had no further progression of venom effects during an appropriate period of observation may be discharged when certain criteria are met. As with any patient going home from the hospital, the patient must be able to perform activities of daily living unassisted or with the assistance available in the home, have adequate pain control on oral medications, and have no other outstanding medical issues requiring hospital care. In addition, the patient should not have any unfavorable trends in protime, fibrinogen levels, or platelet counts, since deterioration in one or more of these parameters may be an early sign of recurrent or delayed-onset hematologic venom effects.
Following discharge, patients should be instructed to maintain limb elevation as much as possible to speed resolution of swelling. Progressive swelling that does not improve with elevation or signs of abnormal bleeding, such as gingival bleeding, easy bruising, or melena, may be the hallmark of recurrent hematologic venom effects, and should lead to prompt re-evaluation.
Serum sickness, a type III hypersensitivity reaction caused by administration of exogenous proteins, is a known complication of antivenom therapy. In prospective studies, approximately 5 - 10% of patients treated with ovine Fab antivenom develop signs of serum sickness, such as fever, rash, myalgias, and arthralgias [44]. Serum sickness following Fab antivenom administration is generally mild and responds well to treatment with oral antihistamines and corticosteroids. At the time of discharge, patients should be instructed about the symptoms of serum sickness and given directions regarding follow-up care should serum sickness develop.
Few data exist to inform the number and timing of follow-up visits. In general, the panel felt that mandatory follow-up visits were not needed for patients who had minimal envenomation and did not require antivenom administration. Similarly, because the risk of late hematologic venom effects is small, routine follow-up of patients with uncomplicated copperhead snake envenomations who did not develop hematologic venom effects during hospitalization is unlikely to provide clinical benefit to a patient. On the other hand, patients with rattlesnake envenomations and those who demonstrated hematologic venom effects during the acute phase of therapy are at high risk for late hematologic venom effects that most often occur 2 - 7 days after antivenom therapy [25–30, 51, 54, 55]. Follow-up visits with laboratory testing are therefore recommended 2 - 3 days and 5 - 7 days after discharge, with additional visits as needed based on signs, symptoms, and laboratory trends.
High risk situations requiring expert consultation (box 12)
Of the crotaline victims treated with antivenom, approximately 13% develop severe envenomation [37]. Clinicians who practice outside of referral centers that see a large volume of snakebite patients rarely have the opportunity to develop a large base of experience treating critically envenomated patients. For this reason, the panel identified certain high-risk clinical situations in which consultation with a physician who has specific training and expertise in the management of crotaline snakebite is strongly encouraged. In institutions where bedside consultation is available, bedside consultation should be sought. In the remainder of institutions, telephone consultation, facilitated by a regional poison center, is recommended. Even if local practice calls for transfer of patients from the presenting facility to a tertiary care center, early consultation with a physician-expert (or, alternatively, a pharmacologist or clinical toxicologist with specific training and expertise in snakebite management) is recommended to ensure that early interventions are ideal and all appropriate preparations are made at the receiving facility.
Patients with life-threatening envenomation
Frank hypotension, active hemorrhage, and airway edema are uncommon but life-threatening manifestations of crotaline snakebite [37]. Evidence supports a benefit from antivenom therapy in the former two situations, while the use of antivenom combined with active airway management is recommended for the latter situation based on case reports [26, 36, 37, 56]. For the reasons previously described, the panel recommended a larger initial dose of antivenom for patients with shock or active hemorrhage due to snakebite. Only 1% of snake envenomations involve the head or neck, but the experience of panel members suggests a high risk of subsequent loss of airway. This situation is considered analogous to thermal airway burns, in which early endotracheal intubation may prevent the need for surgical airway placement and its attendant complications.
Difficult to control envenomations
Even in a severely envenomated cohort, initial control of the envenomation syndrome can be achieved with one or two doses of antivenom in most patients [37]. Case reports of refractory neurotoxicity and hematologic toxicity exist, but the available evidence do not define a point at which further administration of antivenom is likely to be futile [26, 33, 37, 50]. In addition to assisting with cost-benefit estimation, a physician-expert may be able to identify secondary complications (e.g. rhabdomyolysis from persistent myokymia) that require additional interventions. Consultation with a physician-expert is recommended in cases where initial control of the envenomation syndrome has not been achieved following two doses of antivenom.
Recurrent or delayed-onset of venom effects
As described above, the management of recurrent or delayed-onset hematologic venom effects is controversial. Most patients tolerate hematologic venom effects well, but several serious cases and one fatality have been described [27]. Compared to the initial treatment response, the response to repeat antivenom dosing is often attenuated and may be transient [26, 28, 50, 52]. While guidelines exist, there is no settled clinical decision rule for which patients require retreatment, and estimates of which patients are at highest risk are largely derived from experience with other diseases [57]. Although the risk to the patient of additional antivenom dosing appears to be minimal, cost-benefit considerations are significant, particularly when re-hospitalization is required. For these reasons, the panel recommends direct consultation with a physician-expert to assist in management of these patients.
Allergic reactions to antivenom
Signs of immediate hypersensitivity to antivenom are observed in 5 - 6% of patients treated with ovine Fab antivenom [37, 44]. Although most of these reactions are relatively minor and do not preclude antivenom therapy, some are severe. As described above, the initial management of a hypersensitivity reaction is straightforward: halt the antivenom infusion and administer antihistamines, corticosteroids, and fluids as needed until signs of hypersensitivity have resolved. Epinephrine may be required for severe reactions. At this point, the decision to resume or discontinue antivenom therapy involves a complex balancing of risk and benefit that the panel could not reduce to an algorithm. Because few clinicians have the opportunity to gain experience with this uncommon clinical scenario, consultation with an expert clinician is recommended.
Hematologic venom effects when transfusion is considered
Thrombin-like enzymes in crotaline venom incompletely cleave fibrinogen, leading to the formation of an unstable fibrin clot that is not cross-linked [23, 58]. The mechanism that underlies venom-induced thrombocytopenia is less well-understood; venom-induced injury to platelet cell membranes and endothelial activation caused by microvascular damage have been proposed [24, 58, 59]. Transfusion alone can produce transient improvement in coagulation parameters and platelet counts, but rarely has a sustained effect unless adequate doses of antivenom have also been administered. Aggressive antivenom administration should always precede fresh frozen plasma, cryoprecipitate, or platelet transfusion if antivenom is available. Transfusion is indicated for cases in which medically significant bleeding is occurring. Whether administration of additional antivenom and transfusion are appropriate for patients who are not actively bleeding but who have profound coagulopathy, profound thrombocytopenia, or multicomponent hematological venom effects (both thrombocytopenia and defibrinogenation) remains unclear [60]. Although most patients tolerate hematological venom effects without incident, severe or fatal bleeding events have occurred [27–31]. Transfusion also has associated cost and risks. Consultation prior to transfusion is recommended, when possible, to maximize the utility of transfusion and reduce unnecessary use of blood products.
Rhabdomyolysis
Although crotaline venom is directly myotoxic, clinically severe rhabdomyolysis is uncommon in the United States [61]. Although routine creatine kinase measurement is not recommended, specific patients, such as those with severe local tissue injury and/or prolonged systemic neurotoxicity can develop rhabdomyolysis. Consultation with a physician-expert is recommended in these cases.
Suspected compartment syndrome
Crotaline snakebite can produce pain, swelling, induration, paresthesias, color changes (e.g. bluish discoloration from bruising), difficult-to-palpate pulses, and tenderness in the envenomated extremity, mimicking the initial signs of compartment syndrome. However, true compartment syndrome is much less common, and a prospective observational study in humans showed that most rattlesnake victims have greater blood flow in the envenomated than in the non-envenomated limb [62]. Animal research and human experience demonstrate that antivenom administration reduces compartment pressures, and surgical groups who used to perform fasciotomy frequently now acknowledge that antivenom administration often precludes the need for fasciotomy [9, 40, 63, 64]. In one large case series of patients treated in a tertiary referral center, only 8/236 (3.4%) of patients received a fasciotomy or digital dermotomy [10]. Measurement of compartment pressure prior to consideration of fasciotomy is recommended. Compartment pressure measurement may not be feasible in cases of digital envenomation. Consultation with a physician-expert is recommended whenever compartment syndrome is suspected and prior to any fasciotomy or digit dermotomy.
Venom-induced hives and angioedema
Anaphylactic and anaphylactoid reactions to venom are uncommon manifestations of snakebite which can range in severity from urticarial rash to multisystem organ failure and angioedema causing airway loss [65]. At least 2 deaths have been reported [66, 67]. Although standard therapy includes antihistamines, steroids, epinephrine, and antivenom, the ideal management of this condition is unknown. Because these patients are often critically ill and require aggressive, multimodal therapy, panel members recommended expert consultation.
Complicated wound issues
Crotaline envenomation causes local tissue necrosis by a variety of mechanisms, some of which are not reversible with antivenom therapy [68]. Although venom-induced inflammation often mimics infection, true bacterial cellulitis is uncommon, affecting approximately 3% of snakebite patients [69]. Rarely, severe infections have been reported [70]. Confusion about whether an envenomated extremity is inflamed or infected may lead to unnecessary medical care, including intravenous antibiotics and prolonged hospitalization [71]. Decisions about debridement and tissue grafting may also be complex. Consultation with an expert who has experience managing envenomated wounds may improve these decisions.
Treatments to avoid in pit viper snakebite (box 15)
The panel recommends against several therapies that are commonly utilized to treat crotaline envenomation, but which are ineffective, unnecessary, or harmful. Wound incision and suction does not remove meaningful amounts of venom and can worsen local tissue injury [72, 73]. Although little evidence exists to condemn the topical application of ice, this measure appears to be ineffective [74]. More aggressive forms of cryotherapy, such as ice water immersion, have been associated with severe iatrogenic tissue injury [75]. Although this issue has not been subjected to study, panel members recommended avoiding the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) because of the theoretical harm associated with the platelet dysfunction caused by NSAIDs in a potentially thrombocytopenic patient. Prophylactic antibiotics, prophylactic fasciotomy, and the routine use of blood products should be avoided for the reasons discussed above. Application of electrical current from a spark plug or hand-held "stun gun" has been recommended for therapy based on anecdotal experience from a missionary physician in Ecuador[76]. Subsequent animal research and human experience have shown this practice to be ineffective and associated with significant tissue injury [77–81]. There is a paucity of data about the role of corticosteroids in crotaline snakebite. Based on unpublished experience and controlled trial data from the United States showing that corticosteroids do not improve outcome in old world viper (family Viperidae, subfamily Viperidae) envenomation, administration of corticosteroids is reserved for treatment of hypersensitivity phenomena [82, 83].
Although data from envenomations by snakes native to the United States are lacking, arterial tourniquet application is ineffective and sometimes associated with apparent harm when used to treat South American crotaline snakes [84]. Although pressure immobilization has a confirmed role in the management of highly neurotoxic elapid snake envenomations, its role in crotaline envenomation is unclear. In porcine models of severe western diamondback rattlesnake envenomation, pressure immobilization prolonged survival, with varying effects on local tissue injury [85, 86]. Similarly, lymphatic constricting bands reduce the absorption of venom into the systemic circulation in animal models, but whether this strategy is more likely to improve or worsen overall outcomes is unknown [87]. Neither pressure immobilization nor use of lymphatic constricting bands is recommended.
Discussion
Management of a simple case of crotaline snakebite involves many clinical decisions. Clinical trials in this area are challenging to conduct. To our knowledge, only five clinical trials of crotaline snakebite have been performed. One of these was randomized [11]. A second randomized trial was attempted, but terminated early due to low enrollment [88]. A third identified trial was non-randomized [12]. Finally, two trials were identified involving an antivenom product that is not currently licensed in the US. One of these trials has been completed, but results have only been published in preliminary form [89]. The other is ongoing [90].
In situations where high quality evidence does not exist, clinical recommendations can be primarily influenced by factors other than the results of clinical trials. These factors include uncertainty in the estimates of likely benefit, risk, inconvenience, and cost of therapy, and varying values of clinicians and patients [91]. Available techniques for evidence-based decision-making do not provide tools for dealing with regional variations in disease characteristics, differences in treatment resources available at different centers, or situations in which the amount of unpublished experience equals or exceeds the amount of data in the peer-reviewed literature. By definition, evidence-based hypothesis testing cannot begin until each specific clinical question is defined; this creates a circular problem when creating complex, highly-branched treatment algorithms. For these reasons, we believed that an evidence-informed structured consensus process would produce a final result that was more useful to clinicians and patients than a formal evidence-based medicine approach. Notwithstanding these limitations, it is possible to describe these treatment recommendations in GRADE terms [91]. The decision to give antivenom to patients with limb-threatening envenomation or severe systemic effects is a strong recommendation based on moderate quality evidence; despite the lack of placebo-controlled trials, concordant results of a large number of observational studies and animal experiments make it clear that the benefits of therapy outweigh the associated risks and burdens. All other recommendations are weak recommendations based on very low quality evidence.
This process, and its output, have limitations. Although we took care to minimize the introduction of commercial bias through conflict-of-interest disclosure, exclusion of the project sponsor from the decision-making process, diversity of panel membership, use of a trained facilitator, and structured decision-making methods, we cannot exclude the possibility that prior relationships between project participants and the manufacturer of antivenom may have influenced the opinions and practice patterns of panel members. These concerns may be mitigated somewhat by the observation that, although the treatment algorithm contained here is more comprehensive than recently published treatment guidance from unrelated authors, the indications for antivenom are essentially similar [9, 92, 93].
Rather than rely solely on expert opinion, we utilized several strategies to inform the decision-making process. We performed a comprehensive literature review and made all publications containing original data available at the time of panel deliberations. In addition, we utilized our gap analysis to identify data needs and develop information targeted to those needs. To this end, we performed focused analysis of line-level data collected in the phase II and III clinical trials, a phase IV database created by the antivenom manufacturer, and a separate prospectively-collected database from a high-volume snakebite treatment center. Whenever the above methods did not produce clear data to inform a treatment decision, we explicitly acknowledged this limitation in the manuscript.
Conclusions
Venomous snakebite is a complex and dynamic clinical entity that is characterized by a wide variation in clinical effects and response to therapy. Using a structured, evidence-informed decision-making process, we provide treatment guidelines that may reduce unnecessary variation in care and improve clinical outcomes.
References
- 1.
O'Neil ME, Mack KA, Gilchrist J, Wozniak EJ: Snakebite injuries treated in United States emergency departments, 2001-2004. Wilderness Environ Med. 2007, 18 (4): 281-287.
- 2.
Langley R: Animal-related fatalities in the United States - an update. Wilderness Environ Med. 2005, 16: 67-74. 10.1580/1080-6032(2005)16[67:AFITUS]2.0.CO;2.
- 3.
Spiller HA, Bosse GM, Ryan ML: Use of antivenom for snakebites reported to United States poison centers. Am J Emerg Med. 2010,
- 4.
Walter FG, Stolz U, Shirazi F, McNally J, Walter FG, Stolz U, Shirazi F, McNally J: Epidemiology of severe and fatal rattlesnake bites published in the American Association of Poison Control Centers' Annual Reports. Clin Toxicol. 2009, 47 (7): 663-669. 10.1080/15563650903113701.
- 5.
Goto CS, Feng SY: Crotalidae polyvalent immune Fab for the treatment of pediatric crotaline envenomation. Pediatr Emerg Care. 2009, 25 (4): 273-279. 10.1097/PEC.0b013e31819f1f1e.
- 6.
Campbell BT, Corsi JM, Boneti C, Jackson RJ, Smith SD, Kokoska ER: Pediatric snakebites: lessons learned from 114 cases. J Pediatr Surg. 2008, 43 (7): 1338-41. 10.1016/j.jpedsurg.2007.11.011.
- 7.
Gold BS, Dart RC, Barish RA: Bites of venomous snakes. N Engl J Med. 2002, 347 (5): 347-356. 10.1056/NEJMra013477.
- 8.
Dart RC: Can steel heal a compartment syndrome caused by rattlesnake venom?. Ann Emerg Med. 2004, 44 (2): 105-107. 10.1016/j.annemergmed.2004.03.013.
- 9.
Corneille MG, Larson S, Stewart RM, Dent D, Myers JG, Lopez PP, McFarland MJ, Cohn SM: A large single-center experience with treatment of patients with crotalid envenomations: outcomes with and evolution of antivenin therapy. Am J Surg. 2006, 192 (6): 848-852. 10.1016/j.amjsurg.2006.08.056.
- 10.
Tanen D, Ruha A, Graeme K, Curry S: Epidemiology and hospital course of rattlesnake envenomations cared for at a tertiary referral center in central Arizona. Acad Emerg Med. 2001, 8 (2): 177-182. 10.1111/j.1553-2712.2001.tb01284.x.
- 11.
Dart RC, Seifert SA, Boyer LV, Clark RF, Hall E, McKinney P, McNally J, Kitchens CS, Curry SC, Bogdan GM, et al: A randomized multicenter trial of Crotalinae polyvalent immune Fab (ovine) antivenom for the treatment for crotaline snakebite in the United States. Arch Intern Med. 2001, 161 (16): 2030-2036. 10.1001/archinte.161.16.2030.
- 12.
Dart RC, Seifert SA, Carroll L, Clark RF, Hall E, Boyer-Hassen LV, Curry SC, Kitchens CS, Garcia RA: Affinity-purified, mixed monospecific crotalid antivenom ovine Fab for the treatment of crotalid venom poisoning. Ann Emerg Med. 1997, 30 (1): 33-39. 10.1016/S0196-0644(97)70107-0.
- 13.
Stanford CF, Bebarta VS, Holstege CP, Bush SP, Richardson WH, Olsen D, Dart RC: Is Crotaline Fab Antivenom efficacious for severe envenomations? [abstract]. Clin Toxicol. 2007, 45 (6): 619-
- 14.
Suankratay C, Wilde H, Nunthapisud P, Khantipong M, Suankratay C, Wilde H, Nunthapisud P, Khantipong M: Tetanus after white-lipped green pit viper (Trimeresurus albolabris) bite. Wilderness Environ Med. 2002, 13 (4): 256-261. 10.1580/1080-6032(2002)013[0256:TAWLGP]2.0.CO;2.
- 15.
Habib A: Tetanus complicating snakebite in northern Nigeria; clinical presentation and public health implications. Acta Trop. 2003, 85 (1): 87-91. 10.1016/S0001-706X(02)00234-6.
- 16.
Anonymous: ACIP Recommendations for Vaccination. 2010, Atlanta, Georgia: Centers for Disease Prevention and Control, accessed July 1, 2010, []
- 17.
Russell F: Snake Venom Poisoning. 1983, Great Neck, NY, Scholium International, 3
- 18.
Curry S, Horning D, Brady P, Requa R, Kunkel D, Vance M: The legitimacy of rattlesnake bites in central Arizona. Ann Emerg Med. 1989, 18 (6): 658-663. 10.1016/S0196-0644(89)80523-2.
- 19.
Ownby CL: Structure, function and biophysical aspects of the myotoxins from snake venoms. J Toxicol - Toxin Rev. 1998, 17 (2): 213-238.
- 20.
Gutierrez JM, Rucavado A: Snake venom metalloproteinases: Their role in the pathogenesis of local tissue damage. Biochimie. 2000, 82 (9-10): 841-850. 10.1016/S0300-9084(00)01163-9.
- 21.
Moura-da-Silva A, Laing G, Paine M, Dennison J, Politi V, Crampton J, Theakston D: Processing of pro-tumour necrosis factor-α by venom metalloproteinases: a hypothesis towards explaining local tissue damage following snakebite. Toxicon. 1997, 35 (6): 814-815. 10.1016/S0041-0101(97)90330-5.
- 22.
Crocker P, Zad O, Milling T, Maxson T, King B, Whorton E: Human cytokine response to Texas crotaline envenomation before and after antivenom administration. Am J Emerg Med. 2010,
- 23.
Kitchens CS: Hemostatic aspects of envenomation by North American snakes. Hematol Oncol Clin North Am. 1992, 6 (5): 1189-1195.
- 24.
Hutton R, Warrell D: Action of snake venom components on the haemostatic system. Blood Rev. 1993, 7 (3): 176-189. 10.1016/0268-960X(93)90004-N.
- 25.
Boyer LV, Seifert SA, Clark RF, McNally JT, Williams SR, Nordt SP, Walter FG, Dart RC: Recurrent and persistent coagulopathy following pit viper envenomation. Arch Intern Med. 1999, 159 (7): 706-710. 10.1001/archinte.159.7.706.
- 26.
Ruha AM, Curry SC, Beuhler M, Katz K, Brooks DE, Graeme KA, Wallace K, Gerkin R, Lovecchio F, Wax P, Selden B: Initial postmarketing experience with Crotalidae polyvalent immune Fab for treatment of rattlesnake envenomation. Ann Emerg Med. 2002, 39 (6): 609-615. 10.1067/mem.2002.123698.
- 27.
Kitchens C, Eskin T: Fatality in a case of envenomation by Crotalus adamanteus initially successfully treated with polyvalent ovine antivenom followed by recurrence of defibrinogenation syndrome. J Med Toxicol. 2008, 4 (3): 180-183. 10.1007/BF03161198.
- 28.
Fazelat J, Teperman SH, Touger M, Fazelat J, Teperman SH, Touger M: Recurrent hemorrhage after western diamondback rattlesnake envenomation treated with Crotalidae polyvalent immune Fab (ovine). Clin Toxicol. 2008, 46 (9): 823-826. 10.1080/15563650701753849.
- 29.
O'Brien NF, DeMott MC, Suchard JR, Clark RF, Peterson BM: Recurrent coagulopathy with delayed significant bleeding after crotaline envenomation. Pediatr Emerg Care. 2009, 25 (7): 457-459.
- 30.
Camilleri C, Offerman S, Gosselin R, Albertson T, Camilleri C, Offerman S, Gosselin R, Albertson T: Conservative management of delayed, multicomponent coagulopathy following rattlesnake envenomation. Clin Toxicol. 2005, 43 (3): 201-206.
- 31.
Ruha AM, Curry SC, Albrecht C, Riley B, Pizon A: Late hematologic toxicity following treatment of rattlesnake envenomation with crotalidae polyvalent immune fab antivenom. Toxicon. 2010, 57 (1): 53-9. 10.1016/j.toxicon.2010.09.014.
- 32.
Bush SP, Siedenburg E: Neurotoxicity associated with suspected southern Pacific rattlesnake (Crotalus viridis helleri) envenomation. Wilderness Environ Med. 1999, 10 (4): 247-249. 10.1580/1080-6032(1999)010[0247:NAWSSP]2.3.CO;2.
- 33.
Richardson WH, Goto CS, Gutglass DJ, Williams SR, Clark RF: Rattlesnake envenomation with neurotoxicity refractory to treatment with crotaline Fab antivenom. Clin Toxicol. 2007, 45 (5): 472-475. 10.1080/15563650701338187.
- 34.
Clark RF, Williams SR, Nordt SP, Boyer-Hassen LV: Successful treatment of crotalid-induced neurotoxicity with new polyspecific crotalid Fab antivenom. Ann Emerg Med. 1997, 30 (1): 54-57. 10.1016/S0196-0644(97)70111-2.
- 35.
Glenn JL, Straight RC, Wolfe MC, D L: Geographical variation in Crotalus scutulatus scutulatus (Mojave rattlesnake) venom properties. Toxicon. 1983, 21 (1): 119-130. 10.1016/0041-0101(83)90055-7.
- 36.
Lavonas EJ, Schaefer TH, Kokko J, Mlynarchek SL, Bogdan GM: Crotaline Fab antivenom appears to be effective in cases of severe North American pit viper envenomation: an integrative review. BMC Emerg Med. 2009, 9 (13): epub
- 37.
Lavonas EJ, Kokko J, Schaeffer TH, Mlynarchek SL, Bogdan GM, Dart RC: Short-term outcomes following Fab antivenom therapy for severe crotaline snakebite. Ann Emerg Med. 2010, 57 (2): 128-137. 10.1016/j.annemergmed.2010.06.550.
- 38.
Lavonas EJ, Kerns WP, Gerardo CJ, Richardson W, Whitlow KS, Berkoff DJ: Long-term limb function outcomes after copperhead snakebite [abstract]. Ann Emerg Med. 2008, 52 (4): S141-142. 10.1016/j.annemergmed.2008.06.354.
- 39.): 619-624. 10.1067/mem.2002.129939.
- 40.
Lavonas EJ, Gerardo CJ, O'Malley G, Arnold TC, Bush SP, Banner W, Steffens M, Kerns WP: Initial experience with Crotalidae polyvalent immune Fab (ovine) antivenom in the treatment of copperhead snakebite. Ann Emerg Med. 2004, 43 (2): 200-206. 10.1016/j.annemergmed.2003.08.009.
- 41.
Yin S, Kokko J, Lavonas E, Mlynarchek S, Bogdan G, Schaeffer T: Factors associated with difficulty achieving initial control with Crotalidae Polyvalent Immune Fab antivenom in snakebite patients. Acad Emerg Med. 2010, 18 (1): 46-52. 10.1111/j.1553-2712.2010.00958.x.
- 42.
Offerman S, Barry J, Richardson W, Tong T, Tanen D, Bush S, Clark R: Subcutaneous crotaline Fab antivenom for the treatment of rattlesnake envenomation in a porcine model. Clin Toxicol. 2009, 47 (1): 61-68. 10.1080/15563650701750613.
- 43.
Anonymous: Prescribing Information: CroFab®. accessed July 1, 2010, []
- 44.
Cannon R, Ruha AM, Kashani J: Acute hypersensitivity reactions associated with administration of Crotalidae polyvalent immune Fab antivenom. Ann Emerg Med. 2008, 51 (4): 407-411. 10.1016/j.annemergmed.2007.09.036.
- 45.
Holstege CP, Wu J, Baer AB: Immediate hypersensitivity reaction associated with the rapid infusion of Crotalidae polyvalent immune Fab (ovine). Ann Emerg Med. 2002, 39 (6): 677-679. 10.1067/mem.2002.124442.
- 46.
Janes D, Bush S, Kolluru G: Large snake size suggests increased snakebite severity in patients bitten by rattlesnakes in southern California. Wilderness Environ Med. 2010, 21 (2): 120-126. 10.1016/j.wem.2010.01.010.
- 47.
Offerman SR, Bush SP, Moynihan JA, Clark RF, Offerman SR, Bush SP, Moynihan JA, Clark RF: Crotaline Fab antivenom for the treatment of children with rattlesnake envenomation. Pediatrics. 2002, 110 (5): 968-971. 10.1542/peds.110.5.968.
- 48.
Schmidt JM, Schmidt JM: Antivenom therapy for snakebites in children: is there evidence?. Curr Opin Pediatr. 2005, 17 (2): 234-238. 10.1097/01.mop.0000152621.67049.f2.
- 49.
Chuang R, Kokko J, Mlynarchek S, Schaeffer T, Bogdan G, Lavonas E: Rattlesnake versus Agkistrodon envenomations: venom effects differences [abstract]. Abstracts from Venom Week 2009, June 1-4, 2009 Albuquerque NM. J Med Toxicol. Edited by: Seifert SA. 2010, 6 (2): 240-1.
- 50.
Offerman SR, Barry JD, Schneir A, Clark RF: Biphasic rattlesnake venom-induced thrombocytopenia. J Emerg Med. 2003, 24 (3): 289-293. 10.1016/S0736-4679(02)00763-1.
- 51.
Lintner C, Keyler D, Bilden E: Prairie rattlesnake (Crotalus viridis viridis) envenomation: recurrent coagulopathy in a child treated with immune Fab [abstract]. Snakebites in the new millennium. Proceedings of a state-of-the-art symposium. J Med Toxicol. Edited by: Seifert SA. 2006, 2 (1): 33-4.
- 52.
Seifert SA, Boyer LV, Dart RC, Porter RS, Sjostrom L: Relationship of venom effects to venom antigen and antivenom serum concentrations in a patient with Crotalus atrox envenomation treated with a Fab antivenom. Ann Emerg Med. 1997, 30 (1): 49-53. 10.1016/S0196-0644(97)70110-0.
- 53.
Hurlbut K, Dart R, Spaite D, McNally J: Reliability of clinical presentation for predicting significant pit viper envenomation. Ann Emerg Med. 1988, 17 (4): 438-439.
- 54.
Miller MA, Dyer JE, Olson KR: Two cases of rattlesnake envenomation with delayed coagulopathy. Ann Emerg Med. 2002, 39 (3): 348-10.1067/mem.2002.121998.
- 55.
Wasserberger J, Ordog G, Merkin TE: Southern Pacific rattlesnake bite: a unique clinical challenge. J Emerg Med. 2006, 31 (3): 263-266. 10.1016/j.jemermed.2005.09.018.
- 56.
Kerns W, Tomaszewski C: Airway obstruction following canebrake rattlesnake envenomation. J Emerg Med. 2001, 20 (4): 377-380. 10.1016/S0736-4679(01)00315-8.
- 57.
Boyer LV, Seifert SA, Cain JS: Recurrence phenomena after immunoglobulin therapy for snake envenomations: Part 2. Guidelines for clinical management with crotaline Fab antivenom. Ann Emerg Med. 2001, 37 (2): 196-201. 10.1067/mem.2001.113134.
- 58.
Ruha AM, Curry SC: Recombinant factor VIIa for treatment of gastrointestinal hemorrhage following rattlesnake envenomation. Wilderness Environ Med. 2009, 20 (2): 156-160. 10.1580/08-WEME-CR-229R1.1.
- 59.
Gutierrez JM, Rucavado A, Escalante T, Diaz C: Hemorrhage induced by snake venom metalloproteinases: Biochemical and biophysical mechanisms involved in microvessel damage. Toxicon. 2005, 45 (8): 997-1011. 10.1016/j.toxicon.2005.02.029.
- 60.
Yip L: Rational use of Crotalidae polyvalent immune Fab (ovine) in the management of crotaline bite. Ann Emerg Med. 2002, 39 (6): 648-650. 10.1067/mem.2002.124450.
- 61.
Kitchens C, Hunter S, Van Mierop L: Severe myonecrosis in a fatal case of envenomation by the canebrake rattlesnake (Crotalus horridus atricaudatus). Toxicon. 1987, 25 (4): 455-458. 10.1016/0041-0101(87)90080-8.
- 62.
Curry S, Kraner J, Kunkel D, Ryan P, Vance M, Requa R, Ruggieri S: Noninvasive vascular studies in management of rattlesnake envenomations to extremities. Ann Emerg Med. 1985, 14 (11): 1081-1084. 10.1016/S0196-0644(85)80926-4.
- 63.
Tanen D, Danish D, Grice G, Riffenburgh R, Clark R: Fasciotomy worsens the amount of myonecrosis in a porcine model of crotaline envenomation. Emerg Med. 2004, 44 (2): 99-104.
- 64.
Shaw BA, Hosalkar HS: Rattlesnake bites in children: Antivenin treatment and surgical indications. J Bone Joint Surg. 2002, 84 (9): 1624-1629.
- 65.
Curry S, O'Connor A, Ruha A: Rapid-onset shock and/or anaphylactoid reactions from rattlesnake bites in central Arizona. Clin Toxicol. 2010,
- 66.
Litovitz T, Klein-Schwartz W, Rodgers G, Cobaugh D, Youniss J, Omslaer J, May M, Woolf A, Benson B: 2001 Annual report of the American Association of Poison Control Centers Toxic Exposure Surveillance System. Am J Emerg Med. 2002, 20 (5): 391-452. 10.1053/ajem.2002.34955.
- 67.
Lai M, Klein-Schwartz W, Rodgers G, Abrams J, Haber D, Bronstein A, Wruk K: 2005 Annual report of the American Association of Poison Control Centers' National Poisoning and Exposure Database. Clin Toxicol. 2006, 44: 803-932. 10.1080/15563650600907165.
- 68.
Ownby C, Colberg T, Odell G: In vivo ability of antimyotoxin a serum plus polyvalent (Crotalidae) antivenom to neutralize prairie rattlesnake (Crotalus viridis viridis) venom. Toxicon. 1986, 24 (2): 197-200. 10.1016/0041-0101(86)90122-4.
- 69.
Clark RF, Selden BS, Furbee B: The incidence of wound infection following crotalid envenomation. J Emerg Med. 1993, 11 (5): 583-586. 10.1016/0736-4679(93)90313-V.
- 70.
Angel MF, Zhang F, Jones M, Henderson J, Chapman SW, Angel MF, Zhang F, Jones M, Henderson J, Chapman SW: Necrotizing fasciitis of the upper extremity resulting from a water moccasin bite. South Med J. 2002, 95 (9): 1090-1094.
- 71.
Scharman EJ, Noffsinger VD: Copperhead snakebites: clinical severity of local effects. Ann Emerg Med. 2001, 38 (1): 55-61. 10.1067/mem.2001.116148.
- 72.
Alberts MB, Shalit M, LoGalbo F: Suction for venomous snakebite: a study of "mock venom" extraction in a human model. Ann Emerg Med. 2004, 43 (2): 181-186. 10.1016/S0196-0644(03)00813-8.
- 73.
Bush SP, Hegewald KG, Green SM, Cardwell MD, Hayes WK: Effects of a negative pressure venom extraction device (Extractor) on local tissue injury after artificial rattlesnake envenomation in a porcine model. Wilderness Environ Med. 2000, 11 (3): 180-8. 10.1580/1080-6032(2000)011[0180:EOANPV]2.3.CO;2.
- 74.
Cohen W, Wetzel W, Kadish A: Local heat and cold application after eastern cottonmouth moccasin (Agkistrodon piscivorus) envenomation in the rat: effect on tissue injury. Toxicon. 1992, 30 (11): 1383-1386. 10.1016/0041-0101(92)90513-5.
- 75.
Frank H: What are we doing? An evaluation of cryotherapy for envenomation. Western J Med. 1971, 114 (5): 25-27.
- 76.
Guderian R, Mackenzie C, Williams J: High voltage shock treatment for snake bite. Lancet. 1986, 2: 229-10.1016/S0140-6736(86)92535-3.
- 77.
Dart RC, Gustafson RA: Failure of electric shock treatment for rattlesnake envenomation. Ann Emerg Med. 1991, 20 (6): 659-661. 10.1016/S0196-0644(05)82389-3.
- 78.
Johnson E, Kardong KV, Mackessy SP: Electric shocks are ineffective in the treatment of lethal effects of rattlesnake envenomation in mice. Toxicon. 1987, 25 (12): 1347-1349. 10.1016/0041-0101(87)90013-4.
- 79.
Howe NR, Meisenheimer JL: Electric shock does not save snakebitten rats. Ann Emerg Med. 1988, 17 (3): 254-256. 10.1016/S0196-0644(88)80118-5.
- 80.
Welch B, Gales BJ: Use of stun guns for venomous bites and stings: a review. Wilderness Environ Med. 2001, 12 (2): 111-117. 10.1580/1080-6032(2001)012[0111:UOSGFV]2.0.CO;2.
- 81.
Gold BS: Electric shock: a potentially hazardous approach to treating venomous snakebite. Maryland Med J. 1993, 42 (3): 244-245.
- 82.
Reid H, Thean P, Martin W: Specific antivenin and prednisone in viper-bite poisoning: controlled trial. BMJ. 1963, 2 (5369): 1387-1380. 10.1136/bmj.2.5369.1378.
- 83.
Reid H, Theakston R: The management of snake bite. Bull World Health Organ. 1983, 61 (6): 885-895.
- 84.
Amaral CFS, (5): 805-808. 10.1016/S0041-0101(97)00132-3.
- 85.
Bush S, Green S, Laack T, Hayes W, Cardwell M, Tanen D: Pressure immobilization delays mortality and increases intracompartmental pressure after artificial intramuscular rattlesnake envenomation in a porcine model. Ann Emerg Med. 2004, 44 (6): 599-604. 10.1016/j.annemergmed.2004.06.007.
- 86.
Meggs W, Courtney C, O'Rourke D, Brewer K: Pilot studies of pressure-immobilization bandages for rattlesnake envenomations. Clin Toxicol. 2010, 48 (1): 61-63. 10.3109/15563650903376071.
- 87.
Burgess J, Dart R, Egen N, Mayersohn M: Effects of constriction bands on rattlesnake venom absorption: A pharmacokinetic study. Ann Emerg Med. 1992, 21 (9): 1086-1093. 10.1016/S0196-0644(05)80649-3.
- 88.
Anonymous: The efficacy of Crotaline Fab antivenom for copperhead snake envenomations - clinical trial. [Clinical trial identifier NCT00303303]. accessed July 1, 2010, []
- 89.
Anonymous: A comparison of Crotalinae (pit viper) equine immune F(ab)2 antivenom (Anavip) and Crotalidae polyvalent immune Fab, ovine antivenom (CroFab) in the treatment of pit viper envenomation. [Clinical trial identifier NCT00868309]. accessed July 1, 2010, []
- 90.
Anonymous: Phase 3 multicenter comparative study to confirm safety and effectiveness of the F(ab)2 antivenom Anavip. [Clinical trial identifier NCT00636116]. accessed July 1, 2010, []
- 91.
Guyatt G, Oxman A, Kunz R, Falck-Yttr Y, Vist G, Liberati A, Schunemann H: Rating quality of evidence and strength of recommendations: Going from evidence to recommendations. BMJ. 2008, 336: 1049-1051. 10.1136/bmj.39493.646875.AE.
- 92.
Weant K, Johnson P, Bowers R, Armistead J: Evidence-based, multidisciplinary approach to the development of a Crotalidae polyvalent antivenin (CroFab) protocol at a university hospital. Ann Pharmacother. 2010, 44: 447-455. 10.1345/aph.1M527.
- 93.
Cribari C: Management of poisonous snakebite. 2004, Chicago: American College of Surgeons Committee on Trauma, accessed July 1, 2010, []
Pre-publication history
The pre-publication history for this paper can be accessed here:
Acknowledgements
The authors would like to thank Jamie Kokko, MPH, Sara Mlynarchek, MPH, Vaishali Khatri, MPH, and Becki Bucher Bartelson, PhD for assistance with literature review, data abstraction, and data analysis, and David Kovick, JD, for facilitating the panel deliberations.
Photo Credit
The cover photograph was taken by William Banner, MD. Dr. Banner gives his permission for use.
Additional information
Competing interests
SPB is an employee of Faculty Medical Group of Loma Linda University School of Medicine, which has received research funding from Protherics. SPB derives no personal financial benefit from this relationship.
EJL and RCD are employees of the Denver Health and Hospital Authority, which has received research funding from Protherics. None of these authors derive personal financial benefit from this relationship.
WB, VB, JNB, WPK, WHR, AMR, SAS, and DAT declare that they have no competing interests.
The views expressed by VB and DAT in this article are those of the authors, and do not reflect the official policy or position of the US Air Force, the US Navy, the US Department of Defense, or the US government.
Authors' contributions
EJL conceived the project. EJL and RCD secured funding. EJL drafted the initial version of the treatment algorithm. EJL, AMR, SPB, SAS, and staff of the Rocky Mountain Poison and Drug Center prepared data analyses for presentation at the meeting. WB, VK, JNB, SPB, WPK, WHR, AMR, SAS, DAT, and RCD were voting members of the expert consensus panel, which was chaired by a professional facilitator. SCC provided input during algorithm development and participated in the expert consensus panel as a non-voting member. EJL created the manuscript draft. All authors read, revised and contributed to the final manuscript. EJL takes responsibility for the work as a whole.
William Banner, Vikhyat Bebarta, Jeffrey N Bernstein, Sean P Bush, William P Kerns II, William H Richardson, Steven A Seifert, David A Tan
Lavonas, E.J., Ruha, AM., Banner, W. et al. Unified treatment algorithm for the management of crotaline snakebite in the United States: results of an evidence-informed consensus workshop. BMC Emerg Med 11, 2 (2011).
Received:
Accepted:
Published:
DOI:
Keywords
- Panel Member
- Initial Control
- Poison Center
- Recurrence Phenomenon
- Snake Envenomation
View archived comments (1)WRONGFUL LIFEWHAT’S WRONG WITH IT? MARSHA ANDERSON, RNC, LNC, FNE
Paradigm Case History • Baby Doe • In 1982 Baby Doe was born in Indiana with Trisomy 21 and TE Fistula. The baby died without surgery per parent’s request and with the support of the Indiana Supreme Court. • In Response to the Baby Doe case, the Reagan administration and the Department of Health and Human Services developed regulations to prohibit hospitals from withholding care from imperiled newborns.
REGULATIONS • The regulations that resulted from the Baby Doe case were based on Section 504 of the 1973 Rehabilitation Act that prohibits discrimination against individuals who have handicaps.
REGULATIONS • Modified and finalized rules of 1984: • 1. All disabled infants must receive appropriate nutrition, hydration and medication. • 2. All disabled infants must be given medically indicated treatment. • 3. Three exceptions to all disabled infants receiving treatment: chronically and irreversibly comatose, would merely prolong dying, or be virtually futile in terms of survival. • 4. Physician’s “reasonable medical judgment”
REGULATIONS • Not adhering to the rules that came out of the Baby Doe case, could prohibit hospitals from getting any federal reimbursements. • The rules did acknowledge that aggressive care was not required for infants who had anencephaly or were extremely premature.
REGULATIONS • 2002 , the Montalvo (23 3/7 week infant was resuscitated without parental consent) decision represented the first time courts labeled nonintervention for premature infants as a violation of EMTALA. • 2002, the U.S. Congress and President Bush signed into law the Born-Alive Infants Protection Act (BAIPA) to protect infants who are born alive at any stage of development.
REGULATIONS • 2005, the U.S. Dept of Health and Human Services issued enforcement guidelines of BAIPA legislation. Basically that anyone that was reported as withholding care from an infant born alive would be investigated and dealt with accordingly.
REGULATIONS • The regulations were challenged in the courts, overturned and abandoned. • Congress amended the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (CAPTA) to include “medical neglect” and let each state’s CPS enforce it. • The law suggested the establishment of infant care review committees which was the foundation of today’s ethics committees.
SURVEY RESULTS • 376 CA Neonatologists were surveyed in 2009 with 140 completed surveys accepted. Of those nearly half were unaware of the BAIPA born-alive definition and almost three quarters were unaware of the enforcement guidelines. • Clearly Neonatologists medical practice are not defined by government regulations.
NEGLIGENCE CASES • Wrongful Birth Cases • Wrongful Life Cases • Wrongful Living Cases
WRONGFUL BIRTH • Definition: A medical malpractice claim brought by the parents of an impaired child, alleging that negligent treatment or advice deprived them of the opportunity to avoid conception or terminate the pregnancy.
WRONGFUL BIRTH • No state recognized a wrongful birth cause of action until after Roe v. Wade (legalizing abortion in 1973) was decided. • Texas was first to allow such a claim in 1975. • In 2002, twenty-two states recognized the wrongful birth cause of action. • It is much more accepted than a wrongful life suit.
WRONGFUL BIRTH • Cases are brought by parents of infants with inherited genetic disorders and undiagnosed abnormalities on ultrasound. Parents allege that had they known, they would have terminated the pregnancy. • Cases brought by parents of healthy, yet unwanted infants that were conceived after sterilization.
WRONGFUL LIFE • Definition: Medical Malpractice claim brought on behalf of a child born with birth defects, alleging that the child would not have been born but for negligent advice to, or treatment of, the parents. • The child can also bring a suite on their own behalf after reaching majority.
WRONGFUL LIFE Phrase originally coined in a 1963 Illinois appellate court decision in which an illegitimate child sued his father for the alleged harm of illegitimacy. Terminology changes now has “wrongful life” as being associated with cases involving impaired children rather than illegitimate ones.
WRONGFUL LIFE • First wrongful life case involving an impaired infant, Gleitman V. Cosgrove, was decided in 1967. • First SUCCESSFUL wrongful life case, Park v.Chessin, a 1977 New York appellate court decision. (Decision later overturned by NY Supreme Court).
WRONGFUL LIFE • First decision in favor of the wrongful life action to remain standing was Curlender v. Bio-Science Laboratories, CA Appellate court in 1980. • In 1982, the CA Supreme Court, in Turpin v. Sortini, became the first state high court to recognize the wrongful life action.
WRONGFUL LIFE A few states have passed legislation prohibiting wrongful life and wrongful birth actions. Wrongful life actions have rarely succeeded in court. Most courts have concluded that impaired existence is preferable to nonexistence and that devising a fair procedure for computing the damages brought about by wrongful life is an impossible task.
WRONGFUL LIFE • Some courts, in contrast have granted damages to child plaintiffs, deciding both that life is NOT always preferable to nonexistence, and that damages ARE calculable in these types of cases.
INTRINSIC VALUE OF LIFE • The most commonly invoked public policy favoring the refusal to recognize the wrongful birth or life causes relates to the importance of signaling the intrinsic value of human life.
SUPPORTING CONSIDERATIONS • Alleviates state courts from having to hear these cases. • Prevents courts from dictating proper practice to physicians. • Limits medical costs by decreasing medical liability to health care providers. • Discourages abortion • Barrier to eugenics
WRONGFUL LIFE AND BIRTH CASES The alleged “harm” is NOT caused by a doctor in the way that would be traditionally associated with med mal cases where the allegation would involve some bad action or negligence. • The alleged “injury” is the very existence of a disabled child.
WHO SHOULD DECIDE • Factors complicating medical decision making for disabled infants include: • 1. The serious nature of the decision • 2. The inherent uncertainty of proxy decision-making for infants who have never been competent • 3. The pressure of time constraints
WHO SHOULD DECIDE • 4. The severe emotional stress on parents who face the unexpected reality of the serious nature of the condition of their newborn infant. • 5. Moral conflicts between parents concerning the appropriate course of action.
WHO SHOULD DECIDE • 6. Conflicts between doctors and parents regarding the appropriate treatment. • 7. Difficulty of accurately predicting outcomes for disabled infants. • 8. Inadequate or confusing communication between the parties involved.
WHO SHOULD DECIDE • Proxy decision makers should have: • 1. Relevant Knowledge. • 2. Possess information concerning the infant’s familial setting. • 3. Know about alternatives to non-treatment.
WHO SHOULD DECIDE • 4. Be an impartial decision-maker in the best interest of the infant involved. • 5. Reach the same treatment decision given identical circumstances.
PROXY DECISION MAKERS • 1. Parents • 2. Physicians • 3. Hospital Committee • 4. Courts
LEGAL PRINCIPLES • Main purposes of tort litigation: • Compensate individuals for legally recognized harms against their interests. • Promote public policy goals of restraining injurious behavior.
NEGLIGENCE SUIT • Plaintiff must demonstrate 4 key elements: • The defendant owed the plaintiff a legal duty • Breach of that duty must be demonstrated • The breach of duty must be the proximate cause of harm to the plaintiff. • Proof of damages incurred by the plaintiff.
NEGLIGENCE SUIT • In addition, the courts may require a reasonable formula by which damages can be calculated. • Finally, the courts may consider the impact of the verdict on public policy. (A case that meets all of the above criteria may be unsuccessful if it appears that the consequences would be contrary to a valued public policy).
PHYSICIAN’S DUTY • Central theme in wrongful life cases is the defendant not providing the plaintiff with the information needed to make informed choices. • Intent of physician-patient relationship is to promote the patient’s well-being. The provision of appropriate information by the physician to the patient is an integral part of that relationship.
LIFE AS A HARM • QUESTION: Is it acceptable under any circumstances to conclude that the life of another is too burdensome for continued existence?
BEST INTERESTS • The best interest standard has been proposed as a reasonable approach to decision making by the committee on Bioethics of the American Academy of Pediatrics in 1996. • This approach entails the assessment of life and future prospects strictly from the perspective of the patient.
BEST INTERESTS • By upholding a standard for evaluating treatment options that best provides infants with what they need physically, psychologically, and emotionally, physicians uphold their duty to do no harm.
Wrongful Life Tort Benefits • Provides a strong incentive to physicians to prevent inaccurate and untimely advice in prenatal counseling and thus fulfills the public policy goal of restraining malpractice. • Prevents infants from being denied necessary resources if the statue of limitations run out on a wrongful birth suit prior to parents filing.
WRONGFUL LIFE TORT BENEFITS • Protects children from parents being the only ones awarded damages. Therefore, if the parent relinquishes custody of the child or if the child reaches majority, they will continue to have financial support.
WRONGFUL LIVING • Wrongful living is a newer cause of action that is alleged when a health care provider either intentionally or negligently interferes with an individual’s right to refuse medical treatment. • The court system has thus far been reluctant to accept this tort in the same way it has “wrongful life” cases, but more jurisdictions are reviewing cases filed.
WRONGFUL LIVING CASES • Anderson v. St Francis-St. George Hospital (1992). Patient with chest pain admitted to hospital (with DNR in place). Nurse resuscitated patient and 2 days later the patient had a paralyzing stroke. He lived an additional 2 years partially paralyzed with his daughter and then in a nursing home.
WRONGFUL LIVING CASES • The court found that continued “wrongful” living was not a compensable injury; however, the judge went on to say that this decision should not encourage unwanted lifesaving treatment.
WRONGFUL LIVING CASES • When a patient clearly limits the medical measures they are willing to undergo and the health care provider disregards such instructions, the consequences for that breach would include the damages arising from any battery inflicted on the patient, as well as appropriate licensing sanctions against the medical professionals.
WRONGFUL LIVING CASES • Some courts find no need for a wrongful living cause of action because the plaintiff can file a battery charge against the health care provider.
BATTERY • Definition: Battery is an intentional and wrongful physical contact with a person without his consent that entails some injury or offensive touching. • In a battery case the plaintiff does not have to prove duty or breach of duty. They only have to prove causation and damages.
HCA V. MILLER, 2000 • Sidney Miller was born at 23 weeks gestation. Prior to birth, the father had refused to sign a consent form allowing resuscitation. • The hospital staff elected to resuscitate the baby after she gasped, grimaced and cried spontaneously.
HCA V. MILLER, 2000 • Apparently the parents did not object to treatment at this time or ever again during her hospital stay. • Sidney had IVH with secondary hydrocephalus. She had cerebral palsy, blindness and severe mental retardation. At age 7 she was unable to walk, talk, feed herself or sit up on her own.
HCA V. MILLER, 2000 • Sidney’s parents sued the hospital and the parent corporation for battery and negligence. • The jury returned a verdict of $64,000,000 against the defendants. • The verdict was overturned on appeal, and the Supreme Court of Texas later upheld the appeal.
HCA V. MILLER, 2000 • This case attracted national attention. Most interpreted it as further support for the parents’ right to make decisions to withhold care and the need to obtain a court order to override such a decision.
HELEN HARRISON’S NICU STORY
“THE OFFER THEY CAN’T REFUSE: PARENTS AND PERINATAL TREATMENT DECISIONS” • 2008
WRONGFUL LIFEWHAT’S WRONG WITH IT? MARSHA ANDERSON, RNC, LNC, FNEAmy newglobal ranking of management thinkers since 2011 (#13 in the most recent ranking). Her prior books – Teaming: How organizations learn, innovate and compete in the knowledge economy and Teaming to Innovate (Jossey-Bass, 2012, 2103) – explore teamwork in dynamic work environments..Online marketing channels such as Paid Search and Display Advertising are used by scores of organizations to improve outreach. Having the ability to improve your visibility by simply purchasing traffic is very useful. What is not useful, at least for most marketing organizations is having to come to grips around whether the money for said traffic was spent as efficiently as possible. Most organizations will simply use the Acquisition reporting in Google Analytics to learn of how much traffic their marketing campaigns generate (bad). Some will even venture to see how many conversions or revenue they produce (better but still bad).
Only the savvy organization will employ the technique known as “multi-session marketing analytics.” This technique uses user and session data in order to analyze the activity of users across multiple sessions. This improves on the simplistic “last click” attribution model used for the regular Google Analytics Acquisition reporting. Google has provided some reporting tools for this type of analysis in the Multi-Channel Funnels and Attribution reporting found under the “Conversions” tab in Google Analytics. The Model Comparison Tool report can even be used to compare different models (i.e. “last click”, “first click”, etc.).
The unfortunate thing about using these models is that there is no such thing as a one-size fits all model for analyzing a site’s marketing channels. Each site has it’s own flavor and it’s own user base with it’s own marketing behavior.
In order to deal with this issue, an organization could either pay for Google Premium (which uses machine learning algorithm to predict the best model to use) or it could run a probabilistic model on its GA data. Markov Chain is one of the easier models to use. It is also a model that is used by a number of marketing attribution analytics consultancies.
I’m no statistician, but I believe the simplest way to explain Markov Chain is that is way of describing the probability of events based on the most previous event state. In this case each event is a session with an assigned medium and the result is the re-assigning of values based on the highest probabilities of conversion. Read more on Markov Chain here.
Good thing for those of us that have no advanced math degree, there is a package for R called ChannelAttribution which allows us to run the Markov Chain model on data direct from the Google Analytics API. It also compares the Markov Chain model to other models such as last touch, first touch and linear without much fuss. There is a great tutorial on using ChannelAttribution on the Lunametrics Blog. Read below to see how this technique can be used with data direct from the Google Analytics API in R. The script seems a bit verbose, but it works very well, thanks to Kaelin Harmon!
library(RGA) library(ChannelAttribution) library(data.table) library(ggplot2) library(scales) profile <- {{replace this with your google analytics view id}} start.date <- {{replace with your start date in YYYY-MM-DD}} end.date <- {{replace with your end date in YYYY-MM-DD}} #pull path data from Google Analytics mcf_data <- get_mcf(profile, start.date, end.date,") + 1 #remove multi word channel names (problematic for ChannelAttribution script) mcf_data$basicChannelGroupingPath <- gsub("(?<=\\w)\\s(?=\\w|\\$)", "", mcf_data$basicChannelGroupingPath, perl = TRUE) #create heuristic multi-channel models H <- heuristic_models(mcf_data, 'basicChannelGroupingPath', 'totalConversions', var_value = 'totalConversionValue') #round to convert from scientific notation (if needed) H$linear_touch_conversions <- round(H$linear_touch_conversions,0) H$linear_touch_value <- round(H$linear_touch_value,0) #create markov model M <- markov_model(mcf_data, 'basicChannelGroupingPath', 'totalConversions', var_value = 'totalConversionValue', order = 1) M$total_conversion <- round(M$total_conversion,0) M$total_conversion_value <- round(M$total_conversion_value,0) #merge data frames and order by total conversion value R <- merge(H, M, by = 'channel_name') R <- R[order(-R$total_conversion_value),] #select and rename columns R1 <- R[, (colnames(R) %in% c('channel_name', 'first_touch_conversions', 'last_touch_conversions', 'linear_touch_conversions', 'total_conversion'))] colnames(R1) <- c('channel_name', 'first_touch', 'last_touch', 'linear_touch', 'markov_model') #transform data from wide to long version R1 <- melt(R1, id = 'channel_name') #("") + scale_y_continuous(labels = comma)
This produces a dataframe and a plot which compares each of the heuristic models (last touch, first touch, linear) and the Markov Model.
If you liked this post, you might want to take a look at my last post on using the GA API and R as an alternative to Google Analytics Premium or just leave me a comment below.
Well… consider yourself added to my blogroll. I have like six other blogs I read on a weekly basis, guess that number just increased to seven! Keep writing!
Thanks for the comment Brian!People/Body Parts;
EAPGS Home
Pattern Index Home
Pattern Lists
-- Pattern Details
Browse by Maker
Browse by Motif
Browse by Shape
Advanced Search
DEWEY (OMN) Water Set
• AKA:
• Beatty-Brady Glass Company (Dunkirk-IN Operated: 1898-1899), Introduced: c. 1898
• Pitcher and tumblers
NOTE: Note: Two versions of this pitcher were made. "Gridley" has bullets or explosives shells along the bottom. "Dewey" has round "canon balls" along bottom.
• Motifs: (People/Body Parts), (Scenes)A Northwest Territories Supreme Court judge sentenced Colten McNeely, 27, to seven years in prison on Wednesday morning for what he called an “extremely reckless and dangerous act.”
On September 3, 2017, following a night of drinking in Fort Good Hope, McNeely stabbed his then 28-year-old friend Lloyd Edgi nine times, including a fatal stab to his heart.
McNeely was charged with second-degree murder in Edgi’s death. In January, however, Justice Andrew Mahar convicted him of manslaughter, finding the evidence did not support the more serious charge.
“I don’t believe that Colten McNeely was particularly malicious that night,” Mahar said on Wednesday, adding McNeely had not specifically aimed to hurt Edgi.
During trial, McNeely said Edgi had assaulted him earlier that night in 2017 – leaving him with a bloody nose – over a previous affair McNeely had with Edgi’s wife.
McNeely said he wanted to “sort things out” with his friend but armed himself with a hunting knife. When the pair met again, McNeely claimed Edgi grabbed him and he responded by stabbing Edgi in self-defence.
Mahar said this was a “gross overreaction” and, had it not been for McNeely’s level of intoxication and “poor judgement,” he would have convicted McNeely of second-degree murder.
“This was an extremely sad and unnecessary event,” the judge said, adding it was “heartbreaking” to hear how Edgi’s two children will have to grow up without him.
On Wednesday, Mahar noted sentences for manslaughter are “particularly difficult.” That’s because there is no mandatory minimum sentence for the crime, unlike murder, and sentences for manslaughter can range from no jail time to life in prison.
During an earlier sentencing hearing, Crown prosecutor Blair McPherson argued McNeely should receive seven to eight years in prison for the crime. Defence lawyer Peter Harte, meanwhile, argued a sentence of four to five years would allow McNeely to serve his sentence in the Northwest Territories, rather than in federal prison.
“When somebody dies, the level of guilt of someone who causes that death falls on a very wide spectrum,” Mahar said.
Mahar ultimately found that McNeely’s actions fell on the most culpable end of that spectrum, adding the stabbing was “not simple, quick, and spontaneous” but involved a number of steps over time.
The judge also considered that McNeely is a young man with no prior criminal record, saying there’s no indication the stabbing was in character or that he poses a continued risk to the community. He also noted McNeely has made progress in counselling and has expressed remorse for his actions.
Mahar said he believes McNeely has a good chance of rehabilitation and is a “vulnerable inmate.” Mahar recommended McNeely be allowed to serve as much of his sentence as possible in the Northwest Territories, so his family can visit him, and that he be considered for early release.
Finally, Mahar said, while McNeely feels he can never return to Fort Good Hope, he hopes that changes.
“I hope you can forgive yourself at some point too,” he told McNeely.Family Medicine | Union City, NJ Family Doctors & Pediatricians
Union City Pediatricians Dedicated to Quality Care
Providers
Office Manager
- Genara (Gina) Luciano
Riverside Medical Group’s office in Union City, NJ is recognized as a Patient Centered Medical Home and has some of the best family care doctors in the city. Our clinic offers comprehensive care for infants, children and adolescents. You can trust Union City to care for your family in the best way possible with leading pediatricians, an attentive staff, and state-of-the-art treatment. Please do not hesitate to contact our office with questions or concerns. Give us a call today and we will look forward to meeting you.
Union City Pediatricans
Address:
4201 Bergenline Avenue
Union City, NJ 07807
Phone: 201-601-9515
Pediatric Hours:
Monday – friday: 8:00 AM – 8:00 PM
Saturday: 8:00 AM – 2:00 PM
Sunday: Union City Practice’s Approach
Whether it’s your child’s first visit to our Union City pediatric office or a routine well–child checkup, we strive to make sure you and your child are always comfortable and informed. Our family doctors work to understand your child inside and out, and make sure their needs are met during their visit. And we equip you with the knowledge necessary for promoting the health and wellness skills that will last them a lifetime.
You can be assured that as a patient in our Union City Union City provides care in all aspects of general pediatrics. We care compassionately for infants, children and adolescents, and our skilled team of pediatric clinicians offers them comprehensive medical care at our offices.
We want to collaborate with the parents in all decision-making with our patients, and as such we go beyond the conventional role of intermittent providers at brief patient visits. We emphasize preventative care in order to keep your child safe in the future, as well as provide around-the-clock access for your child’s healthcare team.
Riverside Medical Group’s family practice clinics offer the longest hours of any pediatric practice in the country. We provide these services to our patients who need the support of an accommodating and friendly staff to take care of their child, and use the most state-of-the-art equipment possible for treatment. Our Union City office has knowledgeable and compassionate pediatric clinicians that have dedicated themselves to child-focused healthcare for their entire careers. Union City we make sure that we can be a valued part of the community and work for the patients first. Their best interest is our main priority. Whether a new family patient is long-standing or new, we know the importance of picking a trusted practice that is the right fit for you. Give us a call to reach out and book your family doctor today!Amazon currently has Pampers Soft Care Scented Wipes (720 ct.) for $12.94 when you register for Amazon Mom and order with Subscribe & Save. Plus they’re shipped right to your door FREE!
To take advantage of Subscribe & Save deals, add the wipes of your choice to your cart using the Subscribe Now button., For The Mommas!
Sam
what is the regular price for this item?
Christi
Site says list price is $25. Price without subscription is 18.49.