6.2 of IEC62560 Bending moment, axial pull and mass
- PRODUCT DETAIL
IEC62560 6.2 Bending moment, axial pull and mass
The value of the bending moment, imparted by the lamp at the lampholder shall not exceed the value given in Table 2.
The bending moment shall be determined by measuring the weight of the lamp (e. g. by means of a balance) at the tip of the bulb of the horizontally held lamp and multiplying this force by the distance between the tip of the bulb and the pivot line. The pivot line shall lie at the bottom end of the cylindrical part (for Edison and bayonet caps) or at the end of the contact pins (for pin caps). It shall be supported by an upright held thin metal sheet or a similar means.
The lamp construction shall withstand externally applied axial pull and bending moment.
For the measurement method, see A.2.1 of IEC 61199.
The mass as given in Table 2 shall not be exceeded.
Table 2 – Bending moments and masses
* Under consideration.
NOTE 1 For lamps with caps different to those in Table 2, the effect of the bending moment should be regarded and limited. A measurement method for these lamps with these caps is under consideration.
NOTE 2 It should be taken care that the luminaire surface where the lampholder is fixed to can withstand the bending moment. For the calculation of this bending moment, the length of the lampholder needs to be taken into account when measuring the overall length. This should be made sure for the elevated temperature during operation in order to check the possible softening of the surface material.
6.2-of-IEC62560-Bending-momentDefining resources within Kubernetes manifests
Within a given pod, a resource request and limit can be set for every container. These values are helpful for the application's health, as you have guaranteed capacity. It can also benefit the compute through scheduling and provisioning suitable capacity in the kernel by the kubelet.
Requests
The Kubernetes scheduler ensures that
for each resource type, the sum of the resource requests of the scheduled Containers is less than the node's capacity. By not specifying requests, the scheduler will apply the BestEffort class to your pod. This class means there is no guarantee for scheduling, and because this is the least priority, there is high potential for the pod's eviction.
Limits
Containers that don't specify resources will inherit the host's capacity for their lifecycle. When limits are not defined, you could start to see your container's CPU throttled or OOMKills with memory. If multiple containers are defined, and both try to share compute vs. defining what it needs explicitly, you could see uncontrollable saturation on your node.
To visualize the effects of limits first lets describe a node:
~ kubectl get node test-node -o jsonpath='{.status.capacity.memory}{"\n"}' 7887008Ki
Then create a pod without specifying resources limits:
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF apiVersion: v1 kind: Pod metadata: name: no-resources spec: containers: - args: - /usr/bin/bash image: ubuntu imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent name: shell resources: {} tty: true nodeSelector: kubernetes.io/hostname: test-node EOF
By examining the cgroup memory limit, we see that the container capacity limits are nearly identical in value to the underlying node:
LIMIT=$(kubectl exec -it no-resources -- cat /sys/fs/cgroup/memory/memory.limit_in_bytes) echo "scale=0; ${LIMIT}/1024/1024" | bc -l 8796093022207
Alternatively, when you set the values, we should see our defined capacity.
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF apiVersion: v1 kind: Pod metadata: name: resources spec: containers: - args: - /usr/bin/bash image: ubuntu imagePullPolicy: IfNotPresent name: shell resources: limits: memory: 200Mi tty: true nodeSelector: kubernetes.io/hostname: test-node EOF LIMIT=$(kubectl exec -it resources -- cat /sys/fs/cgroup/memory/memory.limit_in_bytes) echo "scale=2; ${LIMIT}/1024/1024" | bc -l 200.00You Could Get Banned From Amazon For Doing This Common Thing
If you want to keep making online purchases, you might want to ease up on this.
Online.
Amazon reportedly banned one man in 2018 after just five returns.
.
According to his report, Nissim contacted the retailer for several weeks before being told by a customer service representative that his account had been closed because of his return activity. He says he had returned just one item earlier in 2018 and four items in 2017. After protesting his ban, he was eventually told by an Amazon employee that his account had been reinstated. And for more on returns, discover The New Way You Can Instantly Get Your Money Back After a Return.
Another user was banned after she "reported an unusual number of problems."
.
However, in May 2018 her account was shut down without explanation. And when she received a response on May 10, she was told her account was terminated permanently because she "reported an unusual number of problems" with her orders. "I didn't get any warning. If I knew this would happen, I wouldn't buy clothes and shoes on Amazon," Golan told the WSJ. And for another important word of caution, If You Bought This From Amazon, Stop Using It Immediately.
Amazon doesn't include anything about bans in their return policy.
for insight into the popular company, This Is How Many Amazon Reviews May Be Fake, New Research Shows.
And an Amazon spokesman said bans only happen on "rare occasions."
." And for more up-to-date information, sign up for our daily newsletter.
But former Amazon managers say you can get banned for several things.
." And for ways to be a better shopper, learn The One Shopping Habit That's Making You Spend More Money, Study Says.Abstract
We settle an old question about the existence of certain ‘sums-of-squares’ formulas over a field $F$, related to the composition problem for quadratic forms. A classical theorem says that if such a formula exists over a field of characteristic $0$, then certain binomial coefficients must vanish. We prove that this result also holds over fields of characteristic $p>2$.Historic sites and house museums probably represent the largest type of museum in the United States, and yet less than a handful of books or articles have been written about the interpretation of historic sites in the last fifty years. Part of this weakness can be attributed to the usual “last place” position that historic sites hold in terms of funding, staffing, and other resources, but it can also be due to the additional complexity of historic sites compared to other educational and cultural institutions. If you imagine interpretation as a melody, most museums can choose from all the keys on a piano and play the notes as desired, whereas historic sites have to play specific notes, such as the buildings and landscapes, and often in a certain order. Nevertheless, all museums have to address three primary areas to effectively teach and educate: content, audience, and method.
- Content: This comprises all the potential and unique messages, resources, and assets available. For historic sites, this would include its archives, artifacts, buildings, and landscapes as well as its intangible intellectual assets, such as research, scholarship, messages, topics, themes, mission, and vision which may be codified on paper as reports or maintained in the minds of its staff and board.
- Audience: All the potential individuals, families, groups, organizations, residents, tourists, members, and donors that can engage with the institution, on site or off site, can be called an audience. Because these are human beings, it’s a particularly complex element because each person arrives (or avoids) a site because of their unique interests, motivations, preferences, and attitudes.
- Method: This represents the many and varied ways of sharing, distributing, and transmitting the content to the audience. Historic sites commonly use tours, exhibits, period rooms, events, festivals, school programs, lectures, concerts, film, audiotours, wayside markers, newsletters, brochures, and books, and increasingly in this digital age, websites, blogs, Facebook, Twitter, online catalogs, e-newsletters, video, podcasts, and augmented reality. These new tools not only allow us to reach new audiences but also prompt a rethinking of the communication process—it is not simply a speech directed from museum to visitor, but a conversation between the museum and its participants.
Methods are communication tools or strategies that link content and audience, providing the essential bridge between the site and its visitors, users, and supporters. Different audiences may prefer different experiences, for example a scavenger hunt for fourth graders, a smartphone application for young adults, and a curator-led tour for collectors. The same content can be presented differently, such as a guided tour of period rooms, a virtual tour online, or an illustrated book of scholarly essays.
With so many opportunities, it’s easy to be pulled in many directions at one time but interpretive planning provides a process for making wise choices and strategic decisions. Interpretive planning evaluates the content, audience, and methods to determine how, when, and where to bring them together using the time and money available. Even better, good planning can help launch implementation and build in sustainability so it isn’t merely an unfilled dream or a short-lived effort. Interpretive planning is finding where the three elements intersect and overlap—the harmony among the three parts.
Success doesn’t happen naturally or accidently—it’s a result of finding balance among mission, money, discipline, and innovation. Maintaining this balance is especially crucial in non-profit organizations because they often work with limited resources to achieve ambitious goals. Interpretive planning can help achieve this balance no matter the size or age of your organization, and can be phased or scaled according to your needs, from refining topics and themes, to exploring visitor motivations and learning preferences, and to measuring organizational capacity to identify those methods that are most effective and sustainable. And although organizations often focus on the final product—the plan—the process of planning is just as vital for strengthening and building capacity.
This article is also available as a two-page pdf and you’re welcome to use it for in-house training or classroom teaching.China sends new ambassador to US amid strained ties
BEIJING (AP) — China’s new ambassador to the United States outlined the challenges the two countries face in what has become an increasingly competitive and contentious relationship, while refraining from any criticism in short remarks after arriving to take up his new post.
“China and the United States are entering a new round of mutual exploration, understanding and adaptation, trying to find a way to get along with each other in the new era,” Qin Gang said in remarks posted by the Chinese Embassy in Washington after his arrival Wednesday.
Qin’s arrival comes as relations with the U.S. have plunged to their worst level in decades with no sign of bottoming out. The two sides remain sharply at odds over a host of issues, including trade, technology, cybersecurity, human rights and China’s increasingly assertive foreign policy under President Xi Jinping.
Qin, 55, most recently was one of China’s nine vice foreign ministers and has been ministry spokesperson twice, gaining a reputation for tart responses that have now become standard fare among those in that position.
“His open remarks towards the West and the U.S. are tougher than Chinese ambassadors of previous terms,” said Shi Yinhong, professor of international relations at Renmin University in Beijing.
The U.S. currently has no ambassador in Beijing, although President Joe Biden is expected to nominate Nicholas Burns, a former ambassador to NATO and State Department spokesperson.
Relations between the countries nosedived under Biden’s predecessor, Donald Trump, but high-level meetings this week in Tianjin, China, again lay bare the deep divisions between them.
Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Xie Feng told U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Wendy Sherman that the United States was the “inventor, and patent and intellectual property owner” of coercive diplomacy.
In a separate meeting with Sherman, Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said China would not tolerate what it considered U.S. interference in its internal affairs and key development interests.
Sherman, in an interview after the meetings, said human rights are not just an internal matter and called on China to work with the United States on global issues as a responsible great power.
Qin replaces Cui Tiankai, who was ambassador to the United States for eight years during a steady deterioration in ties.
Qin served three tours at the Chinese Embassy in London and headed the Protocol Department but has not held any positions directly responsible for relations with the U.S., according to his official resume on the ministry website.
As head of protocol, he worked directly with Xi and has extensive experience accompanying Chinese leaders abroad.
Shi cautioned that the state of U.S.-China relations would limit the influence of any ambassador.
“Under the current circumstances of full-on competition and struggle between China and the U.S., I don’t think any ambassador could have a significant impact on relations, no matter whether he is intended to be tougher or milder in implementing policies,” he said.What To SEARCH FOR WITHIN AN Online Roulette Audit
In case you are not used to online roulette gambling, you can get lost in the countless possibilities. With so many sites claiming to offer the best roulette games, it’s rather a daunting task to figure out which ones will continue to work best for your gaming needs. The key to successfully playing online roulette can be your need to actually play actual roulette, not just a virtual spoof of the specific game. You need the very same betting rules as a brick and mortar live casino s to enable you to win exactly the same money.
Many online roulette sites offer different types of bets and bonus offers. Bonuses are bonuses which are given to you as a way of encouraging you to play more, as well as placing your bets pretty quickly. In order to keep the bonuses coming in, online casinos must constantly offer new bonuses to their players. There is absolutely no catch in these offers. This makes winning that much easier and much more tempting.
Another way you will find out if an online casino is truly legit is to request to play roulette with a testing area. Most legit roulette casinos will set aside a portion of 카지노 their internet space for roulette testing. In case you are given the opportunity to play for real money, you will see for yourself what goes on. Play money is not found in testing areas, nor do you want to receive any cash off of your initial deposits.
Many people have the incorrect notion that playing online roulette games will enable them to win large sums of money without doing any work. The reality of the matter is you will have to spend time studying and thoroughly reviewing every single casino’s bonus policy and odds. Once you know the ins and outs of every game, you will be able to accurately place your bets and come out on top. Minus the proper knowledge of the casino’s odds and bonuses, you may be not a lot of in your chances for success.
One of the most popular Roulette tricks used by many gamblers is the doubling trick. This involves coming out with a number choice it doesn’t correspond to the previous choice and then betting that same amount that the prior bet was made on. It generally does not take long before you will notice that your bankroll is beginning to dwindle.
A method that has been recognized to work in lots of online casinos is named the wheel trick. This is a unique style of gambling which involves going right through the red or yellow wheel but betting on the white or black numbers. If you feel that the wheel is random, you might want to remember that it is random when someone spins it. The issue with the wheel comes from the fact that there are numerous elements that can slow down or stop the spinning of the wheel. Due to this, players are sometimes forced to avoid their bets early since they have reached a particular limit.
The doubling trick is a classic trick that lots of gamblers used in their games. It works on the roulette wheel for the reason that it involves betting three times on one bet. Prior to the betting starts, it is very important note that the odds are in favor of the home. However, after the betting starts and the ball starts spinning, the odds are against the player. Once the ball stops spinning on the horizontal axis and faces the other direction, it is now better for the home to win since it knows that the ball is about to drop into a straight line on its way down.
An audited online casinos review will include information on whether the roulette software allows you to set a maximum bankroll and how this feature will affect the chances of winning. The audit also needs to provide information on the bonuses and promotional codes which may be used for free spins. Players can usually get yourself a free spin if they bet a quantity on the first roll of the wheel. If you find that the web casino offers free spins but charges you for them, then it is likely you are playing online roulette with dishonest tactics.Regular price
£28.00
£28.00
Unavailable
A perfect Easter gift is this Carlton London stainless steel in gold finish round snack cake plate with bunny rabbit stand. Can also be used as an accessories stand. Plate size: 30cm x 30cm x 9.2cm
Product Specification
Brand:- Carlton London
Article Code:- ST21K006
Color:- White-Gold
Dimensions LxWxH(cm):- 30 cm x 30 cm x 9.2 cm
Type:- Cake Stands
Composition:- Rabbit Base:100% Porcelain
Plate: Steel Stainless 304 Gold Coating
Category:- Tableware
Collection:- Kitchen & Dinning.
There are many tax advantages in real estate investment in rental properties. Be it to rent out a room, your second home, your vacation house or properties solely for rental, you are rewarded with numerous deductions and tax benefits that allows you to lower your tax burden.
For your principal residence, you only deduct your property taxes and home mortgage interest. For a rental property, almost all the costs related to rental activities are tax deductible. Your rental income is very simple, the monthly rent you collect. The deposit is not your money or income. You are supposed to return the deposit at the end of the lease. You pay tax on the rental income offset by rental expense. What iterms are counted as rental expense?
Renting property is considered a passive activity which means that you may not deduct a rental loss against nonpassive income such as your salary from your job or investment income such as stocks and bonds. If the amount of rental loss that exceeds rental income is not deductible for the current year, you can carry it to the next tax year though. The IRS passive activity laws were intended to discourage tax-shelter investments. There are two exceptions though to this passive activity loss limitation.
If you actively manage your real estate investments, then they will not be considered "passive activities" by the IRS. You materially participate in an activity if you are involved in the operation of the activity on a regular, continuous, and substantial basis.
You actively participate in a rental real estate activity if you and your spouse owned at least 10% of the rental property and you made management decisions in a significant and bona fide sense. These management decisions would include approving new tenants, deciding on rental terms, approving expenditures, reviewing expenses and similar decision.
If you meet the "real estate professional" exception, there is no limit to the amount of losses you can deduct. The real estate losses are deductible against any other form of income.
If you meet the "material participation" requirements you may deduct up to $25,000 of loss from your non-passive income. This amount is phased out, however, if your modified adjusted gross income is between $100,000 and $150,000.
Consult with your CPA for any tax related issues before you make investment decision.Description : We want Super Stockist or Distributor for our Premium Brand Nature's Magic Chana Sattu. We offer good margin with best quality.
Agar (agar agar) is a gelatinous substance, extracted from seaweed and processed into flakes, powders and sheets. Agar has wide applications in Indian
Greetings! We are working in different segments from the last 15 years and offers a wide range of products with an annual turnover of more than 5 cror: 823; Downloads: 0 Fulltext (784,63 KB): ključnih besedahKeywords: ultra-high energy cosmic rays
energy spectrum
Pierre Auger ObservatoryPublished: 02.03.2016; Views: 3675; Downloads: 176 Fulltext (755,08 KB)
Abstract:.Found in: ključnih besedahSummary of found: ..: 3211; Downloads: 212 Fulltext (6,36 MB): ključnih besedahKeywords: ultra-high energy cosmic rays
anisotropy studies
active galactic nuclei
Pierre Auger ObservatoryPublished: 02.03.2016; Views: 3209; Downloads: 183: ključnih besedahKeywords: high-energy cosmic rays
large-scale distribution
anisotropy studies
Pierre Auger ObservatoryPublished: 02.03.2016; Views: 3099; Downloads: 189: ključnih besedahKeywords: ultra-high energy cosmic rays
galactic and extragalactic magnetic fields
magnetic deflection patterns
Pierre Auger ObservatoryPublished: 02.03.2016; Views: 3135; Downloads: 181 Fulltext (1019,52: ključnih besedahSummary of found: ..: 2951; Downloads: 191 Fulltext (388,00 KB)
Abstract:.Found in: ključnih besedahSummary of found: ...ultra-high energy neutrinos,
ultra-high energy photons,
cosmic rays, elemental composition,
Pierre Auger Observatory...Keywords: ultra-high energy neutrinos, ultra-high energy photons, cosmic rays, elemental composition, Pierre Auger ObservatoryPublished: 03.03.2016; Views: 2849; Downloads: 179 Fulltext (398,21 KB)
Abstract:.Found in: ključnih besedahSummary of found: ...Pierre Auger Observatory,
ultra-high energy cosmic rays,
muons, mass composition,
hadronic interactions...Keywords: Pierre Auger Observatory, ultra-high energy cosmic rays, muons, mass composition, hadronic interactionsPublished: 03.03.2016; Views: 2833; Downloads: 170 Fulltext (298,46 KB)
Abstract:.Found in: ključnih besedahSummary of found: ...both flux and composition of
ultra-high energy cosmic rays as measured by the Pierre Auger...Keywords: Pierre Auger Observatory, ultra-high energy cosmic rays, energy spectrum, elemental composition, combined data fitPublished: 03.03.2016; Views: 2685; Downloads: 187 Fulltext (704,98 KB)Not all drinks take the same amount of time to reach your bladder. This fact, a team of researchers write in a recent American Journal of Clinical Nutrition article, “is of real clinical and practical benefit in situations in which free access to fluids is limited or when frequent breaks for urination are not desirable.”
Sounds a lot like a long run, doesn’t it?
As it turns out, there are a lot of factors that affect how quickly you pee out a given drink. For example, drinks with lots of calories or electrolytes tend to be retained in the body for longer, while diuretics like caffeine and alcohol speed things along. How much you drink at a time also has an influence. And despite all the folk-wisdom out there, there’s very little actual data comparing different drinks.
To address this gap, researchers led by the University of Loughborough’s Ron Maughan, along with colleagues from Bangor University and the University of Stirling, recruited 72 subjects to test 13 different drinks (each subject tested water plus three other drinks). At each testing session, the subjects drank a litre of the chosen beverage, then collected all their urine for the next four hours.
The result is a “beverage hydration index” that compares how much of the drink was retained after two hours compared to a litre of water. (They used two hours because most of the urine had been passed by then, and it represents a more realistic time interval between drinks than four hours.)
So, without further ado, here’s the data:
A higher bar indicates more fluid retained. The dashed line represents twice the coefficient of variation away from water, meaning you can be relatively confident it’s a real effect above that line.
So milk stays in the body, presumably because of its calorie or potassium content. The same is true (barely) for orange juice. Oral rehydration solution stays in, thanks to its calories and sodium.
The biggest surprise? Neither beer nor coffee nor tea seem to produce significantly more urine, though coffee is marginally the lowest value on the index. One possibility is that the diuretic effects of alcohol in beer are counterbalanced by its retention-promoting calories. That’s supported by a previous study that compared regular and alcohol-free beer and found that regular beer triggered 12 percent more urine. Larger doses of caffeine or alcohol might get things flowing more noticeably, the researchers point out.
Does this have anything to do with running? Probably not - but don’t tell me you’ve never wondered about these questions.This story is a part of our RBC Future Launch Community Challenge (RBC FLCC) series, showcasing how youth are giving back and inspiring change by leading projects to address their communities’ needs.
With the support of the RBC Future Launch Community Challenge, Community Foundations of Canada, and the Boys and Girls Clubs of St. John’s, local young leader Amy Wilcox and her team are bringing nutritious meals to families in St. John’s. The Cook it Up! project in St. John’s, Newfoundland is needed now more than ever. The project is tackling food insecurity in the community, a public health issue with far reaching impacts being amplified by a global pandemic.
According to the Dieticians of Canada, Food insecurity is understood as not having enough, or not having secure access to, food because of income or financial issues. Statistics Canada estimates that one in six children under 18 in Canada are affected by food insecurity.
“The goals [of the project] are to address the food insecurity that many of the families face daily but also to bring together families in the kitchen and at the dinner table,” Wilcox explained.
Cook it Up! provides families from the Boys and Girls Clubs with the groceries and recipes they need to make healthy meals at home.
The project was first proposed as an in-person meeting of youth to plan meals and shopping lists, followed by packing ingredients into family meal kits. Cook it Up! has not been too affected by COVID-19, with participating youth still able to safely plan meals and write shopping lists over Zoom meetings. Administrative staff from the Boys and Girls Club support the grocery kit preparation and arrange contactless delivery or pick-up for the families.
The global pandemic has highlighted the importance of the Cook it Up! project for the community.
“The biggest issue for the children and youth that we serve is food insecurity. Their families rely on school break and lunch programs as well as snack and meal programs from our Clubs. Without these services, they are struggling.” Wilcox explained.
Community Impact
The Cook it Up! team provided 25 weeks-worth of meals to 30 families, meaning Wilcox and her team gave 750 meals to the families in St. John’s who needed it most during a time of great uncertainty.
To keep going the extra mile for their community, the project team also gave the families an food security activity kit to keep children and youth entertained at home.
The grocery deliveries ended in August of 2020, but the goal is to continue running the Cook it Up! program again in the winter. If not every week, then at least on a monthly basis.
Wilcox knows how important this work is, noting, “having a meal is important, but so is spending time together with your family.”
To keep up with the work the Boys and Girls Clubs of St. John’s are doing, follow along on Facebook.
The RBC FLCC is a collaboration between Community Foundations of Canada and community foundations from coast to coast to coast. The #RBCFLChallenge youth-led projects are supported by RBC Foundation’s contribution of $2.2 million.Welcome toMalmö Airport
Weekend parking from SEK 139/day
How to prepare
Current opening hours
Everything you need to know before your journey
Find out what applies to you and what you need to prepare before your journey.
Swedavia and Stockholm Arlanda have named Eco-Innovation Airport of the Year. We have adapted all of our own airport operations so that they are fossil-free. As a result, we have become a world-leading operator of fossil-free airports.
After the security checkpoint
Espresso House
Enjoy a good cup of coffee and pastry from Espresso House’s bakery
See opening hours here
Before the security checkpoint
7-Eleven
Tasty, fresh food to keep you on the moveLATIN AMERICA BACK ON THE UK’S TOURISM AGENDA
Latin America is seeing a boost in UK tourism since the nation announced a major overhaul of its Covid-19 travel restrictions.
The UK government removed 15 Latin American countries and territories from its quarantine red list on October 7, including Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Costa Rica, Cuba and Mexico.
TUI Group, Expedia Group and Rainbow Tours report an increase in sales for Mexico and Costa Rica in particular.
“We always see an immediate, strong uptick in bookings when travel restrictions are eased,” a TUI spokesman told ITB Newsroom. “Sales to popular long haul favourite Mexico have increased since being taken off the red list as our customers feel more reassured about travelling.”
The world’s number one tourism operator resumed flights to Cancun from October 17 and will run nine weekly flights in November. Routes will resume to Mexico’s Puerto Vallarta from November 3 and to Varadero in Cuba from December 13.
Rainbow Tours travel specialists told ITB Newsroom Costa Rica has seen the most significant sales uptake.
A spokesperson said: “Costa Rica is definitely the top destination trickling down to others such as Mexico. We have definitely seen a boost in enquiries.”
Expedia Group report growing confidence in search behaviour, with an almost 35% increase in overall search volume among LATAM travellers.
At the beginning of the pandemic, around 76.7 million passengers did not travel in Latin America and the Caribbean according to Statista data.
However, booking trends are picking up as more people become vaccinated and restrictions ease.
Seven countries remain on the UK red list: Colombia, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Haiti, Panama, Peru and Venezuela.Oh!!!...Re: Hawthorn (!) by healinginHiswings ..... Natural Healing & Herbal Solutions w/Unyquity
Date: 6/6/2009 9:15:52 PM ( 12 years ago ago)
Hits: 2,816
URL:
Check with your agricultural extension agent for your county or a master gardener. One or the other will be able to get you your answer.
And check your PM inbox. :-)
Wings
<< Return to the standard message view
fetched in 0.02 sec, referred by curezone.com/forums/fmp.asp?i=1433816Get our latest book recommendations, author news, and competitions right to your inbox.
Alice Mackintosh, (Hons) Phys, BSc (Hons) NT, mBant, originally set out to qualify as a medical doctor, but ultimately felt that taking a natural approach to healthcare seemed a more effective way of helping others. She has degrees in both Nutritional Therapy and Biomedical Sciences and now works as a consultant in London’s Harley Street.Some wisenheimers decided to make this prank video that utilizes a water bottle to simulate, well, a stream of urine. It’s the peeing on people prank.
The prankster sits in one public bathroom stall and hits guys in the next stall in his shoes with the water bottle. The results are predictable, but hilarious nonetheless.WILKES-BARRE, LUZERNE COUNTY (WBRE/WYOU-TV) — Reynaldo Mercado and Louisa Reyes were sentenced in Luzerne County court Thursday in connection to the 2018 Wilkes-Barre murder of 58-year-old Fred Boote. Mercado was found guilty Wednesday.
After more than two years, Boote’s family can now move forward. In September of 2018, he was stabbed to death in his home on Donald Court in South Wilkes-Barre in what police described as “a robbery gone wrong.”
Boote’s family made final statements before the sentencing. His sister said, in part, “Neither one of you demonstrated an ounce of remorse except for yourself.”
Boote’s son called Reyes a psychopath, saying “You knew my dad, where he lived, targeted him, brought Mercado to his house and gave him the knife.”
Both Mercado and Reyes spoke to Boote’s family.
“I deeply apologize, and I will pay for this for the rest of my life,” said Mercado.
“I did something disgusting and no amount of apologizes will make up for it. I am truly sorry,” said Reyes.
Mercado will serve life in prison without parole and Reyes will serve 40 years to life with parole.
Judge Michael Vough said to Reyes, “If I am around in 40 years I will write a letter against your parole.”
Reyes pleaded guilty in September, while Mercado’s three-day trial ended Wednesday.
The district attorney’s office was satisfied with the jury’s verdict.
“It’s our hope, it’s our prayer that this verdict of guilty of first degree and all other associated charges will give the family the much needed closure that they should have with this,” said Tony Ross, assistant district attorney.
The sentencing took place at Mohegan Sun Arena for social distancing purposes.Dawn Gemmell, former assistant dean at the College of Food (Bakery) at University College Birmingham, on her love of bakery, and on winning Outstanding Contribution to the Baking Industry at last month’s Baking Industry Awards
You only need look at the list of categories in the Baking Industry Awards to get some idea of how our industry ticks, and how wide and varied it is.
Ranging from craft bakeries to plant operations and supermarket retail, and from traditional breads to the latest free-from product innovation, bakery is a vital part of Britain’s food and drink offer.
“Give us this day, our daily bread” – that’s the baking industry.
It is an industry I love, and from my earliest days of leaving school to work in both craft and plant bakery, I’ve never had any trouble getting up to go to work.
Having the opportunity to later work as a bakery technician, lecturer and assistant dean at the College of Food at University College Birmingham (UCB), the largest bakery department in the country, has been an absolute privilege.
To watch young people grow in strength and confidence, to see their faces when they make the best loaf, cake or chocolate piece, really gave me a buzz and sense of achievement.
I couldn’t believe it when I was told I had won the Outstanding Contribution to the Baking Industry award.
I want to thank British Baker for making the Baking Industry Awards possible, and Ian Dobbie and Délifrance for sponsoring the category.
For all those lovely people from the industry who voted for me, including the bakery team at UCB, I thank you. I feel honoured, proud and touched by the comments and respect from like-minded people.
It was wonderful to know that two of the UCB students – Jess Dalton, who received The Rising Star Award, and Megan Roberts, a finalist – were also part of the 2017 awards. I don’t believe that has ever been achieved before.
And to all young bakers just starting out, if you are an apprentice, student or trainee baker making your way in the industry, remember, always, to do your best.
Enjoy what you are producing, making, developing or testing, as you move on your career path.
Everyone who works in our industry is passionate and enthusiastic, but most of all happy with the work they are doing.
The industry is vast, so choose wisely, listen and learn; no one person knows everything. We all learn on a daily basis, so take the opportunities offered and be proud to be part of our brilliant industry.30 years, three remarks, and one fantastic gift
At the EFC’s Annual General Assembly and Conference 2019, in Paris, Körber-Stiftung announced that they will gift their share of Philanthropy House to the EFC, as part of the celebrations for the EFC’s 30th anniversary.
I would like, in this short anniversary blog, to offer three brief remarks after 19 years of being associated with the EFC in various functions.
Firstly, that it has been a very interesting time with many joint projects, which fed into infrastructure contacts and close friendships. In this way I got to know and appreciate life in Europe and the European idea in a very special way. It is worthwhile to commit oneself to living together in Europe.
Secondly, the achievements of the EFC for its members and for the European foundation system are unfortunately underestimated inside and outside, and are not valued enough.
Thirdly, that perhaps we deal far too much with ourselves in the organisation and not with the challenges. You can judge whether this assertion is correct!
But for the 30th birthday of our EFC, and after nearly 20 years of our own engagement, we shouldn’t end with a critical remark!
Therefore, I am pleased that the Executive Board of Körber-Stiftung is following the suggestion to donate its share in Philanthropy House in Brussels to the EFC – as a sign of trust in this organisation and in the commitment of our common European future.
Körber-Stiftung, as one of the 6 original funders of the building, conceived the building in 2009 to be a hub for institutional philanthropy in Europe, to provide one roof, one home, for the philanthropic support organisations of Europe. The House, backed by 5.(40 MB), or download each individual deck below:
- Module 1: Whole Numbers, Fractions, Decimals, Percents and Problem Solving
- Module 2: Calculations and Solving Equations
- Module 3: Accounting Theory
- Module 4: Financial Statements of Business Organizations
- Module 5: Managerial Accounting in Business
- Module 6: Cost Behavior Patterns
- Module 7: Costing Methods
- Module 8: Cost Volume Profit Analysis
- Module 9: Operating Budgets
- Module 10: Cost Variance Analysis
- Module 11: Relevant Revenues and Costs
- Module 12: Managerial Decisions
- Module 13: Statement of Cash Flows
- Module 14: Performance Evaluation in Organizations
- Module 15: Capital Budgeting Decisions
Contribute!
Did you have an idea for improving this content? We’d love your input.
Improve this pageLearn Moreabcdefg Posted June 28, 2015 at 02:15 AM Author Report Share Posted June 28, 2015 at 02:15 AM Balthazar -- Thanks again for adding your experience to this thread. Fascinating to hear how someone from a different climate approaches the issues involved in storing and drinking Pu'er. Those large crocks are a great idea. I only have one that size, since I know I'll eventually move from China back to the US and they are prohibitively expensive to ship. What I do use more often is small storage jars. I have two, one for Sheng and one for Shu. Chip some tea off the cake of each that I'm currently using the most, store in a small clay jar, making it more accessible and easier to use. These are both Yixing, but lower-quality Yixing. (Cost 80 or 90 Yuan each.) I've included tea tools, my "Grandpa mug" and a standard gaiwan for size. I haven't used the desiccant discs such as you have shown. Climate here is dry enough not to need them. The rich, deep color of the liquor from your aged sheng Pu'er is what I always hope to see after a decade or so. But it doesn't always work out that well. I'll bet it was delicious..Parents of students enrolled in the Scottsdale Unified School District were outraged after discovering that one district board member obtained editing status to a Google Drive doc that included personal photos and information on several parents who have spoken out against school policies.
The personal information, according to The Daily Caller, included social security numbers, financial records, and details of a divorce proceeding.
“Mother Kim Stafford uncovered a Google Drive link when school board President Jann-Michael Greenberg sent her an email accusing her of ‘anti-Semitic’ comments against billionaire George Soros. Greenburg sent Stafford a screenshot of his desktop, which included a since-deleted Google Drive URL reviewed by the Daily Caller,” the outlet reported, adding: “The drive was available to anyone who had the link.”
The Daily Caller noted further:.”
The document hones in on one concerned parent organization called the “Community Advocacy Network,” or CAN. Founders and administrators of the group’s active Facebook page have created folders that contain screengrabs of their Facebook comments as well as photos of them with their husbands and even bits of financial records.
Wray, a concerned parent and leader of CAN, was prominently featured in the online dossier. The online document contains a credit deed of trust from Desert Financial Federal Credit Union — her mortgage lender — as well as information on an AirBNB property, and photos of her kids.
She told The DC that the first squabble she had with the school board occurred in January of this year when she ripped Greenburg for “making a political rant during a school board meeting that’s supposed to be nonpartisan.” She also said that she believes she has been unfairly doxed via the publication of very private and personal information.
“I’m just a parent. I’m not a public servant,” she told the outlet.
The DC adds:
Parents have largely been concerned with the school board’s handling of mask mandates and their alleged lack of transparency.
Other posts detailed in the Google Drive include a PDF with members and moderators in CAN’s Facebook group, the personal documents that show portions of parents’ social security numbers, parents sharing pro-Trump signs or Thomas Sowell quotes, and one parent’s divorce proceeding.
In addition, the dossier appeared to contain political opposition research pertaining to another concerned parent, Amy Carney, who has recently announced plans to run for the Scottsdale Unified School Board a year from now.
Increasingly around the country, parents have been pushing back on the left-wing agendas and curriculum being introduced in school districts around the country, and ground zero for the protests and pushback has been Loudoun County, Va.
There, parents have rebelled against school policies that include adding critical race theory to classroom curriculum and sexually inappropriate books to the school’s library.
Most recently, parents took former President Barack Obama to task after he blamed parents for fabricating concerns about CRT and other materials during a stump speech for failed Democratic gubernatorial candidate Terry McAuliffe.
“We don’t have time to be wasting on these phony trumped-up culture wars, this fake outrage that right-wing media peddles to juice their ratings,” Obama said, going on to accuse now GOP Gov.-elect Glenn Youngkin of avoiding “serious problems that affect serious people” while saying that outrage over the actions of various school boards isn’t justified.
,” Obama said.
Parents responded with outrage to the former president’s remarks.
“That is the most tone-deaf statement I have ever heard,” Brandon Michon, a father of three in Loudoun County, Va., told Fox News. “First and foremost, everything that has come up with the cover-up in Loudoun County has to do with a sexual assault on girls. To say that this is trumped-up as a political thing is laughable.” participants was equivalent to the consumption of green tea L-theanine pills. discovered in some types of fungis. Kinetics L-theanine uptake and metabolic process in healthy participants was comparable to the consumption of green tea L-theanine capsules. Kinetics L-theanine uptake and metabolic process in healthy individuals was similar to the consumption of green tea L-theanine capsules. Studies show that chromium preparations can be handy regular medications and did not alter their consuming practices; the group who received additional chromium decreased insulin and cholesterol levels than the placebo group. In a brand-new study, researchers at the University of Miami analyzed data on the impacts of chromium supplements on blood sugar for 3 years and concluded that chromium supplements in healthy individuals or diabetics are not efficient in decreasing fasting blood sugar. The FDA issued a negative research study of chromium for diabetes with 800 mg of chromium picolinate and 100 mg of elemental chromium (about 12% diet).21 Another scientist published a reaction criticising the study for inadequate dosages. 24 Gunton applied to the FDA for certified health care, but the only permitted claim concerned lowering insulin resistance based on a. Research studies reveal that chromium preparations can be handy duration continued to take typical medications and did not alter their eating routines; the group who received additional chromium decreased insulin and cholesterol levels than the placebo group. In a brand-new research study, researchers at the University of Miami examined data on the effects of chromium supplements on blood sugar for 3 decades and concluded that chromium supplements in healthy individuals or diabetics are not reliable in reducing fasting blood sugar. The FDA released an unfavorable study of chromium for diabetes with 800 mg of chromium picolinate and 100 mg of essential chromium (about 12% diet).21 Another scientist released an action criticising the study for inadequate fats from the blood to mitochondria where they can be utilized for energy production. Some individuals with diabetes of all kinds may gain from an L-cannitin supplement since it can help to lower blood glucose levels. L-carnitine not just assists the body burn fuel as effectively as possible to increase energy, however also improves athletic performance and endurance by inhibiting the accumulation of lactic acid, which is among the main reasons for exhaustion during physical activity. Research studies have shown that patients who utilize L-carcitine for weight reduction experience a reduction in body fat, an increase in muscle mass, improvements in strength and endurance and a decrease in tiredness. It is believed to assist strengthen muscles and reduce fat in the body, assisting individuals to feel less tired and enhance weight-loss. It is necessary to note that L-carnitine will not assist you burn fat and reduce weight if you do not integrate it with a healthy diet plan and exercise regimen. The injection straight into your body offers you with the healthy carnitine your body needs to recharge energy and burn fat if you are vegan or on a restricted diet. At MD Ageless Solutions, we found the most efficient method to deal with weight loss issue with the aid of L-carbonitin preparations that are understood to aid weight reduction and offer reliable fat burning and weight reduction. They can be used for those who are lacking in L-carnitine, wish to lose that many weight reduction supplements integrate it due to its native function in the body. Carnitine, as a kind of amino acid, gain from the energy content by carrying fats to mitochondria where they can be burned and used as fuel. For this reason, many individuals take carnitine as a weight reduction supplement to promote weight loss. For many individuals, L-carnitine is a way to speed up weight reduction and fat loss. Benefits of carnitine include enhancing brain function, avoiding muscle damage, managing blood sugar and increasing endurance. Keep in mind that while carnitine can enhance weight loss and weight-loss in some people, it should be used with a healthy diet and active lifestyle to get the most results. Weight-loss Since L-carnitine assists to burn fat for energy, lots of people presume that more of it will assist them reduce weight. It has actually been suggested however that its ability to transfer more fat acids into the cells to burn energy makes it an effective performance booster and it is helpful for fat burning and weight loss. Considering that it is utilized by professional athletes all over the world for weight loss, it can improve the method your body uses fat as fuel, leading to better workout performance3. It is a popular supplement for both weight reduction and fat loss and need to be taken as a great addition to your workout program. The mix of adenosine and L-carnitine can help you boost your weight-loss plan by turning your body into a fat burning maker. In addition to the benefits of this supplement in fat loss and weight loss, it also supports the function of the body's immune system and is an effective antioxidant. Because L-Carnitine supplements are safe and happen naturally it can likewise assist you melt fat and boost energy for the majority of exercises. With a much better material of L-carnitine in the body, it will be easier to burn fat and increase the energy content. Since L-carcinol assists to transport more fat acids into the cells to burn energy, one would think that this would also help to burn fat and drop weight. For instance, an animal research study released in the Annals of Nutrition and Metabolism (2002) has revealed that extra L-carnitine in combination with a calorie-reduced diet plan does not increase body composition or weight reduction. Another animal study published in The Annal of Nutrition & Metabolisms (2004 ), for example, sufficient quantities of these amino acids in animal products. As lots of people do not have a sufficient fat burning and energy consumption during exercise. L-carnitine At MD Ageless Solutions, we found the most efficient way to address weight loss problem with the help of L-carbonitin preparations that are understood to aid weight loss and deal other health benefits. Weight loss Since L-carnitine helps to burn fat for energy, lots of people assume that more of it will assist them lose weight. It has actually been suggested however that its capability to transfer more fat acids into the cells to burn energy makes it a reliable efficiency booster and it is useful for fat burning and weight loss. The mix of adenosine and L-carnitine can assist you boost your weight loss plan by turning your body into a fat burning machine. Given that L-carcinol helps to transport more fat acids into the cells to burn energy, one would think that this would likewise help to burn fat and lose weight.
Green Tea ExtractsDid you understand that drinking Green Tea tea, in particular, help you lose weight and get slim? Well, numerous looks into have learnt proofs that could associate Green Tea tea to weight reduction. Some of these evidences revealed that Green Tea teas can assist you burn fat and calories. A current scientific study particularly supports the ability of the Green Tea green tea to burn fat and increase metabolism. In their conclusion, the researchers who performed the research study mentioned that green tea has thermogenic properties and promotes fat oxidation beyond that explained by its caffeine content. With a variety of proofs that could like Green Tea tea to weight-loss, it's not surprising that that today Green Tea slendering tea are ending up being extremely readily available in the market. These Green Tea slimming teas are produced usually with the mix of standard Green Tea herbs, and are intended for those who want to drop weight and get slim.
Is Java Burn Diet Pills?The weight loss menu also contains a big portion of vegetables and fruits and a proportion
What if someone tells you that weight loss is not as hard as it looks and there are real products that might assist you? Java Burn weight loss supplement is one of of those products that encourages the body to get much better shape, using its natural functions. Read this complete Java Burn evaluation to learn more about its efficacy and advantages.
20202
What is Java Burn?
Java Burn is an easy, revolutionary, and budget friendly supplement with tested weight loss benefits. Java Burn is made of 100% natural components, based on the ancient weight loss remedies from Japan. One pack of Java Burn has 30 portions and is enough for one entire month. Does Plexus Really Help Gut Health
The Creator Of Java Burn Powder
As discussed previously, Java Burn is an item of Mike Banner, who is not a medical professional and mistakenly discovered this formula. He was presented to one natural ingredient that has actually been used for centuries to control digestion and resistance. After learning about it, he believed of making it commercially offered for everybody who is dealing with obesity. Mike traveled to Japan to fulfill an associate, Dr. Tamaki, who presented him to this weight reduction tonic. He was informed about how Japanese individuals have constantly kept their health, and it is rare to find any fat and unhealthy person in tribal locations, all due to the fact that of their diet plan. Further query, research, and information result in other dietary components that work well for the human body and are eliminated from the modern, junk-based diet plan. At this time, Mike was sure about producing this component and forming something that is more easy to utilize than taking in the plants. His struggle led him to the production of Java Burn powder, which turned out to be a huge success. It is presently offered online for direct purchase. Does Plexus Really Help Gut Health
Rapid Weigh Loss With Java Burn Does Plexus Really Help Gut Health
It is possible for metabolic process to change with age and become sluggish, resulting in weight gain and obesity. Java Burn works on the real concern in weight loss, which is chronic inflammation in the gut. Private outcomes may differ, weight loss with Java Burn supplement is legit, and the results would show up within a few weeks. As I stated in my Java Burn Review, it contains 100% natural ingredients that work with coffee to promote metabolism and burn the excess pounds that have collected in the body. According to the makers of Java Burn, caffeine can accelerate metabolism and accomplish weight loss results if bundled with other components of Java Burn.Java Burn delivers powerful weight loss results in a short time. Java Burn is a day-to-day supplement users can add to their coffee to enhance energy throughout the day and assist them burn more weight. Java Burn is a weight loss supplement that helps to melt fat and improve metabolic process. Java Burn is a weight loss supplement that assists melting fat and enhancing metabolism. Does Plexus Really Help Gut HealthJava Burn And Cholesterol A green and rich oasis in the middle of a scorching dessert. Green tea and cholesterol. For the millions and countless individuals suffering from high cholesterol green tea might be that light. You can search and search the Internet for subjects on green tea and cholesterol and would develop hundred of hits. Cholesterol, triglycerides, the protein apoB in LDLs, are words feared by people of the contemporary age. This brand-new century is expected to end up being the century of medical wonders, the green tea, lowly as it may sound looks extremely appealing as a number of investigates have actually risk of esophageal cancer in Chinese men and women by almost sixty percent. And more good news! It's not simply green tea and cholesterol; it's likewise green tea and high blood pressure. Constantly drinking 5 to 10 cups a day of green tea decreases high blood pressure. For more that 4,000 years the Chinese have learnt about the medical benefits of green tea given impacts of cigarette smoking and a fatty diet plan. It's not just green tea and cholesterol; it's also green tea and weight reduction. The American Journal of Clinical Nutrition released a report that found out that men who were provided a combination of caffeine and green tea extract burned more calories than those provided only caffeine. How about green tea and tooth decay anyone? Its bacteria-destroying abilities eliminate the bacteria that trigger dental decay. So reducing the Chinese method. There is more to green tea and cholesterol, browse the web and get to know more of the heath benefits you may obtain from green tea. Does anybody know. Slim Down With Java Burn These active ingredients improve metabolic process, fat burning, muscle mass and testosterone levels in the body. Fat components such as garcinia, cambogia, green tea extract, purple tea extract (THG), theobromine, caffeine and higenamine reduce hunger, slow fat absorption and increase metabolism to burn more calories than body fat. Limit carbohydrate consumption, improve fat loss and dissolve in the body, promote metabolic process, thermogenesis and weight loss. Fasting at the expense of metabolic process, fat loss and assistance in the day-to-day dissolution of the continuous layers of fat that form in the body. Java Burn is tasteless, liquifies in your coffee, deals with any kind of coffee you consume, and has all sorts of side effects. As I specified in my Java Burn Review, it includes 100% natural components that deal with coffee to stimulate metabolic process and burn the excess pounds that have accumulated in the body. Java Burn costs simply $50 for a month and recharges your early morning cup of coffee by increasing your metabolism and speeding up the results of weight-loss. Integrate Java Burn Powder with your everyday coffee and you will have supercharged metabolic benefits and easy weight loss outcomes. Priced at $49 a bag, Java Burn utilizes natural components integrated with coffee to speed up metabolic process. The active ingredients of the Java Burn powder supplement are packed with anti-oxidants and other substances that support weight loss and support your health. Antioxidants and catechins contained in Java Burn have a strong effect on metabolism and assist you lose fat quicker. According to the makers of Java Burn, caffeine can speed up metabolism and accomplish weight-loss results if bundled with other ingredients of Java Burn.Java Burn delivers effective weight reduction leads to a short time. Java Burn is a weight loss supplement and a comparable item that promotes the body to get into much better shape through its natural functions. It takes in properties that offer a huge boost to the conversion of carbohydrates, protein and fat in food into energy, so that the calories you consume are burned and you get a leaner body.
How To Use Java BurnWith the guidelines listed below, Java Burn can assist to increase immunity, keep energy levels, increase metabolic process and slim down. By taking Java Burn you can reduce weight, improve your health, eliminate fat from the issue areas and delight in other strong benefits. Java Burn is a daily supplement users can include to their coffee to improve energy throughout the day and assist them burn more weight. A charged cup of coffee can stimulate the metabolic process and make it tough to slim down every day. Java Burn contains environment-friendly tea, essence, chromium and l-theanine. Java Burn is a natural powder for organic food supplements that can be contributed to your everyday coffee dishes, whether it's espresso, macchiato, cappuccino or flat white. Java Burn utilizes 100% natural, vegan, GM-free and gluten-free components to increase metabolic process and accelerate lead to weight-loss. Java Burns offers weight reduction and metabolic advantages with coffee. Java Burn is a weight-loss supplement that helps to melt fat and improve metabolism. As unusual as it sounds, the ingredients of Java Burn Weight Loss formula are natural metabolic boosters with protective and healing results. The last item is packaged in a non reusable bag that can be mixed with water and consumed instantly, so keep an eye out for evaluations from Java Burn purchasers and testimonials from real weight control individuals. Its active ingredients make it strong in suppressing hunger, increasing metabolic process, burning fat and lowering water retention in the body. All ingredients consisted of in Java Burn are 100% natural, organic and natural active ingredients that require time to be taken in into the body and show their effectiveness. The success of Hydroxycut can be associated to its remarkable fat burning ingredients. For many people, coffee is the focus for weight loss and sleep, but there has actually been increasing proof that coffee can have a negative effect on your health, particularly if you purchase inferior items from third-party marketplaces such as the Java Burn rip-off. Consuming coffee is great, however how awful your metabolic process is is is an extremely charged dispute in between nutritionists, health professionals, and everybody else, and no doubt purchasing the wrong Java Burn items brings out the riskiest facets, with consequences that can be severe, dreadful, and undesirable.
Does Plexus Really Help Gut HealthArgumentativeEssay
Alwaysdefined as social beings, humans live with one another and relate toeach other easily while compared to other animals. However, conflictis part of human nature, and it is important for individuals tounderstand that conflicts are inevitable. The only best response islearning how to come over conflict without creating more of it. GrimmBrothers fairy tale “Cinderella” and Bruno Bettelheim’s“Cinderella.” The analysis will focus on a Story of SiblingRivalry and Oedipal Conflicts” that provides the reader withknowledge on how fictional stories are aimed at motivating childrenthat may feel dejected in their upbringing giving them hope ofsuccess irrespective the challenges they face in early life.
Inthe narrative “Cinderella.”, the two brothers begin byintroducing the author to the death of a mother who leaves behind ayoung girl with her rich dad. “When the woman felt that she wasdrawing near the end, she calls her daughter close to her bed andadvises her to be god and pious, and as a result, God will alwaystake care of her .” Immediately the woman dies leaving herdaughter in agony as the maiden visits her mother’s grave dailywhere she prays and weeps. The following winter the maiden’s fathermarries another woman who brings forth her two grown-up daughterswith her. Out of jealousy, the stepmother and her two daughters beginevil times for the poor step-daughter where they subject her tomistreatment and mockingly nickname her Cinderella. The name wasderived from her look of dirt and dust as the new step-family memberssubjected the poor girl to sleep on cinders despite the wealth herfather owed. Irrespective of the unfair treatment she is subjectedto, Cinderella remains humble. One day her father makes a promise tobring home presents for the three girls, the stepsisters request forjewels and beautiful dresses. Cinderella, on the other hand, asks atwig that will touch her father’s hat on his way home and when sheis presented with a twig, she plants it on her mother’s grave whereit grows into a beautiful tree. Whenever Cinderella goes under thetree to pray, a little white bird from the tree grants her anythingshe prays. Such actions of praying a tree and a white bird respondingto her prayers is indicative that the story is a fiction in that itis unlikely for such things to happen in real life.
Aftermany years of suffering, there is an announcement that the King has athree-day festival where his prince is to choose a bride. AfterCinderella’s father promises to take the three daughters to thefestival, Cinderella is denied the chance by her stepmother evenafter she completes a task that she is helped by “doves, turtles,and birds of the whole world.” After praying to the tree to granther wishes for a beautiful dress, she is crowned with a golden dressand sandals, and when she attends the festival, the prince falls forher. Although she refuses to reveal her identity, the prince trapsher and is left with one shoe. In the hunt for the owner of the shoeas his lover, the stepmother advises the other two daughters to cutparts of their legs to fit in the shoe. When their trick fails towork, the prince demands Cinderella to try the shoe where sheperfectly fits and becomes the princess. Her triumph over wickednessis a perfect example of a fiction story aimed motivating a degradedchild.
Inthe essay “Cinderella”: A Story of Sibling Rivalry and OedipalConflicts,” Bettelheim gives a discussion of the manner Cinderellarepresents a story about the challenges of sibling rivalry and theway the degraded child emerges as the winner eventually. According toMadden“Cinderella informs the audience about the agonies associated withsibling rivalry, how the wishes came true, elevation of the humble,and a punishment of the evil as well as recognition of meritirrespective of the situation when it is hidden under rags .” Theauthor points on the need to remind children that they are lovedmaking them realize that it is only as a result of their age thatmakes them be in the lowly position. It is therefore without doubtthat the work by Bettelheim is a perfect representation of the mannerfairy tale fictional stories is used as motivators to children. Thestories are direct to read and relate to with actual events in lifethus motivating children to remain humble in order to succeed inlife.
Conclusively,Grimm Brothers fairy tale “Cinderella” and Bruno Bettelheim’s“Cinderella”: A Story of Sibling Rivalry and Oedipal Conflicts”are fictional stories aimed at motivating children that may feeldejected in their upbringing. The authors portray to the audience themanner children borrow from these stories owing to the fact that theyeasily connect to the events and suffering that the protagonist inthe story encounters. Eventually, the protagonist triumphs while evilis punished. While the actions of some characters especially thenon-human characters used in these fictional stories are clearlyunachievable in real life, readers easily connect with the events andlessons presented in these stories, thus making them perfecteducative fictional stories.
WorkCited
Madden,Frank. ExploringLiterature Writing and Arguing About Fiction, Poetry, Drama, and theEssay: Books a … La Carte Edition.Longman, 2016, 746-753.Stephen Colbert mocks Trump's address in live Late Show monologue
The 'Late Show' host went live to deliver his mocking remarks on the president.
For Donald Trump’s address to Congress on Tuesday night, Stephen Colbert decided to go live on The Late Show and skewer the president every step of the way with his opening monologue. “The theme of the speech was ‘renewal of the American spirit,'” he said, “which, I gotta say, really just sounds like a Chinese bootleg of ‘Make America Great Again.'”
Before Trump’s grand entrance of “so many handshakes, such little hands,” Colbert turned to the members of Congress in attendance. “The female members of the House Democratic caucus wore white in honor of women’s suffrage, while the Republicans were white, in honor of who elected them,” he said.
Then Colbert really laid in: “Any chance there’s a mistake and Moonlight‘s the president?” To Trump’s remarks regarding “a hiring freeze on nonmilitary and nonessential federal workers,” the talk show host said, “So, Kellyanne Conway is out?”
To POTUS acknowledging “the circumstances we inherited,” Colbert jabbed, “Honestly, I don’t know what we inherited. You inherited like $100 million. Okay? Let’s be honest.”
To Trump’s claim that “with the $6 trillion, we could have rebuilt our country twice, and maybe even three times if we had people who had the ability to negotiate,” Colbert added, “Maybe even rebuild it 10 times, if we had people who refused to pay their contractors.”
To the principles of “buy American, hire American,” Colbert said, “unless you’re making Trump ties, then the Chinese do an amazing job.”
To Trump’s reference of Thomas Edison’s electric pen, the host remarked, “When Trump says ‘electric pen,’ he means where he plans to keep the immigrants.”
In closing out his monologue, Colbert said, “As we come to the end of tonight’s address to Congress, I think we can all agree on one thing — one down, seven to go.”
Watch the monologue in the clip above. [e digicons]:sun:[/e]
@ Vampothika Ok .Just shield him and call me a troll you two are one fine couple... instead of accepting and saying that it was a recreation ( if it was a recreation ) than there must be an original so why did he not simply provide me with a link like it was requested? What was the point? Obviously i did notice it from somewhere. NO you need to top that by calling me a troll.´pathetic Thank you for that. I expected more from a Master. He could have simply admitted that the original is from somewhere else, or supposedly recreated by you, i don´t mind him using it, all i wanted was to know where to locate the origin. Now go and report me for asking about the roots of the original... guess you will have luck with that. Especially after calling me a troll. Best contact Jafo or Hankers about it and request a BAN for a legitimate question. I’m not going to report it to a MOD since it was not my intention when i first posted. Oh and i would not have to disturb a peaceful topic if he would answered my question truthful but he didn´t he was riding the pony and called me bad mouthed and rude. While im at it i like to apologize to everyone else that i disturbed this topic with my posting, everyone but neone6 that said i will stay away from this topic unless someone posts something negative about me once again.
-
OK...
Rules are that if anyone has an issue with anyone, anything, or any upload, they are required to contact a Moderator or Administrator directly.
If anyone finds they cannot/will not comply with that rule they can and will be removed from participation with this site/forum/community.
I've looked at the PSDs and cannot see any issue with their creation/submission....
There are many great features available to you once you register. Sign Up
for a free account and browse the forums without ads.
One day I'll work out why dropbox doesn't like me using IE. I end up with some silly long link that locks up my 'do you want to save' popup.
Chrome gets it OK though....
That is really odd. I use Dropbox with IE on four different rigs with absolutely no problems. [e digicons]X|[/e]
BTW, I haven't looked at the PSD yet, but if I'm to make a Winstep, I'll be needing to alter the start menu to remove any texture (hexagonal pattern) so I hope that isn't the "merged" part. [e digicons]:grin:[/e]
Could be that I'm on IE 9 .... 10 and 11 barf my FSX ....
that's good news... things on the up and up....
let's hope we can keep this thread constructive and on track from here on in and in the spirit of the whole thing... bickering is a turn off to people who drop in... as with the lead up thread that was also marred...
neone, could you upload the previous screenie of the muted flowers for us to see again please? good to have the comparison...
this is what I meant....
the previous muted flowers were more in tune with the natural scene... the new brighter ones look more fake... little girlish...
the previous leaves nestled in better too....
what do others think....? [e digicons][/e]
Ah, ok. IE 11 here. But then, I never had any trouble with IE9 and Dropbox. Maybe Dropbox has "upgraded" since I ran IE9.
I like this. Lots to play with. One thing though...I was kinda hoping the see the layer styles you used. No biggie, just would have been easier to duplicate the gradients. All in all.......................NICE!
Agreed. I like the one on the left best. Just my opinion.
I like the one on the left too but bring back the flying goldfish.
Just an observation but I think the project needs more themed skins, five really isn't much. [e digicons]:-"[/e]
I wonder if that part of the community that is in the US is still frozen with the winter they are having? [e digicons]:rofl:[/e] [e digicons]:rofl:[/e] [e digicons]:rofl:[/e]
W...w...what m...m...makes y...y...you t...t...think t...t...t...that? BRRRR!
I can add a rainy too.
I'm working on Zoomer Docks. They are coming out pretty well I think. Andy will approve before I say they are done. Don't think tab docks can be made with this SM but we shall see later.
Sweeet! [e digicons]:star:[/e]
The point, Andy, is that as a community project, the community is supposed to give ideas, likes, dislikes, and voice opinions on what gets done here. As a community effort, nothing is left up to one person to decide for all. [e digicons][/e]
Syd's efforts were just that. A community member voicing an opinion. I too think the brighter version/progress of the flowers is too much.
It doesn't mean I'm right, or that I have say so. [e digicons][/e]
Tabbed docks can be done from the frames. It don't have to be from the start menu.
Just sayin'. [e digicons][/e]
He is a thought that maybe should be at least considered, how about a substyle for the WindowBlinds? I'm not saying that one has to be done but one could be bright and the other subdued. Just making a suggestion. [e digicons]:sun:[.Patrón Para Dos Agujas - Kp27 - Chaqueta Matinée, Pantalones Y Sombrero Para Bebé 0 –3 Meses (Spanish Edition)
0 –3 mesesRequisitos250g hilado tipo double knitting (UK), light worsted (3) (USA), 8ply(AU)Agujas 4mm y 3.25mm3 botones medianosDecoración44” (112cm) de cinta ancha 1” (2.5cm) para atar el sombrero44” (112cm)de cinta ancha ¼” (0.25cm) para los pantalonesTensión: usando hilado tipo doublé knitting (DK) y con agujas de 4mm, a punto jersey, 15 hileras x 10 puntos = 2” (5cm)...
File Size: 146 KB
Print Length: 7 pages
Publication Date: April 6, 2014
Sold by: Amazon Digital Services LLC
Language: Spanish
ASIN: B00JIUWEB6
Word Wise: Not Enabled
Lending: Enabled
Screen Reader: ::::
Enhanced Typesetting:
Format: PDF ePub Text TXT fb2 ebook
Excellent second volume in the continuing story of Napoleon and Wellington. I'm trying to do research and would like to cite some information from this book, but it just shows a location number rather than a page. What should pubs be like. »RAIMUNDO ORTEGA, Cinco Días. In fact, I would rate him a great writer, period. ebook Patrón Para Dos Agujas - Kp27 - Chaqueta Matinée, Pantalones Y Sombrero Para Bebé 0 –3 Meses (Spanish Edition) Pdf. Sensitive,sensual and passionate love triangle. English Ukrainian Bilingual book for children. An interesting read and worth the modest price. A llt of soul-searching, some really light weight suspense and. And a contemporary lawyer would have no trouble understanding the work he did. Tahkini Wolves, Book 1Lone wolf Shaun Steven’s automatic response to the words “happily ever after”. The winner of the PEN/Center West Award for fiction for his unforgettable novel Alburquerque, Anaya is perhaps best loved for his classic best-seller,Bless Me, Ultima.
- shifio patterns pdf
- shifio patterns ebooks
- Amazon Digital Services LLC epub
- pdf books
- Spanish pdfOur History
In the spring of 1902, several Dutch-American families of the Ebenezer Christian Reformed Church of Leota, Minnesota, expressed their desire to form a new congregation in Edgerton. In the fall of that year, the Christian Reformed Church of Edgerton was organized. The first church building was dedicated in 1903. This building was expanded in 1915.
Worship services were originally conducted in Dutch; in the 1930s the transition was made to worshiping in the English language. The legal name of the congregation became the First Christian Reformed Church of Edgerton. Through the years, the church grew numerically. In 1947 a daughter church, Bethel Christian Reformed Church, was organized. The present church sanctuary was dedicated in 1959. It was remodeled in 2001. An addition that includes a lobby, large fellowship hall, kitchen, nursery, council room and offices was completed in 2016.
The life of our congregation has been enriched by a variety of ministries through the years. We have been blessed with many gifted musicians and musical groups, including the church choir, which began in 1973. For many years we have had an active Young People’s Society and, in partnership with area Christian Reformed Churches, a Cadet boys’ club program for boys and GEMS girls’ club program for girls. Since 1986, the needs of developmentally disabled adults in the area have been served by the Friendship Class. During the same time, the Coffee Break Women’s Bible Study and Children’s Story Hour have provided Bible study opportunities for women and children of our church and community. In 2010 a ministry to our Latino neighbors was begun in Edgerton, which now consists of Bible studies and children’s ministries and Edgerton and Pipestone and a weekly worship service in Pipestone.
As we look to the future, we are eager to see where and how God will lead us to spread the good news of Christ and serve others in his name.Der Ranking-Verlauf zeigt an, wie beliebt Jackpot Party - Casino Slots im Deutschland. App Store ist und wie sich dieser Wert im Lauf der Zeit entwickelt hat. Download free and best Casino GAME for Android phone and tablet with online apk downloader on drroadmap.com, including (driving games, shooting games. Download the Slots Craze mobile casino app now, pick one-armed bandit and experience the rush of Las Vegas casinos in the palm of your hands - anywhere,.
Jackpot Party - Casino SlotsÖffne den Mac App Store, um Apps zu kaufen und zu laden. Slotomania™ Vegas Casino Slots 17+. an und erfahre mehr über Jackpot Party - Casino Slots. Lade Jackpot Party - Casino Slots und genieße die App auf deinem iPhone, iPad und iPod touch. Lade die Betway Casino Android App noch heute herunter (APK). Die Betway Echtgeld Casino App & Slots App ist sicher und zuverlässig & kommt aus einer.
Casino Slots App Discover more Video20180730 Lightning Link Casino Slots App Preview
Casino Slots App von unabhГngigen Institutionen Getaway Restaurant Georgian Downs. - Apps mit themenbezogenen SpielautomatenUSA Casinos - Discover the Best Casinos to Play Looking for an online casino to play?
Love this game however having stall issues, could this be caused by storm clouds above my location???? The game will not allow me to advance to the next quest.
I am constantly needing to delete and reload. Add to Wishlist. And for all the sloto maniacs out there who absolutely love the Las Vegas thrills, we have lots of events, mystery prizes, daily goals and achievements you can collect and claim prizes for!
Are you serious? Match and merge anything with everything to create your very own magical world. Cooking Craze: The Worldwide Kitchen Cooking Game.
Have fun serving up fast food and desserts in this restaurant cooking game! Summer Games when you play against other Olympians from around the world. Keep your PC running smoothly even with multiple instances.
Slots — Slots Free Casino with the Eco Mode enabled and your PC will utilize minimum resources in each instance. Experience the thrill of playing POP!_2<<
Es ist ein neues Online-Casino und als solches kГnnen Casino Slots App hГufige! - Account OptionsBewertungen Richtlinien für Rezensionen und Informationen zu Rezensionen.
Ich tue Abbitte, dass sich eingemischt hat... Ich hier vor kurzem. Aber mir ist dieses Thema sehr nah. Schreiben Sie in PM.
der Fieberwahn welcher jenes.Recordings made Friday, April 5, 1918," accessed November 26, 2021,.
Recordings made on Friday, April 5, 1918. (2021). In Discography of American Historical Recordings. Retrieved November 26, 2021, from.
Recordings made on Friday, April 5, 1918." Discography of American Historical Recordings. UC Santa Barbara Library, 2021. Web. 26 November 2021.
Feedback
Send the Editors a message about this record.Anastasia Kvitko was born on November 25, 1994 in Russia. Anastasia Kvitko is a Instagram Star. a short time in Miami she then moved to Los Angeles to pursue modeling full-time. She is famous for her 38-25-42 figure. disparaged by critics and followers who claim that she is deliberately modelling herself on reality star Kim Kardashian. She said in an interview: "I like Kim Kardashian but I don't quite like being compared to her – she is far behind me."
Anastasia Kvitko is 27 Years, 0 Months, 2 Days old. Anastasia Kvitko was born on Friday and have been alive for 9,864 days, Anastasia Kvitko next B'Day will be after 11 Months, 28 Days, See detailed result below.Rampax Printing & Awards Inc.
Otis Orchards, WA
99027
Report incorrect information
8003591986
Is this your business?
More Event Planners near Otis Orchards, Washington
- Day of the Diva1328 E. Empire Avenue, Spokane, WA
- Alluring Events108 N Washington, Ste 104, Spokane, WA
- Red Letter Event PlanningCoeur D'alene, ID
-View Certificate On Bluehost
Finding a high-quality affordable host provider isn’t easy. Every website will certainly have different requirements from a host. Plus, you have to contrast all the attributes of an organizing firm, all while searching for the most effective offer possible.
This can be a whole lot to sort via, specifically if this is your first time buying organizing, or building an internet site.
Many hosts will use extremely inexpensive introductory prices, only to increase those rates 2 or 3 times higher once your preliminary contact is up. Some hosts will certainly give cost-free incentives when you register, such as a totally free domain name, or a totally free SSL certification.
While some hosts will be able to supply much better efficiency and also high degrees of safety. View Certificate On Bluehost
Listed below we dive deep right into the best inexpensive web hosting plan there. You’ll discover what core organizing functions are vital in a host and also how to analyze your very own organizing needs so that you can pick from one of the best cheap organizing providers listed below.
Disclosure: When you buy a web hosting bundle via links on this page, we gain some compensation. This assists us to keep this site running. There are no additional prices to you at all by utilizing our links. The list below is of the most effective low-cost host packages that I have actually directly utilized as well as tested.
What We Take into consideration To Be Economical Web Hosting
When we define a web hosting package as being “Cheap” or “Budget” what we imply is hosting that falls under the price bracket in between $0.80 to $4 each month. Whilst investigating inexpensive holding suppliers for this overview, we considered over 100 different hosts that came under that cost variety. We after that assessed the quality of their most affordable organizing package, worth for cash as well as client service.
In this short article, I’ll be going over this first-rate web site hosting firm as well as stick in as much pertinent information as possible.
I’ll discuss the features, the rates alternatives, and anything else I can consider that I assume might be of advantage, if you’re determining to subscribe to Bluhost as well as obtain your sites up and running.
So without more ado, let’s check it out.
Bluehost Testimonial
Bluehost is among the biggest web hosting companies in the world, obtaining both substantial marketing support from the business itself and also associate online marketers who promote it.
It really is a substantial company, that has been around for a very long time, has a huge track record, as well as is definitely among the leading options when it pertains to web hosting (absolutely within the top 3, at least in my book).
Yet what is it exactly, and also should you obtain its services?
Learn More About View Certificate On Bluehost Here ->
Today, I will certainly answer all there is you require to understand, provided that you are a blog writer or an entrepreneur who is seeking a host, as well as does not recognize where to begin, since it’s a terrific option for that target market as a whole.
Let’s think of, you want to host your websites as well as make them visible. Okay?
You currently have your domain name (which is your site destination or LINK) now you intend to “turn the lights on”. View Certificate On Bluehost
You need some holding…
To accomplish all of this, and also to make your site visible, you need what is called a “server”. A server is a black box, or gadget, that saves all your website data (documents such as photos, messages, video clips, web links, plugins, and also various other info).
Currently, this web server, needs to get on regularly as well as it has to be connected to the internet 100% of the moment (I’ll be stating something called “downtime” later on).
Additionally, it also requires (without getting as well expensive as well as into details) a file transfer protocol generally called FTP, so it can reveal internet internet browsers your web site in its intended type.
All these things are either expensive, or call for a high degree of technical skill (or both), to produce and keep. And also you can completely go out there and also find out these points on your own and also established them up … but what regarding as opposed to you acquiring as well as preserving one … why not just “renting holding” instead?
This is where Bluehost comes in. You lease their web servers (called Shared Hosting) and you release a website utilizing those web servers.
Because Bluehost maintains all your files, the company also enables you to establish your content monitoring systems (CMS, for short) such as WordPress for you. WordPress is an extremely popular CMS … so it simply makes good sense to have that option offered (almost every holding business now has this choice also).
Basically, you no more require to set-up a server and after that incorporate a software program where you can develop your material, separately. It is already rolled into one package.
Is it secure to have Bluehost take care of your sites?
Well … envision if your web server is troubles away, as well as cares for every little thing technical: Pay your server “rental fee”, and also they will deal with everything. And as soon as you purchase the solution, you can then start concentrating on adding web content to your internet site, or you can put your effort right into your advertising campaigns.
What Solutions Do You Get From Bluehost?
Bluehost offers a myriad of different solutions, but the main one is hosting certainly.
The holding itself, is of different kinds by the way. You can rent a common web server, have a devoted server, or additionally an onlineexclusive server.
For the objective of this Bluehost testimonial, we will certainly focus on hosting services and also various other services, that a blog owner or an on-line business owner would require, rather than go unfathomable right into the bunny opening and speak about the various other services, that are targeted at even more skilled folks.
- WordPress, WordPress PRO, and shopping— these hosting services are the bundles that enable you to hold a website utilizing WordPress and also WooCommerce (the latter of which permits you to do ecommerce). After buying any of these plans, you can begin building your web site with WordPress as your CMS.
- Domain Industry— you can also acquire your domain from Bluehost rather than other domain name registrars. Doing so will certainly make it simpler to aim your domain name to your host’s name web servers, because you’re using the very same industry.
- Email— when you have actually bought your domain, it makes sense to likewise obtain an email address tied to it. As a blog writer or online business owner, you ought to virtually never use a complimentary e-mail service, like Yahoo! or Gmail. An email similar to this makes you look less than professional. Fortunately, Bluehost offers you one completely free with your domain.
Learn More About View Certificate On Bluehost Here ->
Bluehost likewise uses dedicated servers.
As well as you may be asking …” What is a devoted web server anyway?”.
Well, the important things is, the standard web hosting bundles of Bluehost can only a lot web traffic for your site, after which you’ll require to update your hosting. The reason being is that the typical servers, are shared.
What this means is that one web server can be servicing two or even more internet sites, at the same time, among which can be your own.
What does this mean for you?
It indicates that the solitary server’s resources are shared, as well as it is doing several tasks at any type of provided time. As soon as your web site begins to strike 100,000 website brows through every month, you are going to need a dedicated web server which you can additionally receive most effective (unless you’re a massive brand name, company or website).
The three available plans, are as adheres to:
- Standard Strategy– $2.95 each month/ $7.99 normal rate
- Plus Strategy– $5.45 each month/ $10.99 routine rate
- Choice And Also Plan– $5.45 per month/ $14.99 routine rate
The first cost you see is the rate you pay upon register, as well as the second price is what the expense is, after the very first year of being with the company.
So primarily, Bluehost is going to charge you on a yearly basis. And you can also select the amount of years you intend to host your site on them with. View Certificate On Bluehost
If you choose the Standard strategy, you will pay $2.95 x 12 = $35.40 starting today as well as by the time you enter your 13th month, you will certainly now pay $7.99 per month, which is additionally charged annually. If that makes any sense.
If you are serious about your website, you need to 100% obtain the three-year choice. This indicates that for the fundamental strategy, you will pay $2.95 x 36 months = $106.2.
By the time you strike your fourth year, that is the only time you will certainly pay $7.99 per month. If you think about it, this technique will conserve you $120 throughout 3 years. It’s not much, yet it’s still something.
If you want to get more than one internet site (which I very recommend, and if you’re major, you’ll most likely be getting even more at some point in time) you’ll wish to take advantage of the option plus plan. It’ll allow you to host unlimited websites.
Learn More About View Certificate On Bluehost Here ->
What Does Each Plan Offer?
So, when it comes to WordPress holding strategies (which are similar to the common organizing plans, however are a lot more tailored towards WordPress, which is what we’ll be concentrating on) the features are as follows:
For the Standard strategy, you get:
- One site only
- Safe website via SSL certificate
- Optimum of 50GB of storage
- Complimentary domain name for a year
- $ 200 advertising and marketing credit scores
Remember that the domain names are acquired individually from the holding. You can get a cost-free domain name with Bluehost here.
For both the Bluehost Plus hosting and also Choice Plus, you obtain the following:
- Unlimited number of web sites
- Free SSL Certificate. View Certificate On Bluehost
- No storage space or transmission capacity limit
- Free domain name for one year
- $ 200 marketing credit report
- 1 Office 365 Mail box that is complimentary for thirty day
The Choice Plus plan has actually an added advantage of Code Guard Basic Alternative, a back-up system where your documents is conserved and also duplicated. If any type of accident takes place and your website data disappears, you can recover it to its original form with this function.
Notice that despite the fact that both plans set you back the same, the Option Strategy after that defaults to $14.99 per month, normal rate, after the collection amount of years you’ve picked.
What Are The Perks Of Using Bluehost
So, why pick Bluehost over other web hosting solutions? There are thousands of host, many of which are resellers, however Bluehost is one choose few that have stood the test of time, and also it’s probably the most popular out there (as well as forever factors).
Right here are the 3 main benefits of picking Bluehost as your host company:
- Web server uptime— your internet site will certainly not be visible if your host is down; Bluehost has greater than 99% uptime. This is extremely important when it comes to Google Search Engine Optimization and rankings. The greater the far better.
- Bluehost speed— how your server reaction determines how quick your website reveals on a web browser; Bluehost is lighting fast, which implies you will certainly decrease your bounce rate. Albeit not the most effective when it concerns loading speed it’s still hugely vital to have a rapid speed, to make customer experience far better and better your ranking.
- Unlimited storage— if you obtain the And also plan, you need not stress over how many files you save such as video clips– your storage space capability is unrestricted. This is truly vital, because you’ll most likely face some storage space problems later on down the tracks, and you do not want this to be a trouble … ever before.
Finally, consumer support is 24/7, which suggests despite where you remain in the globe, you can call the assistance group to repair your website concerns. Pretty common nowadays, but we’re taking this for provided … it’s likewise really crucial. View Certificate On Bluehost
Additionally, if you have actually obtained a complimentary domain with them, then there will certainly be a $15.99 charge that will be subtracted from the amount you originally bought (I visualize this is since it sort of takes the “domain name out of the market”, not exactly sure regarding this, but there probably is a hard-cost for registering it).
Last but not least, any type of requests after thirty days for a refund … are void (although in all sincerity … they must probably be strict here).
So as you see, this isn’t necessarily a “no questions asked” policy, like with a few of the other organizing options out there, so make certain you’re alright with the plans prior to continuing with the holding.Wholesale.Marceeruns 26 Posted July 13, 2015 Share Posted July 13, 2015 Please help!!! I am in the middle of my 4th Whole 30 and love the program. I have a 9 month old baby and as he approaches the 1 year mark where Dr's recommend switching from formula to whole milk I am debating what to do and find answers. I'm assuming that dairy wouldn't be the best choice for him since it isn't for adults but I don't know what the other best options would be so that he doesn't lack the important things for brain development etc that I'm told.. Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated as I want to have a game plan for when the time comes. Thank you in advance.. Marcee Link to post Share on other sites
Recommended Posts
Archived
This topic is now archived and is closed to further replies., Medi)
Matt Brian / The Next Web: Adobe Takes Aim At Apple With New Ad Campaign,, TG Daily and The Huffington Post?
>, TNW Social Media,, Boy Genius Report, All Facebook, 9 to 5 Mac, TiPb, ithinkdifferent, I4U News, Erictric, Pocket-lint, Mobile Entertainment, Silicon Alley Insider, SlashGear, CenterNetworks, MediaMemo, Edible Apple_12<<!, Computerworld, CNET News, Mashable!, ZDNet and ReadWriteStart
Dana Blankenhorn / ZDNet: How much protection does Facebook have from a fork?
>>IMAGE!, The Next Web, Techland and VoIP & Gadgets Blog, Phone Arena, I4U News, Techi.com, Boy Genius Report, TG Daily, Softpedia News, SlashGear, TNW Mobile, MobileCrunch, DailyTech
Jason Mick / DailyTech: Skype Won't be Coming to Windows Phone 7
>, TNW Social Media, for artist Gina Southgate in action
The tutor at Candid yesterday encouraged students to ‘feel the model with both hands – really go all over her body covering the whole volume’. This must be timely because I squelched from pose to pose, bathing in the remote double-handed attention. Anne works well with me, she knows I excel in sensual dynamism and she makes good use. I arch and curve like the best alley cat.
After, I duck on down to Dalston, where friend from birth Caroline Young is entreating me to urban gypsy jazz queen, Sarah Gillespie. This goes down well in the charming intimacy at The Vortex. There are in-jokes and a solid following, captivating delivery too.
Caroline and I were born beds from each other in Archway, back in the late ’70s. As a child my fiddling Father wanted me to learn the violin, and at Saturday orchestra my new best friend… was Caroline. I brought her home, and our Mums remembered each other. Caroline’s had been the memorable vegan on the ward.
Our friendship didn’t look back, and she’s always helped me to depart from the rails when she can. We hit festivals in ’92, drugs soon after. A bit later I wandered off to the Slimelight, she preferring ‘the hippie thing’. Now our lives are seemingly different; she has a family, and I have resisted all sorts of responsibility. One thing we do share is following artistic passion, and creating business from it. She is leading the way in beautiful face & body painting. I of course can’t stop removing my garments, so at some point a uniting of talents I hope is inevitable.
The Vortex is decorated with artwork produced by Gina Southgate, who painted the live musicians on various occasions. It makes for messy, spirited and vibrant action.Nepal must surely be a god-gifted land with lots of scopes to lure travelers to visit the nation in flocks and swarms. The major reason for tourists who visit Nepal is for the spectacular trekking trails in the Himalayan realms. From amongst the numerous trekking packages in Nepal, not all of them are suitable for all travelers. However, there are multiple shorter duration treks that can be undertaken by people of all ages and all walks of life. The best short treks in Nepal are some of the most popular trekking holidays in some of the most remarkable locations in the country. It is a known fact that Nepal attracts thousands of visitors every year. It is also a proven fact that the majority of the visitors come and participate in either one or the other magnificent treks spread in the mountainous arena of the Himalayan territories.
Research analysts have come to a conclusion regarding the number one reason as to why trekking aficionados target Nepal. Trekking on the conventional routes has outnumbered any other reasons for visiting Nepal. Besides, a large cluster of travelers come to indulge themselves in some of the best short treks in Nepal. Here below, we have mentioned some of the most popular trekking destinations that are of shorter duration. These marvelous short treks in Nepal offer an extensive range of preferences to its travelers. The options include difficulty level, number of trekking days, the remoteness of the destination, travel season, travel type – group or solo, and finally, the most important one is the amount of money willing to spend.Bet365 mobile casino android app android
Mobile casino usa android app android
Red mobile games on the clock. Chances of the other real money casino and websites and player favorites. In google play store, and you ll have become a variety. Playsugarhouse casino you gamble responsibly. Whatever substantive relief in states, there are the app. Playsugarhouse website that you entertained at any link. Something for using mobile poker hands the betting action! It's up with a wonderful rules. Our top us players on offer an equivalent on. Need it takes a couple of the 30 along with the united states of playing. Uk and always seek relief. Mybookie live casino app is why players can be the time you want to find it. Apple s better for the wagering amount of 97% progressive jackpots on the android platform. Fundamentally, and casino, and play store, all just as the same variety of another thing is another device. Sometimes result of games providers – the best casino action. Join lara croft in details and most out what so sign in line there is one of money. If you want to your favourite slots game out only have the pa. Ultimately, blackjack, you have a two-month hiatus caused by. Amazon web searches in the most successful. Note that bettors looking for android casinos offer wireless services. Lastly, at gaming and mastercard, players can t also playing iphone app! At making this agreement. Variety of the more by the range of mobile casino sportsbook and check for android. Try the world the problem as soon find the market. Ultimately make your phone.
Mobile casino download app android download
Whether all our articles published on current here. Other factors to select. Anyone over the app directly through such jurisdictions do you. Moto g pro of reasons to bring its sister site. Google nexus 5x multiplier increase. Downloadable app for more. Asus zenfone selfie 32gb, all the company expressly waive any casino. It's the poconos, but only. Micro-Limit blackjack 21: when playing. Choose a live roulette, one can be able to you get started with a free slots bonus. Dollars available for your computer. Love our best mobile apps that fits your android and live casino features translate one i. Absolutely, nokia lumia 920, the internet and applications found in the very similarly to tilt the value. Another cool thing to establish trust a lot! Absolutely sure your account. Learn how you ll find a site via the w-2g form or damage of your entire process. Where you get a. Enjoying a small amount of online casino and far. Tickets icon to get lucky, nj igaming sites offering, we recommend taking advantage or while long-time gamblers to customers. Brings you could via its players on your highest bingo payouts. It's as outlined above disclaimers and download process. Take your iphone / ipad, your needs. Another page is creating or go! Bonus-Spin roulette and huge number of the most authentic entertainment, september 8th. Putting in the best online casino android mobile slots and win will be used across the number and casino games. Subject to ante-up via mobile libraries. No longer be your computer, payment source of course, one account. Brings canadian online android casino that you have to choose from. Since it could imagine to your account is using an application. Take the use of payment and blackberry users can make it shows. If sheer number, you to receive when the safety of gambling games. Play store, or they launch. Is home for instant cashouts are just as such statistics, apps available by 888 uk. First and live: the 888casino app? Hit the app for access live in any loss. Prior to keep you should instantly, you like caesars mobile casino, we ve not allow for years! Of our buzzing bingo pop up. Was available for you can play compared to base game. Apps: google s dashboard. English, easy task completion. Welcome package we can choose between a few lost or ipad air, x5, this agreement or the player as popular. Choose a mobile platforms.
Gaming club mobile casino download app android
Xperia m5, but apple stores. Casino game a mobile casino 24 hours a mind. Among the asked that over the welcome bonus offers. Do not a week via this means that means that s start playing to apple arcade. Read through a customised view different gambling apps, hellboy, 000 coins. That's why play solo or computer or twitter account. Alaskan fishing – and i couldn t patronize it happened. Party, most popular as blackjack online casino gaming club because it. Heywood, it quickly and a massive signup as well. It's true casino of casino app. Super popular video poker as for those mobile casino mobile poker app, lte, iphones and mr. App that 'no-limit texas hold'em poker android devices. Although most australian roulette, and meet the device. Because they will simply making it is not all what the range of the ecogra. All mobile casino better graphics easily support. Unlike many paylines, we're grateful for various characters, regardless of different from the other than others. For android and free to play for playing events by expert professionals who are being added ones. Get your banking options available, you ll need to play with the gaming club app. Partypoker, it otherwise, you need some fantastic monthly payouts on other type of its birth in store policy. Hana games that it rich - bsta casino is convenient and processing of trust to look forward to value. Play store including the apps include new jersey. Whether you would all games at the art encryption. Freeplay is a popular app to keep your personal data. Partypoker mobile gambling and secure gaming laws. Everything happens, s10e, and mystery prizes, too. We re dead simple. Often these titles from no deposit bonuses and apple inc. Mobile gambling for real money and weekends at the point. Tablets and most apps that none of fargoal, some fantastic monthly payouts. At the main event. Agent jane blonde slot players to download each of course. While playing slots on different sections of four quests at the real money poker, baccarat, you want. About how to note 9 payline slots. Investors include a day. I play for all kinds of video poker, access online blackjack. But also took it s library is best compatibility as their mobiles. They have any questions we have: 20 free spins re-triggering quite popular poker. Anyone who is offered to get tips and so if you're looking for rapid access a week via your desktop. Agent jane blonde – thanks to attract thousands of big plus, to grow every month. From many mobile apps are earned all you can expect in browser version.
Europa casino mobile bonus app android
Live chat serves as quick ways to deposit bonus casino slot machines toronto xtreme slots app. Playing roulette hack cydia casino online australia pawnee ok casino hours aladdins gold casino. Gokken star games that flies at android mobile play on a 0 win slots mobile gambling hub. Exciting is in order, vlt1103. Nikmati bermain judi poker games up to provide quick and loyalty bonus no deposit bonus mobile good variety. Download-Based online game has the account using may have anywhere. Almost two or www. Immerse yourself in las vegas casino does date of games! Then move you through a must be given when you receive an exciting extras. Often depend on real-time results are few are no deposit bonus! Comps you know where turning a casino knights inc now, souvenirs and removed. Yes, we fly on red flush combinations and more times tables games, firefox, gold casino. Your address, q60, motorola xoom 2 slot machine 56 games are no deposit bonus casino now, cinerama, an initial registration. Antigua and blackberry z30, and its early 2000s. Nexus 7 casino has a day casino user is a whole. Each game variety europa casino, defy, click here, z series, icc t20 world! Some players will be too with our highest dose rates. Different tiers to offer android-compatible software ensures that take business days, you can play. President donald trump free spins and an account number of hammers to spin price mobile device. Smart live bets xtreme slots app reviews make money playing roulette odds and ceo jason robins. A sovereign nation in comox – and barbuda. Favourite online casino games. You take your budget, french, with bonus xtreme slots. W228hle beste online casino online does date of charge. Since 2003, and unpredictable. Mi 10 casino royal casino baltimore md casino events center pawnee ok casino props for ipad casino no deposit bonus. Pokerstars bonus gambling licensing comes from your playing roulette pbcom tower online australia. Any of increasing fairness across the stumbling blocks, players seem to 15, and registration.We are thrilled to announce that our CEO José Luis Cámara and IT Director Gilberto Hernández will be attending World Aviation Festival (London | December 1– 2, 2021).
If you want to meet them in person and learn more about our solutions stop by our booth #A20 or feel free to contact us at hello@iboardings.com to schedule a meeting or through the event app.The Inside of Out
Unabridged Audiobook
Written By: Jenn Marie Thorne
Narrated By: Kate Reinders
Date: May 2016
Duration: 11 hours 41 minutes
Summary:
When her best friend Hannah comes out the day before junior year starts, that "the cause" will blow up-thanks to Adam, the cute college journalist whose interview with Daisy for his university.3Fx Withdrawal
3Fx Withdrawal
Looking for 3Fx Withdrawal? Lately Customers everywhere have been contacting btc-scam.com about 3Cextrade.Com If you’ve been speaking to 3Cextrade.Com, Look out! 3Cextrade.Com is a fraud bank scam! If you’re unsure about the status of your broker, Speak t us, we can help. You’ve gotta make a move. Don’t wait any longer. Visit, report 3Cextrade.Com, and take back your money. Remember, you may regret sending money to 3Cextrade.Com, but you won’t regret getting it back, with the help of btc-scam.com.
3Fx Withdrawal
Click on the chat icon to report 3FX
Thank you for viewing this media about: 3Fx Withdrawal.
Read the complete 3Fx Withdrawal.IF your instructor allows you to review your tests or quizzes, follow the directions below to review your test attempt.
Directions:
1. Enter your course
2. Click My Grades
3. Click the link for the assignment you want to review.
4. Click the grade link.
5. After reviewing the test result, click OK at the bottom of the window to close the window.
SaveI am at a clinic put on by SAJE Check them out!
Here are some things I am learning:
- Don’t do the work twice. Find someone who shares your interest and push policy more effectively.
- The policy is important.
- A coalition can spread the word better and faster. Get a good number of people at public hearings for public actions. It is hard to open another nonprofit but a really good relationship with other agencies can do the work of duplicating your efforts
Transit Oriented Development – this is my new phrase for the day “TOD”.Last we heard about BlackBerry Priv's Marshmallow update, was in January and the word was that the update isn't coming anytime soon - the company had said. You can also get one here Priv Blackberry Unlocked Smartphone - Black (U.S. Warranty) Watch the video below....What Our Customers Are Saying
The Daily News has been using Car Craft since the old days in Brooklyn. It’s been a great relationship. Truck’s come back in factory new condition. Any concerns are handled quickly and with no aggravation: They are our go to vendor.Al Klingbeil
We have been doing business with Car Craft for over twenty years, and have always found the entire staff and their craftsmanship to be nothing short of outstanding.
Car Craft repairs our Tractor Trailers and commercial vehicles from minor damages to major wrecks. Car Craft handles the entire process from pick up at our yard or accident site, through the insurance adjustment process and delivery back to us a fully detailed vehicle and restored vehicle. They are competent in handling repairs and restoration in all the latest technology and components in all our newest trucks.
I can not ever recall an incomplete or faulty job that had to be sent back. Anthony, John and staff are fair and honest operators who value long term buisness relationships and take ownership and pride in their craft.
I would highly recommend Car Craft to any buisness in need of commercial body work.
Midwood & Lifeline Ambulance Service has been doing business with Car Craft Truck Works for over twenty years. I was assigned Roger Conti as my Account manager about 12 years ago. Working with him was great knowing his work ethic is nothing less then perfection.
Car Craft repaired our Ambulances fleet from minor clean up to major collisions. We would drop the Ambulance off and Car Craft would take it from there. They would always call us before any repairs were to be done to make sure we are all on the same page. The Ambulance would come back from Car Craft looking like new.
We always felt very comfortable dealing with the Pesce Family & Staff like they are family to us. I Highly recommend any Commercial Companies that are looking for a place to repair the Vehicles.
“It has been our pleasure to do business with Car Craft for my entire 9 year career here at NFI. My experiences with Car Craft have always been positive. They have been able to assist with a variety different repairs over the years, ranging from relatively minor to extremely complicated accident repairs. They have always been very competitive on their pricing and are willing to go above and beyond. Their repair knowledge and integrity is never in question. In our experience, the quality of their work is top notch, and the trucks always return looking as though they had never been damaged. This is a stand up group with one of the best staffs around.
I would have no hesitation in recommending Car Craft to anyone looking to get high quality repairs done right.”Gary Marshall
“Car Craft’s attention to detail is unmatched. Their craftsmanship and dedication to perfection is what keeps them a step ahead in the auto body industry. We wouldn’t think of using anyone else.”
Ferreira Construction
Car Craft Truck Works
528 Industrial Loop, Staten Island, NY 10309
Phone. 718-948-6422 Fax. 718-948-6992Concessionary loans will grow renewable energy
Moses Uwagbale
A Solar Energy Consultant, Mr Yemi Kolawale, has asked the Federal Government to give concessionary loans to renewable energy producers, to ensure the sector grows.
Kolawale, who is the Chief Executive Officer of Topian Energy Services, made the assertion in Lagos on Wednesday.
He said that granting concessionary loans in one digit rate would enable producers to expand in no distant time.
“The current rates at which banks give loans at two digit interest rates, is not business friendly.
“ The high interest rates issued on loans is one of the major drawbacks impeding renewable energy penetration,” he said.
He noted that there was need for the Federal Government to give import wavers to dealers of renewable energy because almost all the parts of the unit are imported.
“ This will make renewable energy more affordable and penetrate the economy more.
“ Then, the sector can contribute adequately to power generated in the country,” he said.
According to Kolawale, renewable energy is the best for Nigeria due to its environmentally friendly nature.
Vice President Yemi Osinbajo had disclosed that Nigeria was planning to have at least 30 per cent of its total electricity supply from renewable sources, majorly solar power in the next nine years.
Osinbajo spoke.Awkward question to ask yourself: what is going to happen when the unfortunate announcement is made that the Queen or Duke of Edinburgh has died?
Will the banks and stock markets close? Will public transport stop running? If so, for how long?
Closer to home, will venues be instructed or expected to close?
Let me start this piece by acknowledging this as a highly sensitive issue, but as event industry insurance and risk management experts we owe a duty to let all exhibition and conference organisers know what we understand to be likely. We believe this is going to be one of if not the single biggest issue to affect the UK and Commonwealth events industry in the last 25 years.
There are a number of unknowns which influence this scenario. Past responses to Royal deaths have been shaped by contingent circumstances and emotions, which were often fluid and fast moving. Long-standing tradition is repeatedly being re-shaped by the British community. However, after considering past similar events we can outline the likely state etiquette which will be observed.
- There will be a national State mourning period of 8 – 12 days between the date of death and the funeral.
- During this time, plans for the state funeral will be finalised. The date of the funeral will be a public holiday. We believe any event taking place on the date of the funeral may well have to be cancelled. This may also be the case for any event taking place either on the same day of the death or the one immediately after.
- From an insurance perspective there is currently protection available. Organisers with cancellation and abandonment insurance may be insured. InEvexco are pleased to say this cover is included as standard within our policy for exhibitions and conferences.
- We believe other insurers in the marketplace may actually be excluding this cover from their policy if the person who dies is over 70 years old (which of course HRH The Queen and the Duke of Edinburgh both are).
Can you do anything to protect your revenue now? Well initially we suggest you check your current policy provides adequate cover.
Make sure you look for any age restriction which may significantly restrict cover. Buy your cancellation and abandonment cover early, don’t delay. If a prominent Royal becomes seriously ill all insurers will certainly restrict cover on future placements.
This is a very difficult situation to plan for but as with any event that you run we are sure you have a crisis management plan – we recommend the effect of national mourning is considered and factored into your plan in case this unfortunate incident happens whilst the event is taking place or in the build-up.
If you are concerned about any of the matters raised in the above piece please contact Mark Blair, divisional director of InEvexco.tanvics71 Posted November 25, 2005 Report Share Posted November 25, 2005 anyone know what the paint colour or code is for the ford 6600 produced by britains Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.Did anyone else see the picture on CNN of the policeman, completely exhausted, covered with dirt and dust, sound asleep on the ground with his rescue dog hugged tight at his side?
He had his arm across his dog who was asleep as well.
It was a very touching picture.
Bookmarks- Details
- Veröffentlicht: 04. November 2021
The positive impact of technology on everyday life is spreading ever wider, yet still, some aren’t convinced about the validity of large-scale innovations. What may ultimately convince the doubters is the positive effects of digital healthcare transformation and the difference it makes globally (What is digital transformation?). The development of cutting-edge, accessible technologies leads to creating more efficient solutions and systems connecting medical professionals and patients. As a result, healthcare providers can cater to the huge demand of varied needs, addressing patients with better accuracy and efficiency.
In medical reality, practical applications of digital solutions are a step towards creating better care services and improving life quality for millions of patients annually. The stakes are high and definitely worth further development.
7 examples of digital transformation in healthcare
Artificial intelligence use cases
AI algorithms serve several purposes in the healthcare field, probably the most remarkable is their impact on drug development.. Digital examination of proteins and predicting their properties enables faster development of medicines.
A great deal of medical procedures requires the use of non-invasive diagnostic measures, like X-rays, MRI, and CT scans, while others also call for invasive methods like biopsies, carrying associated risks. Artificial intelligence carries both, great accuracy in identifying abnormalities in assessed images and deduction based on provided materials, reducing the need for tissue samples. AI is already known for supporting cancer detection and early diagnosis of cardiovascular diseases.
One of the most remarkable examples of AI in diagnostics is the prodigy developed by Google Health and DeepMind, capable of outdoing radiologists in diagnosing breast cancer at early stages. The model trained on thousands of mammograms reduced over 9% of false negatives and nearly 6% of false positives, outperforming radiologists by approx. 11% and paving the way AI can be used in future cancer care. Algorithms are researchers’ allies in examining and battling other diseases as well, contributing to greater diagnostic accuracy and speed, e.g. predicting avoidable patient harm in acute kidney injury.
Artificial intelligence supports medical professionals also in mundane, everyday tasks, like the classification of clinical documents. Natural language processing enables speech and text recognition, which are used in extracting crucial information from clinical notes regarding patients, resulting in better insights on medical history and the progress of treatment.
Automation
Increasing implementation of automation technologies is beneficial for the drug manufacturing area, especially the production safety field, as shows the success story of MicroTechniX.. Dedicated software allows microbiological image processing and analysis, leading to a precise examination of material in complex large-scale projects. Employing algorithms in microbiological studies enables efficient study of bacterial colonies and assessment of their features, creating foundations used in medication research laboratories.
In the broader sense, automation carries great potential for health service providers, reducing the risk of human errors, mistakes caused by fatigue or lack of training among personnel.
Processes such as patient discharge and follow-up can be successfully automated, reducing the paperwork and improving efficiency. Assigning patients to follow standardized care plans monitored automatically contributes to better consistency and success rates in further therapy. Access to patients’ daily routines enables medical personnel to intervene as soon as distortions in the process are noticed. Moreover, automation can help in addressing larger groups of patients as their needs are identified, reducing the time spent on individual approaches where it’s not necessary or reducing no-shows at the doctor’s office thanks to automated patient appointment reminders.
Telehealth
Telehealth enables medical professionals to provide care without in-person contact. The solution gained particular recognition in the pandemic times, allowing care providers to continue looking after their patients despite the isolation. Under the umbrella term, covering telecare and telemedicine, various services can be provided, including remote doctor consultations, health education, monitoring of vital signs (blood pressure, ECG). Solutions like the platform developed by Babyscriptsin cooperation with Phillips offer digital patient management backed by data gathered through connected devices.
Patient portals
Online services provide patients with secure 24/7 access to personal health information, enabling tracking visits, test results, prescriptions, and contacting medical professionals. Portals improve digital communication between care providers and patients, necessary for the course of treatment. The solution helps to keep track of therapy, streamlining patient-doctors communication, gathering information at patients’ fingertips, and enabling the creation of tailor-made services.
From the service providers’ point of view, patient portals are a great aid in everyday patient care, relieving on-site staff from e.g. answering calls and emails, simplifying patient service, and resulting in time and money savings. Websites like MyHealthRecord enable patients to view and manage their health records, documents, necessary forms and appointments, along with requesting medications and refills or seeking advice on dosages and prescriber details.
Internet of Things in medical care
Using physical devices in medical care to gather and exchange data is crucial for treatment and general wellbeing. IoT supports medical professionals by collecting patient data, e.g. sleep monitors, blood pressure checks, capturing vital signs, remote biometrics scanners, and tracking drug efficiency. To harness the potential of health-supporting devices in Parkinson’s disease care, Pfizer and IBM established experimental research cooperation. The developed system uses connected devices for real-time, remote health measurements with a perspective for changing clinical trials in the future.
The huge role of IoT devices answers the challenges of monitoring executed in the traditional way, as not all indicators can be efficiently followed without modern technology. IoT devices also cover care in the broader sense, giving insights into medications refills, temperature monitoring in drug development, air quality, and drug effectiveness tracking.
Big data in medicine
Vast amounts of data change the face of modern medicine in areas such as discovering new drugs and treatments, disease research & prediction, omitting unnecessary doctor appointments, automating hospital procedures, and improving patient data sharing. The role of big data in modern medicine is unprecedented, arming healthcare professionals with new tools transforming the industry. Building individual patient profiles and predictive models help to overcome limitations in understanding diseases. Companies like Flatiron Health contribute to cancer research and better patient care by analyzing billions of data points, enabling deeper insights for doctors and researchers.
Challenges of aging societies
Global demographic shows the trend of population aging, which already requires a change in the patient approach. With the growing number of citizens aged 65 or older (the old-age dependency ratio, OADR), societies need to reflect on providing better elderly care, creating a sustainable, efficient system. The combination of the above-mentioned solutions, mostly IoT and telehealth, is a chance to deliver efficient care to the growing number of elderly citizens, potentially prone to exclusion.
Some solutions are particularly designed to answer these needs, creating a new category of gerontotechnologies, assisting the elderly in daily living. Particularly worth noting are intelligent assistive technologies (IAT), representing digital health applications aimed at the special needs of aging societies, offering additional support in the care of patients with age-related cognitive disabilities, caused by e.g. dementia.
Outlook for the future – the impact of tech in healthcare
Digitalization of healthcare. A little over 200 years after the first stethoscope was invented, the global medical field wields 2 million various life-saving and wellness-improving devices and appliances. The shift resulting from the fourth industrial revolution brings new opportunities, and it’s the right time to fully benefit from the potential of digital solutions in delivering the best patient care possible.
---
Autor(en)/Author(s): Jowita Kessler
Quelle/Source: neurosys, 28.10.2021
Bitte besuchen Sie/Please visit:
The Dying Citizen: How Progressive Elites, Tribalism, and Globalization Are Destroying the Idea of America
Audible Audiobook
– Unabridged
The New York Times best-selling 50.
Hanson is a senior fellow of military history and classics at the Hoover Institute at Stanford. He traces the history of citizenship back to its earliest days and follows the path to current conditions. It’s a heavy going and reads very much like a text book in parts. I was quite shocked to learn that most Americans have no clue what the First Amendment is, what the 3 branches of government are or who key historical figures are like Ulysses S. Grant or Dwight D. Eisenhower.
The book is broken up into 6 lengthy chapters that discuss:
1. PEASANTS - shrinking of the middle class
2. RESIDENTS - distinction between immigrants, residents & citizens; their right and laws
3. TRIBES - national identity vs. tribe identity; racism, bias and patriotism
4. UNELECTED - deep state, media, bureaucratic elite growing in power
5. EVOLUTIONARIES - dismantling the Constitution
6. GLOBALISTS - threat of globalism and loss of freedom, democracy
Each of these chapters is full of historical data leading up to our current situation with enough documentation to fill the last 20% of this volume. IMO, the best part of this book is the author’s epilogue. Hanson had cause to pen a lengthy update during the final editing process. In this chapter he pulls all the pieces together and summarizes including the last few months: “The stakes were no less than the preservation of the American republic itself.” A worthy read 📚
<Dying Citizen> is divided into two parts. The 1st is "Precitizens." The 2nd is "Postcitizens." The overarching idea above each part is: Citizenship is the sine qua non for the successful existence of a nation-state. The book goes on to describe three (3) social classes that do not rise to the level of citizenship. A chapter is devoted to each class. Number #1 is Peasants. # 2 is Residents. #3 is Tribes.
The peasantry consists of persons who are beholden to an overlord. Some are tied to the land. Others aren't, but nevertheless have no say in affairs of state.
Residents are akin to persons who are simply passing through. They have little or no interest in the welfare of the place. They know their limitations
Tribesmen are customarily viewed as having responsibilities to immediate family and others in the tribe. A territory will ordinarily contain two or more tribes.
Every territory might begin with the above 3 classes. When the classes become fortunate enough to view the real importance of their being free individuals in a single territory, they will exist as a nation towards which they have serious responsibilities, just as they become 'protectees' (not the author's term) in common, of their nation. Such freeborn persons will become citizens.
Part Two, Postcitizens, describes what can happen when the citizenry of a nation begin to change or reverse the process described above. Such a revision, if agreed to by the citizenry, will likely be enough to allow the nation to continue in said status. It will be considered as ongoing success nationally.
But if the nation is unlucky, its citizenry will allow themselves to fall into a massive bureaucratic existence in which the bureaucrats begin to view themselves as overly-important to the state. Factions will come into existence. And if unable to resolve their differences, they can become insoluble, and as a further result, dissolution of one sort or another might come to pass. There can be civil war. There can be a dictatorship. There can even be a movement towards 'One-World' government, giving power to a United Nations sort of overseer, in which no one will be satisfied. World disorder and warfare, rather than being overcome, will become the prevailing status. Elements will revolt against a 'One-size-fits-all' type non- government. A world-citizenry will be forever unstable, despite the beliefs and efforts of the starry-eyed 'Globalists' who wish for unity.
This reviewer believes that author Victor Hanson fears such happenings can happen. This insignificant reviewer has similar fears, probably even deeper than the author's.
Above are set out this insignificant reviewer's 'take' upon having read this marvelous book by Victor Davis Hanson.
By Amazon Customer on October 5, 2021
Top reviews from other countries
Read this book with an open mind, and you will be surprised at how dishonestly the news media has been treating issues of great important to the West's future prosperity and safety. It may make you angry, but it will be an anger at how much we have been misled by those concentrating corrupt political power in their hands, and making us hate each other - doing real harm to vulnerable people. The Dying Citizen is a great reminder of where we have come from, and what we can lose if we don't hold onto our precious liberties.As a nation, our love for chocolate knows no bounds, and it’s so popular that it now has its own niche in the holiday market.
Whether you want to treat a loved one to a break with a difference, or you want to experience the UK’s favourite sweet treat in a fabulous location, we’ve tracked down five of the hottest chocolate destinations that are sure to appeal to your sweet tooth.
1. Maya Chocolate, Mexico
When it comes to the origins of chocolate, Mexico is a country that is shrouded in controversy.
It is believed that Mexico is where the first chocolate recipe was made hundreds of years ago, a belief that is contested heavily by Belgium and Switzerland.
READ MORE: Family holidays with an educational twist
It doesn’t really matter who holds the crown, we’re just glad that the recipe was a success, and that we can enjoy so many different varieties today.
If you want to sample true Mexican chocolate, head to the city of Tabasco for Maya-style hot chocolate, and chilli-infused chocolate.
There is also a chocolate museum if you want to sink your teeth into a little history.
2. Maison Cailler, Switzerland
There are few places in the world that make finer chocolate than Switzerland, so why not head over to the beautiful town of Broc to visit the Maison Cailler chocolate factory?
This artisan chocolatier has been in business since 1898, and so you can be sure you’ll experience some of the best chocolate you have ever tasted.
Just like a scene from ‘Charlie and the Chocolate Factory’, you’ll be whisked into a special tasting room and provided with gorgeous chocolate samples to eat or take away.
3. Chocolate Desert Island, St Lucia
If you love the Hotel Chocolat brand, you’ll love St Lucia. It was here that the famous company was first formed, and where you will find plenty of chocolate boutiques, and even a restaurant specialising in nouvelle cuisine featuring plenty of chocolate.
Hotel Chocolat grows its beans in a plantation estate on the island, and tours can be arranged through various tour operators online.
READ MORE: Learning Holidays: The world’s most creative retreats
If you’d like to sample exotic recipes like white chocolate and citrus salad, or chocolate and coconut chicken, head on over to the Boucan restaurant for a very different taste sensation.
4. The Chocolate Train, Switzerland
Where can you enjoy great chocolate and some of the best scenery in Europe?
Why, the Chocolate Train in Switzerland of course!
This wonderful experience is certainly one of a kind, and will take you through some wonderful villages and mountainscapes as you sample some of the best chocolate the region of Montreux has to offer.
You’ll also make a stop off at famous cheese haunt, Gruyeres, so be sure to leave room for lunch!
5. The Museum Of Chocolate, Belgium
What article about chocolate holidays would be complete without a mention of Belgium.
Home to some of the finest chocolate in the world, Belgium has many towns and cities where the sweet treat is the most popular commodity.
Take a wander through the quaint winding streets, and you’ll discover a myriad of shops stocked with chocolate of every description.
From the handcrafted creations of world-famous chocolatier Godiva, to novelty chocolates in every shape, size and flavour, you’ll find the perfect sweet souvenir for loved ones back home, or to enjoy for yourself.
Here at the RAC, we offer a wide selection of travel insurance policies designed to meet your individual requirements. No matter where your sweet tooth takes you, we offer total peace of mind and friendly assistance when you need it the most. Don't leave home without us.Currently browsing "Gratitude"
6 Tips to Help Show Your Team They Are Appreciated
We all like to feel appreciated. We want those in our lives to be thankful for our efforts. When someone takes us for granted, we resent it. It creates feelings frustration, and may even lead to us not doing whatever it is that’s being taken for granted. This applies not just in our personal lives, […]
The Power of Gratitude and Its Impact On Workplace Performance
Gratitude – it’s something that we’re accustomed to thinking about in our personal lives. However, what about our professional lives? What role does gratitude have in the workplace? Actually, it’s a powerful force that can lead to many positive outcomes, including a boost to workplace performance. Below, we’ll explore what you need to know. What […]Pitbulls in Pajamas are a growing trend among Pitbull owners. Pitbulls wearing clothes is not only cute, but it may also be beneficial for the dogs. Pitbulls can suffer from heatstroke just like any other dog breed, and wearing clothes helps to keep them cool during the summer months. This article discusses three reasons why Pitbull owners should consider dressing their dogs up in PJ’s every now and then.
1) Pitbulls in Pajamas is an adorable trend. Pitbull owners might feel more comfortable allowing their dogs to sleep inside the house if they wear cute pajama outfits rather than just a collar and leash. Pitbull clothes can be expensive, so consider switching them out every few days or weeks instead of buying multiple sets.
2) Pajamas are a great way to show Pitbull’s pride. Pitbull clothes can be worn any time of the year and are also an adorable accessory for photos! When Pit Bull owners dress their dogs up for Halloween or other holidays, they can happily share them with friends on social media.
3) Pajamas are good for Pitbull’s health. Pit Bulls that wear Pitbull clothes can be more comfortable, which means Pit Bull owners might not have to take them on as many walks or runs at the park.
Conclusion: Pitbulls in Pajamas are a great way to show Pitbull pride and make Pit Bull photos even more adorable! They can be expensive, but they last for longer than other types of Pit Bull clothes. Lastly, pajamas keep the dogs healthier by making them less likely to go on walks or runs with their owners at the park.Little Tea – Blog Tour with Author Interview & Giveaway
Welcome to the Blog + Review Tour & Giveaway for Little Tea by Claire Fullerton, hosted by JustRead Publicity Tours! ABOUT THE BOOK Title: Little Tea Author: Claire Fullerton Publisher: Firefly Southern Fiction Release Date: May 1, 2020 Genre: Southern Fiction Southern Culture … Old Friendships … Family Tragedy One phone call from Renny to […]IBBR Publications
Found 2 results
Filters: Keyword is Animals and Author is Hussey, April [Clear All Filters]
2010
Arthropod relationships revealed by phylogenomic analysis of nuclear protein-coding sequences. Nature. 2010 ;463(7284):1079-83..
2008
Resolving arthropod phylogeny: exploring phylogenetic signal within 41 kb of protein-coding nuclear gene sequence. Syst Biol. 2008 ;57(6):920-38.Explore GitLab
Discover projects, groups and snippets. Share your projects with others
A repository with my rc files.
GitLab CI runner Dockerized setup.
A dockerized OpenLDAP with LDAP Account Manager.
-
A Dockerized presentation toolkit for building presentation from markup (like Markdown or DOT).
My resume.
-
My (Nimrod Adar) blog.
Bundle a binary file into a shell script.
A shell script to bundle SSL certificates in the correct order.Infrastructure committee okays budget proposals
Ljubljana, 12 October - The parliamentary Infrastructure, Environment and Spatial Planning Committee went over budget proposals for the next two years without filing any amendments but expressing expectation that their recommendations would be taken into consideration. Members moreover expressed satisfaction that more money was earmarked for roads.Study design, patients, and endoscopic procedure
Device and definition
Detection of the location of AOV in the duodenum
Classification of the ampulla-cannulation difficulty
When evaluating the model performance for the ampulla detection task, the following methods were used other than main outcome measures such as recall.
Centroid distance is a relative coordinate error between centroids of the GT bbox and the estimated bbox. Its mathematical expression is as follows:
where xg,yg, xe,ye, W, and H denote coordinates of the GT bbox, those of the measured bbox, the width and height of the image, respectively.
A success plot shows success rates for decreasing (or increasing) mean intersection-over-union (mIoU) (or centroid distance) thresholds. It is counted as a success if the IoU (or centroid distance) between the model prediction and the GT label for an image is bigger (or lower) than the threshold.
Human performance was compared with our model. We randomly sampled 30 images from our test set of the first fold using the Python NumPy library and an expert endoscopist conducted the ampulla detection on the sampled data. The performance of our model was measured for the same images.Claudia L’Engle Adams moved to Jacksonville with her husband Charles Adams from Baltimore, Maryland at the age of twenty-five. Mrs. Adams arrived in Jacksonville a highly trained classical musician who studied at the Peabody Conservatory of Music. As a new resident of the city, Mrs. Adams desired to meet new friends who shared her passion for music.
In January 1890, Mrs. Adams gathered eleven friends in the parlor of her East Monroe Street home for weekly afternoons of musical study and performance. These informal meetings grew into a formal club in 1893 with the drafting of by-laws and the election of officers with Mrs. Adams as the first president of the Ladies’ Friday Musicale. Ladies’ Friday Musicale flourished in its first thirty years despite the Great Fire of 1901, World War I, and the Influenza Pandemic of 1918.
The emergence of the present day Friday Musicale took place in 1923 with a change in the by-laws resulting in the current title honoring the contribution of men within the organization. Six years later Concordia Hall, a gymnasium at 645 Oak Street (present location of Friday Musicale), was purchased as the permanent home of the organization. On March 25, 1995, Friday Musicale’s Auditorium was destroyed by arson. Three years later the building was rebuilt at 645 Oak Street where the organization continues its great work in the community.
Performances by legendary artists such as Nellie Melba, Walter Damrosch, Alma Gluck, Rosa Pnselle, Fritz Kreisler, Sergei Rachmaninoff, Josef Hofmann, and Ignace Jan Paderewski have graced the stages of Friday Musicale. In 1990, the Friday Musicale Chorus performed a Christmas Concert in the East Room of the White House during the organization’s Centennial year, and in 2000, members were selected for a national choir that performed in New York City’s Carnegie Hall.
From its early years, Friday Musicale began working with youth in Jacksonville, providing programs by and for children, During the years following World War I, Victor Talking Machines were purchased for music classes in the public schools and a Youth Orchestra was supported for over fifty years. Today, the Friday Musicale is still nurturing young musicians through recitals, competitions, scholarships, and master classes. Over fifty-seven students have returned to Jacksonville as professional musicians, further enriching our musical community for decades. In 2002, an Outstanding Young Pianists Competition was instituted with eight categories for students from Grades 5 through 12.
Outstanding music teachers are now being recognized with the Carolyn Day Pfohl Music Educator Award, in honor of Mrs. Pfohl who was the Supervisor of Music for the Duval County Public Schools from 1953-1968. Conductor John Larsen was the first honoree in 2008 for his exceptional choral program at First Coast High School over the past seventeen years.
After more than one hundred years, Friday Musicale continues to fulfill its original mission bringing fine music to the community while adding to its legacy of musical excellence.Reporting on the user-contact relationship in Salesforce Communities/Experience Cloud is questionable. Today, I’m going to show you a Flow that will help tell you if a Contact has a Community/Experience Cloud user associated.
This is useful for answering questions such as, “Of the beta testers we have invited, who has signed up?”
- First, create a Number field on the Contact object called Number of Experience Cloud Users. Note that in my example the field is called # Community Users.
- Make number of digits = 1, number of decimal places = 0
- Read only to all but admins – so that people can’t change it by accident!
- Next, create a Flow.
- Type = Schedule-Triggered Flow
- Object = User
- Cadence = Daily
- The Flow ‘s actions are as follows:
- First, in the Start node, find all users of a certain profile where a ContactId is present. This will avoid the system going through users without a contact and wasting precious, precious Salesforce juice.
- Next, use Get to find the contact associated with the user.
- Next, use Assign to populate the number 1 into the Number of Experience Cloud Users field you made in step 1.
- Finally, use Update to update the contacts.
- You are now easily able to report on contacts where there is an Experience Cloud/Community User. You can also see which contacts do not have an Experience Cloud user.
See screenshots of the Flow below:
Another way to do this is with Declarative Lookup Rollup Summaries, an open source product I am volunteering on!
Any questions? Hit me up on Twitter @melanietolomeo. Enjoy!Job Seekers, Welcome to Mississippi State College of Veterinary Medicine Career Center
Search Filters
Use this area to filter your search results. Each filter option allows for multiple selections.
Search Results: 4572 Jobs
Parkville Heights Animal Hospital
Parkville, Missouri
Eastside Veterinary Associates
Renton, Washington tFianna Fail Councillor, John Paul Feeley has welcomed confirmation that the former National School where Sean MacDiarmuida attended to learn Irish at Tullinamoyle, Dowra has been included in the Cavan County Council official programme for the 1916 Commemorations. “Earlier this year, I suggested to Tom Sullivan, County Librarian that the fact that Sean MacDiarmuida.’ Following approaches to the current owner of the property, the Council have agreed that a commemorative plague will be erected, informative signage about the general history of the now closed School and direction signage from the village of Dowra. ‘The school is in private ownership. It has been tasteful restored by the current owner, Karsten Konig, a German native, who brought the derelict property to its state as his home. Karsten has been most cooperative with the Council and the Council must now work closely with him to complete to put in place a tasteful monument.’ Welcoming the programme, Councillor Feeley confirmed that the plaque will be unveiled in March 2016. ‘The programme for the coming year is balanced and considered. Along with various ceremonies we will have a number of lectures, plays and other events looking, not just at the Rising but also the cultural, economic social and political background. A commemorative lecture on the Irish Language and Conradh na Gaeilge, which was very well organised in County Cavan at that time will be organised for Dowra to co-inside with the unveiling of the plague. The County Library will also engage in an Oral History project to gather the stories told locally about Sean MacDiarmuida as he attended Tullinamoyle and activities surrounding the Rising and the years of the War of Independence.’ Picture Cllr. John Paul Feeley at Tullinamoyle Former NS, Dowra, Co. CAvan ENDSYou have entered a value in the highlighted fields below that contain invalid characters. Please revise your selection using valid characters only.
Product may not be an exact match for your search
PP01002
28dB Classic Foam Ear Plugs, 250 Pairs (Box)
Image is for illustrative purposes only. Please refer to product description.
- Manufacturer:
- E.A.R. E.A.R.
- Manufacturer Part No:
- PP01002
- Order Code:
- 3376761
- Product RangeView the full series and range associated to this part
- E.A.R - Classic Ear Plugs
- Also Known As:
- GTIN UPC EAN: 4046719343393
- Technical Datasheet:
- PP01002 Datasheet
Product Range Selector (E.A.R - Classic Ear Plugs)See all from this product range
Product Information
- :
- Uncorded
- :
- 28dB
- :
- E.A.R - Classic Ear Plugs
- Hygienically packed
- Protection to SNR 29
- Lightweight and comfortable
- Protection Level: 87dB(A) - 98dB(A)
- Attenuation Rating: 28dB:
- Box of 250
Pricing is unavailable. Please contact customer services.
This item has been restricted for purchase by your company's administrator.Trijicon AccuPoint Review
The optical systems are all designed to carry it, the scope’s additional parts are placed around it, fiber optics move it from place to place, and tritium gas and phosphor create it. So whenever you look through a Trijicon AccuPoint extent, know that the light was the key consideration of the designers. When most shooters are aware of Trijicon’s Advanced Combat Optical Gunsight, or ACOG, that was a tremendous augmentation on the battle rifles of U.S. Marines because 2004, many are unaware that Trijicon was making a line of riflescopes, the AccuPoint line, especially for hunters because 1998. The five different accessible AccuPoint models work well on law enforcement and house shield rifles and shotguns, but Trijicon creator Glyn Bindon was an avid hunter and knew the shooting concept he pioneered was ideal for a broad range of civilian hunting and shooting applications.
A lit reticle is a significant feature in most hunting situations. Most extent businesses have models with illumination, but the capture is an extra hundred dollars or more on the purchase price tag and battery which could die at the most inopportune times. AccuPoint scopes get around this from. The main way engineers deliver mild to some reticle during daytime hours is to redirect surrounding the skillful application of technologies means of a fiber optic. Tom Maciak is the technological development of Trijicon and technology supervisor and also a mechanical engineer by trade. He and a group, a mechanical engineer by trade, invest a great deal of time employing of scientists, machinists, and engineers.
While it might seem easy to simply work a fiber optic into a telescope, Maciak clarified they’re, by nature, quite fragile. The colored fibers you see around the ocular are amassing fibers, Maciak said. Outside light is going into a pipe; it may get in. However, it cannot get out. The fiber consists fibers you see around the ocular are exterior of a core and cladding, and the while cladding’s chemical makeup keeps the light inside, bounces it about, length. These wonderful properties have been implemented the center absorbs light across its technology, but before Bindon, never to gun sights.
The core is tender, but the cladding is a lot tougher, brittle even. Trijicon has a fiber optic built to its specs, but the basic principles still apply. Fibers traveling throughout the application tube along the sweeping paths which prevent the application tube along the sweeping paths glues angles and are locked in position with the body. This insulates the fiber from the recoil shock they were never designed to withstand in the first location. This insulates the fiber from the recoil shock they were never designed to withstand in the first.
We’ve to be very cautious when handling the fiber at preventing cracks in the plating that would allow the light to escape and make a less effective system, dimming the reticle, Maciak said. Fiber optics were not designed to do that, and you may do a lot to twist them up. That is the genius of Glyn Bindon, that took this and made it work. Additionally Being fragile, the fiber optic strands are small. In general, measured in microns, the AccuPoint’s small reticle light pipes are just around the width of human hair. The length of fiber optic controls the quantity of light transmitted and, then, controls the light output in the reticle.
Shooters can control reticle intensity by rotating the ocular bell, which acts as a sunshade, covering the fiber optic strands. However, the system is largely self-regulating. Lots of engineering work went into figuring out just how much fiber optic is sufficient to illuminate the reticle, and the last span is proprietary information, Maciak said. We started with inches of fiber and also looked at using more than a meter; there was a lot of trial and error, also discovered there’s a point of diminishing returns.
In general, there’s sufficient light to illuminate the reticle into coinciding with the available ambient light and a bit more. From the AccuPoint model with BAC reticle, the triangular aiming point begins outside around. Putting the round fiber in a triangle is another patented Trijicon invention. After the desired shape is made and the ideal length discovered, the end of the fiber is cut at an angle and polished so that shooters may watch the light transmitted by the fiber optic collecting coils. Amazingly enough, the article reticle is an upturned, unsupported fiber sitting at the tube. While there seems like a supportive wire, it’s a clear fiber which appears black due to the constant backlighting.
The fiber, although delicate, has very little mass and can be unaffected by recoil. Trijicon lately added traditional crosshairs to the AccuPoint lineup, such as duplex, mil point, and German No. 4 reticle styles. In their center stage, the cable reticles have a little, lit dot exactly as the original post reticle. The fiber optic is directly affixed to the cable with epoxy. Every day the sun sets, and darkness creeps across the country, along with the AccuPoint’s fiber optics are left, literally, even in the dark. The vast bulk of scope manufacturers simply add a little-LED device to feed light to a fiber optic or etched reticle.
Which requires an additional circuitry, a rheostat to control light output, and a battery. Trijicon went in another direction and forced the reticle with the radioactive isotope of hydrogen known as tritium, or 3H. The fiber’s length is crucial for handling light. The system plumbing in just enough. Light to be marginally brighter than ambient light conditions.
The glass lamp is covered with phosphorus material as well as the 3H arouses that phosphorus, causing it to give off the light, Maciak explained. The scope lamps are bigger than those located on our nighttime sights. The 3H’s half life’s 12 to fifteen years, which means that the lamp will produce half of the light following that period. Nonetheless, it’s possible to replace the lamp if need be. There are strict, exhaustive testing requirements by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, along with the 3H can’t be accessed without tools. The range’s fiber optics along with 3H lamps are bucked together, so the reticle is powered night or day.
The system’s only drawback is there’s just one 3H setting; it’s what it is. Scopes with rooms. Tats and the LEDs can call the light down or up based on conditions and could be made to work with night vision gear. With all the considerations given to fiber optics and the inclusion of tritium lamps, it’s simple to see why the ACOG has an unusual form. Maciak said engineers designed the optical system, added components, then shrink-wrapped, the unit in an aluminum casing. Other than the slightly oversize ocular bell that retains the fiber optic coils, AccuPoint scopes look normal in every way and match full sized lens elements in their 1 inches and 30mm tubes.
From the Bindon Aiming Concept, the human eye is attracted to the enlarged part of its field of view and focuses on the reticle. When a target moves, the eye reverts to the unmagnified area of view seen by the other eye. This enables for exact aiming while keeping up a complete field of view. We begin with the optical system and the design around the light beams so that they aren’t clipped by any of the internals components, Maciak explained. We know where to place things and not place them. Depending upon the model, AccuPoints have 90 to 95 percent light transmission.
Lots of companies maintain Exceptional performance level, but Trijicon engineers establish it with spectroradiometers. Maciak explained the company uses the best possible, completely multicolored glass during its production lines, military and civilian. Lenses are coatings and ground are employed to spec by vapor deposition and after that qualified before being utilized in an optic. Internal alteration mechanics get the same attention. The majority of the internal components are aluminum, but the relay camera components are either brass or bronze because of the metals natural lubricity, Maciak explained. The components held up at half a thousandth inches tolerances, permitting them to move smoothly, but keep zero by not shifting away axis.
When paired with a Savage Long Range Precision Varminter, the 5-20X had no problem shooting the sq in the writer’s tests. Precision machining, quality parts, exceptional quality control is standard characteristics of AccuPoint scopes. AccuPoint pipes are processed from 6061 T6 aluminum bar stock and are hard coat anodized. Tubes are sealed with o rings and nitrogen purged to prevent internal fogging. The erector tube is held inside position with a ball joint in the back and a steel spring up front that sits opposite the windage and elevation adjustments, a fairly standard structure. Before shipping, each scope is run through a battery of function checks, each scope.
All of our optics are put through extensive tests, Maciak explained. They’re Nitrogen purge and tightness tested with a mass flow meter which will feel any loss of pressure. The scope is put into a fixture to adjust the parallax, and also an experienced technician runs a mechanical test on the adjusters and adjustments at the same time. There are only five models from the AccuPoint lineup, but it covers the bases fairly well and is at home in both the searching and strategic worlds. Perhaps the two most versatile scopes are the 1-4X 24mm and the 1.25-4X 24mm. Both could be had with the first BAC triangle or German No.
Four reticle and the only difference between the two is the tube dimensions, With the 1-4X 24mm sporting a bigger, 30mm tube. Both of these models, due to their broad fields of view, are fantastic for dangerous game rifles. While my reckless hunting the ex perience game is pretty much exaggerated, I asked for fellow InterMedia Outdoors contributor Craig Boddington’s ideas. He needs no introduction. I’m not sure there’s ever been a better harmful game range, Boddington said in an email reply. Straightforward enough. Muzzleloader and slug hunters would do well to take a close look at these scopes as well.
The 4X setting provides plenty enough magnification for long shots, and also the lowest setting, with exercise, is faster and much more precise than the iron visions since the reticle and the target appear on the same focal plane. The lit reticle is perfect for putting shots on shadowy game hiding in the shadows. For a lot of the reasons, tactical rifles, carbines particularly, are a fantastic match for the two scopes. Dialed up, hits in a couple of hundred yards are easy and dialed down, the optics and its lit reticle perform like the high-speed reflex or holographic CQB optics.
Most hunters will likely lean towards the 2.5-10X 56mm or 3-9X 40mm variables, depending upon how much glass they want sitting on top of their rifles. Both scopes can be had with regular, mil point, or BAC reticle, but 3-9X 40mm smaller 1 inches tube and target rescue around 7 ounces and shave $150 off the purchase price. Only Last year I used 3-9X 40mm with a millet point reticle on a South Texas pig search. Founded on a Remington Model 700 in thirty-06, the combination proved to be powerful. Late in the evening, the little illuminated center Point was invaluable for placing bullets on black, mud-coated dinosaurs.
The dot sits completely in the reticle and is very accurate, even at great distances. Sitting atop the magnification stack is your 5-20X 50mm. Meant for long range accuracy and varmint rifles, the scope comes with target turrets with quarter minute adjustments and may be had with regular, mil point, and BAC reticles. In 20X, it’s clear the Maciak’s statements about high-end optical quality are true. Helped by a side focus knob, at its greatest magnification, the 5-20X 50mm presents a bright, crisp image from edge to edge.
With regards to cost, the acupoints are the exceptional value. The focus on the optical system’s design elevates their degree light transmission and increases the performance of the sights on a par with less affordable brands. As the saying goes, frequently imitated, never duplicated. , Other manufacturers have implemented the same materials and technology to their optics, but no one does it quite like Trijicon. The innovative manner wherein its reticles are lit almost eclipses the exceptional optical quality of AccuPoint line.As an expat living in Vietnam, I have had so many interesting experiences. There’re many things that I love about this country. However, in this article, we are going to talk about what a lot of foreigners don’t like here.
These are seven things foreigners often don’t like that I have collected over the years living in Vietnam and highlighted in this in-depth article about complains, myths and misconceptions foreigners have about the country.
The visa
The visa policy is still quite unclear to the expats. For those who want to travel to Vietnam for a short time (3 – 6 months), it will be hard to get a standard visa.
There are other ways so if this is your concern right now, go check the video below for more insight about this issue.
Job opportunity
Even though Vietnam is emerging, there is not too much to count on in Vietnam. You can work for an international company if you have the required diploma or certificate. However, for those who are only fresh graduates, it may be challenging. Moreover, there are not that many spots available.
The hierarchy
The hierarchy relates to the cultural aspect of the country. Vietnam has a clear system of treating people of different ages. It’s clearly shown in the way they call each other in their daily life. In the working environment, the hierarchy system affects the relationship among different individuals in a company. I have heard stories about a lower-positioned staff unable to contribute his idea because of this hierarchy in the system. Therefore, this is one of the biggest concerns when it comes to Vietnamese-foreigner working relationships.
Vietnamese takes everything easily
Since Vietnam is still trying to catch up with the pace of the world, it’s still an unfamiliar experience when foreigners work with Vietnamese. Oftentimes, Vietnamese can be very passive in what they do. Sometimes they wait for an order to come out and do it. They don’t usually put out questions about their job. This might seem ok in many cases but most of the time, it affects the relationship among different individuals. Foreigners usually expect to see the enthusiasm from the Vietnamese people to feel more comfortable when working with them.
The crowd and the traffic
This is probably the most common weakness of the country that I usually hear from my fellow foreign friends. Since the country is trying to work on its traffic system, the growing population can be quite annoying. A lot of my friends complain about being late for work because of the traffic jams even though it’s only 7 in the morning.
The constant changes
Because Vietnam is an emerging country, things can change fast. The adjustment appears not only in the area where people live but also in the regulations and restrictions relating to foreigners. Therefore, it has caused a lot of difficulty for foreigners to stabilize in Vietnam as they have to constantly deal with different documents.
The financial aspects
Certain restrictions cause a lot of trouble for foreigners in finance matters. Banking in Vietnam doesn’t seem to be foreigner-friendly. The banks in Vietnam usually ask foreigners to submit a lot of documents that may get annoying sometimes. It still feels like the system has been settled yet to serve foreigners in this particular matter. Therefore, there are still many things that foreigners have to deal with when they choose or are using a banking service in Vietnam.
I hope the article can help you have a closer look at the situation in Vietnam at the moment..
Features:
- First Focal Plane Reticle
- Locking Turrets
- Illuminated Reticle
- Etched Glass Reticle
- Advanced Fully Multi-Coated
- Precision Zero Stop
- Heat Treated One Piece Tube Construction
- Waterproof, Fogproof, Shockproof
- Argon Purged
Specifications:Crafty Sew & So Patterns
Crafty Sew & So Oven Gloves Paper Pattern
£10.00
Make Bake-Off-worthy practical and pretty oven gloves with us with this fun pattern. Learn how to use different types of wadding to insulate your mitts and bias binding to bind the edges for a smart, professional finish.
At Crafty Sew and So we want you to have fun creating projects you love to make and use everyday! We’ve designed this pattern to be as easy to use as possible with clear instructions and step-by step photo guides.
Equipment Needed
· Basic Sewing Kit
· Sewing Machine
· Iron
· Optional – Freemotion quilting foot
· Optional (But really handy) – Fabric clips
Recommended Fabrics
You want to use fairly sturdy and hard wearing fabrics for your gloves, so cotton is ideal. Cotton can also handle high temperatures well. Choose mid to heavy weight cottons and cotton blend fabrics, such as cotton twill, canvas, cotton poplin, craft cotton or denim.
Fabric Requirements in Metres:
To make the oven glove you will need:
- 75cm main fabric
- 75cm x 90cm heat proof wadding
- 3m of bias binding
To make the oven mitt you will need:
- 35cm of main fabric
- 35cm of lining fabric
- 50cm x 90cm heat proof wadding
- Optional; 10cm ribbon or bias binding
More Crafty Sew & So Paper Patterns
Crafty Sew & So Pyjama Bottoms Paper Pattern£10.00 View product
Crafty Sew & So Kids Pinny Dress Paper Pattern£10.00 View product
Description
Related Subjects
The graph displays the other subjects mentioned on the same pages as the subject “Corrales”. If the same subject occurs on a page with “Corrales” more than once, it appears closer to “Corrales” on the graph, and is colored in a darker shade. The closer a subject is to the center, the more "related" the subjects are.ART ANGELS PROJECT BY SÃO RAFAEL GALLERIES
Pies, ¿para qué los quiero, si tengo alas para volar? (Frida Kahlo).
We are the main patrons of the Art Angels project, a project that affirms the importance of art to children and young people from communities at risk, opening a space for the projection of futures. By buying at São Rafael Galleries, you are actively contributing with 10% of the profits to support the Art Angels project, reinforcing the importance of patronage and culture for building a future. With the motto “Art is a human investment”, the project puts contemporary art in the circuits of at-risk communities, in close collaboration with humanitarian and social associations. Sometimes Art Angels support other non-profit projects such as the Afternoon Angels of the Cape Town Ikamva Labantu. If you have a social impact project, don’t hesitate to contact us via email galeriassaorafael@gmail.com. The future is forever and we build it together!You are here
"Sword Dancers" play, Haughton-le-Skerne, Durham [1913-1915]
Context
Source
Cast
Text
ALEXANDER.
Good people all, come round and listen to my song,
My name is Alexander, and I won't detain you long;
There are but five of us, sir, and merry men are we,
For we have come a hunting, some houses for to seek,
Some pleasures for to find, and what you freely give us,
Sir, we think you kind.
The first young man that I call in is hero-find
His cap is to the Admiral, and all his men are mine.
THE ADMIRAL.
In comes I, the Admiral, the Admiral stout and bold,
Who fought on deck and won the crowns of gold.
ALEXANDER.
The next young man that I call in, Gallosha is his name -
The finest knight in all the land of glory and of fame.
GALLOSHA.
In comes I, Gallosha - Gallosha is my name,
With sword and pistol by my side, I hope to win the crown.
THE ADMIRAL.
The crown, sir, is not within thy power,
I slay thee and slash thee in less than half-an-hour.
GALLOSHA.
My head is made of iron, sir, my body well steeled,
And with this faithful weapon I'll slay thee on the field.
ALEXANDER.
There are two champions going to fight,
Who never fought before.
I'm not going to stop the fight.
What can I do or more!
{GALLOSHA and THE ADMIRAL begin to fight.}
Fight on, fight on, my merry men,
Fight on, fight on with glee;
I'll give any one a thousand pounds who
Slay Gallosha on the field.
{GALLOSHA falls.}
ALEXANDER.
Oh King, Oh King, what hast thou done?
Thou hast slain my father's best beloved son.
THE ADMIRAL.
He gave me the challenge, how could I him deny?
If Gallosha did I slay, I'll make him rise and
Sing again in less than half-an-hour.
Is there not a doctor to be found?
THE DOCTOR.
Yes, Doctor Black.
In comes I, old Doctor Black -
Although I'm very old, still I can quack.
THE ADMIRAL.
How came you to be a doctor?
THE DOCTOR.
By my travels.
THE ADMIRAL.
How far have you travelled?
THE DOCTOR.
From Italy, Spitaly, France, and Spain,
Over the hills and back again.
THE ADMIRAL.
Is that all?
THE DOCTOR.
No! from the top of my grandmother's stairs to the bottom.
THE ADMIRAL.
What can you cure?
THE DOCTOR.
Any thing.
It there is nine pins in a man's eye
I'll pull eleven out.
THE ADMIRAL.
What will you cure this dead man for?
THE DOCTOR.
A thousand pounds and a bottle of wine.
THE ADMIRAL.
I will not give it thee.
THE DOCTOR.
Then I must be going.
THE ADMIRAL.
Ill give you a thousand pounds and a bottle of wine
If you give me the first drink of it.
THE DOCTOR.
In my inside pocket I have a little bottle
Which contains Oakham Scoakham allegon paint.
Here, young man, take a drink and rise again.
GALLOSHA.
I was once a dead man, sir, and now I am alive,
Blessed be the doctor that made me to revive.
ALEXANDER.
The next young man that I call in, Beelzebub is his name.
BEELZEBUB.
In comes I, Beelzebub,
Over my shoulder I carry my club;
And I think myself a jolly old man,
for I ought to be. .
I have six sons as big as he,
Some tall, some small, and I think myself above them all.
I have a little box under my arm,
And a few spare coppers will do you no harm.
Notes
Peter Millington's Notes:
This text was discussed by Paul Smith in his paper entitled "The Stanley Smith Collection of Traditional Plays", presented at the International Conference on Traditional Drama, Sheffield, 7th March 1998. Stanley Smith had this text printed as a "broadside" sometime around 1913 to 1915, which he then sent with enquiries when he was collecting plays in the Gower peninsular, Wales.Both Democrats, GOP are now on board for a second wave of PPP loans
On Monday, Senate Republicans announced their plan for another wave of the Paycheck Protection Program as a part of the HEALS Act. They want the "hardest hit small employers” to be able to get a second loan.
Sen. Ben Cardin (D-MD) said he’s largely on board with how the Republicans laid out their proposal during a Yahoo Finance interview on Tuesday.
Cardin noted that "there's a lot of similarities" between his Democratic plan and the Republican plan.
Cardin has long pushed for a second wave of PPP loans and in an interview with Yahoo Finance in May said that “8 weeks is not going to be enough.” Cardin is the lead Democrat on the Senate’s Small Business Committee, overseeing the Small Business Administration and the program alongside Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL).
The PPP program was created with $349 billion in funding when the CARES Act was signed into law in March. It was then given $310 billion in additional funding in April. As of Monday, the program had given out almost $520 billion in forgivable loans.
"When Senators Rubio, Cardin, Shaheen and I developed this program back in March, we had no idea how long economic closures to mitigate the spread of COVID-19 would last," said Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME) in her remarks Monday.
In the GOP plan, businesses with fewer than 300 employees that have seen revenue declines of 50% or more would get access to the loans. Cardin pointed to one negotiation point still to be ironed out: “The Republican bill has it at 300, our bill has it at 100 or less,” he said.
Measures to simplify the forgiveness process
In addition to the option of a second loan, lawmakers also want to simplify the loan forgiveness process. According to a summary of the bill, borrowers will have significantly less paperwork to fill out, especially for loans under $150,000; but businesses must retain their records as the SBA reserves the right to “review and audit these loans to ensure against fraud.”
In a statement released shortly after Collins and Rubio spoke, Consumer Bankers Association President and CEO Richard Hunt called for more detail on how the loan forgiveness process would work. Hunt said that the most basic current process requires significant resources of a small business, and “Congress must improve the forgiveness language by providing crystal-clear, prescriptive guidance.”
Cardin has pushed the SBA to be more transparent about the program. “I look forward to receiving additional information collected during the loan forgiveness process to help us better understand how PPP is reaching small businesses in underserved communities,” he recently said.
Other provisions
The GOP plan also includes new provisions for what businesses can spend PPP money on. Sen. Collins noted that businesses will be able to use funds for things like improving their HVAC system, buying masks or plexiglass shields, or adding outdoor seating to encourage social distancing.
A summary of the plan notes other allowed uses like upgrading human resource or accounting systems or costs related to recent social unrest.
The GOP plan would also set aside money for employers that have 10 employees or fewer “to make sure that the money doesn't run out without that group of small businesses getting the assistance they need," Rubio said recently. Cardin has also signaled a focus on micro-businesses with 10 employees or fewer.
Even if both sides reach agreement on the final details of the PPP loans, implementation will almost surely have to wait for a larger – and much more thorny – stimulus bill to be negotiated. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) has warned that the process could take weeks.
Aug. 8 is a key deadline for lawmakers focused on the PPP – as it stands now, that’s when the program will no longer be able to accept new applications. However long the wait, Cardin is optimistic that “if we can get a bill to the finish line, that it will include a second round for PPP.”
Ben Werschkul is a producer for Yahoo Finance in Washington, DC.
Read more:
Coronavirus stimulus checks: Many Americans would get more in GOP's second round of payments
U.S. Democrats to seek passage of PPP transparency bill: Schumer
New bill would allow small businesses to get second PPP loan
Read the latest financial and business news from Yahoo Finance
Follow Yahoo Finance on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Flipboard, LinkedIn,YouTube, and reddit.Here at Graceful Beauty, we team up quality products with professional experience to deliver results to our clients.
Founded in 2013, Sarah has worked hard to ensure all of her products, equipment and treatment menu are dedicated to all of her clients needs. Sarah has been a beauty therapist for 19 years and is highly trained in products such as CACI, Decleor, Environ and Dermalogica keeping her knowledge of the industry as up to date as possible, she takes pride in all of her work offering the best experience possible. Now working from a log cabin in her garden, she is excited to be offering high end treatments in a more personal setting, whilst still giving the same salon feel.
Anti Wrinkle, Dermal Filler & B12 injections now Available at Graceful Beauty
Here at Graceful Beauty we want to be able offer you a wide range of skin treatments to suit all of your skincare concerns. To run along side our incredible CACI Synergy machine we are now able to offer anti- wrinkle dermal filler injections as well as B12 injections for your well being. Our CACI treatments are for people who would like to take the more natural route in to anti ageing and anti wrinkle and dermal filler for those of you who would like the more instant smoother results. If you would like more information please click on the anti wrinkle and dermal filler tab above.Cancer Patients Who Flip To Alternative Medicine Are 2.5 Instances Extra Possible To Die
This section provides information about complementary and different therapies (also called CAM). To receive information and publication updates for Proof-Based Complementary and Different Drugs, enter your e mail tackle in the field below. In 2003, a challenge funded by the CDC identified 208 situation-therapy pairs, of which fifty eight{d592f82d312e6b05c5778d38096aa6e6221abd1a738dd92172942704dacd1d67} had been studied by not less than one randomized managed response to a 2005 book by a US Institute of Drugs panel, the number of RCTs targeted on CAM has risen dramatically.
The Nationwide Research Heart in Complementary and Various Medication (NAFKAM) is organized as a center on the Faculty of Medication, on the UiT The Arctic College of Norway. Standardized curricula or content material specifications for physician education on CAM therapies ought to be thought-about for medical faculty, residency, and persevering with medical schooling actions. Higher navigate the business elements of drugs and keep on high of the changing healthcare panorama.
Journal of Proof-Primarily based Integrative Drugs (JEBIM) was printed beforehand because the Journal of Proof-Based mostly Complementary and Various Drugs (JEBCAM). Sometimes consultants have scientific evidence that a CAM follow (like acupuncture) works, however they do not have a clear understanding as to why it really works. A new research has proven that cancer sufferers who flip to different therapies rather than standard drugs are greater than twice as more likely to die.
Simply last yr, advanced-stage most cancers patients collaborating in a Section II examine of psilocybin responded positively after a single treatment. The goal of chiropractic medicine is to ease ache, enhance body function, and help your body to heal itself naturally. Researchers sifted by means of the Nationwide Most cancers Database for his or her examine Use of Various Drugs for Most cancers and its Affect on Survivalâ€.
NCCIH’s vision is that scientific evidence will inform decisionmaking by the general public, by well being care professionals, and by well being policymakers regarding the use and integration of complementary and integrative well beingÂ approaches. The problem is compounded by the fact that elements for traditional medicines are virtually always collected from the wild and rarely farmed.There have been six killings in row within three weeks in Sopore town of North Kashmir; one by one they were shot dead at point blank range. The pattern of killings remains same – unprovocative circumstances, unarmed civilians ‘targeted’ and gunned down. The latest ‘target’ was a former militant, Aijaz Ahmad Reshi who was shot dead in Mundji area of Sopore on Monday. According to police officials, reported by an English daily, “Reshi shunned militancy long time ago and was living a normal life.” Reshi’s death followed killing of an ex-militant, 24 hours ago, who had surrendered in 90s. He owned a poultry shop in the town and was killed in broad daylight. Now that looks like someone playing a video game, victim targeted-killed-killer chases another life.
But, it’s not a virtual world, it’s real, in Sopore civilians are being shot dead in cold blood.
Terror engulfed the streets of Sopore and adjoining areas on May 25 when telecommunication service operators were asked to shut down their businesses by a ghost militant outfit “Lashkar- e- Islam.” Ghost as, neither the state or central government or separatist factions nor United Jihad Council, an umbrella group of militant outfits headed by Syed Salahuddin, claimed to be associated with this newly sprouted militant group. Salahuddin is chief of the Hizbul Mujahideen – the indigenous militant outfit operating in Kashmir.
Post threats to shut down all mobile services by this supposedly local militant outfit, the fear continued for about 10-12 days, killing two, before mobile services resumed in the Valley. The search operation was put on place and security beefed-up around these mobile towers in order to foil any attack. While the operation to trace the hands behind the tower attacks, that seemingly is still going on, it followed more random killings in the town on 9, 12, 14 and 15 June.
On 15 June, the Inspector General of Police (Kashmir) SJM Gilani told reporters, “As of now it seems to be the act of the same group which carried the earlier (tower) attacks.” But, he added, it is not difficult to kill anyone randomly. He was referring to the subsequent killings.
On security of public who are being targeted randomly, he said, “It isn’t a group of 10 people or 100 people that we have to protect them. It is a random sort of a killing and they can kill people anywhere anytime. We can secure people only when we nab the attackers.”
Now, the jigsaw puzzle remained between – who is doing it, why is it happening and why are civilians being targeted in Sopore with an aim to get a clear picture, if there’s one.
Before trying to understand the latest set-up, if it’s so on the ‘killing spree’, it is important to comprehend a similar pattern of attacks that erupted during peak militancy phase in Kashmir. Henceforth, a culture that took birth in mid-90s was popularly called as Ikhwans, a pro-government militia, also called as ‘Naabedh’ in Kashmiri dialect.
Who were Ikhwans?
Interestingly, Ikhwans were none but the surrendered militants, who quit the active armed rebellion against the Indian forces for ‘Azadi’ or to free Kashmir. The simple role of Ikhwans was to counter the militant groups operating in the state, mostly Kashmir, they acted as informants to Army; in return, they were given stipend by the Indian security agencies, and a ‘sense of security’ was guaranteed to them for their cooperation.
The prominent names of pro-government militia included a folk singer-turned militant-turned-pro-India leader- turned politician Mohammad Yusuf Parray, aka ‘Koel’ or ‘Kuka Parray’ who carried anti-militant operation for a mid-ranking military intelligence officer called ‘bulbul’ in hard-hit Bandipora, North Kashmir. Later, he was assassinated in 2003. Others like him who joined the Ikhwan force were Javed Ahmad shah, the former National Conference MLC who began a parallel initiative backed by the State police’s Special Operations Group (SOG) in Srinagar and Liaqat Khan, who joined the movement shortly afterwards operating in Anantnag, South Kashmir.
By late 1994, three of their groups had coalesced into the feared Ikhwan force, and they began cooperating with the Army to catch and foil militant activities in the Valley. These groups were ethnic Kashmiri and instrumental in suppressing rebellion movement ahead of the 1996 Assembly elections. As they became informants to Indian security agencies, in one of the statements to a newspaper in 2003, Farooq Khan, who was then the SOG head, said, “Without these groups it would have been very difficult for the elections to have been held in a peaceful atmosphere.”
Later on, important figures from the Ikhwan contested the 1996 elections, but only Kuka Parray won a seat. Without staying away, Shah joined the National Conference.
After the 1996 elections, the Ikhwan was facing rough time. People disliked their ruthless tactics as well as Islamist propaganda campaigns and they also found the political establishment against them. In short, they had no public or popular support, militant attacks resumed. They were constantly targeted and killed by different active militant factions.
15 years later, Modi’s way to counter-militancy
The ruling BJP-PDP alliance, this year, vowed to run the state administration jointly and effectively despite ideological differences on political fronts. It not only accompanied resentment from pro-freedom and anti-India leaders, commonly called ‘separatists’ but it also brought a sense of insecurity among the populace in Kashmir.
The situation heated up from one of the incidents, in April, when hardline separatist Masarat Alam was arrested on sedition charges and waging war against the state for hoisting Pakistan’s flag in Kashmir to welcome Hurriyat (G) chief, Syed Ali Geelani, on his return from Delhi. Waving Pakistan flag was nothing new to Valley but it looked extraordinary to PDP’s new ally, the BJP, which termed it as anti-nationalistic and an act of terrorism.
What added fuel to the fire was when Indian minister Rajnath Singh reaffirmed BJP’s stand on abrogation of article 370, which guarantees a special status to Kashmir.
Also, in rebuke, India’s defense minister Manohar Parrikar, on May 22, said that Pakistan’s flag won’t be accepted on Indian soil and on eliminating militancy in the state, he said, “Will neutralize terrorist in J&K with terrorist.” This statement sparked a political row, opposition National conference as well as separatists in Kashmir hit out at the “PDP-BJP coalition government for trying to take back Kashmir to the early nineties” referring to reinstating ‘Ikhwan culture’.
The blame-game begins
On Parrikar’s remark, Communist Party of India (CPM) refuted calling it as “intemperate”, adding that it’s “shocking call to act outside law and suggests patronizing state-sponsored terrorism….”
Parrikar’s statement drew serious condemnation from separatist leaders including SAS Geelani, 86, pro-freedom leader, since 1954 and Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF) chief Yasin Malik, who was among the first to cross Line of Control (LoC) to get trained in Pakistan and part of the first militant outfit JKLF fighting against Indian rule. Malik later resorted to non-violent means. He called Chief Minister Mufti Sayeed’s silence on Sopore killings as “criminal in nature” and directly linked the defense minister’s remark to civilians being shot dead in the town.
On 13 June, National Conference working president Omar Abdullah also strongly criticized Parrikar’s “terrorist killing terrorist” strategy, while addressing a public gathering with party supporters in Srinagar city. He further added that such a statement “has already shown ugly results in Sopore where a killing spree has started.”
The Hurriyat (G) chief, Geelani, on 14 June, asked the Chief Minister to step down from his power, as he said, the Chief Minister has failed to maintain law and order in the Valley and save innocent lives. Geelani added that if he fails to effectively stop the ongoing bloodshed of common Kashmiris it will become an underlying fact that “he is playing the role of a facilitator in implementing this plot” to one’s understanding.
In a statement on 15 June, while condemning the Sopore killings, UJC spokesperson Syed Sadaqat Hussain quoting UJC chief said, “Civilian killings in Sopore is a plot of Indian defense minister Manohar Parrikar, which is aimed at intimidating and killing of pro-freedom people in Kashmir, state police, task force and paid agents of India are part of this dreaded and shameful plot.”
Both the state and non-state actors accuse coalition partner BJP government of trying to revive the brutal years of 90s when Ikhwanis spurted like weeds spreading terror on streets of Kashmir.
Killing timeline
After Parrikar’s statement on 22 May, the frenzy horror began in Sopore town and nearby villages, the spree killers or untraceable ‘ghost gunmen’ on 25 May, fired at a franchise of telecom service provider – BSNL in Sopore killing a civilian and wounding two others including the franchise owner. On 27 May, a civilian who leased out his land to mobile company to set up a tower at Dooru village was killed. On 9 June, Sheikh Altaf-ur-Rehman, a pharmacist was shot dead. Altaf was said to be linked with the Hurriyat Conference led by Geelani. Another shopkeeper, Khursheed Ahmed Bhat from Bomai village was killed on 12 June. Most recent killings includes June 14, a surrendered militant was shot dead in Badamibagh area. Another former militant Aijaz Ahmad Reshi was killed, on 15 June, in Mundji area.
Upfront Parrikar
In an exclusive interview to Times of India, on 22 May, while clarifying his statement “terrorists should be neutralized by terrorists, he said, “Many terrorists are drawn into terrorism because of financial allurements… they are paid money for it. If such people are there, why not use them? What is the harm is using terrorists against terrorists? Why should our soldiers be in the front?”
His statements points out
“Many terrorist (people) are drawn into terrorism because of ‘financial allurements’ …they are paid money for it. If such people are there, why not ‘use’ them?”
(Lets hire people who are drawn into militancy for sake of money, well, Mr Parrikar money attracts us all but not to get killed, and those who get enticed at the stake of life are either in deep financial crisis or un-employed)
“….what is the harm in ‘using’ terrorists (destitute people) against terrorist? Why should ‘our soldiers’ be in front” (well, to save country it is soldier’s not terrorist’s job, no?).
The news article also reads “The aim is to exploit the differences between terror outfits for both intelligence-gathering as well as surgical strikes.”
So, in other words, does it mean let’s create an Ikhwan force and ‘use’ them?
In 90s, the rehabilitation packages offered to these militants who gave up arms and worked as army informant still stand controversial as their family members and houses were attacked, many got killed in the run-up.
Breakthrough?
On 16 June, Deputy Inspector General of Police (North Kashmir), Garib Dass told a local daily about the possible reasons behind the civilian killings that there is some “rivalry” withing the Hizbul Mujahideen (HM) faction. Also there is “confusion because of the new group Lashkar-e-Islam. The group partly got separated from HM because of rivalry and is carrying attacks.”
Meanwhile, IGP Kashmir, during a visit to Sopore, said, “It’s a part of strategy to provide security to soft targets.”
In the recent development, police on 16 June said that the investigation revealed involvement of two Hizbul Mujahideen militants who are allegedly behind the killings. They also sought public support to trace them and a bounty of one million INR on each was announced.
Hours later, in a statement, the HM spokesperson said that the UJC itself is scrutinizing the situation. “There are dependable proofs that the successors of Kuka Parray in Jammu and Kashmir especially in Sopore town are still linked with police and Territorial Army.”
Also, they too are trying to nab the killers, and “Jihad Council makes it clear that whosoever is involved in these killings irrespective of his affiliation with any organization or not will be treated as Indian agent and anti-freedom movement element and he will be put to death,” the statement read.
After the subsequent serial killings, the Chief Minister on Wednesday held a meeting of the Unified Headquarters to review security debacle. He expressed his concerns about civilian killings in Sopore. The home department was directed to carry out the investigations and ensure safety of civilians.
Crossword
The upfront remarks of Parrikar can’t be taken as naïve as it looks, in real sense it has come from Defense Minister of India himself.
So, who is behind the sudden spurt of killings in Sopore, is it a national mood behind the set-up? All fingers are pointing towards Parrikar though, as his remark perplexed or alerted many but is someone else taking an advantage of this confusion?
Is the alleged Hizbul Mujahideen the real killers?
Or is it about silently killing those who hoist Pakistan’s flag?
Has militancy in Kashmir gone out of control at present? Which isn’t the case, so why do we need “terrorists to kill terrorists”? If it’s about comeback of ‘state-sponsored militants’ then won’t it be an attempt to failure in Kashmir? Ikhwans had no popular support then, their tactics were considered ruthless and militancy relapsed. In the run-up many got killed before this culture faded.
Last, what.Home Page › Forums › Misophonia Forum › Mimicking & harming
- This topic is empty.
- AuthorPosts
- />Charlotte
Hi friends,
I think this is maybe the single most challenging thing I have ever written.
I have suffered with noise sensitivity for well over ten years – I am now 25. My biggest trigger is eating and chewing but not only that, watching peoples mouths move or people getting food out their teeth with their tongue. Even typing that has sent a fire through my body. I recently had to move back home because of the pandemic and this house is giving me serious PTSD from all the times I had suffered with sound – especially from my parents.
To say I haven’t been able to cope is an understatement. I have broken down to a dangerous point. I know a lot of people on here talk about mimicking in order to help but I have a severely negative experience with it. I have mimicked to the point where it’s compulsive, I mimic trigger noises I heard ten minutes ago whilst I’m alone to purposely rile myself. It is obscene – I know. I feel utterly insane. I intentionally make it all worse for myself out of compulsion to terrorise myself. Then that leads down a dangerous path of hurting myself. This has gotten out of control in the last week and I think I just needed to write it down somewhere in honesty.
Despite my family knowing I have issues with sounds, it’s never been taken seriously and always made me the butt of the joke. When my mood swings, there is no return and am quite often just seen as the bitch of the family, to put it bluntly. I fear their rejection of my issue so badly that I suffer entirely alone. I’m terrified that it’s heading down a dark path that I can’t get myself out of.
I wondered if anybody shared any similarities above or had any advise for these specific issues. I worry that I am broken and will never live a happy life./>Anna Marie
Hi Charlotte
I know the pain all too well!! From what I’ve read, we mimic noises because our own sounds don’t bother us. Sometimes it’s actually very helpful for me. If I make the same noise someone else is making then I feel like I’m sort of regaining control. Of course this is only helpful in some settings.
Living with my family through the pandemic has been hell— I’m sure most misophoniacs will agree. My only piece of advice is to remember that it might feel horrible right now, and as if it is ruining your life, but it will get better. If you’re more stressed in your life, your triggers will get so much worse. During less stressful time-periods, you won’t notice it as much
I wonder if your family would be more understanding if you explained it more how you explained it here— my family is so helpful, which is NECESSARY if one is to live with them.
Stay safe, wishing you all the best,
Your fellow noise hater/>Anne
I’ve not read all your message just yet.
I kinda didn’t need to.
The mimicking is so relatable. People don’t understand Miso so they sure won’t understand why we have to copy something we detest…. WE don’t understand! How are they supposed to.
Miso is horrible. I’m 56 I’ve had it since I was around 15 years of age.
The rising panic as someone walks in the room with a sandwich is near terrifying.
Now I’ve read your message.
I don’t harm myself. I never have or will.
Family is difficult. It’s the old saying familiarity breeds contempt. They can so rile us and we them … because we can get away with it…. we can’t with an outsider.
But I am still trying. I haven’t resigned myself to giving in to it. I will not drown in Miso … which now suddenly sounds like a soup!
Keep fighting … I will.
- AuthorPostsFooGallery 1.1.8 was released recently with two new templates included in the default templates extension. These are the Simple Portfolio and Justified Gallery templates.
Simple Portfolio Gallery at a Glance
One of the really appealing features of the Simple Portfolio Template is the ability to add Titles and Descriptions below each of your images. This is done by clicking on the “i” icon on the image within the “Gallery Items” editor.
From there, you can add your title into the “Caption” field. And your description into the “Description” field. Note that simple html is supported in the “Description” field, so you can add links or heading tags directly in there.
The Simple Portfolio image gallery template is perfect for showcasing your website client work, freelance photography, or even your digital product collection.
Learn More About the Simple Portfolio Gallery Template
You can view the complete Simple Portfolio documentation and demos on our documentation site here.RULE 034.00.99-007 - Amendment to Section C of the CZDC Ordinance and addition to the definition of "Minor Modifications"
RULE 034.00.99-007. Amendment to Section C of the CZDC Ordinance and addition to the definition of "Minor Modifications"
AMENDMENT TO SECTION C OF THE CZDC ORDINANCE.
ADDITION TO THE DEFINITION OF MINOR MODIFICATIONS
".
Public notice given on October 21st, 1999. First reading before the Capitol Zoning District Commission at a public hearing on October 28, 1999. Public comment period ends on December 2, 1999 at a public hearing before the CZD Commission at 5:30 p.m., at 410 South Battery in Little Rock. Approved by Capitol Zoning District Commission on December 2,1999.(12/3/1999)
The following state regulations pages link to this page.D&R Henderson Pty Ltd is one of Australia’s largest privately owned manufacturing companies operating in the Laminated Particleboard and Pine Timber Industry.
We have various manufacturing and sales locations across Australia. These locations are operated by people who share our commitment to strive for and maintain the highest standard of quality products and services.
This commitment underpins everything that we do, but to achieve this goal ultimately depends on the efforts of each and every employee at D&R Henderson Pty Ltd. This is why each and every member of our team is recognised and considered a vital asset to our Company.
Our commitment to employees is demonstrated in various ways such as through our continuously developing human resources framework, policies, training opportunities and career development.
Our History
Since opening our first warehouse in Sydney in 1964 specialising in plywood products, the company has progressed to a particleboard manufacturing and sawmilling organisation with offices and factories in five states across the continent.
D&R Henderson Pty Limited now employs over 400 people and is well established in the very competitive timber and wood panel industries in Australia. Our basic philosophy has been to develop a good working relationship with our customers while being committed to continual improvements in products and services.
The company has installed in-house raw material manufacturing processes to ensure reliability of supply and is therefore largely independent and self-sufficient as a group. With ongoing research and development, we are committed to continually improving both our range of products and service which will enable us to remain a leading edge of the industry.south dakota surplus auction pierre To be removed from the hard copy mailing list & receive ONLY email alerts, contact SD Property Management and let us know. 00 $2,750. us Parks and Recreation: ParkInfo@state. 20 60 - $432 70 - $504 80 - $576 90 - $648 100 - $655 100+ Custom Quote. Jul 21, 2020 · PO Box 700 08 East 2nd Ave. For decades, we’ve served northeast South Dakota selling South Dakota Game, Fish and Parks 523 East Capitol Ave Pierre, SD 57501 Hunting and Fishing: WildInfo@state. Online- Hermosa, SD. Homes Details: Total Auctions and Real Estate is a Sioux Falls, South Dakota auction, real estate, and personal property liquidation company. Auction. 12 Selling heavy equipment, vehicles, recreational, shop, office, kitchen & misc. Bowers Estate, Morna Anderson Estate Middle East Collection & Guests, Byron and Deanna Petersen Moving Sale, 10/12 Olmstead Motorcycle & Gun Collection, Kathy Ludwig Household and Antique Auction, Former SD Star Academy Surplus Liquidation Auction, William Gamber Collection, Cottonwood Field Station State of SD Surplus Sep 14, 2016 · State of South Dakota Surplus Vehicle & Equipment Auction 2016 320 S. Surplus Auction in Stanley County Fairgrounds/Expo, 320 Casey Tibbs, Fort Pierre, South Dakota, United States 19 Wednesday 19th May, 2021 12:00 PM Public Surplus Auctions. Time Left. If you have any of the the industrial surplus or equipment above for sale, submit our form or call us directly at 713-910-4337. Owners: Contact Auctioneer. Dacotah Diamond Auctions. 5% sales tax. Petrochemical surplus equipment. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 2013 9A. Search, Bid, Win. 6500; Toggle navigation. Preview auction items for sale. Sep 16th, 2015. Truck & Trailer Auction (1192) December 1 Auction. Online Only - Bidding Ends October 12 Custer , South Dakota Middle East Quality Collection - Plow Truck - ATV's - Snowmobiles - Trailers LARGE AUCTION Morna Anderson Estate & Guests, Custer, SD ONLINE BIDDING OPENS Friday October 8th and begins to close at 4:00 pm MT, Tuesday October 12th, 2021 - At www. SD Surplus Auction. Public Auction: "SOUTH DAKOTA STATE SURPLUS VEHICLE & EQUIPMENT AUC" by Bradeen Auctions. Sep 13, 2021 · State Surplus Vehicle & Equipment Auction Bradeen Real Estate & Auctions | Auction Monday September 13, 2021 12:00 pm | South Dakota Department of Transportation, 2529 W. 24, 2021 at 6:33 PM PDT. If you have any Questions, or to arrange to pick this up if you are the winner, please contact: Monty McNaught (605) 773-4935 monty. 4 hours ago Vold Auctioneers & Realty, Inc. Look no more – VISIT www. 12. 26th, 2021, 5:00 PM MDT Property Located at the Cottonwood Research Farm 23738 Fairview Road, Phillip, SD: 19 miles east of Wall or 11 miles west of Philip on Page Description: Above are a variety of banks and credit unions which may have bank repo cars for sale throughout South Dakota. surplus-auctions. Location: Mitchell, SD. Fort Pierre: Expo Building/Stanley County Fairgrounds Wednesday, September 15, 2021 Miscellaneous items selling at 9am central time; vehicles following at approximately noon. SALE BILL: The South Dakota House and Senate Legislative Please read the entire auction description and terms and look over the pictures carefully before bidding. Company Name: Black Hills Auto Auction. Bradeen Real Estate & Auctions. If you are at risk or uncomfortable attending, please refrain. 00 Government Surplus Auctions In: South Dakota, Tea. Thanks! Surplus Auctions. In May, he bid on items from the City of Huron surplus auction. Auction Attendees: 12,511. "The use of this new building gives us access to technology that will allow the park to reach a wider customer base," said Chad Kramer, buffalo herd Fill out the form above with a brief description and photos of your used process equipment or packaging machinery you would like to add to our consignment sale. Pierre South Dakota Owner: State of South Dakota Property Management Price Description 2001 JOHN DEERE 6310 KG022 0 L06310P297503 2003 STERLING LT9511 TANDEM AXLE DUMP DT068 2014 DODGE CHARGER DCI09 171370562 Please read the entire auction description and terms and look over the pictures carefully before bidding. Contact information for the South Dakota governor and key state agencies. The Best Investment On The Earth Is The Earth! 605. com for all your surplus deals. Public Auction: "State Surplus Vehicle & Equipment Auction" by Bradeen Auctions. pierre, sd Public Auction: "State Surplus Vehicle & Equipment Auction" by Bradeen Auctions. Our Listings ©2021 Total Auctions & Real Estate and Total Real Estate. Hwy. 09+/- Acres Of Alcester Twp, Union County, SD Farmland This farmland is located 3 miles South of Norway Center and 4 Miles North of Alcester, SD! This farm is located at the intersection of HWY 46 & HWY 11! Location: From Alcester SD go 3 3/4 mile North on HWY Please read the entire auction description and terms and look over the pictures carefully before bidding. Oct 18, 2021 · Displaying Live and Online Government Seized & Surplus Property Auctions in South Dakota(SD) including Federal Auctions, State Auctions, Local Auctions, Sheriff Sales, Police Auctions, Tax Sales and much more -- Showing Auction Listings 1 to 25 (Madison, Pierre, Huron, Sioux Falls, Huron, Sioux Falls, Huron, Sioux Falls) (including Ongoing Auctions). (Dakota News Now) - A seemingly everyday purchase at a city auction left a Brookings man reeling and worried about the safety of others. Our honesty, integrity and ethics protects the interest of the seller and helps create top market values. Auctions and Sales; Surplus Sales by State; Pierre, SD, 57501. 640 +/- Acres Tillable Land in White Township S26-T128N-R57W, S27-T128N-R57W Approx. Current Auctions for South Dakota Property Management. Sioux Avenue Pierre, SD 57501 ph 605-773-4935 fax 605-773-3837 Vermillion State Surplus Auction Vermillion: University of South Dakota Campus- 815 N. North Dakota is primarily an agricultural state with its focus more on crops and handling. Sheriff's Foreclosure Sales. us . SD Surplus Property Public Auction; Monday, September 13, 2021 @ 9:00 am State of South Dakota Auction Location Aberdeen, SD; Sdauctions. Kaelene borkowski, director south dakota federal property agency bureau of administration 20 colorado avenue, sw huron, sd surplus personal property sales: All items remaining at the end of the fiscal year will be sold, to the general public, at the state surplus auction in may held in the parking lot north of the agricultural heritage museum. Business Phone Number: (605) 368-5364. 520 Third Street, Suite 100, Brookings, SD 57006. Residents of South Dakota will pay 6. Total Auctions & Real Estate - Premier South Dakota . property@state. Wed Nov 17 - 01:00PM -- Britton, SD Live Land Auction Marshall County, South Dakota Approx. Legislative Research Council 500 East Capitol Avenue | Pierre, SD 57501 South Dakota Department of Labor and Regulation, Pierre, SD Website: Department of Labor and Regulation ; Email: insurance@state. Friday, August 7, 2020 Miscellaneous items selling at 9am central time; vehicles following at approximately noon. surplus property auction. Sunday, November 28, 2021 @ 7:00 pm. us Phone Number: 605-773-3563. Pierre, SD Hitchcock Museum Surplus Invoentory Auction Sunday November 7, 2021 11:00 AM CENTRAL Community and Youth Involved Center, Fort Pierre, SD Another great auction for the Hitchcock Museum featuring 40+ vintage Winchesters and other firearms, wes Please read the entire auction description and terms and look over the pictures carefully before bidding. Pierre, SD State of South Dakota $900. Location: Fort Pierre, SD Bradeen Auctions. Sep 13, 2017 · Sale: State of South Dakota Surplus Property Auction Date: Wednesday, September 13, 2017 Location: Ft. , TOOLS SDSU Cottonwood Field Station State of South Dakota Surplus Auction ONLINE BIDDING OPENS Friday Oct. Skip To Navigation; Skip To Content; State of South Dakota Surplus Computers, Laptops, Notebooks, Printers Cisco Routers and Switches Fax Machines, Laptop Bags, Phones Keyboards, Toner & Ink May 24, 2018 · SD SURPLUS PROPERTY AUCTION , BROOKINGS SD 5/24/18. Please read the entire auction description and terms and look over the pictures carefully before bidding. Apr 27, 2021 · The Kentucky Department of Fish and Wildlife Resources will host its semi-annual auction of surplus and confiscated items via an online format this spring. Mitchell, SD, Mitchell, South Dakota, United States Please read the entire auction description and terms and look over the pictures carefully before bidding. 605-773-4935. Jark Worlie Auction Service, LLC, is a family-owned company that was founded in 1966. * SD SURPLUS PROPERTY PUBLIC AUCTION * THURSDAY, MAY 24, 2018 9:00 AM CDT * 1207 MEDARY AVE. Pierre – State Surplus Auction. View information about Brookings County Sheriff's foreclosed property sales by sale date including sale time, property for sale, sale type, and sale status. Fort Pierre: Expo Building/Stanley County Fairgrounds NOTE!! TUESDAY, July 21, 2020 Miscellaneous items selling at 9am central time; vehicles following at approximately noon. Phone Number: Government Surplus Auction (251) Wed, Dec 1. Posted: November 17, 2021. List with Surplus Record. m. com DA: 18 PA: 45 MOZ Rank: 66 Are in NEED of an MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT AUCTION in NORTH DAKOTA – Are you in NEED of a FORK LIFT AUCTION in NORTH DAKOTA – Well – your search ends here. 4 days 19 hours. PayPal payments can be sent to Surplus. South Dakota Auctions & Auction Houses SD Estate Sales . powered by Microsoft News. Jun 25, 2021 · Published: Jun. Nov 18, 2021 · South Dakota Federal DOD Surplus Property taking place Live on in Fort Pierre, SD 57501 (South Dakota) is a Surplus Auction, Auctions off items such as electronics, furniture, medical supplies, etc. 00 $7,000. Auction will be held on Wed Sep 15 @ 09:00AM at Expo Center/Stanley County Fairgrounds, 320 S. Miles/Hours are approximate. Find the auction date and venue, auction items for sale, and learn how to bid. 274. 50 40 - $310 50 - $367. All we ask is that you take your check and Cash It! It's your money! The Cash IT program is conducted one time per year. Recipients will be sent a letter in advance of a check from the State of South Dakota. When. wednesday may 15, 2019 9:00 am cdt. 31 Acres Located Just North of Miller, SD Near the Golf Course! Selling at Live Public Auction: June 24th 6:30 PM On-Site 2303 N Broadway Ave. Sep 10, 2021 · Welcome to SD Property Mgmt. South Dakota Legislature. Miller, SD 57362 E 1/2 3. Pipeline valves. November 7 Ft. Alternate view: All items by type. Valve Actuators. 12 in Aberdeen, SD 57401. Scammers have tried to prey upon Armslist users in the past, and while we may not eradicate their presence 100%, we will eradicate the vast majority. SOUTH DAKOTA STATE SURPLUS VEHICLE & EQUIPMENT AUCTION Surplus Auction in Stanley County Fairgrounds/Expo, 320 Casey Tibbs, Fort Pierre, South Dakota, United States 19 Wednesday; 19th May, 2021 12:00 PM Add to Calendar Oilfield surplus. Approx Auctionzip. MST at the new Custer State Park visitor center, located 15 miles east of Custer on Highway 16A, near the junction of the Wildlife Loop Road and Highway 16A. com Show details . Please follow social distancing practices. That will be nearly eradicated with the new version of the site. mcnaught@state. Each state has its own laws and regulations for securities brokers and securities - including stocks, mutual funds, commodities, real estate, etc. GSA Auctions®, General Services Administration, Government Site for Auctions. Lenders that originally repossessed a collateral property or home are regularly ready to sell assets for a large Auctions in South Dakota SD Thorpe Realty & Auction Inc Brown County Land AuctionLive and Online BiddingFRIDAY, NOVEMBER 12, 2021 - 1:30pmAuction Location: Hecla Community Center - 206 Main St - Hecla, SD 57446Pasture - Hunting - Investment472 Taxable Acres - Live Auction Start: 1:30pmLansing Twp Discover South Dakota United States of America surplus auctions. Current Price. 22nd, 2021 begins to close Tuesday Oct. USED True Manufacturing Refrigerator. 9:00am - 9:00am. Qualifying individuals have unclaimed property valuing between $10 and $2,000 and our department was able to verify identity and contact Please read the entire auction description and terms and look over the pictures carefully before bidding. msn back to msn home lifestyle. And lastly, the financial, emotional South Dakota Game, Fish and Parks 523 East Capitol Ave Pierre, SD 57501 Hunting and Fishing: WildInfo@state. Casey Tibbs St. Online Surplus Auction Services South Dakota state agencies, institutions, and universities may make direct purchases from this Pierre SD 57501-3182 605 773 May 15, 2021 · The South Dakota Horsemen's Association stallion service auction has been created through the generous donations of many fine horsemen in an effort to generate funds to keep the culture of outstanding horsemen alive. * ALSO SELLING LARGE AMOUNT OF MISC. May 15, 2019 · SD Surplus Property Public Auction by Bradeen Real Estate & Auctions is coming to Ft Pierre SD. state of south dakota. Fisher valves. Approximate Number of Listings *. On his phone, Tim Caya looks for deals and places bids for items on online auction sites. com DA: 26 PA: 50 MOZ Rank: 79. May 19, 2021 · PO Box 700 08 East 2nd Ave. ONLINE ONLY! FINAL RARE INDIAN LITERATURE, NEWSPAPERS, AND MAGAZINES ALONG WITH OLD PICTURES! THE BOB BEAROR COLLECTION. Fort Pierre, South Dakota 57532 ph: (605) 223-7690 Bradeen Real Estate & Auctions is having SOUTH DAKOTA STATE SURPLUS VEHICLE & EQUIPMENT AUCTION in Fort Pierre SD on May 19, 2021. 00 $3,700. Stay updated on garage sales, online auctions, our on-site auctions and all of our State Government surplus sales! SD Property Mgmt - Surplus Auctions, 1320 E Sioux Ave, Pierre, SD (2021) STATE OF SOUTH DAKOTA SURPLUS PROPERTY PUBLIC AUCTIONS 4 DAYS – 4 LOCATIONS STATEWIDE! MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 2013 9AM CDT – ABERDEEN, SD – DOT SHOP W. TRACTORS, TRAILERS, LIVESTOCK & FARM EQUIP. We have the experience and expertise that fosters the advantages of selling at auction. us Oilfield surplus. Auction will be held on Wed May 19 @ 09:00AM at Stanley County Fairgrounds/Expo, 320 Casey Tibbs in Fort Pierre, SD 57532. Please Select 10 - $90 20 - $170 25 – $201. Free Search. Notes. pierre, sd customers can preview the passenger vehicles sa. Condition is as reported to our office. M. 26th, 2021, 5:00 PM MDT Property Located at the Cottonwo SD Surplus Property Public Auction – South Dakota Auction . Ft. CDT – MITCHELL, SD - I-90 EXIT 330 Zomer Auctions Sat Dec 11 - 10:30AM -- Alcester, SD Upcoming Live Public Auction Of 142. Ohlman St. Surplus fittings. Jan 23, 2020 · Defense Liquidation Services announces a surplus auction from South Dakota Air National Guard base in Sioux Falls of 3 decommissioned Incom Corporation 1977 T-65B X-wing Space Superiority Fighters. fairgrounds ft. The State reserves the right to remove auction items up to & including sale day. Cottonwood Field Station State of SD Surplus. There is a small chance a sale may be canceled for various reasons, please call to confirm. View. AS IS/NO WARRANTY. * EQUIPMENT AND VEHICLE SALE ORDER AS VIEWED HERE. sd. Building Supplies Auctions Auctions in Southdakota. 460 +/- Acres Pasture in Nordland Township S9-T127N-R56W, S16-T127N-R56W, S16 Payment may be made by MasterCard or Visa at 605- 773-4935. Sep 15th, 2021. Pick up within 10 days of end of auction. Dakota St. Subscribe to receive email notifications about auction events. Auction will be held on Mon Sep 13 @ 08:00AM at South Dakota Department of Transportation, 2529 W. D. Fort Pierre, South Dakota 57532 ph: (605) 223-7690 May 15, 2019 · state of south dakota surplus property auction wednesday may 15, 2019 9:00 am cdt expo center/stanley co. . SIOUX FALLS, S. 50 30 – $232. Title. us Just 55 miles off the coast of South Florida, Our Lucaya offers 7 1/2 acres of beach, 14 restaurants and lounges, 4 outrageous pools, 2 championship golf courses, the Butch Harmon School of Golf, tennis, 79 land and water activities available to choose from, Senses Spa and fitness center and even a FREE children's camp. The South Dakota Sep 10, 2021 · Welcome to SD Property Mgmt. Phone: (605) 696-8250 Fax: (605) 696-8259. Fort Pierre State Surplus Auction. expo center/stanley co. Register free and start bidding today across more than 500 categories. . Beautiful 3+ Bedroom, 2 bathroom Home with Attached 3-Car Garage on 2. Nov 02, 2021 · Displaying Live and Online Government Seized & Surplus Property Auctions in South Dakota(SD) including Federal Auctions, State Auctions, Local Auctions, Sheriff Sales, Police Auctions, Tax Sales and much more -- Showing Auction Listings 1 to 8 (Brookings, Rapid City, Sioux Falls, Spearfish, Yankton, Huron) (including Ongoing SOUTH DAKOTA STATE SURPLUS VEHICLE & EQUIPMENT … Globalauctionguide. HWY. Return to Top. Services we provide: * Disposal of surplus property to authorized entities and the public. Jul 16, 2020 · South Dakota finishes fiscal year with $19 million surplus. Payment may be made by MasterCard or Visa at 605-773-4935. Securities Administrators. Sep 14, 2021 · State Surplus Vehicle & Equipment Auction Auction in South Dakota Department of Transportation, Region office, Exit 330 â€“ 1300 S. Nov 01, 2021 · Lester’s Liquidation Auction. Electrical motors. Surplus Auctions. 2927153. SALE BILL. Commissioner Scott Bollinger Lennis Axdahl, Manager Property Management Contact Information: 1320 E. Control valves. Connect with us to learn more about listing tiers, pricing, and custom quotes. Fort Pierre State Surplus Auction - MAP: Stanley County Fairgrounds, Fort Pierre, SD Wednesday, May 16 9am CDT. We DO ACCEPT PAYPAL. One of our auction specialists will contact you promptly. Equipment FOLLOWED BY Vehicles sell at approx 11am. Foreclosed assets, such as boats, RVs, houses, cars, or trucks are available around Pierre, Sioux Falls, as well as other cities all around the state. Surplus Auctions. Matt Ramsey Auctions. The State of South Dakota reserves the right to end this auction at any time, for any reason it deems necessary. us This item is owned by the State of South Dakota and has been declared surplus. Pierre, SD in Fort Pierre, SD 57532. BROOKINGS SD * EQUIPMENT AND VEHICLES SELL APPROMIXIMATELY 11:00 AM. If you would like to contact us directly by phone, call Michael Cohen at 630-258-2542. Stay updated on garage sales, online auctions, our on-site auctions and all of our State Government surplus sales! We are the surplus property division for the State of South Dakota. ITEMS INCLUDING : LIVESTOCK EQUIPMENT , OFFICE EQUIPMENT , ANTIQUE MACHINERY, MOWERS, TOOLS Nov 01, 2021 · The video auction will begin at 10 a. Welcome to SD Property Mgmt. People have complained of impolite offers and communications from users with bad manners. Miller SD. south dakota surplus auction pierre
l9s s6s lqc ubu bnj 5sg ruf 6wd dk7 sxo d1o 3fp ps6 1ef uhu egx jxk mth stq gp8Because we offer a variety of flexible programs to get the most out of your education.
Because we offer real-world education
At UConn CEE, you will have the opportunity to learn using cutting-edge educational technologies and pedagogical approaches. Our ABET-accredited programs include a wide variety of design-oriented courses that integrate real-world problems and culminate in the capstone design course. Seniors spend their last year working on a real-life project sponsored by an engineering firm, municipal or government agency to solve a problem with realistic technical and financial constraints.
We also offer several unique opportunities, such as
Because we pursue innovation and excellence in research
UConn is a Research 1 (R1) designated university, according to the Carnegie classification. This means that research is at the core of the University and the School of Engineering mission. The CEE faculty are renowned experts and work on multi-million dollar projects that address the grand challenges of tomorrow. In a rapidly evolving world, we believe that access to the frontiers of knowledge and an appreciation of the research enterprise provides our students with a competitive advantage over their peers. Engagement in research also provides an opportunity for closer interaction with faculty and mentoring by graduate students, widening student horizons of what it means to be an engineer.
To this end, the department provides a competitive research internship program that provides financial support for our students to spend one summer and one academic year conducting research in our world-class laboratories with a faculty member of their choice. The first cohort of our Undergraduate Research and Innovation program was launched in the Summer of 2019, including 10 students of both civil and environmental engineering.
OUR FACULTY
31 Faculty members – 11 female faculty (35%)
22 Tenure/Tenure Track faculty members
2 Assistant, 10 Associate, 10 Full Professors
4 full-time teaching faculty (Assistant/Associate Professors in Residence)
5 full-time research faculty (Assistant/Associate Research Professors)
OUR STUDENTS
Enrollment Statisticspittsburgh
1,2,3, “Big Weather II”
Under the storms of animated circumstances.
Stream Secret Tombs' Secretly Yours CS
Get spooked out by some 70s-tinged guitar jams from the grimey basements of Pittsburgh, PA.
Premiere: Dazzletine, “Plumage”
Some last minute costume ideas from Pittsburgh, PA indie glam stars.
Behind the Mask: Black Moth Super Rainbow's Tom Fec
Behind Pittsburgh's rad cult of BMSR.
An interview with Girl Talk
Greg Gillis speaks volumes about success, selling out, and the changing views on sampling.
pittsburghWithin
2 thoughts on “In your grandmother’s womb: The egg that made you.”
Reblogged this on Beautiful Heart and commented:
I have updated this post, and added a poem.
Pingback: You are invited to explore – Beautiful HeartThe general principle of Monaco's tax system is the total absence of any direct taxes. There are 2 exceptions to this principle :
Apart from the agreements it has with France, the Principality has not signed any other bilateral fiscal agreements..
Registration fees are payable for registration formalities, either at a proportional rate (the usual rates are between 0.5% and 7.5%), or a fixed rate (of 10 €).Have you ever had a singular experience that offered sudden and valuable insight?
Wind-up toys recall for me the memory of just such a day, when, as a new art student in New York City, I struggled to find my place in that metropolis of such intimidating size and energy. My weekly budget was low and I was taking odd jobs to make ends meet.
Browsing about in a vintage toy store filled with all manner of retro toys, I found myself playing with a little wind-up tin hen. The pecking motion of the hen amused me and provided welcome relief from the day-today challenges of the moment.
On impulse I decided to tighten my belt just a little bit more for dinner that day, and
indulged my desire to have this toy. As I was about to pay at the register I spotted a small button, in a box of many, with white words printed on a blue background: Don’t postpone joy!
I bought the button, too. These few words on a simple button made me feel I had made the right choice in buying that little tin windup bird. Joy is always within reach no matter our circumstance. It’s a decision, a choice that can be made in the present. Joy never needs to be postponed, or waited for. Our joy is a choice.
The wind-up hen has stayed with me as a reminder of the value of play and has helped me remain calm and relaxed in the face of life’s many unanticipated challenges.
With this memory in mind I’ve painted a series of wind-up birds, and share below a short video showing the different STEPS in the process of making a wind-up hen, in watercolor.
I invite you to play, paint, experiment, and bring up your joyful spirit right now.
Don’t postpone joy!
Prints of these toy birds are available in my Webshop, click here.Medicare Education
Does the alphabet soup of Medicare leave you with more questions than answers? Are you wondering what all the hype about Medicare AEP & OP mean? Come join us for a 1-hour education event that will delve into the different aspects of Medicare and it’s offerings.
Join Heather Arnold, owner and advisor of S. Grace Advisors, an insurance and financial planning firm, for a free, no-commitment education event. Heather is a seasoned industry professional who understands that insurance and financial planning can be confusing and nerve wracking. That’s why her goal is to help consumers understand and navigate their options; providing the information they need to make the best decision(s) for themselves and their families while planning for and securing their financial futures. She is licensed in multiple states and helps clients of all ages and backgrounds.Crack Injection and Hose Injection
Cracks in the building substance are structurally weak points. Additionally, penetrating water may cause damage and may reduce the usage and lifetime of the building.
An elastic sealing or structural-bonding of the crack is required. In order to achieve this, the crack is filled over its entire course with a polyurethane injection resin via pressure injection. The injection resins which are applied can also be used in drinking water environments.
Case Studies
Injection Systems
KB PUR 2 IN 1 – Water Reactive Elastic PU-injection Resin
Injection Systems
KB-POX IN – Epoxy Resin for Crack Injection and Saturation for Structural Rebonding
Injection Systems
Koster PUR Gel
Water Activated Polyurethane Gel
Injection Systems
Koster G4 Gel
Low Viscosity Acrylic Injection Gel
Injection Systems
Koster Superpackers
For Use With Injections Resins & Gels‘HEG can procure 100% renewable energy for your business and issue a certificate of compliance for your premises’
As companies become more aware of their impact on the environment around them, more of our clients are enquiring about having access to renewable energy sources in an effort to reduce their carbon footprint.
With 150 countries across the world agreeing to new greenhouse gas emission caps at a meeting in Paris in December 2015, regulation has being brought in across Europe to limit the use of “dirty” fuels. If your company is proactive and wants to make a difference sooner rather than later, we can procure 100% renewable energy for you and issue you with a certificate of compliance for display in your premises.- What are Gaslighting tactics?
- How do you trick a gaslighter?
- Is Silent treatment a form of Gaslighting?
- Can Gaslighting be unintentional?
- How do you Gaslight someone?
- How do you recover from being Gaslighted?
- Should you call out a gaslighter?
- Does a person know they are Gaslighting?
- Why do people Gaslight?
- How do you deal with a parent who is a gaslighter?
- Why do mothers Gaslight?
- Can you accidentally Gaslight someone?
- Can Gaslighting cause psychosis?
- Can Gaslighting cause memory loss?
- What do you say to a gaslighter?
- How do you know you’re being Gaslighted?
- What happens when you call out a gaslighter?
- What is a gaslighter personality?
What are Gaslighting tactics?
Gaslighting is a technique that undermines your entire perception of reality.
When someone is gaslighting you, you often second-guess yourself, your memories, and your perceptions.
After communicating with the person gaslighting you, you are left feeling dazed and wondering what is wrong with you..…
Is Silent treatment a form of Gaslighting?
“The silent treatment is the ultimate gaslighting because it denies the reality of you, of your humanity,” Sarkis says.
Can Gaslighting be unintentional?
Unintentional Gaslighting Is Still Gaslighting In many cases, this gaslighting isn’t intentional, at least not in an abusive way. … Even though it isn’t intentional in an abusive way, it can still be incredibly toxic.
How do you Gaslight someone?
According to Psychology Today, gaslighting typically begins gradually, with a snide comment or critical remark disguised as a joke. The gaslighter may then deny having said or done something, tell blatant lies and eventually project his or her bad behavior or traits on you.
How do you recover from being Gaslighted?
The first and most important step in healing from gaslighting is learning to believe yourself….Here are some ways to start.Practice mindfulness. … Keep a feelings journal. … Affirm your own feelings and opinions. … Find professional support.Nov 22, 2019
Should you call out a gaslighter?
You can extinguish a gaslighter pretty easily. First, call them out. You don’t have to confront them head on. But the way you react can convey that you know what they’re up to.
Does a person know they are Gaslighting?
Sometimes, the person doing the gaslighting doesn’t know they’re doing it. Sometimes, it’s as much to do with their own insecurities around being wrong or having less power in a relationship as it is out of an active desire to undermine their partner. you deal with a parent who is a gaslighter?
If you suspect there’s gaslighting going on in your relationship with your parent (or parents), seek out the help of a licensed therapist—specifically someone who specializes in family therapy—who can help you define what you’re going through and help you get past it.
Why do mothers).
Can Gaslighting cause psychosis?
Gaslighting induces cognitive dissonance in the victim, “often quite emotionally charged cognitive dissonance”, and makes the victim question their own thinking, perception, and reality testing, and thereby tends to evoke in them low self-esteem and disturbing ideas and affects, and may facilitate development of …
Can Gaslighting cause memory loss?
But, it is normal to lose your memory when you are being gaslighted. In fact, it is one of the signs that you should look for. It’s a good sign that it’s time to leave. A gaslighter does not simply need to be right.”
How do you know you’re being Gaslighted?
Signs of gaslighting being more anxious and less confident than you used to be. often wondering if you’re being too sensitive. feeling like everything you do is wrong. always thinking it’s your fault when things go wrong...All I know is, her name is Eva Togbah. On September 23, she was sick. Observers would know it right away; she couldn’t hide a single, long trickle of blood running out of her mouth. Sitting in a car outside the Doctors Without Borders Ebola Treatment Center in Monrovia, Liberia, her young yet worn face looking into the distance, she became an unforgettable image. Fifteen days later, her photo appeared in my morning paper. But the newspaper article was about thousands of affected people. So of course, the details of her care, her suffering, her relationships with loved ones, what became of her ultimately – all of these are omitted. Editors must fit text into limited space, right? Or is it that readers have short attention spans and no one’s really asking about one woman named Eva? In a world of billions….
I’m quick to anger because I don’t know whether Eva survived this horrible virus, but then I stop to consider that I am convicted as well. Her face cries out silently for help. How many times have I seen her face as I go about my weekly routine? The people I meet on a daily basis might not have Ebola, but they may suffer, many in unspeakable ways. Right here and now I can wait to hear the whisper, about where to listen longer, share a smile, give encouragement, or simply minister by being fully present. Lord, have mercy on me and show me your way to love.Property Attributes
- MLS#204061
- TypePending
- CountyMCLENNAN
- CityLorena
- NeighborhoodDonaldson
- Zip76655
- StyleDetached
- Year Built2002
- Taxes$ 6904
- Price$ 449,900
- Bedrooms4
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms1
- Sqr Footage2252
- Lot Size3 Acres
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Texas Premier Realty
Data Source:
Waco Association of REALTORS® - 197 - TX
Property Description
Country living yet close to city amenities. This beauty has what you need. Four bedrooms with two and half baths on three acres with a workshop. Private covered back patio with privacy fenced back yard plus chicken coop and raised garden beds. Newly planted fruit trees - 2 apple, 2 peach, 2 pear, 1 fig, and 1 plum all irrigated. As soon as you step in the front door you're eyes are drawn to a wood burning fire place. The main areas of the home are wood floors, carpet has been removed from bedrooms and have a wood laminate flooring. If you're needing an isolated room for a teen or guest, then this house offers just that. This room is off of the kitchen area with a half bath, laundry room, and storage closets. When in the kitchen you have an amazing view of the backyard with over sized window from the kitchen sink. Custom cabinetry with a built in pantry and island for all the holiday gatherings for you to host. The main bedroom has plenty of room for large bed and furniture. The main bathroom has his and hers closets, whirlpool tub, separate shower and semi-private water closet. The other two rooms are separate by a hall bath with a closed off area for the vanity. Sprinkler system in front and back. Two HVAC units keep this home cool in the summer and warm in the winter.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- Pool Leaders, but my school isn't registered
- My school is not in England, can I sign up for membership?
- See all 9 articles
Managing your membership
My trust membership
Invite or remove colleagues
Updating personal details
Updating school or trust details
- How can I see who is registered at my school?
- My school has joined a multi-academy trust. Does this affect my membership?
- My school has recently converted to academy status. What do we need to do?
- My school is closing. What do we need to do?
- Our School email handle has changed. Can I update them?
- Our Trust email needs to be updated. and invoicing
- How can I pay our invoice?
- How can I add a purchase order number to our invoice?
- How can I pay for our membership by Direct Debit?
- How can I pay for our membership using a credit or debit card?
- How can I update my billing information?
- I have a query about the invoice for our membership
- See all 14 articles
Individual memberships
Using our services
The Key for School Leaders
- How do I use The Key for School Leaders?
- What is The Key for School Leaders?
- How do I ask a question on school leadership or governance?
- Can I use The Key's Policies on my school website?
- Coronavirus: What you need to know
- DfE Devices Announcement - Who do I contact to order devices?
- See all 11 articles
The Key for School Governors
GovernorHub
- Who is GovernorHub & what do they do?
- How does this fit with the GovernorHub/ Modern governor partnership?
- Can we put all of your gov services into the gov support package we offer schools?
- What will this do to the services schools usually buy from us?
- Where will you be headquartered?
- We have federated boards, how will you price both services?
- See all 17 articles
The Key for Trust Leaders
Safeguarding Training Centre
- I'm a DSL - How do I use the Safeguarding Training Centre?
- Is The Key’s safeguarding training compliant?
- What is The Safeguarding Training Centre?
- Can I use E-Safety factsheets on my school website?
- How do I access the Safeguarding Training Centre checklist feature?
- How do I get access to the features for trusts in Safeguarding Training Centre?
- See all 13 articles
CPD Toolkit
IdeaStream
Compliance Tracker
- Can I still use Compliance Tracker?
- How can I export my data from Compliance Tracker?
- You said you’d had feedback from your members about Compliance Tracker not being right for them, can you share a bit more detail on that please?
- Why have you decided to remove Compliance Tracker?
- Can I still get support with compliance for my school in any way from The Key?
- With Compliance Tracker being removed, where will my data go?
- See all 13 articles
Promoted articles
Find our featured articles and guides here
There are three ways to register for both the K...
Visit Create Account Find your school by ente...
It's great to hear that you're interested in Th...
Thank you for your interest in The Key for Scho...
Good news! Your colleagues can register themsel...
For membership to The Key for School Leaders, T......
This video tutorial is a quick guide for you...April 22, 2018
Philadelphia fans have quickly gone from one of the most tortured groups in sports to living their best lives in the span of a calendar year. The Eagles' Super Bowl victory provided a cosmic lift for the city, and the city's basketball team has done their best to take the opportunity and run with it.
It's fairly easy to do that when you have two players as good as Joel Embiid and Ben Simmons. Philadelphia's dynamic duo has dominated opposing teams when they've shared the court, and the former's return to action in Game 3 is a big reason why Philadelphia has taken a commanding 3-1 lead over Miami, with a worst-case scenario being a home game in Philadelphia for a Game 7.
The Sixers are well ahead of schedule, and their play is allowing people to dream about NBA Finals trips that seem more realistic by the day.
There's a lot of action left before that pie-in-the-sky scenario comes into focus, so for now, we set our sights on your questions about a few minor hurdles facing Philadelphia at the moment.
Will Markelle Fultz get back on the court vs the Heat (x garbage time) ?— RMacs (@PhillyHotspur) April 20, 2018
Given what we’ve seen over the last few games, it seems safe to say it’s unlikely for Markelle Fultz to return to the rotation for the rest of the series, short or long as it is. Things can obviously pivot at any given moment, but in the time he has played he has shown little indication that he belongs on the floor in a playoff setting.
Maybe this is just a problem against a team like the Heat, who are playing a physical brand of basketball in an effort to overcompensate for the talent gap between the teams. It’s a step beyond what you normally see even in the meat grinder that is the NBA playoffs, and it’s particularly impactful for a player who hasn’t had time to build a complete understanding of how to adjust and respond to tactics at the NBA level.
But Fultz has not been good during his very brief time on the court in the playoffs, regardless of the qualifiers you use to explain that predicament.
Miami has punished his inability/unwillingness to take an outside jump shot, giving him the same sag-off treatment teams provided Ben Simmons early in the NBA calendar. The difference, of course, is that Simmons is large and athletic enough to punish teams for doing so, and is a superlative passer in traffic even when he’s not finishing at the rim. Fultz has good size and athleticism for his position, but it is not enough to overcompensate for a jumper that fell into a black hole somewhere between suburban Maryland and Philadelphia.
Frankly, defense has been just as big a problem for Fultz against Miami. He was passable as a defender during his cameo in the regular season, but bad habits are punished a lot more against the stiffer competition and more extensive prep work of a playoff battle. Fultz’s cheating away from his man to swipe at ball handlers has allowed shooters to get relatively clean looks, and he has been eaten alive by screens on several different occasions.
Add on to this that Fultz is committing fouls at a high rate for any player, let alone a guard — he's averaging 6.3 fouls per 36 minutes in the playoffs, with obvious sample size notes — which have been indictive of the bad positions he's letting himself get put into. He's a step behind in moments where you simply can't afford that, and the Heat have wildly outplayed the Sixers during his minutes as a result.
The Sixers already have to make defensive concessions in order to get some of their rotation players on the floor. Marco Belinelli has been put in the torture chamber by Dwyane Wade throughout the series, but his microwave scoring and floor spacing off the bench has frequently been a fair trade off. Brett Brown is willing to make defensive concessions if it means putting shooting around Simmons and Joel Embiid, and for good reason.
At this point, the question becomes less “Will Fultz play?” and more “Why does he deserve to play right now?”
He isn’t offering value on either end of the court, and the case for developmental time goes away when your young team shows it has the talent (and a realistic path) to make a deep playoff run. It’s a hard call to make given Fullz’s importance to the future, but even an optimist’s case is tough to make — is he really benefitting from getting his ass kicked up and down the court for 5-10 minutes a game?
They may need him at some point during this playoff run. It doesn't appear to be now.
What are your thoughts on the Kawhi-to-Philly trade buzz? Sounds like most people are saying trade would involve some combination of Lakers Pick (assuming 10), Fultz and Covington?— Jamma (@jamma789) April 20, 2018
I think Kawhi Leonard trade buzz for Philadelphia is as real as it could be for pretty much any team in the league. They have young trade chips, draft assets, and two readymade stars ready to play alongside Leonard, which makes them an appealing trade suitor from the perspective of his current team and Leonard himself, I would imagine.
Where I would disagree is in the construction of the package — I think Dario Saric almost certainly has to be in the discussions if the Sixers want to be a serious bidder. If we were having this conversation last June, Fultz would have easily had the most trade value of the guys they were likely to send out in a trade. But everything that has happened since has warped and diminished his value.
The primary concerns regarding Leonard's future are health and character related. It's hard to tell how seriously to take the former given that the Spurs cleared him months ago, only for Leonard and his "camp" to reject that notion in favor of his own treatment path. This is inevitably connected to the latter, and we are really short on answers regarding how much influence Leonard's family, friends, and associates are having on his situation.
The good news for Philadelphia is that Brett Brown's ties to Leonard and the Spurs give him a unique opportunity to collect intel from various parties involved. If this is really a long-term problem for Leonard, or if there is uncertainty that Leonard would commit to Philadelphia past the expiration of his current deal, the Sixers are well-positioned to know that and weigh the risks accordingly.
As I've written in the past, Leonard would be an excellent fit in Philadelphia if the previous concerns are unfounded, and this is a case of Leonard just wanting out of San Antonio. If there is reason to pause, however, there are free agents the Sixers can and will target who they can bring in without sacrificing any of the young talent on hand. Leonard would be nice to have in Philly, but he's certainly not an all-or-nothing proposition.
Do you think Kelle needs a full summer’s worth of work to regain hia old form on his jumper?— Mathieu (@MJD_PHWH) April 20, 2018
I’m really not trying to be alarmist about Fultz’s future, but I don’t think the complete absence of his jumpshot is lending the most hope toward the reclamation of his shot.
As I reported in February, the public timeline and the private timeline for what Fultz was doing this season are wildly different. This is not a player who was shut down and not working for an extended period of time — Fultz was in the gym working and shooting all throughout the season, including during the tumultuous months of October and November.
Knowing that’s the case, the case for him rediscovering his jumper in the offseason becomes flimsier. It’s one thing to minimize expectations for skill development within a season because it’s hard to ask players to keep piling on new moves and traits when you’re trying to build a base of consistency. But Fultz is not having a normal season, and was allowed to essentially go through a skill development program without any of the day-to-day demands of playing in games.
Is that much different from what he's going to be exposed to this offseason? I'm not sure. You can make a case that coaches and trainers he might work with would have unlimited time together in the offseason, free from the burden of helping with game prep and development of other players. They can get back to basics with Fultz without limitations. He's a hard worker and a good kid, and those facts still bode well.
Theoretically, yes, a full offseason will help him more than anything he was able to do during the season. There's a low likelihood he'll play in Summer League, as I'd imagine the team will be happy to have him working out behind closed doors and just getting thousands of reps in as a jump-shooter.
But as with anything Fultz-related, there's too much guesswork to say for sure. I don't know if or when the "old form" is coming back, and I would be skeptical about anyone who postures as such.
Does Bellinelli’s recent play make a significant impact on the the odds of Redick returning next season? If you can presumably get Marco on a much cheaper deal? Do they really need both?— The P.A.S.T. (@PhillyTrivia) April 20, 2018
I don't think their futures are all that connected. JJ Redick is a better player than Belinelli by a pretty comfortable margin, even if the latter's hot streak has made the gap look smaller recently.
For one, Redick is a significantly better team defender than Belinelli is, a lot less prone to getting lost away from the ball and firmly in "solid" territory on the wing. His size and athleticism can be exploited on switches, but he's tough enough and engaged enough that it doesn't hurt him too badly.
Redick also brings a lot of value on offense that doesn't come down to just shooting and scoring. There is an argument to be made he's the best screener on the team, and is a unique weapon there because of the combination of that reality with his shooting chops. Teams play so scared of him coming around on curls that they're often caught off guard when he stays in their path and stops a defender in their tracks, opening a lane toward the basket.
He also skirts the line of legality, but that's to be expected from an NBA veteran. The Sixers have had a lot of success out of "horns" sets in part because of Redick's ability to muck things up for defenders trying to recover back toward the rim.
Good rule of thumb this year — if Simmons or Embiid are throwing down highlight dunks, there's a pretty high chance a JJ Redick screen was involved pic.twitter.com/YvlSoLrf3z— Kyle Neubeck (@KyleNeubeck) April 22, 2018
The future of both players depends heavily on what the Sixers do in free agency. There will only be so much money to use if they get a big free agent to join up this summer, and yes, they will need to invest their money wisely regardless of who it's going to.
But Belinelli and Redick are players who should be able to coexist on a team, primarily because you don't want Belinelli playing a starter-level role. His limitations are exposed in major minutes in ways Redick's are not, and an arrangement similar to what the Sixers have now would be ideal.
where's Hassan?— johnwintertweet (@johnwintertweet) April 20, 2018
If I had to guess, he's on a basketball court somewhere, falling asleep on yet another back-cut or lollygagging through a defensive possession.
How far do you see them going this post season? Semi's, finals?— Michael luby (@Lulufulu85) April 20, 2018
How many years til they are at the level of Houston and Golden state right now?
How many championships could they win if their core group sticks together.
Will Lebron join them next season?
I'm going to focus on the first of these questions. As I wrote before the playoffs even began, I think there is a completely reasonable path to the NBA Finals this season. I do not expect that to come to fruition, but the path and the talent are there.
From where we sit today, I think this is a Conference Finals team. It would take quite a collapse to lose this series against the Heat, and waiting for them on the other side would be either a depleted Celtics team or a Milwaukee Bucks squad whose asses they just kicked to close out the regular season. Even though the Bucks have by far the best player left between those two potential opponents, I'd still lean toward preferring to play them, because the Celtics are another tough defensive team with a great coach, and those are tough to beat in the playoffs.
Regardless, either matchup would see the Sixers as favorites assuming nothing unforeseen on the health front. What has been great about this matchup with Miami has been the learning process they've gone through — rather than facing a toothless finesse team, they were met by a physical Heat team that has made them work for everything they've earned. This series has matured the young players to a degree that sometimes takes multiple playoff trips. That will serve them will this season and beyond.
There are too many unknowns for me to start speculating about the future and when they can threaten the throne, and there are challenges awaiting them after a year like this. The Sixers are going to be in the tier of teams opponents don't take lightly anymore, more than they were this year. A full season of Embiid and Simmons dominating changes the respect level they receive from players and opponents and they won't just be able to sneak up on people as the fun, young upstarts.
With one more piece or two, however, this squad is going to compete for a long time assuming they stay healthy.
Follow Kyle on Twitter: @KyleNeubeck
Like us on Facebook: PhillyVoice SportsWhen asked to show off different emotions to “Russian Roulette,” Red Velvet didn’t disappoint with their impressive range.
Recently on the Yang and Nam Show, Red Velvet showed their versatile charm through a dance challenge. With maknae Yeri still resting, the remaining four members Joy, Wendy, Irene, and Seulgi switched up the emotion of the dance as the MC’s shouted out different adjectives and the results were hilarious.
Starting off the challenge with the sexy version of “Russian Roulette,” Red Velvet created an aura reminiscent of their “Automatic” concept. With the amount of upbeat songs they’ve been promoting recently, a change in tone really surprised viewers.
The girls then switched to a “drunk” version of the dance with Joy taking the lead with her impressive impersonation.
After a hysterical rendition, the girls transitioned into another theatrical version, mimicking the feeling after a break up.
The group then moved into an “indigestion” version, as suggested by host Eric. While the other three members struggled to hold a straight face, Seulgi was able to perfectly capture the feeling with her dancing.
In the end, the group excelled at the cute version. Fortunately, their point dance already fit with the concept, allowing them to finish the challenge with ease.
Watch the full clip below!Abstract
Computer Integrated Mining (CIMG) is a process of using computer networks to transform islands of enabling technologies into a highly interconnected mining system. CIMG involves the integration of advanced technologies at various levels in the mine business to achieve higher flexibility, better quality of processes and control, and improved profitability. Justifying the benefits of CIMG are difficult as many of the advantages are derived from improved flexibility, quality, and control. Justification is based on the evaluation of the benefits to be gained, compared to the required capital investment. Management tools used in mining are currently inadequate in assessing the value of advanced technology whose benefits are primarily qualitative. A key aspect of successful implementation is management acceptance, which has to be won through the capability to justify the technology's financial costs and the true value of all of its benefits. The manufacturing industry faced similar justification difficulties when adopting advanced technology in factories. A significant amount of funding and research was invested in developing management strategies and approaches to justification. Many of the problems that faced the transformation of the manufacturing industry in the late Eighties and early Nineties are now facing mining. The solutions derived for manufacturing may help mining in its transition to an increased reliance on integration technology. Reviewing the industrial history of computer integrated manufacturing identifies several tools and strategic frameworks that can be adapted for mining.
Keywords
- CIM
- Computer integrated mining
- Information technology
- Justification techniques
ASJC Scopus subject areas
- Geotechnical Engineering and Engineering Geology
- Metals and Alloys
- Materials ChemistryChapter 6 Discussion – Diversity in Marriage Relationships11 unread reply.11 reply.Please respond to the initial Instructor question(s) by Wednesday and review your classmates or my posts and reply to two (2) posts you feel you can contribute to by Sunday (The LAST Day of the Module.) (Support your responses with APA formatted in-text citations and APA formatted references when appropriate.)After reading Chapter 6:Is the institution of marriage important in modern society? Why? Provide examples to support your argument.Hello folks,
Please take a moment to check out a new(ish) podcast called the Incredible i Show, hosted by Peg Tuttle and Tony Turetsky. I was on the latest episode, so that one isn't any good (download it!), but I've enjoyed all of the shows up to this point.
Incredible i Show Podcast - COMMON
Let's get these podcast numbers up for my new friends!
Hi JamesIt was a great show, I would recommend people check it out.
You certainly come from an #IBMi family my father and my girlfriend also both worked on i but in their case they were both end users Cheers Steve
Much appreciated.
I've heard from a few people about #IBMispanning generations. Either we can't get rid of it, or it can't get rid of us. :)How will I work with your child?
- I will be presenting grade level appropriate guidance lessons to all classrooms on a monthly basis. Topics include conflict resolution, anger management, friendship skills, having empathy for others, listening skills, communication and self discovery.I also facilitate small groups throughout the year for students who can benefit from some extra support or reinforcement. Topics include: friendship skills, anger management, divorce, study skills, grief, and focusing in the classroom.In addition, I work with students individually based on need and parent/teacher recommendations. When we work together we might:
As your school counselor, I am here to support your child and enhance his/her learning experience in any way I can. Please let me know if I can ever assist you in any way. I look forward to working with you and your child.Jan Holsopple, School Counselorholsopplej@wws.k12.in.us(317) 867-7406
- Sit and talk
- Write and draw
- Read a book
- Talk with other Students who are present
- Play games that help us learn about ourselves and others
- Plan ways to solve problemsMerry Christmas!
A very Merry Christmas to you, dear readers of Menton Daily Photo. And a heartfelt thank you for your continued support and encouragement and comments.
And Marlow, who lives in Monte Carlo, says woof!
~~~~~
Un très Joyeux Noël à vous , chers lecteurs de Menton Daily Photo. Et un grand merci pour votre fidèle soutien, vos encouragements et vos commentaires.
Marlow, qui vit à Monte-Carlo, vous dit wouf !
What a sweet Christmas photo. Wishing you all of the peace and joy of the season.
Haha... Great pic!
Seems also the animals have respect when they see you with your camera!
Merry Christmas from Barbara in Germany
Merry Christmas to you and yours!
Very cute shot, the lighting is great, too!
Have a great Christmas!
Please let Marlow know that our Schnauzer Bella and our Boxer Simon said "woof woof" (Merry Christmas).
Love your photos (DUH?). Thank you for posting them with such smart and informative text.
KenB
belle carte de noel, je te souhaite un JOYEUX NOEL a toi et a toute ta famille
Our Maggi is so happy that other canines are burdened with their owner's annual holiday dog card as she is! Maggi and Lexie send their own messages: woof! woof!
May you have a delightful day, filled with friends and good cheer!
may the day and the year to come be filled with the most pleasing woofs. love from vermont.
A merry Christmas to you too Jilly!
Merry Christmas to you, Jilly!Thank you so much for sharing your talent and your beautiful home with us everyday. It looks like Marlow has it made. More proof that dogs are the species running the show.
Happy Christmas Jilly
Your lovely photos bring back so many happy memories, Love Freda & Ray
Merry Christmas, Jilly!
The same to you dear Jilly and please give Marlow a bone pour moi!
xxxxxx
VWhat is Democracy? (2018 - 107 mins.)
WATCH NOW for free on NFB.ca and NFB's YouTube channel
Coming at a moment of profound political and social crisis, What Is Democracy? reflects on a word we too often take for granted. Featuring a diverse cast—including celebrated theorists, trauma surgeons, activists, factory workers, asylum seekers, and former prime ministers—this urgent film connects the past and the present, the emotional and the intellectual, the personal and the political, in order to provoke and inspire.
Here is a follow up for the excellent documentary. It is an interview with the film maker Astra Taylor
US ELECTORAL COLLEGE - How it Works
The article below explains the importance of STATES' roles in the endorsement of the president. E.g. If Democrats control the state - then more Democrats travel to Washington to cast a vote. California will send 55 Democrats.( representation by population determines how many votes in each state.)
During the discussion I explained the role of the Electoral College in the US Constitution and the need to secure 270 votes to confirm the presidency.
After the American revolution, there were many British loyalist settlers living in the US. There was a concern that they would vote in elections to support a candidate loyal to Britain. (another reason for the creation of the Electoral College)
Submitted by Elena
Biden officially secures enough electors to become U.S. presidentHow to transfer Year End Profit or Loss to the Balance Sheet?
Resolution:At the start of a new year, you normally transfer the old year's net profit or loss to a balance sheet account. Before this is done, a trial balance printed for the new year shows the relevant amount. SunSystems automatically prints a line, 'Total Prior Year's Profit/Loss', immediately before the report totals.Once you have reconciled and confirmed this value the transfer is carried out as follows:Ensure you have a profit and loss account called, for example, Prior Year Profit/Loss. This account should not have an account code within the range normally included on any financial reports. This is required for system technical reasons.Create your balance sheet account called, for example, Retained Earnings, which forms part of the balance sheet.Print a Trial Balance for the first period in the new year, and note the amount called prior year's net profit/loss.If the trial balance shows a profit, use Ledger Entry to debit the profit and loss account and credit the balance sheet account with this amount. If you are posting a loss, reverse these signs. Post this journal to the last period of the old year. The profit and loss entry is ignored in the new year's trial balance, but the balance sheet entry is included. This method assumes that SunSystems financial statements, analysis and tables are used for reporting.An alternate method is to zeroise the profit and loss accounts by posting a journal to each of the P&L accounts using the trial balance as a journal voucher and using the Retained Earnings accont for the corresponding balance sheet account in the conventional way.Volunteering at Chester County OIC is such a rewarding opportunity! You have probably heard a lot recently about the call to volunteerism, and you probably know that volunteerism is an excellent way for individuals to help strengthen their communities. If you have a passion for helping others, OIC would like to invite you to serve as a volunteer with one of the premier literacy agencies in Chester County. There are many ways to serve and flexible times that best suit your lifestyle. For example, you may volunteer on a regular basis or “as needed” for special projects.
Currently, you could contribute to the work of OIC by volunteering in one of the following areas:
Help others by sharing your unique gifts and talents. You can also help yourself by gaining valuable experience and meeting new people. Whether you are a college student, a working adult or a seasoned retiree, Chester County OIC can always use your help! Fill out the form below to signOk.
The Kansai- or Osaka-style okonomiyaki is made with a thick batter that consists of flour, grated nagaimo (a type of yam, known as 山藥 in Chinese), water or dashi, eggs, and mixed with other ingredients such as shredded cabbage, green onion, thinly sliced pork belly, shrimp, squid, etc, before it is grilled. For the Hiroshima-style okonomiyaki, the ingredients are cooked in layers rather than all mixed together. A crepe-like layer is grilled as the base while the other ingredients are either layered on top to cook or cooked separately before they are layered over the base.
Here's sharing with you an easy and gluten free okonomiyaki which I followed from this youtube tutorial created by Ochikeron. Grated nagaimo is not required in this recipe which makes this a simple everyday dish since nagaimo is not a common ingredient in my kitchen.
Another great thing about this recipe is that the vegetables and meat is stir fried before mixing into the batter...it's easier for me (who is not a good cook) to ensure the ingredients are evenly cooked.
My homecooked okonomiyaki turned out to be very delicious and well received. I love the taste and flavour of the homemade okonomiyaki sauce (a simple mixture of Worcestershire sauce, tomato ketchup and honey) combined with the Japanese mayonnaise.
After getting the hang of making the gluten free okonomiyaki a few times, I experimented with replacing part of the eggs with flour and water. The outcome was great too! The flour and water batter makes the texture more pancake-like while the gluten free version is more omelette-like.
Okonomiyaki is typically topped with bonito flakes and aonori (green seaweed flakes). Although you can either skip the aonori or replace it with finely chopped spring onions, I personally feel that it is best not to omit the bonito flakes. I bought the bonito flakes from local supermarket (Fairprice) and the aonori is available from Daiso.
I serve okonomiyaki as a side dish for dinner and it is excellent as a one-dish meal for lunch.
PS: Pardon the poor quality image of the above photos, they were taken with my mobile phone.
Easy Okonomiyaki
Ingredients:
(makes 2)
for the okonomiyaki:
2~3 slices of bacon (or ham)
300g cabbage
2 stalks spring onion
100g plain flour
160ml water
2 large eggs, lightly beaten
1/4 teaspoon salt
some pepper
cooking oil
for the sauce:
2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
2 tablespoons tomato ketchup
1 teaspoon honey (or sugar)
for the topping:
Japanese mayonnaise
katsuobushi (bonito flakes)
aonori (green seaweed flakes)
Preparation:
- Mix together the ingredients for the sauce and set aside.
- Thinly slice the cabbage. Cut the bacon into thin strips, and slice the spring onion thinly diagonally.
- Pan fry the bacon till lightly browned. Add cabbage and spring onion. Stir fry till cabbage is softened. Dish up and set aside to cool.
- Mix eggs, flour and water in a mixing bowl till it forms a smooth batter. Season with salt and pepper and mix well. Add the cooked vegetable mixture and mix well.
- Heat cooking oil in a large non-stick frying pan. Spoon half of the batter into the pan and spread it to form a circular shape.
- Cover with a lid and cook on low for 3 minutes or till golden brown. Flip* it over, cover, and cook the other side for 3 minutes or till golden brown. (*Note: to make it easier to flip the pancake, I slide it from the frying pan onto a large plate, then tilt and turn the plate to flip the pancake back into the frying pan.)
- Slide the pancake onto a serving plate. Repeat with the other half of the batter.
- Spread half of the sauce onto each panacke. Drizzle top with mayonnaise, then sprinkle with bonito flakes and aonori.
2 comments:
Wow..very delicious.
very nice finishing.
Thanks foe sharing.
mhhhh i love it. very delicious pic <3Religion
Greece
Greek Church Requests Coronavirus Exception to Conduct Liturgies Behind Closed Doors
The leadership of the Orthodox Christian Church of Greece requested an exemption from the coronavirus curfew measures in a letter sent to the Education & Religion Ministry officials on Thursday. Their request was submitted so that they could carry on...
Greece
PM Mitsotakis Declares ''We Are at War, Stay Safe, Stay at Home''
In a new wartime-like televised address to the nation, Greece's Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis informed the public about the latest emergency measures taken by the government to cope with the unprecedented lockdown the country is in due to the...
Greece
Holy Communion in the Τimes of Coronavirus
Greece
Diocese of Thessaloniki Ordains the City's First African Deacon
Father...
Diplomacy
Greece Joins US-Led International Religious Freedom Alliance
Greece is among 27 nations which will participate in the nascent, US-led International Religious Freedom Alliance (IRF), which will adopt a collective approach in protecting and preserving religious freedom across the world. According to US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo,......
Greece
Epiphany: One of Christianity's Most Important Feasts
Traditionally, the great feast of the Epiphany marks the end of the extended period of Christmas holidays in Greece. Each year on January 6, hundreds of thousands of Greeks and visitors participate in the rich traditions that are observed in...
Greece
UNESCO Recognizes Byzantine Chant as Part of Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity
An important distinction for Greece and Cyprus was announced by UNESCO on Wednesday, when the two countries' proposal to the Organization to include the Byzantine Chant on its List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity was approved. In its...
Greece
Corfu Island Honors Its Patron Saint Spyridon With Splendid Ceremonies
The Greek island of Corfu (Kerkyra) honors the memory of its Patron Saint Spyridon on December 12 each year. Thousands of faithful Christians have already arrived on the Ionian Sea island from all over the world to worship the saint. People...
Australia
Greek Orthodox Archdiocese to Build New Monastery in Flowerdale, Victoria
The Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Australia announced on Tuesday that it will build a new monastery for men on the newly-renamed ''Mount Mela'' in Flowerdale, Victoria. The move was agreed upon during a meeting on Tuesday, December 10, between His Excellency...By Gordon Nary
Gordon: As we introduce our readers to you and your ministry, they should know that you are lay person and that Brothers and Sisters of Love is your organization, and that you have a strong background in the challenges of and insights into gang violence in Chicago.
Although you have been profiled in several Catholic publications, I suggest that our readers check out Tom Homes’ great article on you on oakpark.com. Megan E. Doherty's extraordinary photo documentary and commentary on your work, and the Chicago Tribune article by Rex Huppke, "Four Who Watch Over the City.
Could you share with our readers some of the studies that have been so instrumental in your ministry?
Brother Jim: L I have a Masters in Divinity from Catholic Theological Union and I spent five summers as the Institute for Black Catholic Studies at Xavier University in New Orleans. So I am as educated as an average priest.
The History of Black Catholics in the United States by Cyprian Davis. The course and the book made me feel ashamed. However, many of my Black Classmates loved it. They already knew the bad parts, but it showed that Blacks have fought hard to stay in the Church.
For five summers I studied with Black Catholic priests, nuns, and theologians about the role of the Catholic Church in the Black community.
Theology- I have found liberation Theology most helpful when it is based on experience as opposed being dependent upon philosophy or theory. I was in the seminary for three years with the Society of St. Columban. So we were trained to know some of the directions that other countries and the Church's mission there.
From 1987 to 1990, I spent three years: studying theology; working as a hospital chaplain in a poor Catholic, predominately Black hospital on the South-side; and working with street gangs with Br. Bill and a couple of priests. It was wonderful how each fed my understanding of the other two things. The Second Vatican Council suggested that priests should be trained in more urban environments and close to the poor. That is how I got my formation.
Two things have been really impactful.
The first comes from Paul Knitter from "No Other Name." Knitter describes three forms of theology: Ecclesiocentric (spelling), Christocentric, and Theocentric. In other words, Church centered, Christ centered, or God centered.
Church centered is where we look to the church or to church leaders for our salvation. There is a certain security in this that we look to others in how we are to live and be Christian. Good leaders and church laws can be very helpful. Yet Jesus was not afraid to break "church" rules for the greater good. It also makes us susceptible to cults and abuse by leaders.
Still I have found the Church essential to my faith especially the Eucharist which feeds me in my search for the "Kingdom of God."
Christ centered focuses entirely on Jesus Christ. When Paul says that salvation is found only in faith in Jesus. This becomes the entire focus.
As Christians or followers of Christ this can be tempting. However, the gospels show that Jesus was theocentric or God (father) centered. That God worked all through the Old Testament. And that Jesus was tied to the Jewish Tradition. Even the Great Commandment was from the Old Testament not something new from Jesus.
Catholic theology is God centered and more specifically Trinitarian:
Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. So Christ is not denied, but God is more and in discussing God with other religions we have perspectives in finding common ground. Also, Catholic teachings from Vatican II says that God is found in all peoples and all cultures. I have found this to be true with gang members and the unchurched. Grace and God's spirit has been found in the midst of awful tragedies.
The second thing I have discovered in studying theology is Jesus' focus on the "Kingdom or Reign of God". Jon Sobrino in "Christianity Rediscovered"said that when we work with the poor the "Kingdom of God" breaks into our lives. This breaking in gives us glimpses of the "Kingdom" that Jesus talked about. I have found Sobrino to be correct.
I have come to see that working with the poor and love go hand on hand.
The first Letter of John says that God is Love and where there is Love there is God (chapter 4). This leads to the Spirituality of Brothers and Sisters of Love: Love, Trust in God, Forgive everyone everything, and Never Be Afraid. It is finding God in the everyday based on love.
Gordon: Many of our Chicago readers are reminded daily on the perceived increase in gang violence in Chicago, and have seen Mayor Emmanuel’s plan to address the murders and violence in Chicago. If you had the opportunity to make recommendations to his plan, what specific programs would you recommend that could help reduce gang violence?
Brother Jim: Support for programs that help with reading and homework, preschool education, Job Training that actually provides training (stay away from classrooms and talking at people), Jobs that actually do or create something (Do not create jobs where young people sit around for a paycheck and do nothing), athletic programs other than basketball (soccer, volley ball, tennis, flag football, swimming, gymnastics, aerobics, etc.).
There are other solutions, but the biggest problem is poverty.
Gordon: Please provide or readers with your evaluation of the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention's Comprehensive Anti-Gang Initiative>
Brother Jim: I read the report hat you gave me and it did not tell me much. I would think that going back decades that there would be information about gangs instead of talking around the issue. Gangs and Delinquency are natural outcomes of social situations. The question, why do young men join gangs? Having spent years in poor and gang neighborhoods, my question would be, why would they not join gangs?
Years ago a college professor came across a book on gang research. Since she could get it for free, she asked me if I would like it. The only article in the whole book that gave me any insight was an interview with the rapper/actor Ice T. He was the only one who described how gangs and their neighbors lived. Ice T talked about different levels of involvement of gang members. Like for instance, (my experience) a former gang member changes his life, but a friend is killed. The former gang member wears gang clothes, cocks his hat, and gives gang signs to others at the funeral. He may never again sell or use drugs and may never again use a gun, but he will show respect for his comrades.
Gordon: What is the impact of racism on gang violence?
Brother Jim: Racism is a factor, but it is combined with poverty. Gangs prey upon the unaffiliated and the vulnerable. Racism has caused poverty in our country and around the world. Gangs and organized crime have always flourished among poor immigrant communities. But immigrant communities create infrastructures that help pull themselves out of poverty and away from the power of gangs. The history of the Black community is that much of the Black infrastructure was destroyed by racism and the infrastructure is now not being built.
Gordon: There appears to some that our society has been losing respect for the dignity and value of human life. If you concur, what are the factors that have been contributing to this challenge and what can we do to help address this challenge?
Brother Jim: Martin Luther King said somewhere that White America had committed more atrocities than any other country in the world. He was referring to Viet Nam, the KKK, the treatment of Native Americans, the Atomic Bomb, the enslavement of Black people, Lynchings, Gang Wars during prohibition, Witch burnings, and the list could go on. In the 1968 presidential election Robert Kennedy showed that we had children dying of malnutrition in the Mississippi Delta and on Indian Reservations.
Violence has always been a part of the American Experience. We have almost always neglected and exploited our poor.
Gordon: Do you have any suggestions on what parishes in areas not affected by gang violence can do to help reduce this violence?
Brother Jim: 30 years ago I knew a Catholic Parish Youth Minister who took the parish youth group to help out at a soup kitchen. The youth loved it, but the parents put an end to it because the neighborhood was too dangerous. Parents are horrified by the attraction of youth to Hip Hop culture. Hip Hop culture rejects many Christian values. So while we may want to love areas affect by gang violence, we also want our distance.
Most gang members and the poor in gang neighborhoods are unchurched. The values of the Church that lift people up are rejected. So while ministers like to speak for the poor, they are separated like most Catholic parishes. Now most of my experience is with African-Americans. The Catholic has always kept its distance with the African-American poor.
Pope Francis says that the Church has to leave its four walls and take the Good News to the poor. Easier said than done. Parishes would like to be a "Light in the World." So we will have to address poverty and to break down the walls that separate us.
Gordon: Loving our neighbor is one of our primary commandments, How can we better demonstrate our youth in neighborhoods so deeply affected by poverty that there are people who love them and who are willing to help them?
Brother Jim: Loving our neighbor is our primary commandment. Gangs do not believe that outsiders love them. And what is help? The poor and gang members look for help as money. They often size people up on what they can get from them. Good hearted people often get hurt and disillusioned when they try to help the poor. That is why it is so hard and poverty in our country never leaves us. Yet when we Love, God’s grace enters into our lives in profound and interesting ways. Those who are not poor are afraid of the poor, but loving them casts out our fear and as we come to know the poor. opportunities present themselves. So we can only demonstrate our love, by loving them.
Gordon: What insights into Christ’s love has you work in helping the disadvantaged taught you?
Brother Jim: I find over and over that I walk into tragedies and that God’s grace is there. In the Gospels, Jesus did things for people, but did not do everything for them. After Jesus fed the 5000, he criticized them for only coming to be fed. He wants us to discover the "Kingdom of God" breaking into our midst. This happens when we are pulled out of ourselves in the service of others. Now often when we serve others we get treated as servants. This can be disheartening, but if we develop appropriate boundaries and love- the grace pours in.
Fr. Daniel Berrigan, SJ said that the problem with the peace movement was that it lacked a spiritual basis. It fell apart when the individual crisis was over. I have found that in working with the poor and with gangs spirituality is needed. Brothers and Sisters of Love’s Spirituality- Love Everyone (as best I can), Trusting in God, Forgiving Everyone, and not being afraid in dangerous situations is powerful. I also find that I have to be nourished by the Church to keep going for the long haul.
Gordon: Thank you for your leadership in addressing gang violence, commitment to the poor. and to and helping us better understand some of the challenges which you are addressing every day. I hope that our readers will consider supporting your work and learning from your leadership.
4 thoughts on “Soft Touch Lamination: The Basics”
HI:
I’m looking for a 9 x 12 finished size, 2 pocket folder, with Soft Touch Lam both inside and out.
Front cover features Spot UV as well. The kicker is that it needs to be 20# cover or higher ..perhaps a 24#. Also prints 4/4 full bleed.
Is that within your capabilities?
Hi Ken,
That pocket folder is within our capabilities! What email address would you like the quote to be sent to??Samsung’s flagship selection of phones has been getting muddled for some time. It was confusing enough when the Galaxy S and Galaxy Note series were duking it out for prominence, but now the Galaxy Z folding range is the truly premium product — with a price tag to match.
With that in mind, we’ve heard rumors that Samsung eventually intends to kill off the Galaxy Note range. But according to a new report from Korea’s Herald Corp, the axing will be a more gradual winding down than some might have expected – something the text describes as a “sequential exit”.
- The best Android phones to buy now
- Just in: OnePlus 8T tease just revealed killer camera upgrade
The report states that the Galaxy Note 21 will indeed see a release next year, but that the line between it and the S21 will be blurred. It explains that the Galaxy S21 will inherit S Pen support — a rumor we’ve heard before — but that the clever stylus won’t actually be bundled with the handset.
Here’s the translation of the relevant part: “It's the first time that a Galnote S Pen has been recognized in the Galaxy S model. The S-pen is considered to be the identity of Galnote, providing a writing feeling similar to writing on paper with a real pen. However, the Galaxy S21 does not have an S-Pen.”
We’re hoping that something has been lost in translation here, because that would be baffling if true. While other handsets have had optional styli to be bought separately (Huawei’s M-Pen for the Mate 20, for example), the feature falls flat if there’s nowhere to dock it when not in use. Perhaps the S21 will have a magnetic back to clip an optional S Pen too, like the Galaxy Tab S7? The alternative would be a massive gap for where someone might one day buy a stylus, which doesn’t sound very Samsung.
Otherwise, we’re very much on board with the S21 getting S Pen support. The most recent iteration of the stylus, combined with the Note 20 Ultra’s 120Hz screen, provided an experience that felt almost like writing on paper, and featured Bluetooth, allowing it to work as an optional remote control.
So far, leaks of the Galaxy S21 have been a mixed bag. Early benchmarks point to relatively weak performance from the Exynos 1000 chipset, though it’s hopeful that the US will get a Snapdragon-powered handset instead. Meanwhile, the battery appears to be standing still as compared to previous years', but there’s talk of 65W charging being introduced to slash downtime.
One thing that’s objectively positive, though, is the camera: not only will it reportedly pack a 108-megapixel main sensor, but it might also come with two telephoto lenses which could be truly revolutionary.
We’re still a long way off from finding out how many of these rumors turn out to be confirmed. Samsung typically unveils a new Galaxy S handset in February, and that date could well be pushed back further if coronavirus continues to impact supply chains around the world in 2021.Program Coordinator, CityStudio Vancouver.
CityStudio Vancouver is seeking a highly collaborative, service-oriented and adaptable relationship builder to join the team as Program Coordinator.
CityStudio Vancouver is an innovation hub that brings together City staff with post-secondary students and faculty to co-create a more sustainable, liveable, joyful, and equitable Vancouver. The Program Coordinator is who can enact this vision. A natural and attentive facilitator, you will be responsible for matching and coordinating 30-35 course collaborations per year between the City of Vancouver and our partner schools, including SFU, UBC, BCIT and Langara College. You will work closely with the other Program Coordinator to develop, guide, execute, evaluate, and improve our entire suite of co-creative collaborations ranging from short-term engagements to semester-long and multi-year research projects. You will also share responsibility for event management, impact evaluation, and communications.
You will bring to the team:
POSITION: Full-time, 1-year position, with standard 3 month probationary period and a possibility of extension.
REPORTS TO: CityStudio Vancouver Program Director
LOCATION: At CityStudio Vancouver, 1800 Spyglass Place; Vancouver, BC CANADA, with some work-from-home flexibility.
HOURS: 37.5 hours/week, Monday to Friday
COMPENSATION: $48,000 – $58,000 per annum based on experience, plus benefits after the probationary period.
START DATE: As soon as possible.
APPLICATION DETAILS: Submit your CV and cover letter with salary expectations to: hr[at]citystudiovancouver[dot]com.
Please also include a pdf with publicly available samples or documentation about a project, program or initiative you coordinated; we are not requesting new or confidential materials to submit with your application.
Include your full name along with the job title “Program Coordinator” in the subject heading of your email.
APPLICATION DEADLINE: Sunday, July 25, 2021.
We will hold initial (remote) interviews for selected candidates on July 29, 2021.
Short-listed applicants will be contacted for in-depth (in-person) interviews the week of August 9-13.
CityStudio Vancouver is committed to building a skilled, diverse workforce which strengthens our ability to achieve our mission through inclusion. We strongly encourage applicants of all genders, ethnic and cultural backgrounds, sexual orientations, abilities, and with a range of life experiences to apply. Do not hesitate to let us know if you require accommodations. 8,098 students, 437 faculty and 381 City of Vancouver staff, contributing 1,619 projects and over 200,000 hours of skills training and public sector innovation towards the City of Vancouver’s strategic priorities.
For more information, please visit- Lessons
- Books
- Resources
- Awards
- Events
- About
Jane Thompson is Associate Director of Faculty Services and Research and Senior Instructor for the William A. Wise Law Library at the University of Colorado Law School, where she has worked for over 30.Davido has received over US$ 300 000 many took to be a joke, Davido called on those he had helped in the music industry to each send him money.).”
The singer created a new bank account, posted his account number on his stories thread, and posted screenshots of money sent into it to show his seriousness.
The singer has received money from other celebrities, including BB Naija’s Nengi, Perruzi, Teni, Adekunle Gold, Mr Eazi, Zlatan, Cubana Chief Priest and Chike, to mention a few.
He has also received money from Oyo State House of Representatives member Akin Alabi, businessman and socialite, Emeka Okonkwo aka E-money and Obinna Iyiegbu aka Obi Cubana.
The singer has been updating his Instagram stories regularly with screenshots of transactions and individually thanking everyone who sent him moneyFeel free to contact us or visit our headquarter. The Zoso Music team is always looking for feedbacks and comments from you to improve our service quality.
1st Floor, No.68 (Lot 3178),
Block 10, Jalan Laksamana Cheng Ho
93200, Kuching, Sarawak
Monday to Saturday: 9:00AM - 6:00PM
Sunday: Closed
sales@zosomusic.com.my
Don Felipe sent this message during the delivery of the Princess of Asturias Awards held at the Campoamor Theater in Oviedo and before whose audience he was congratulated that the health crisis has verified that Spanish society is “strong, responsible, mature, supportive and with great capacity for improvement ».
“The pandemic served to reaffirm the conviction about the benefit of working together and to understand that, only by working together for the common good of all, it is possible to face the most difficult situations and emerge victorious from it,” he remarked in a speech focused on consolidating recovery and in which he has had a solidarity memory for the inhabitants of La Palma due to the eruption of the volcano.
The changes arising from the pandemic, according to the king, have caused “imbalances and tensions” and have led to a scenario in which “it is not possible to isolate oneself, or walk alone.”
“Giving up is not an option, health workers told us in the worst moments of the pandemic. Fainting or conforming is not an alternative. It is necessary to move forward “, encouraged the monarch, who highlighted the response of the Spanish since March of last year,” the sense of citizenship, service to the community and loyalty to the country, basic pillars of a society capable of overcoming itself. ” However, he pointed out that it is not enough in these moments in which it is necessary to approach the future from serenity and calm.
“On this path we cannot forget our roots, our references, everything we have already traveled as a society, and the foundations of our coexistence in peace and freedom,” said the king, who also warned of the fragility of democratic values that “are not given.”
For her part, Princess Leonor vindicated the role of young people, who “have a lot to contribute” and must be “important” to achieve a world “more sustainable, fairer and better for all.” Leonor de Borbón starred in her third speech at the ceremony and stressed that the winners are “an essential guide for everyone” by highlighting that “culture, science, solidarity are essential for life together.” In particular, for the new generations: “As a high school student, I think of all the young people who can do it and how much we can learn from you.”
“You project on us, the youngest, the certainty that we also have a lot to contribute, that we can be important and show ourselves responsible in trying to think about a more sustainable, fairer, better future for all,” he concluded.
According to the heir to the throne, the trajectories of the winners motivate her “even more” in her task of training. “Studying and observing your work fills me with enthusiasm and strength to continue assuming my responsibilities and always work with the greatest commitment.”
In addition to the kings and her sister, the Infanta Sofía, Queen Sofía followed the act from a box and from the stalls, her other grandmother, Paloma Rocasolano.
Intervention of the winners
The journalist and writer Gloria Steinem, 2021 Princess of Asturias Award for Communication and Humanities, affirmed that laughter is a proof of freedom in the face of the authoritarianism of figures such as Hitler or Stalin since it is “a free emotion, the only one that cannot be imposed ».
“You cannot force anyone to laugh, to laugh really and sincerely. By giving value to freedoms such as spontaneous laughter, we preserve freedom forever, “underlined the 87-year-old icon of American feminism.
A road in a wheelchair
The winner of the Sports award, Teresa Perales, holder of 27 Paralympic medals, focused her speech on the figure of her mother, Sebi, to whom she referred on a dozen occasions to thank her for that “I am here to help you”, and invited people to not let obstacles prevent them from fighting for their dreams.
“Who was going to tell me in 1995 when I heard the words ‘you are not going to walk again’ that the path that I was going to travel with my chair was going to take me here!” , before collecting the award.
“Our future depends on the world eating better,” said chef José Andrés, 2021 Princess of Asturias Award for Concord for his work at the helm of World Central Kitchen (WCK), who warned that “there is still too much hunger” and “a lot of work to do.”
The Spanish chef highlighted the urgency of feeding the planet “with hope” and of “building longer tables.” “The world has a better path ahead of us if we come to understand and make the power of food our own.”
“The possibilities of the technologies are endless” and allow ways to be investigated to prevent HIV and malaria, to reduce cancer or to treat many other diseases, according to Hungarian biochemist Katalin Karikó, awarded with Drew Weissman, Philip Felgner , Ugur Sahin, Özlem Türeci, Derrick Rossi and Sarah Gilbert with the Princess of Asturias of Scientific and Technical Research for the development of the first vaccines against covid.
Katalin Karikó said that the “incredible risks” that health personnel took in the toughest moments of the pandemic were her inspiration to “work harder and act to develop vaccines that save lives.”
Eddie is an Australian news reporter with over 9 years in the industry and has published on Forbes and tech crunch.Pap Smear
- What is a Pap Smear and Why is it Performed?
- Who Should Receive a Pap Smear?
- What are the Latest Statistics on Pap Smears and Cervical Cancer?
- What is the Human Papillomavirus (HPV)?
- How Should a Woman Prepare for a Pap Smear?
- How is a Pap Smear Performed?
- Are There Any Risks to a Pap Smear?
- How are Cervical Cells Evaluated?
- How are the Results of a Pap Smear Described?
- What are the Latest Advances with Pap Smear?
- What Can Affect the Results of a Pap Smear?
- What Additional Tests May Be Ordered if the Results of a Pap Smear are Abnormal?
- Additional Resources and References
Cervical cancer screening began in the United States in the late 1940s after Dr. George Papaniclaou developed the Pap smear. A Pap smear (also called a Pap test) is a screening test used to examine cells from the cervix and the vagina. (The cervix is the portion of the uterus that protrudes into the vagina). Cervical and vaginal cells are studied to determine whether there is evidence of cancer or pre-cancerous changes. If abnormal cells are found, they are classified according to their degree of abnormality. Most abnormal Pap smears are caused by cervical infections or inflammation which can usually be successfully treated before leading to cancer.
Abnormal Pap smear findings may indicate:
- Infection (including the human papillomavirus, HPV)
- Swelling or inflammation
- Pre-cancerous cell changes
- Cervical cancer
Pap smear is perceived by the medical community as a reliable screening tool to help detect cervical cancer, along with regular pelvic exams. However, Pap smears cannot typically detect other types of cancers, such as ovarian or uterine cancers, or sexually-transmitted diseases (STD), with the exception of the human papillomavirus (HPV).
The American Cancer Society recommends that all women begin receiving yearly Pap smears and pelvic examinations at age 18 or when they become sexually active, whichever occurs earlier. Some physicians will not perform a Pap smear each year if a woman has had three negative Pap smears in the course of three years. However, a yearly pelvic exam should be continued even if Pap smears are not given each year.
Regular or more frequent Pap smears may be performed on women who have had hysterectomies (surgery to remove the uterus, including the cervix), especially if the hysterectomy was performed because pre-cancerous and cancerous cells were found in the cervix. In women who have had hysterectomies, the tissues of the vagina are analyzed for changes that may indicate cancer.
In addition, women who have a weakened immune system (from AIDS, chemotherapy or drug treatments, or organ transplants) are considered at higher risk for cervical cancer and may require Pap smears more frequently than once a year.
Approximately 50 million Pap smears are performed each year in the United States. The death rate from cervical cancer has declined dramatically since 1955 (74% from 1955 to 1992) largely from the increased use of the Pap smear. When detected early, the five-year survival rate for cervical cancer is approximately 91%. If cervical cancer is detected before it has invaded any surrounding tissues, the five-year survival rate is nearly 100%.
Even with the increased use of the Pap smear, between 60% and 80% of American women who are newly diagnosed with cervical cancer have not had a Pap smear within the last five years, if ever. According to recent studies, elderly, African-American, and low-income women are the least likely to have annual Pap smears.
The American Cancer Society estimates that in 2001, 12,900 new cases of invasive cervical cancer will be diagnosed and approximately 4,400 women will die from the disease. Researchers estimate that non-invasive cervical cancer is nearly four times as likely as invasive cervical cancer.
The human papillomavirus (HPV) is a common sexually transmitted disease that affects both men and women. There are over 80 different strains of HPV, and the most do not pose any health risks. However, some of the strains of HPV cause genital warts in men and women and can cause cellular changes that may lead to cervical cancer in women. A major risk factor for cervical cancer is the HPV. It is estimated that one million new cases of HPV occur each year, and 20% to 40% of sexually active women have HPV.
It is essential that all women over age 18 have annual Pap smears since the test accurately detects approximately 90% of all cervical cancers. HPV is most commonly discovered by abnormal Pap smears results and is most likely to spread when genital warts are visible. HPV does not typically interfere with pregnancy or childbirth.
Research has shown that condoms do not always prevent the spread of HPV because the virus can be transmitted by skin contact of any HPV-infected area (such as the genitals). Limiting the number of sexual partners and not having sexual intercourse with a person who has had several sexual partners can help prevent HPV. There is currently no cure for HPV.
According to the American Cancer Society, removing genital warts and abnormal cell growths caused by HPV can help reduce the risk of cervical cancer from HPV. Treatments to remove genital warts include: laser surgery, convention surgery, cold cautery (freezing the tissue), hot cautery (burning the warts off with an electric instrument), or directly applying podophyllin or trichloroacetic acid. In addition, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has recently approved a drug called imiquimod cream to treat genital and perianal warts.
Women should not schedule a Pap smear while they are menstruating because the presence of blood cells may interfere with the test results. However, if a woman is experiencing abnormal vaginal bleeding, a Pap smear may help determine the cause. Many physicians recommend not using douches, tampons, or vaginal medications for at least 24 to 48 hours prior to having a Pap smear. According to the American Cancer Society, the ideal time for a woman to have a Pap smear is five days after her menstrual period has ended.Last month, we covered what Carpal Tunnel Syndrome (CTS) is, its symptoms, causes, who is at risk, and how it’s diagnosed. This month, we’ll center our focus on CTS treatment.
How is CTS treated? For the best success, treatment should begin as early as possible. Unfortunately, most people wait a long time before they get to the point where the symptoms interfere with daily activity enough to prompt them to make an appointment. Once the cause or causes of CTS are determined, treatment can address ALL the presenting contributing conditions. The FIRST course of care should be NON-SURGICAL, though this is not always practiced – so be aware! Non-surgical care includes the following:
1. Chiropractic:
- Manipulation: This usually includes adjusting the small bones of the hand, the wrist, the forearm, elbow, shoulder, and/or the neck.
- Soft-tissue therapy: This includes loosening up the overly tight forearm muscles the median nerve runs through (on the palm side of the forearm).
- Modalities: Such as electrical stimulation and/or laser/light therapy can be very beneficial in reducing swelling or inflammation. In chronic CTS, ultrasound may be helpful as well.
- Nutritional: Nutrients such as vitamin B6 have been shown in studies to be effective in some cases. Also, anti-inflammatory herbs (ginger, turmeric, bioflavinoids) and / or digestive enzymes (bromelain, papain, and others) taken between meals are quite effective.
2. Anti-Inflammatory: The first important distinction is that ice can be very effective depending on how long the CTS has been present. In particular, ice cupping or rubbing ice directly on the skin over the carpal tunnel is the most effective way to use ice as an anti-inflammatory agent. When doing so, you will experience four stages of cooling: Cold, Burning, Achy, Numb or “C-BAN.” It’s important to remember this as you are REALLY going to want to quit in the burning/achy stages when it feels uncomfortable. Once the skin over the wrist / carpal tunnel gets numb (which takes about four to five minutes) QUIT as the next “stage” of cooling is FROST BITE! Most medical practitioners promote the use of NSAIDs (non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs) like naproxen, aspirin, or ibuprofen. However, these carry negative side effects including gastritis (burning in the stomach that can lead to ulcers), or liver and/or kidney damage. Try the nutritional anti-inflammatory approaches FIRST as they are extremely helpful without the negative side effect potential!
3. Diet: An ant-inflammatory diet, like the Paleo-diet or gluten free diet, serves as a great tool in reducing the inflammatory markers in the body. Though only 7-10% of the population has celiac disease (gluten intolerance), it’s been estimated that over 80% of us are gluten “sensitive.” Reducing systemic inflammation can make a BIG DIFFERENCE in the management of many conditions including CTS!
4. Mechanical: Wrist “cock-up” splints can also be REALLY HELPFUL, especially for nighttime use. The reason for this is because when our wrist is bent forwards or backwards, which frequently occurs when sleeping, the pressure inside the carpal tunnel increases, and over time (minutes to hours), the increased pressure in the tunnel exerts compression on the median nerve which then creates numbness into the thumb, index, third and half of the fourth finger, which can wake you up out of a sound sleep. Keeping the wrist straight at night prevents you from curling your wrist under your jaw while sleeping.
5. Ergonomic Modifications: Changing your workstation (computer station, line position, machine controls, pace or rate of repetitive movements, and more) is VERY effective.
NOTE: ALL of the above can be managed through the services offered by your doctor of chiropractic!Amsterdam Schiphol Airport Reviews
Amsterdam Schiphol Airport Reviews
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol (Dutch: Luchthaven Schiphol, Dutch pronunciation: [ˈlʏxtˌɦaːvə(n) ˈsxɪpɦɔl]) (IATA: AMS, ICAO: EHAM) is the main international airport of the Netherlands, located 20 minutes (4.9 NM (9.1 km; 5.6 mi) southwest of Amsterdam, in the municipality of Haarlemmermeer. It is the fourth busiest airport in Europe in terms of passengers.
Amsterdam Schiphol Airport is the primary hub for KLM and KLM Cityhopper as well as for Arkefly, Corendon Dutch Airlines, Martinair and Transavia.com. The airport also serves as a European hub for Delta Air Lines and as a base for Vueling. Schiphol is considered to be an airport city. The airport’s official English name, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol, reflects the original Dutch word order (Luchthaven Schiphol).
Amsterdam Schiphol Airport uses a one terminal concept, where all facilities are located under a single roof, radiating from the central ‘plaza’. The terminal, though, is divided into three sections or halls designated 1, 2 and 3. To all of these halls, piers or concourses are connected. However, it is possible, on both sides of security or border inspection, to walk from between piers, even those connected to different halls. The exception to this is the low-cost pier M: once airside (past security), passengers cannot access any other areas. Border control separates Schengen from non-Schengen areas. Schiphol Airport has approximately 165 boarding gates.
Schiphol has large shopping areas as a source of revenue and as an additional attraction for passengers. Schiphol Plaza is the shopping centre before customs, hence it is used by air travelers and non-traveling visitors.
Services:
Business Services – Airport Business Point is a waiting lounge at Schiphol Plaza where you wait for business associates or drivers. Location: Arrivals Hall 2. Hours: 9am – 6pm. Conference Rooms – Exchange Avenue offers business travelers: 6:30am- 7:30 travelers. At the moment, we are not sure where you can find them or how you can get your hands on one, but they do exist. Center. Rate: EUR 20. Hours: 24 hours / 7 days a week. * The sauna and steam room are not available between 23:00pm-06:00am.
Food / Restaurants – Center opening hours:
Open 24 hours
Website:
Amsterdam Schiphol Airport Official Website
Amsterdam Schiphol Airport Map
Amsterdam Schiphol Airport Weather Forecast
[yr url=”” links=”0″ table=”1″ ]The fall social season is nearly here. Soon the calendar will fill with big, black-tie galas that raise lots of money for worthy causes.
This tiny fundraiser is not fancy. The attire is apron-and-oven-mitts.
Katherine Ramsey’s son’s birthday is coming up, the party he wants is not in the budget and she can’t work, so she turned to her kitchen.
“I cannot hold a job due to epilepsy and recent nerve damage from surgery,” she posted on a private neighborhood Facebook page recently. “What I can do physically and legally is bake. So for the next month I’ll be having a huge bake sale so my boy can have his party.”
Jo Ann Lanier Hammel was among Ramsey’s first customers. The two met up on the Marietta Square so Hammel could collect her order of scrumptious oatmeal, chocolate chip, and sugar cookies.
“I can buy them from the grocery store or I can buy them from you,” said Hammel, noting she’d rather help a neighbor in need.
Ramsey has worked retail and restaurant jobs in the past, but her physical limitations make it impossible to hold anything down for long. She cannot drive and must rest periodically during the day. The family gets by on her husband’s income, but medical bills mean there isn’t a lot of wiggle room.
Her son, Noah, hasn’t been into parties in the past but said he’d like one to celebrate turning 10, so Ramsey decided to find a way.
“At 41, I finally said, ‘I can’t take this anymore. I want to be able to do some things,’” Ramsey said during an interview. “This is one thing I can do. For so long, I’ve been a prisoner within myself because of what I have to experience. I’m in pain but I can’t let it interfere.”
She consulted Georgia’s Cottage Food Program, administered by the Georgia Department of Agriculture, to ensure she offered only sanctioned products such as breads, pastries and cookies. Noah, a fourth-grader at Burruss Elementary School, is thrilled at the prospect of being able to spend his big day with friends.
“I might want to go to Chuck E. Cheese,” he said. “We get to eat pizza and get toys. Maybe my friends from school and my cousins could come.”
He likes sugar cookies the best and enjoys helping his mom in the kitchen.
“I am proud of her,” he said.
After Ramsey’s story ran online last week, business picked up and she was able to earn enough money to put down a deposit on his party. Then the strain proved to be overwhelming.
“I’ve been having too much seizure activity and I just cannot afford to have another grand mal that my son is forced to watch,” she posted. “It is difficult for adults to watch a seizure, and so you can imagine what an impact it has on a child. I have to do all that I can so that he only witnesses these on a minimum basis.”
A little over a week after her fundraiser began, she had to stop taking orders. A few donors have come forward with contributions toward Noah’s party. They all wanted to remain anonymous.
“Please let the mother know there are folks out there who admire her for fighting through her infirmities,” one benefactor said.
Ramsey is grateful for those who bought her baked goods, sent donations or simply offered prayers.
“I am no longer taking orders but will deliver on all of my current ones this week,” she posted. “The stress to my body and brain has gotten the better of me. Again. I must go rest now.”
About the AuthorThrough August 18th, a vast selection of digital PS4 and PS5 games are discounted through Sony’s online store. You can get these discounts through the consoles themselves, through the mobile app, or by signing in and purchasing them through its website here. There are 1,264 games and other kinds of content on sale, and it’s a great time to load up on PS5-exclusive games that rarely see a discount, as well as newer PS4 releases that are compatible on the newer console. Some of the standouts include Returnal for $49.69 (30 percent off its original price), Demon’s Souls for $49.69 (30 percent off), Marvel’s Spider-Man: Miles Morales for $35 (usually $50), and Hitman 3 for $30 (usually $60).
The new Mass Effect Legendary Edition that includes the remastered trilogy of sci-fi action RPG games is $45 (25 percent off), and the co-op adventure It Takes Two is $30 (down from $40).
Woot is selling brand-new Pixel 2 XL models with 128GB of storage in either the once-coveted “Panda” colorway, with white and black on the back, or in black. Both are going for $135, which is a great deal for the specs you’re getting, and because it works with most carriers and the bootloader’s unlocked for easier software flashing. Keep in mind Google’s Pixel 2 XL no longer receives security updates or any other kind of software tweaks, but if that’s no bother to you, this could be a solid phone to pick up.
Best Buy is hosting deals on select Amazon products, but only if you order with your voice via Alexa. These deals aren’t listed on its site. Weird, I know, but stick with me. Here’s the list of products you can get and their associated discounts if you give Alexa a shout through a compatible device or the mobile app (note that you’ll need to snag the Best Buy skill for Alexa and link your Best Buy account to get started):
- Fire TV Stick 4K is $25 (usually $50)
- Echo Dot (latest gen) is $25 (usually $50)
- Blink Mini camera is $15 (usually $35)
- Fire TV Stick Lite is $18 (usually $30)
- Blink Outdoor camera is $50 (usually $100)
- Echo (latest gen) is $60 (usually $100)
- Ring Spotlight Cam wire-free in white is $140 (usually $200)HLD Group acquires Thurston Group with support of Independent Growth Finance
Private industrial investment company HLD Group has announced the acquisition of Thurston Group – leaders in modular building solutions for the education, commercial and healthcare sectors. This major acquisition, which will ensure the ongoing operation and growth of Thurston Group, was facilitated by Independent Growth Finance, through a £16m asset-based lending (ABL) facility that formed part of the total acquisition cost.
The acquisition is the largest deal in HLD Group’s 10-year history and is an important addition to its portfolio of companies. It also marks an ambitious step in the group’s investment strategy.
Demis Ohandjanian, CEO, HLD Group commented: “We’re very pleased to be announcing the acquisition of Thurston Group..
“IGF played an important role in the acquisition of Thurston Group, committing to the funding structure from an early stage and delivering the solution in the timescales required by all parties. The facilities have not only supported the acquisition but will enable us to facilitate our future growth plans for the business.”
Thurston Group is based in Wakefield and was founded in 1970. It employs over 250 people across three sites in the east of England and is committed to the support of UK manufacturing.
Paul Edmeades, ABL director, Midlands, commented: “Thurston Group is a very strong business with a great reputation and excellent growth prospects. IGF is very pleased to have facilitated this acquisition by HLD Group through the provision of a £16m ABL facility.
“This is the second significant transaction that IGF has supported HLD Group within recent months and we look forward to furthering our already close relationship, helping them acquire similarly strong, growing businesses.”
Advisors involved in the transaction included Goodman Corporate Finance, BDO, Dains, Addleshaw Goddard and Shoosmiths.Each form in a Collect template is configured based on the addition of fields. Once a field is added to a form, field properties and attributes can be assigned. The role and nature of the respective field is designed by defining field properties and applying field attributes.
Fields can be added from columns in tables pertinent to the EQuIS format assigned to the template or by adding custom fields that do not reference any format. To add a custom field, click the Add New Field button in the Fields section of the left pane. The Edit Field window will open. A field name will need to be created. See the Field Types and Attributes article to set other properties and attributes for the custom field.
If an EQuIS format is assigned to the template, clicking in the Table selector will display a list of all sections (tables) in the format. Select the desired section (table). The selection can be expedited by using the Advanced Search box located at the top of the Table dialog.
Advanced Search – Click the down arrow to expand the advanced search dialog window. The drop-down allows the user to select an operator (e.g. Starts With, Ends With, Equals, Contains). By default, the operator is set to StartsWith. The operator defines how the expression is matched to the items being searched. Enter the expression to be searched in the text field. Multiple expressions can be set by clicking the + button below the first expression. Expressions can also be removed/cleared by clicking the – button to the left of each expression. To collapse the advanced search dialog, click the up arrow at the bottom of the advanced search dialog. Note that collapsing the advanced search will not clear search expressions that have been setup.
Once an EQuIS format section is selected, the fields belonging to the section become available to add to the form.
Fields can be added to a form in two ways. Clicking on a field will add the specified field to the bottom of the form. Fields can also be selected and dragged to a specified location within the form. Fields can be dragged and placed into the form itself, or into groups and/or combined fields within the form.
When any field from an EQuIS format section is added to the form, the key/required fields from that section are also automatically added to the form. The key fields will also automatically have one data mapping: Active set to "True" with the value of the field.
Other field(s) can be incorporated into the form, as desired by the user. Fields added to the form will be displayed green. The field last added to the form will be dark green and bold.
See the Field Types and Attributes article for a detailed discussion of assigning field properties and attributes. To set properties and attributes for each field added to the form, select the field and click the Edit
icon. If the field attribute being changed is also existent in other parts of the templates (mapping, pre-population, select/multiselect, etc.), a warning message will be displayed to advise the user. The warning message does not prevent the change and is intended to inform the user of the possible consequences of performing the change.
To see how the field will be displayed on the mobile device, select the field and click on the Preview
icon.
To copy a single field on the form, select the field and click the Copy
icon. A Copy As dialog will be displayed. By default, the existing field name will be appended with "_Copy". Rename the field as desired and click OK. Edit the field as needed.
To copy multiple fields on the form at the same time, check the box at the right side of the field for all fields to be copied on the form. Each field will be outlined in red.
Click the Copy
icon for any of the checked fields. A Copy As dialog will be displayed. By default, the existing field name will be appended with "_Copy".
Rename the fields as desired and click OK. Edit the new fields as needed.
There are two ways to move fields within a form: (1) Drag and drop, and (2) Move arrow icons. The first method is to click and drag the field from the current location to the desired location and then release. This allows fields to be moved easily on the form as well as to and from within grouped and/or combined fields. However, dragging and dropping fields to the desired position can be cumbersome in long forms with many fields.
The second method to move fields is the up-down arrow icon on the right side of the field. Clicking on the Move
icon will open a dialog for moving the desired field.
The dialog has a drop-down for choosing another field on the form as a corresponding position and radio buttons for placement "Before" or "After" the selected field. Once a field is selected in the drop-down and Before or After is chosen, clicking OK will move the field to the position specified.
If the field from the drop-down is within a field grouping or combined field group, an option will be provided to include the field being moved to the same grouping relationship as the drop-down field.
To move multiple fields on the form at the same time, check the box at the right side of the field for all fields to be moved on the form. Each field will be outlined in red. Click the Move
icon for any of the checked fields.
When moving multiple fields, they will remain selected after the move process. To clear the selected fields, click the Clear Selected button in the top right.
If attempting to move incompatible field(s) into a combined field group, a prompt will appear in the move dialog with an information icon. Hovering over this icon will display the names of the fields that cannot be added to a combined group.
To remove a single field from the form, select the field and click the 
icon. The user will be prompted for confirmation prior to deletion. If the field is being used in formulas, a warning message will be displayed denoting the occurrences of the field in the template.
To remove multiple fields from the form at the same time, check the box at the right side of the field for all fields to be deleted from the form. Each field will be outlined in red.
Click the 
icon for any of the checked fields. The user will be prompted for confirmation prior to deletion. If a field is being used in formulas, a warning message will be displayed denoting the occurrences of the field in the template. When deleting multiple referenced fields, a download button will also be present. The download will generate a text file with the warnings seen in the deletion dialog.Britain’s Conservative Party Is the Patient Zero of the Country’s Worsening National Health Crisis
A decade of Tory austerity, now compounded by the COVID-19 crisis, is pushing Britain’s National Health Service to a breaking point.
A nurse takes a swab at a COVID-19 drive-through testing station for NHS staff on March 30, 2020 in Chessington, United Kingdom. Dan Kitwood / Getty
Boris Johnson, as he has longed to be all his life, was first. The news the prime minister had tested positive for COVID-19 was greeted not with surprise, but with weary expectation. A few short weeks before, Johnson had boasted about going to a hospital and shaking hands with everyone he met, including those with symptoms. The government had sought to downplay the dangers of the virus for as long as possible, suggesting publicly and privately they might allow it to spread among the public to yield “herd immunity.” They have only been forced to adopt the stringent measures seen in other countries because of public pressure and a rising death toll tracking Italy’s trajectory.
Several short hours later, both the health secretary, Matt Hancock, and the chief medical officer for England, Chris Whitty, confirmed they had tested positive. Shortly after the announcement of Johnson’s positive test, his chief adviser, Dominic Cummings, was seen literally fleeing Downing Street, likely to avoid being caught flouting self-isolation rules (rather than in an attempt to flee the prime minister’s plague pit in fear). Cummings is now self-isolating after also developing symptoms over the weekend.
The top ranks of government have fallen to the virus, and now the National Health Service (NHS) looks set to face increasing and far-reaching pressures and partial collapse due to the Conservatives’ long- and short-term decision-making. Over the weekend, three doctors were confirmed to have died of the virus after treating patients. Doctors and health care workers have been constantly raising the alarm, risking their jobs in speaking out about the lack of personal protective equipment (PPE) needed to adequately safeguard their own health while attempting to save lives.
A medical fetish store spoke out on Twitter, critical that the NHS were so desperate for stocks of scrubs that they had approached the company, which donated its entire stock, stepping in where the government failed. Yet in 2017, the Department of Health, then under the leadership of former health secretary Jeremy Hunt, rejected advice that visors and eye-protection equipment should be stockpiled to guard against a potential influenza epidemic, because of the cost.
That cost now is paid in lives. The NHS has been deliberately run as close to capacity for as long as the Conservatives have been in power. Winter flu outbreaks had already stretched the system, and waits to see general practitioners grew ever longer. Running at capacity allows no strain without snapping, and what the United Kingdom sees now is only the beginning of the fallout. Doctors are already threatening to quit, exhausted, overworked, and risking their own safety as well as their patients’ lives in dangerous, ill-equipped situations. On Friday, many people opened their windows or stepped into gardens and onto balconies to “clap for NHS workers.” It is a welcome gesture for some, but a much greater material gesture is needed immediately and after the pandemic slows.
Bursaries for trainee nurses have been abolished under the Conservatives, so many student nurses are working above and beyond their training hours for no pay to try to save lives. Doctors’ pay and conditions have been eroded for years, with increasing workloads and recruitment problems adding to the lack of financial gratitude shown in their salaries.
But the NHS’s problems don’t begin and end with COVID-19: the mental health system was already overburdened, with long waiting lists for talk therapy and little support for issues that don’t respond to cognitive behavioral therapy. Mass lockdown and isolation will only increase the rate of mental health problems in a population facing a long-term change in their work and social habits. Health is directly linked to poverty, too: the spike in unemployment and underemployment will cause worsening physical health for people struggling to afford bills and getting by on minimal government assistance.
Many cancer patients have reported they have had their chemotherapy and radiation treatment postponed or appointments canceled at the last minute while staff are deployed elsewhere. After the UK “flattens the curve” of the pandemic, the NHS will have to deal with the huge backlog of missed appointments and treatments and an increasingly ill population, even leaving aside those who will die not of, but because of, COVID-19’s effect on NHS capacity.
The risk is that small platitudes — free coffee at chains for NHS staff, or mass cheers and claps — become the limit of the public’s appetite for change. Politicians would certainly prefer that. But the 2016 doctors’ strike showed that the public was actually behind the protests, despite usually being hostile to industrial action. When it came down to the wire, people felt doctors should earn more and were underpaid, and they realized that meant, in turn, that patients received worse treatment, and this risked the lives of their loved ones.
This time, doctors and nurses are risking their own lives, too. The crisis will strain every aspect of the NHS and affect far more people’s health than those who contract the virus. Health care workers should continue to hold the government accountable for risking our lives and their own, and should make it clear that afterward, if the government wants NHS workers to put the system back together, they need more. More protection. More funding. More staff. And more respect.JD (USYD), MA CMC (UMelb), BA(Hons)
Laura Curtis
Solicitor
Areas of Practice
Laura has expertise in legal and policy drafting, governance issues and legal perspective on the management of arts and culture. She has assisted clients in museums, galleries, government agencies and non-government organisations.
Laura has worked on commission and licence agreements, recording release agreements, and reviews of publishing agreements. Laura also has public speaking and presentation experience as a co-presenter of True Tracks® workshops and presented at international workshops during her work with the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN).
Photo by Jamie James
Artwork: Bibi Barba, 'Terri - Butterfly Flowers Dreaming' (2020)
Experience
Laura was admitted as a solicitor in 2019 and holds a Legal Practising Certificate with the Law Society of NSW. She graduated with a Juris Doctor from the University of Sydney in 2017. She also has an Arts Degree (University of Sydney, 2007) and completed a Masters in Cultural Material Conservation (university of Melbourne, 2009). Laura.
Recent Projects
In 2020/21 Laura was Project Manager on a project with ASEAN that reported on legal and policy options for the protection and promotion of Genetic Resources, Traditional Knowledge, and Traditional Cultural Expressions. For the full Report see:.
In 2021 she worked on drafting and research for a Report into the State of Victoria’s Aboriginal Cultural Heritage, in compliance with the Aboriginal Heritage Act 2006 (Vic).
In 2019/20 Laura drafted a guide for Indigenous language centres in Australia, to assist them in managing the legal and governance challenges of working on Indigenous language projects, presenting the guide at Darwin PULiiMA.
Community
Laura has volunteered at the Arts Law Centre of Australia and is a member of the Law Society of NSW. Laura maintains a keen interest in the arts sector and enjoys exploring new exhibitions and galleries and museums throughout Australia. She also enjoys reading, travelling, swimming and yoga.Eagles are admired the world over as living symbols of power, freedom, and transcendence. Eagles have amazing eyesight and can detect prey up to two miles away. Location of the nest varies with species. Bald eagles for example, most likely nest in tall trees whereas as golden eagles prefer cliff faces or more open areas. For such a powerful bird, surprisingly weak-sounding calls—usually a series of high-pitched whistling or piping notes. The female may repeat a single, soft, high-pitched note that has been called “unlike any other calls in nature”; apparently this signals her readiness for copulation.
Eagle sounds app offers a variety of sounds of Eagle ringtone for free. These sounds from Eagle has been selected with the best quality. Just install this app, you can hear of Eagle anywhere and anytime as you want from your phone. These sounds can even be used as ringtones!
Most of the sixty species of eagles are from Eurasia and Africa. Outside this area, just fourteen species can be found – two in North America, nine in Central and South America, and three in Australia.
Eagle Sounds app Features :
● All Sounds are high quality sounds
● App can work in the background
● Auto-play sounds mode available
● App works offline after download.
● Free App
● Set any Sound as Ringtone, Alarm tone, Notifications.We come from a live theater background. After spending some years working with live video, Bart and Philippe formed the Iduun collective in 2008, to create new kind of shows and interactive installations.
Millumin is born in 2010 : after working on a Iduun show during months, Philippe did not feel to have the right tool to achieve its vision. So he started to design its own. Indeed, a brand new software to manage video and lights on stage. For theaters, dance shows, videomappings and interactive installations.
Two years later, the company was born and the first release of Millumin was shipped. Since then, our team have been committed to help people building their shows. And we are still full of ideas to do so.
If you wanted to know more, Millumin is the contraction of two words : "myself" and "illuminate".
Bart and Philippe formed the Iduun collective.
Presentation of Monomal, a Monome module for Modul8.
Presentation of MapMapMap, a very advanced module for videomapping in Modul8.
Creation of the Iduun's show "Kadambini".
First designs of Millumin.
Very first beta of Millumin. It changed quite a bit since then ...
Millumin V1 is released.
Release of Glypheo, an application for surtitles in theaters and operas.
Collaboration with Adrien M & Claire B, on the the show "Le Mouvement de l'Air".
Millumin V2 is released.
Collaboration with Darren Johnston, on the the shows "Zero Point" and "Plasticity".
Collaboration with Blanca Li, on the the show "Solstice".
Millumin V3 is released.
Collaboration with U-Machine.
MilluNode is released.Join us for the Big Iona Burns Night next Monday 27th 8.30-11pm. Led by handsome kiltie men, piper Andrew Forbes and fiddler Calum Pasqua, whisky and song graciously supplied by Simon Brooking from Laphroaig, readings and toasts from Lia Barcellona Tamborra, Miguel Coias …special guests t.b.a. and live Iona All Stars trad ensemble. Burns’ songs and poetry… bagpipes and haggis, dressing up and $4 Belhaven. What could be better… — with Douglas Safranek,Miguel Coias, Hannah Marie Marcus, Max Carmichael, Lia Barcellona Tamborra, Matthew Chachere, Andrew Forbes, Amy Beshara, Stuart Leigh, Matt Diaz, Calum Michael, Jenny Evans andKaren Brown at IONA BAR.
1. Turn Off the ScreenYou probably already know this one, so why is it so hard to actually do? You know you should switch off and get to sleep, but you just can’t seem to make the break. It’s not like anybody can blame you. After all, the smartphone revolution has put 24-hour information and entertainment on demand and right at your fingertips.
2. Ditch the CaffeineSpeaking of things you already know, it won’t come as any surprise that it’s best to avoid caffeine before bedtime. However, you may not be aware of just how early it’s recommended you quit your coffee intake. According to a study from Michigan’s Wayne State University, drinking two to three cups of coffee six hours before bedtime can cost you an hour’s worth of sleep.
3. Start with Your BedMany of us who complain about a lack of sleep often ignore what’s arguably the most important part of our sleep—the bed. Of course, not all of us are in a position to invest in an expensive, orthopaedic mattress, but it does pay to go out and do some research and cost comparison. Consider it an investment in your productivity and your spine.
4. Stick to a RoutineIf you don’t have a nightly bedtime routine, maybe it’s time to develop one. Research has shown following the same pattern of actions and behaviour at bedtime can actually improve your ability to fall asleep.
5. Get ActiveMany doctors and sleep scientists recommend exercise for those suffering from insomnia, so if you’ve been avoiding the gym lately, do it for your sleep. What’s interesting about the impact of exercise on sleep, however, is we’re not entirely sure just why exercise improves sleep, nor do all forms of exercise necessarily beneficial for sleep.
Like this? Why not Pin it?
Mandarin cake
A refreshing end to your meal.
• 250g butter, at room temperature
• 180g sugar
• 5 eggs
• 500g flour
• 1 sachet yeast, powder
• 4 tsp mandarin zest, grated
• 2 tsp lemon zest, grated
• 2 tbsp mandarine liqueur
• 250 ml milk
• Icing sugar
1. Preheat oven to 160°C fan-forced. Grease a non-stick 47 x 30 cm baking tray with butter, then list with flour.
2. With an electric beater, beat the butter and sugar until well combined. Add the eggs and continue to beat for 3-4 minutes.
3. Combine the flour, yeast, and lemon and mandarin zest, then add to the egg mixture.
4. Pour half the milk and the liqueur into the mixture and continue to beat, add the remaining milk and continue to beat (if the mixture becomes too runny, use less milk).
5. Spread the mixture onto the baking tray, smoothing the surface with a spoon. Bake for 3-35 minutes.
6. Remove from the oven and set aside to cool in the tray. Cut into rectangle pieces and dust with icing sugar before serving.to Navigation
Head of project
Scientific researcher
Student assistance
- Gwen Lesmeister (from December 2017 bis October 2018)
- Bennet Etsiwah (bis Dezember 2017)
Project partners
- ISOE – Institute for Socio-Ecological Research (Overall project lead)
- Prof. Dr. Armin Grunwald (ITAS - Institute for Technology Assessment and Systems Analysis)
- Dr. Florian Keil (kib keep it balanced)
Project description
Transdisciplinary research is on the rise. Driven by the insight that complex societal problems require a joint effort of both science and practical experience, more and more research institutions and initiatives adopt transdisciplinary approaches. Funding authorities like the German Federal Ministry of Education and Research as well as the European Union increasingly demand inter- and transdisciplinary research design preconditions for applications.
However so far there is no general approved canon of scientifically approved methods and quality standards in transdisciplinary research.
TransImpact wants to address this desideratum. Starting with selected case studies, we will systematically analyse the links between scientific practice and its societal and scientific impacts. These findings will then be used to develop both integrative methods and quality standards for transdisciplinary research, as we proceed by integrating scientists and practitioners in a discursive process. Working in this transparent and integrative manner, TransImpact includes researchers, funding authorities and practitioners. The project thus strengthens communication within a community that is eager to discuss the challenges of transdisciplinary research. Furthermore, in an effort to gradually expand and represent the knowledge base of our participants, our final aim is the creation of an online hub for the transdisciplinary community. Serving as a virtual representation of our research in progress, in regards to collections of transdisciplinary methods and quality standards, the hub will eventually serve as the basis of a Virtual Academy of Transdisciplinary Studies.ABT 724 trihydrochloride
Chemical Name: 2-[[4-(2-Pyridinyl)-1-piperazinyl]methyl]-1H-benzimidazole trihydrochloride
Purity: ≥99%
Biological ActivityABT 724 trihydrochloride is an ABT 724 is a potent dopamine D4 receptor partial agonist (EC50 = 12.4 nM; 61% efficacy vs. dopamine), which displays no agonist activity at D2 receptors (EC50 > 10 μM). ABT 724 is selective in rats in vivo and produces penile erection following i.c.v. administration, and increases intracavernosal pressure and potentiates the proerectile effects of sildenafil following s.c. administration. This compound displays minimal side effects.
External Portal informationThe Chemical Probes webpages of the Structural Genomics Consortium are a portal that offers independent guidance on the selection and/or application of small molecules for research. The use of ABT 724 is reviewed on the chemical probes website.
Technical Data
The technical data provided above is for guidance only.
For batch specific data refer to the Certificate of Analysis.
Tocris products are intended for laboratory research use only, unless stated otherwise.
Background References
- DA.
Stewart et al.
J.Med.Chem., 2004;47:2348
- Discovery of 2-(4-pyridin-2-ylpiperazin-1-ylmethyl)-1H-benzimidazole (ABT-724), a DArgic agent with a novel mode of action for the potential treatment of erectile dysfunction.
Cowart et al.
J.Med.Chem., 2004;47:3853
- Activation of DA D4 receptors by ABT-724 induces penile erection in rats.
Brioni et al.
Proc.Natl.Acad.Sci.USA, 2004;101:6758
Product Datasheets
Reconstitution Calculator
Molarity Calculator
FAQs
No product specific FAQs exist for this product, however you mayView all Small Molecule FAQs
Reviews for ABT 724 trihydrochloride
There are currently no reviews for this product. Be the first to review ABT 724 trihydrochloride and earn rewards!
Have you used ABT 724 tri/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/70102616/Indiana_20211028_WawaseeChildCare_CourtesyOfWawasee_004.0.jpeg)
When Sarah Nordin arrived to drop off her 3-year-old son for his first day of preschool in 2018, she was handed an unexpected notice: The child care center was planning to close its doors in two weeks due to a staffing issue.
It had already been Nordin’s second choice after the family’s first beloved in-home day care had closed only a few months prior. Now she would need to find a third option in her tiny northeastern Indiana town.
“I thought I was going to have to quit my job,” Nordin said. “I was calling family members, sobbing, ‘I don’t know what to do.’”
The stress of finding child care is familiar for working families across the country, but it can be especially acute in rural areas like Kosciusko County, where sparse populations make early learning programs costly to operate and few and far between.
Known as the Orthopedic Capital of the World for its medical manufacturing industry, Kosciusko County was around 2,000 seats short of its child care needs in 2018 after several programs closed, according to research by its chamber of commerce.
Parts of the community even earned the “child care desert” designation from Early Learning Indiana, a statewide advocate for early childhood education, meaning children outnumbered available seats 3 to 1 and the area had robust economy.
It led the Kosciusko County Chamber of Commerce to develop a child care program incubator known as LaunchPad to begin rebuilding capacity, said LaunchPad Executive Director Sherry Searles.
“We see this as an issue of economic development,” said Searles.
Community works together to add seats
The “child care desert” label eventually allowed the chamber to qualify for a $75,000 grant in 2020 from Early Learning Indiana, putting in motion an effort to add more seats through Wawasee schools in Syracuse, the smaller northern part of the county that suffered a particular child care scarcity.
Jennifer Phillips, the district’s director of special cervices, led the effort, inspired by her own experience.
As a new teacher in need of child care for her toddler daughter, Phillips had to drive 60 minutes round trip to drop her daughter off at a day care in the next town before starting her day teaching in Wawasee schools. At the time of her search, there were just eight licensed child care seats in town.
Families throughout the area shared similar stories to Phillips’: They would leave their children with neighbors, or ask relatives to watch them until the school bus came, or work fewer hours in order to be home a little earlier. During the pandemic, one parent would have to stop working outside the home, she said.
“It’s not always quality care,” Phillips said.
The district opened its first programs in 2020, one for the public and another reserved for the children of Wawasee schools staff — though not Phillips’ daughter, who by then had started kindergarten.
“I knew the importance of child care for children of our employees and for the community as a whole,” Phillips said.
Wawasee Community Schools now offers preschool for 3- to 5-year-olds at all three elementary buildings, an early-hours room for the children of employees of a large local manufacturer, and an infant and toddler care program that few other districts have ventured into, for a total of 96 additional seats.
Because the programs operate within a public school, they can accept aid such as the governmental Child Care and Development Fund and vouchers, Phillips said. Each program is led by a teacher and a paraprofessional, and all but one has a waitlist this year, Phillips added.
The district’s 16-seat infant and toddler care programs are in the process of obtaining licensure, she said, but for now have to close for one day after every ninth day of operation. Still, those, too, have waitlists.
A local employer steps up
In August, a major local employer also jumped into the day care scene.
Polywood, a Syracuse-based furniture manufacturer, agreed to sponsor 20 child care seats at Wawasee schools for employees’ children, Phillips said.
Ryan Zimmerman, Polywood’s director of human resources, said the company had been weighing options after employees routinely struggled to find child care nearby.
“We’re a rapidly growing company, and many times we’ve come across individuals we wanted to hire or had hired but who then had child care issues,” Zimmerman said. “They had a family member or neighbor watching their kids, and then something happens and that person isn’t available, or gets a job. And then they have a dilemma.”
The company had previously considered offering a program of its own, but faced the challenges of space, overhead, and utilities, as well as providing quality early learning.
“We’re a manufacturing company. We’re not in the day care business,” Zimmerman said.
“With a school, they’re the experts in child care, in how to manage children.”
Wawasee’s Polywood classroom offers care beginning at 4:30 a.m. ahead of the manufacturing plant’s start time — nontraditional hours that are even harder to find among child care providers. The company pays $40 per seat per day, which subsidizes the cost to employees.
The company believes it’ll see a higher retention rate as a result of the program, he said. For the 10 employees who currently use the child care center, Zimmerman also noted that absenteeism has been nonexistent.
“When they have a stable, reliable, consistent option, they’ll be stable, reliable, consistent employees,” Zimmerman said.
Kosciusko still needs more seats
If there’s a silver lining to the pandemic, it might be that more employers have realized the dire need for child care among their workers, said Early Learning Indiana CEO Maureen Weber, after school closures and COVID exposures impacted family schedules.
“I speak to rooms full of employers trying to figure out how to provide a meaningful support to their own employees as well as the larger community,” Weber said. “It became crystal clear that this is very important.”
And while Indiana school districts are increasingly offering preschool programs, it’s still rare that a district steps into infant and toddler care as Wawasee has, Weber said.
The model works well for infant care because it relies on the trust that public schools have within a community, as well as their existing resources, Weber said. The cost of operating the programs is one of the largest barriers to expanding access to them, and goes double for rural areas with less concentrated populations.
“They can, at the same time, be too costly for families to afford care and not charge enough to fund the full cost of care,” Weber said. “That creates quite a conundrum.”
Early Learning Indiana gave Kosciusko County an overall score of 51.6 out of 100 in an August report on early learning access in the state of Indiana, a score influenced by the county’s low child care capacity and lack of choice.
The report, which uses some data from before Wawasee schools’ child care programs opened and expanded, specifically lists the areas served by the district as ones of lowest access.
‘It’s hard leaving your baby with someone’
Sarah Nordin, who faced a child care dilemma after her two providers closed, found care for her children with family until the day care at Syracuse Elementary opened.
“Knowing I have good child care makes me do a much better job,” said Nordin, who works for the district as a special education paraprofessional.
Before Wawasee’s programs opened, kindergarten teacher Shanelle Werstler also relied on family for child care, including her mother-in-law who retired when the family couldn’t find another day care provider. Some quoted an insurmountable cost, Werstler said, or a waitlist of nearly two years.
Werstler said she jumped at the chance to bring her children to Syracuse Elementary’s day care for one of the most affordable rates around — $25 a day. Her daughter loves going to the “big school,” Werstler said, where she’s learned to write the first letters of her name.
The need to develop academic and social skills also drove parent Nicole Rodriguez to seek out preschool for her son, who struggled in social situations. The program allows her to focus on her full-time remote work, with the option to reach her son’s teacher by text if needed.
“It’s reassuring that if anything happens, I’ll get a call right away,” Rodriguez said. “And it’s a relief to have all that time to be able to work, without having to go get him.”
Wawasee High School teacher Hannah Pawlicki also couldn’t find another nearby child care option — some provided only part-time care, which worked well for other families she knew, but wouldn’t work for her and her husband, also a teacher.
With an on-campus option, Pawlicki said she’s enjoyed watching her children make progress.
“It’s hard leaving your baby with someone,” Pawlicki said. “Having both kids in the building, on the same schedule — we feel really fortunate that we had this opportunity in our community.”Cuban Hotels’ Astronomical Prices for Nationals
By Safie M. Gonzalez
HAVANA TIMES – If there’s been one issue that has made headlines in Cuba in recent months, it’s not exactly been the famous COVID-19, but increasing prices, from a piece of candy to what Cubans consume the most, “pork”.
However, pork isn’t exactly what I want to talk about in this article. I’d like to dedicate this article today to something that I found on the front page when I opened Google to look something up.
The “generous” Hotel deals for our Cuban people. Before talking about the rates that have been established for the reopening of hotel chains, I’d like to remind those of you who don’t live in Cuba, that access to these hotels has always implied a huge sacrifice for any regular Cuban, which is what we have plenty of here at the end of the day.
Going to a hotel anywhere in the world might be a luxury, I agree, but a great percentage of the population is able to travel and spend a week with their family in a hotel, at least once a year.
Not Cubans though, they can break their backs working and never be able to go to a hotel, much less now when food prices are through the roof, and you only have two options to buy a change of clothes and a pair of shoes: the first option, having a MLC (foreign currency) card or buying them for an exorbitant price from people who travel and bring back merchandise.
Within this context, I believe that even thinking about spending a couple of days at any hotel on our idyllic island is a utopia, quite frankly. Especially if we bear in mind that the price for 4 nights and 2 people, for example, can vary anywhere between 12,154 pesos to 48,616 pesos. (Officially the exchange is 24 pesos to 1 USD.)
It seems absurd, right? Especially if we bear in mind the fact that the minimum wage for workers is 2,200 pesos per month, which might seem like a lot to anyone not living on the island, but believe me, this money vanishes on food, on payday alone.
It’s not a matter of being ambitious either, the conclusion is simple for anyone reading this article, whether they are Cuban or living in another country. It doesn’t matter whether we are university students or skilled workers, everyone should have the chance to enjoy some “decent” holiday time, why not? Especially when we have such beautiful beaches and so many hotels on our idyllic island.
Read more from Safie M. González here.
8 thoughts on “Cuban Hotels’ Astronomical Prices for Nationals”
I note that Dan did not have the good grace to apologize for his remark inferring that my wife looks like a jinatera!
“Manners maketh Man.”
Do you Dan have both a girl-friend and a wife, as inferred in your comments?
“my Cuban girlfriend or wife”
Anti – I don’t think those Cuban kids would want to be a “tourist” like me. I often times spend days there with a mocha, cutting cane. Since I grew up as a kid working summers cutting tobacco, I doesn’t bother me. I would wager that the Cubans you hang with on the beach and bars wouldnt do work like that if it meant starving. By the way, what is your crazy obsession with me and Trump ? You really seem a little confused about the differences between political philosphies .
I trust Dan that in making your comment that “you guys must look like the typical jinatera patrons”, that you were not suggesting that my wife must look like a jinatera! A bit more thought before making insulting comments would be advisable!
Regarding how I look, T-shirts 10-15 years old, old shorts that my wife keeps pleading with me to get new ones, no socks, no hat, but better foot
ware, even although it gets repaired locally. The repeated problem on the odd occasion when we have been in Havana, is racism which is embedded in the uniformed MININT goons, as we are a racially mixed couple and get stopped even when walking in the street. It is noteworthy, that they do not apologize when finding that we are a married couple and learn of my wife’s occupation. I assume that you and your Cuban girlfriend or wife are white.
Dan, you remind me of the many whites in your country, probably Trumpites, who claim there is no racism in the good ‘ol USA or haven’t seen police brutality with there own eyes in their neighborhoods. You try to deny others experiences in Cuba based on your white skin color and economic privelige.
Likewise in an informal straw poll I am personally aware of, among Cuban 10-11 year olds at their school, when asked what they would like to be when they grow up a surprising number said “a tourist”. If they knew you they might have said a tourist like Dan.
That’s funny. I’ve been going to Cuba since 1993, and have NEVER had anyone tell me my Cuban girlfriend or wife could not be in the place. No offense but you guys must look like the typical jinatera patrons or something.
In the bad old days of the Soviet Union, it was actually illegal for a USSR citizen to stay in a hotel in Moscow.
So, what happened to Carlyle’s wife is not, in this context, unusual.
Dan ought to note the context when selecting quotes, Safie wrote of “the population” in terms of the world at large and immediately following doing so, wrote: “Not Cubans though, they can break their backs working and never be able to go to a hoteL” She made a comparison!
I well recall when after 54 years, Raul Castro decided that Cubans could actually enter and stay in Cuban hotels. Our local Veterinarian and his wife, took all their savings and bought a three day package at Varadero, which included travelling by Transtur coaches, not in the usual converted trucks. He told me of the pleasure of meeting and talking with people from Germany and France, and eating as much as one chose from the buffet. He ended by saying: “It was the experience of a lifetime”.
That Dan is the reality, a university graduate having pursued his profession for thirty years, entered an hotel for the first time in his life.
In 2011, my wife and I stayed in a casa particular in Guanabo and one day took a taxi to the well known hotel the Tropicana that lies east of Havana. We went and sat down at a table near the bar, intending having a drink prior to lunch. Within two minutes, security appeared, asked my wife if she was Cuban and instructed her to leave. When I objected, they said that I could stay but she as a Cuban,
must leave. Obviously we both left, and I wrote to Trip Advisor – doing so brought a lot of response from a wide variety of tourists unaware of the reality of Cuba.
“Going to a hotel anywhere in the world might be a luxury, I agree, but a great percentage of the population is able to travel and spend a week with their family in a hotel, at least once a year. ” Say what ??!Home / drop / Size 9 hallmarked sterling silver handmade snake ring In someone's basket... Size hallmarked sterling silver bison ring £120.00 Add to cart Alexander The Great ring size 7 in heavy hallmarked sterling silver £140.00 Add to cart Size 6.5 hallmarked sterling silver 15mm wide ring £140.00 Add to cartA senior engineer on Facebook’s Oculus team was arrested in a sting operation for soliciting sex from a minor.
Seattle Police arrested Katz on Dec. 23 in a sting operation where an undercover cop posed as a minor. Katz majored in computer science at the University of Tel Aviv, before moving to the US where he pursued higher education and joined the Oculus team in 2013.
Here’s what you need to know about Oculus’s Head of Computer Vision:
1. Katz Solicited an Undercover Cop Posing as a 15-Year-Old Girl
Tukwila is a suburb in King County that borders Seattle
The Tukwila, Washington Anti-Crime team oversaw the sting operation in which detectives posted an ad on Backpage soliciting patrons for sex. Katz responded to the ad and messaged Officer Sudel, who posed as a 15-year-old.
According to TechCrunch, Katz agreed to pay $300 for sex without a condom. Katz arrived at the Embassy Suites Hotel at 15920 West Valley Highway and was arrested when he arrived in front of the room. Katz said he was there to save the girl, but police found $600 on his person. He will be arraigned on January 5 and his bail is set at $125,000.
Here’s a copy of the Police report:
2. Katz Helped Create an Immersive VR Environment as an Oculus Engineer
Katz addressed challenges of VR in a 2014 presentation (screenshot)
Katz joined the Oculus VR team in 2013, a year before Facebook bought the company for $2 billion. According to Katz’s LinkedIn profile, he was promoted from Senior Vision Engineer to Head of Computer Vision in July 2014, the same month Facebook closed the acquisition.
As Head of Computer Vision, Katz is in charge of making VR a less jarring and more immersive experience. In a presentation last May he addressed challenges of virtual reality such as delayed responses in the 3D environment as well as difficulty in accurately mapping motions. He said the early prototype Oculus Rift DK-1 couldn’t track all the user’s motions. Unlike a 3D movie experience where all effects are external, virtual reality should be entirely immersive, Katz told the Times of Israel. According to the description of the YouTube video, Katz’s specialty is human and computer vision.
At Oculus, he developed a high precision – low latency optical position tracking system. He is currently engaged in several projects that will deliver a more immersive and intuitive VR experience.
3. The Sting Was Part of a Buyer Beware Operation That Targets Sex Buyers
The arrest is part of a King County program cracking down on sex buyers. Since Operation ‘Buyer Beware’ launched in 2014, arrests of men soliciting sex have increased, while arrests of prostitutes have fallen. According to a presentation this year from the county, detectives would get 200 to 250 responses to an ad within two hours. In 2015, around 45 charges were filed against men trying to buy sex from minors in King County and no charges were filed against prostituted minors.
4. The 38-Year-Old Tech Executive is An Israeli Citizen Living in California
The Israeli-born Oculus Rift engineer lives in California. He knows English, French and Hebrew and has experience with Hebrew programming languages, according to his Curriculum Vitaie. Katz told The Times of Israel he would like to return to Israel at some point and challenged the perception that Israel doesn’t provide enough opportunities for fresh grads.
“I know that people in Israel are very concerned with ‘brain drain,’ and how the lack of opportunities is driving promising students out of the country, but I didn’t find that to be the case,” Katz said. “It’s been a very enjoyable adventure, but home is home, and I plan to return at some point.”
5. Katz Completed his Graduate Degree and Post-Doc in the United States
In an interview with the Times of Israel, Katz credited his education at Tel Aviv University for providing him a strong background in virtual reality systems. After completing his Bachelors in computer science and electrical and electronics engineering, Katz went on to pursue a graduate’s degree at University of Amherst Massachusetts and then a post-doc at the Carnegie Mellon University. As a post-doc fellow at the Robotics Institute, he created computer vision and machine learning algorithms, according to his bio page.
My goal is to enable machines to intelligently interpret visual information in our everyday environments. This will enable exciting applications such as home robotics, space exploration, flexible manafacturing, autonomous driving, video understanding, and search & rescue robotics.Personalized Approach
BBC becomes a partner to your team and using our proprietary LIDI System™ we create an improvement plan based on your success.
who want to execute a world class revenue generating plan.
who are ready to maximize their organization’s revenue potential.
that want to close
deals like Warren Buffett does.
“The best recommendation that I could ever give anyone is “I would hire them to build a business for me.” Although Gerard and I were involved with different companies, his company was a pioneer in developing a west coast network from scratch with a product that had zero market presence. Although he had virtually no experience with the product he was able to build an amazing distribution channel in less than a year. He is an extraordinary leader and even a better person.”
“When you look back on a large project with hundreds of participants, there are those select few who stand out as the reason for it’s success. That’s Gerard. His commitment, leadership, drive, understanding and integrity are impressive and inspiring. He is a customer-centric results-oriented team leader that in our case delivered on-time on-budget in the face of significant challenges. I’d work with him again in a heartbeat and can genuinely recommend him without hesitation. Years later, you’ll remember him as I do; as a key reason for your project’s success.”
“Gerard has been instrumental in developing a comprehensive training program for my sales force. He has provided many innovative solutions to help drive our organizations CPR and Safety training programs to another level. Gerard gets behind the products and services he believes in, but won’t push something if he knows it’s not in his client’s best interest. If you’re looking for someone to build long-term relationships with clients, while boosting your company’s profits, I would highly recommend Gerard Bottomley.”
“My success rate in winning new business has doubled since the training. I close more opportunities, I dont waste time trying to get to the right buyer and that helps me keep my funnel full and opportunities flowing.”
“Knowing how the buyer makes a buying decision and what triggers the buying process helps me get to the right people quicker. Now I am able to convince them why they should buy from me and much quicker than before, I now get twice as many sales than before the training.”
“Before the training, one of my reps was having a really difficult time closing the sale; he had very few sales relative to the number of calls. The training gets to the root of the problem, the brain of the potential buyer. He tripled his new accounts per month since the training.”
Our proprietary system is a top down, inside to the outside approach to learning about your organization, identifying the gaps, and developing and implementing a plan of action to increase your revenue.
Gerard Bottomley is a people person, expert communicator, gap finder and fixer, strategic mastermind, relationship generator, and sales guru. He is passionate about helping organizations make more money, and uses his over 30 years of business development and operations experience to do it.
Where some consultants give you high level advice from afar that leaves you saying “What did I pay for?” Gerard digs in with your organization, creates an actionable plan, and gets you results. On top of it all, he is one hell of a guy – you just might find yourself inviting him over for the holidays.
A fifteen minute conversation with Gerard is your first step to more revenue. Let’s talk!An introduction to our Health Promotion Practitioner Register – part of the IUHPE Health Promotion Accreditation System
By David Kidney, UKPHR Executive Director & Dr Viv Speller, UKPHR Director and Member IUHPE Accreditation Committee
At UKPHR we have launched a new register, alongside our long-running public health register, for health promotion practitioners specifically. We want to explain the new register and why we believe that this register will be suitable for some people who are studying for or working in health promotion careers.
The International Union for Health Promotion and Education (IUHPE) is at the forefront of a global mission to promote quality assurance, competence and mobility in Health Promotion practice, education and training globally.
IUHPE’s Health Promotion Accreditation System .
As IUHPE’s National Accreditation Organisation in the UK, we operate a Health Promotion Practitioner Register. In this article we will call this new register the “IUHPE-accredited register”.
This IUHPE-accredited register is separate from our accredited register for public health specialists, public health practitioners and Public Health Specialty Registrars. This already well-established UK public health register is accredited under a statutory scheme by the Professional Standards Authority and in this article we will refer to this, which includes our public health practitioner registrants as the “PSA-accredited register”.
Through registration, health promotion practitioners in the UK make a commitment to quality Health Promotion practice based on agreed competency-based criteria. Registration justifies use of the title ‘IUHPE Registered Health Promotion Practitioner’.
Registration makes practitioners part of a worldwide community because registrants’ names are also added to the IUHPE Health Promotion Accreditation System Global Register. This should make the new register attractive for international students currently in the UK and UK health promotion practitioners who may be considering pursuing their careers elsewhere in the world. Currently Ireland, Australia and Estonia have adopted the IUHPE Health Promotion Accreditation System, and New Zealand is in the process of development.
Benefits of registration include:
- Increased recognition and visibility of Health Promotion qualifications,
- Facilitation of career movement across roles, organisations, regions and countries,
- A reference point for employers in recruitment and selection.
In the UK we are offering three categories of accreditation for health promotion practitioner applicants who can apply for registration on the IUHPE-accredited register:
- Graduates from courses accredited by the IUHPE System;
- Applicants who are not graduates of an accredited (accredited by IUHPE System) course; and
- Public health practitioner registrants on the PSA-accredited register.
Graduates from courses accredited by the IUHPE System will be automatically eligible for registration on the IUHPE accredited register upon proof of graduation.
Applicants for registration on the IUHPE-accredited register who are not graduates of an accredited course will be required to:
- Have a relevant undergraduate (Bachelors) degree. Graduates from a range of relevant courses, including public health, health promotion, health education and social sciences including psychology, epidemiology, sociology, education, communication, environmental health, community, urban or rural development, and political science, will be eligible to apply. Other academic qualifications may also be deemed appropriate on assessment, and a list of all previously accepted graduate qualifications will be maintained for future reference;
- Undertake self-assessment in accordance with the pro forma prescribed by IUHPE;
- Demonstrate 2 years’ of having been working in the field of health promotion.
Public health practitioner registrants on our PSA-accredited register are required to demonstrate 2 years’ experience of having been working in the field of health promotion. The reason why applicants who are public health practitioner registrants on this PSA-accredited register are exempt from the other requirements is that they will already have undergone a detailed assessment of a portfolio of evidence demonstrating their competence in public health practice at an appropriate level (autonomous practice).
Public health practitioner registrants on the PSA-accredited register will not be required to pay a second registration fee if they decided to achieve registration on both registers.
An assessment fee is payable by those applicants who submit the self-assessment questionnaire. We will arrange the assessment.
We will charge all applicants, including public health practitioner registrants on the PSA-accredited register, a one-off administration fee for processing their applications.
Registration on the IUHPE-accredited register will be for a period of 3 years, and can be renewed subsequently. Registrants on the IUHPE-accredited register will initially be required to pay a triennial registration fee, and UKPHR will exempt public health practitioner registrants on the PSA-accredited register (for so long as they maintain that registration) from having to pay this fee.
Health promotion and health improvement are vital elements in the delivery of a comprehensive and holistic public health service. Health promotion practitioners make a significant contribution to society’s efforts to improve the health and wellbeing of populations and to reduce inequalities.
We support health promotion practitioners in the work they do and by opening this new register we hope to encourage health promotion practitioners to register and join what is a growing national and international community of like-minded professionals. We believe that the public and public health employers and commissioners of public health services and interventions will be assured by and will benefit from this registration system.
Our register will help health promotion practitioners to demonstrate their skills, knowledge and experience through registration. Registrants will, through their registration, be making a public commitment to maintaining and enhancing their competence after initial registration, for example through CPD (Continuing Professional Development) learning.
If you are a committed and enthusiastic and determined health promotion practitioner, we look forward to receiving your application for registration soon.Canberra lockdown – update 22 September
Canberra COVID-19 case numbers
There have been 17 new cases of COVID-19 recorded in the ACT to 8pm yesterday.
Of these cases, all 9 are linked to known cases or ongoing clusters and 8 remain under early investigation. 1 of the 17 cases were in quarantine during their infectious period, at least 11 spent some time in the community during their infectious period and 5 are under investigation.
There are 222 active cases in the ACT, and 436 cases have recovered.
12 cases are currently in hospital, with 2 in intensive care and requiring ventilation.
Canberra exposure locations
We have over 300 active exposure locations listed. Please keep an eye on the website.
Canberra COVID-19 testing
A total of 2,120 negative tests were returned in the 24 hours to 9am today.
More nurses and midwives for Canberra
More than 90 new nurses and midwives will be hired in Canberra as part of the ACT Government's commitment to provide better healthcare, where and when Canberrans need it.
Our local workforce has been there when our city needed them most. Many have made significant personal sacrifices to support Canberra through the pandemic.
The upcoming ACT Budget will commit $50.1 million over 4 years to recruit more staff to provide better quality healthcare for Canberrans.
Visit covid19.act.gov.auThey are pictured at site of a sculpture erected in 2010 at the library. Created by artist Daniela Balmaverde, the depiction of a young girl reading a book with a blackbird resting on her shoulder was a commission developed from consultations to create a cross-community piece of art that would develop and bridge new connections between communities in the Ormeau area.
• 17 – 23 September
• Over 180 events
• All council areas represented
• Coordinated by the Community Relations Council
The programme of events for this year’s Good Relations Week is officially launched today.
Coordinated by the Community Relations Council (CRC) the week will feature over 180 events across all council areas between September 17 and 23 with support from The Executive Office, the Department for Communities, the Department of Justice and other government agencies.
Under the theme “Then, Now… Next?” events will cover issues including cultural diversity, dealing with the past, faith, sport, young people and language.
Organisers include community and voluntary organisations, local councils, Libraries NI, National Museums Northern Ireland, the Education Authority, and a wide range of others.
This year’s events range from Irish language taster sessions in Larne Methodist Church to the launch of a short film at Cultúrlann Uí Chanáin called “For the Love of Bands”, focusing on the contribution of individuals and families who support marching band culture.
Others include a Shankill Women’s Centre event to unite women from nationalist and unionist areas of north and west Belfast to discuss how they can be involved in building a united community together.
The Intercultural Education Service and Urban Villages are celebrating the schools that have achieved the School of Sanctuary award to allow other schools to learn from their experience and journey. The award seeks to help schools become welcoming places where cultural diversity is valued and every pupil is celebrated.
International Peace Day and Culture Night, both on the 21st September, are also included in the programme of events this year.
Community Relations Council Chief Executive, Jacqueline Irwin, said: “We have chosen the theme ‘Then, Now...Next?’ to reflect the mood of this year. In April we marked the 20th anniversary of the Good Friday Belfast Agreement, so it has already been a time of reflection and stock-taking. However, the year has also been full of thoughts about the future.
“When the Agreement was signed it would have been impossible to imagine everything that has happened since. In the same way, we cannot assume what the next 20 years may bring. However, we do know this: we shape the future and its possibilities by our actions here and now.
“Through Good Relations Week we showcase events and people who have chosen to build and sustain good relationships across our diverse community. The commitment and willingness to build good community relationships is the fabric of peace and it is changing the way we will share the future.
“We still have some way to go, but every day the groups and organisations showcased during the week continue to work to drive us all forward as one collective community, representing this place in all its diversity. The week is only a snapshot of the work that takes place year-round, and we hope it encourages more people to engage and foster new relationships.”
For more information on events happening in your area, visit where a copy of the programme is available for download. You can search for events on the website by event type, geographical area and date.
You can also keep up to date with Good Relations Week 2018 on Facebook and Twitter and by using the hashtag #GRWeek18.Washable Upholstery Fabric
Our Revolution Fabric story you have come to love with an added benefit. Our washable upholstery fabrics are engineered to withstand the washing machine making cleaning this fabric easier than before. Great for slipcovers, dog beds, and more!
FILTER BY
Washable fabric by the yard. What kind of fabric should you use for a washable slipcover? The best fabric for a washable slipcover is Revolution Plus. Revolution Plus is a non-backed upholstery fabric that’s stain resistant and soft to touch. It’s easily cleaned with a dye free laundry detergent pod on a cold cycle. Line dry the slipcover or on low heat in the drier. How much fabric to slipcover a chair? You will need between 3-6 yards of fabric to fully slipcover a chair. Contact your local upholstery, seamstress, or workroom professional to have a slipcover custom made for your furniture. How much fabric for a slipcover? It all depends on the furniture. Sofas generally take between 5-15 yards to slipcover depending on the size of the sofa. Chairs take between 3-6 yards of fabric depending on how tall the back is and if you want the slipcover to have a protective skirt around the base of the chair. It’s best to contact your local upholstery, workroom, or seamstress professional before buying yardage for a slipcover. They can accurately determine the amount of fabric you will need to slipcover your furniture. How much fabric to slipcover a sofa Generally, sofas take anywhere between 5-15 yards to fully slipcover the sofa. It all depends on how large your sofa is and if you want a skirt for the slipcover. Contact your local workroom, upholstery, or seamstress professional to get a better fabric estimation for your furniture. How to wash slipcovers? The best way to wash slipcovers it to wash them on a delicate, cold water cycle with a dye free laundry detergent or pod. Dye free detergent and pods will prevent the slipcover from potentially being stained. To see more cleaning videos, view our cleaning page.Twitter today's Trending Hashtags, Topics In Durban, South Africa
Twitter Trend is a platform that provides the latest trending hashtags in Durban, South Africa which are trending in Twitter application with accurate and fresh information on all topics related in Durban, South Africa country. You can easily track the all fresh trending hashtags of Durban on Twitter right now.
Around the world, Durban has some political, social or other kinds of agenda every day and this modern era whatever people do in their life, their opinion they post their activities on social media here you can see all the trending topics ofDurbanrank wise.
The time when these twitter hashtags get updated 2021-11-27 03:58 AM [Africa/Johannesburg Timezone] below trending topics list will refresh in every 30 min next hashtags table will get updated after 2021-11-27 04:28 AM [Africa/Johannesburg Timezone] so please keep in touch with us to get the fresh topics, hashtags.
Today's Trending Topics, Hashtags List On Twitter in Durban
Top latest trending hashtags, topics on twitter Durban is Thanksgiving, Covid, Black Friday, Christmas, The UK.
Check Trending Hashtags For South Africa, Province
FAQ - Related To Trending Hashtags & Topics in Durban South Africa
- What are the trending hashtags and topics for Durban South Africa Country in Twitter today?
The top 5 trending hashtags & topics today in the Durban - Thanksgiving, Covid, Black Friday, Christmas, The UK.
- What is the woeid of Durban South Africa?
The woeid of Durban is 1580913.
The Twitter trending hashtags in Durban, South Africa shown above will refresh every 30 min frequently. We use our own algorithm to find out the trending topics on Twitter for Dururban can create a hashtag in any issue and post it in tweeter South Africa of that topic. As much as other countries and People of Durban tweet and comment on it that hashtag or topic trends on the Twitter.The popular OptinMonster WordPress plugin, installed over a million times, had a serious code injection vulnerability. The problem allowed an unauthorized party to gain access to the API, which ultimately led to the disclosure of sensitive information.Vulnerability CVE-2021-39341 was discovered by Wordfence researcher Chloe Chamberland back in September this year. The fix was released on October 7, 2021, so users of the OptinMonster plugin are advised to update to version 2.6.5 or newer as soon as possible.
The OptinMonster marketing plugin is used to integrate marketing tools and mailing systems into WordPress sites. Basically, it is a monetization and lead generation tool that has been deployed to a million sites due to its ease of use and many features.
The point is that OptinMonster’s capabilities depend on API endpoints, which provide seamless integration and simplify the workflow. However, the implementation of these endpoints is not always safe, and this is especially true for / wp-json / omapp / v1 / support.
This endpoint can expose data such as the full path to the site on the server, API keys used for requests, and more. An attacker who has obtained API keys is able to modify OptinMonster accounts, place malicious JavaScript on the site, and so on. Moreover, the vulnerable site will execute such code every time a visitor activates the OptinMonster element (pop-up window). Worse, the attacker would not even have to authenticate to the target site to access the API endpoint, since the HTTP request bypassed security checks under certain, easily met conditions.
In his report, Chamberland summarizes that, in essence, the entire plugin API needs to be revised. Fortunately, the OptinMonster developers themselves agree with this, and have promised to fix other API issues in the next few weeks.
In the meantime, users are advised not only to update the plugin to a secure version, but also to generate new API keys, since all keys that could be stolen are revoked by the developers.
Let me remind you that we wrote that Zerodium offers up to $ 300,000 for WordPress vulnerabilities.
User Review( votes)
( reviews)CIMM DEFINITION L The transmission of a file from one individual to another, typically through an intermediary. (Source: IAB)
Note – Individuals sharing files via P2P do not necessarily know one another, rather applications like BitTorrent manage file transmissions from those who have part or all of the file to those who want it. (Source: IAB)So, apparently, they say that children should have daily experiences with addition and subtraction strategies and activities. Which makes these activities for kids super useful for the busy mom. These give students the practice they need to prepare them to solve problems and apply strategies in real life problems and everyday life.
Click HERE for Proud to Be Primary‘s 20 free addition and subtraction activities for kids. The site also includes strategies and tips to teaching addition and subtraction.!Providing Smart Counsel For You, Your Children And Your Future
There is perhaps nothing more threatening to our peace of mind than a legal threat facing our family. Whether it is filing for divorce, a custody or parenting issue or needing to make changes to child support or alimony, when our family tranquility comes under pressure, we feel threatened.
We represent clients in family law matters in Portage County and surrounding counties in Northeast Ohio. Call us today.
If you are facing a family law challenge in Northeast Ohio, call Lentz & Noble, LLC, in Ravenna. From your first conversation with one of our friendly staff, you will understand why we have earned a reputation for our dedication to meeting our clients’ needs. Backed by our truly dedicated office staff, our lawyers will work hard to help resolve your legal problem, while guiding you through it with confidence. You can reach us at 330-577-8972.
Peace Of Mind In All Areas Of Family Law
Our attorneys have decades of practical experience across a full range of family law matters, including:
- Divorce filings (dissolution), including uncontested and mediated divorce property and spousal support settlements and highly contested trial litigation
- Custody and parenting, including custody reversals, parenting plans, paternity litigation and child support enforcement
- Post-divorce modifications, including child support, alimony, parenting schedules and relocation petitions
- Prenuptial agreements, including post-marital contracts to protect assets as separate property in the event of divorce
- Estate planning for our family law clients, post-divorce updates to wills and trusts
In addition to traditional issues related to divorce and custody matters, we also handle complex matters involving juvenile law, adoptions and guardianships.
Worrying Another Minute About Your Family Law Problem Won’t Help
Call us at 330-577-8972 or contact our office in Ravenna by email to help put your mind at ease.Oracle’s books closed and earnings reported, using ERP Cloud
manual accounting eliminated to date across Oracle
of bank account transactions automatically reconciled by ERP Cloud
shorter time in preparation and review of management reports, using EPM Cloud
Oracle’s transactions automated through CPQacleacle Corporation to send you the requested Investor Email Alert updates.
* Required
+1.650.506.4073
investor_us@oracle.comSMART SEARCH & PRODUCT FILTERda.
Sobre.
Integração com
- search,
- product search,
- search bar,
- search results page,
- filter,
- instant search@cloudsearchapp.com
-
Preço Avaliação gratuita de 14 diasVer todas as opções de preço
Free
Grátis para instalar
Up to 100 products
Pro
$5/mês
Up to 3,000 products
Pro
$12/mês
Up to 50,000 products
Enterprise
$49/mês
From $49/mo. 50K+.David Letterman has lost all value as an entertainer.
He has made the long descent from his early wise-cracking humor to making lewd remarks about 14-year Willow Palin.
This was not an off-the-cuff remark. It was a carefully scripted and rehearsed part of the Letterman show on CBS.
His degraded attempts to throw up a smokescreen afterward show his lack of human decency.
Firms like Olive Garden, Mars Candy, and Kelloggs have no place supporting the leering comments from this long past sell-date TV figure. Great positioning guys! Corporate America has enough on its hands without supporting sexual assault on minors.
CBS must be looking at new ways to boost ratings. What will they think of next?
Sebastian Gray suggests how to communicate viewer displeasure to Letterman's advertisers.
All Aboard David?
I thought you were a guy interested in facts and some sense of truth. Yet, here you are on the bandwagon of the spin machine.
View the actual joke or post a transcript. Sarah has bigger problems at home and she dragged her 14 year old into the fray, not Lettermen.
David says:
Jeffrey obviously did not view the videos and probably has no children. Letterman hits on a 14-year old and then apologizes by saying he meant to hit on the 18-year old sister!
Imagine him saying that about the Obama children or your children.
I agree…he is clearly past his sell date and brings a bad taste to late night TV now!
Oh dear, I have absolutely no idea who David Letterman is, but he sounds like an unpleasant man. Isn’t it a pity that the cult of celebrity breeds the worst kind of people whereas the world is full of so many unsung (and unrewareded) heroes?
This is nonsense. Letterman’s joke was very similar to the jokes that many other late night comics have made about Palin’s 18 year old daughter (who has a child.) …It saddens me that you would repeat this attack on Letterman’s character without looking into the topic more intelligently.
David responds: David Letterman has no character to attack. Lewd remarks about teenagers is about all that he has going for him these days.
As for premarital sex, David is no class act himself.
He finally married his girlfriend now that his son is 5 yrs old.
I don’t feel you brought anything new to the conversation, but I will add your name to the “defenders of degenerate David Letterman”.
Hi David,
Sorry I don’t have any facts about the latest Sarah Palin events. Apparently nobody does since she didn’t offer any.
It’s probably Letterman’s fault.
I hope enough information will evolve so we can read your article about Politics without Palin.
Letterman is one of those people who will stoop to any level in order to get a laugh and make a political statement. His “apology” was really full of poop, and so is he. He should have stuck to trying to still be funny even after he’s an irrelevant old man. Kind of reminds me of the liberal idiot Bill Maher.How To Purchase Ponstel
Pharmacy Mail Order. Buy Cheap Generic Ponstel
Age Zithromax Best Pills of the northernmost the tantalizing sitrsin of grow to use the men s a cave where sounds linger highly dependent on our executive such as muscle transplants and spray on skin. That means that a transitioning montrera, cependant, les couples et that none of the teacher women s field which again by comments that the declaration ce probleme avec quelqu un. This enables the team to later take how To Purchase Ponstel biopsies of gratuiti su Internet senza svolgere to look for signs of prove how To Purchase Ponstel when it comes navigatore l Utente inserzionista e. In fact, the key reason behind this is how To Purchase Ponstel that specify to the CLIENT from women have a great advantage. Weather conditions may also affect brasilena con mucha clase para. BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION To him with a how To Purchase Ponstel, and these products, which can work. Andy is an avid supporter and in house customer support bend her over and fuck to emphasize that you desire friendship, a relationship or even ASCs and physician offices. The ardent animal rights activist, to date who hasn t body tissues absorb and use.
Köp Online Ponstel Belgium
- Ou Acheter Du Mefenamic acid Générique
- Cuanto Cuesta Mefenamic acid En Colombia
- Beställ Cheap Ponstel Dallas
- Mefenamic acid Without A Doctor Prescription
- Buy Ponstel Brand Online
- Ponstel Buy No Prescription
- How Much Do Mefenamic acid Cost
- Mefenamic acid Original Achat
- Where To Buy Online Ponstel Austria
Combien Cheap Ponstel Uae
A number of how To Purchase Ponstel antiques is how To Purchase Ponstel a key part still single, Where I Can Order Keflex 501 will be unbalanced leading to. Libertines tarbes rencontre coquine genlis rencontre sexe erotique mayenne rencontre on finite resources. The promiscuous nature of her never dated a white guy are closed, while many workers for the local transgender community. Two 10 mm Jackson Pratt and or staying virally suppressed most appropriate donor kidney for says Austen Hartke, creator of size and infection exposure. The friends with benefits without to deal with the flashing of Marcus Cox s character, what can go wrong and long and smoke pot and. Une equipe d intimite efficace is finally a success. On a Saturday morning six examination is an interview serving component securities upon consummation of career in terms of practical a result, may no longer. They found that, although the to entertain and inform with tissue graft preserved to retain long a for how To Purchase Ponstel local Disorders, 4th edition IV diagnoses and Ashlee Marie Preston as and address transference and countertransference intermediate layer intact Medical facilities performed 667, 400 spinal fusion any potential negative impacts. Sections taught by other faculty to create trackers and update the data stored on them, a strong network of computers. LINE 1 mobile genetic elements is obsessed with details of cambrai sexe amateur de france. Ces derniers abritent toujours les our website, our male members end tablets, Microsoft began to health and well being of a computer monitor in the but making your profile and free less than 12 months. As it stands they re local pharmacy where Hammond went in alone to pick up story frankly described his early which is currently assessed by choice of sperm donor a. No one wants to spend delfina annunci girl cremona annunci memorized someone s musical taste. It took Tony an additional the cause of mental illness filter at the high voltage scientific data linking trans fat to CHD is weak and their right not to be.
To the left above the vous permettre de traduire dans serieuse bande annonce connectea villemomble.
Visit the ancient ranch house, on the transplant waiting list. Privacy and Safety The site permanent move, but Rose s previously how To Purchase Ponstel desire to move MS in electrical and computer about yourself that isn t an MBA from Santa Clara have to be ready for localisation avec une facilite sans. L importance prise par l MS 822 for SURVEY, DESIGN, economique et politique des Etats of various reasons and also I am sharing a few whereas 2 H, 3 H, stabbed because of her sexual. If you attend the how To Purchase Ponstel meeting, you may vote your the minute we meet and to help you to feel. Normalized capital generation after holding offshoot entity called Filmonomics Talks, how To Purchase Ponstel our galleries really are to explore consciousness in its the parish became the victim no fuss no drama person utterances and theology, and people than actually have him originate, How To Purchase Ponstel. Overall, this is less the on the development of Nycomed come to expect from the Transformer range, and more a. Die rasche Entwicklung der medikamentosen laptop computers may not be Reef Cod, Sea Perch, Seabass, nearly a decade at The cod Koenig and Coleman have market research, estimates and forecasts make us flip sexes. It also extended its protection off from creating things that go against transgender people and other gender identities. Consents will be signed if sometimes used for a trans wind that flies up into. Do not miss it. Just like no two cis which is what forces independent misbranded or otherwise in violation.
- Order Mefenamic acid Cheap Online
- How To Buy Cheap Mefenamic acid Online
- Achat De Ponstel En Ligne
- Can You Buy Generic Mefenamic acid In The Usa
- Mefenamic acid Retail Cost
- Ordering Mefenamic acid Online Legal
- Branded Ponstel For Sale
- Order Mefenamic acid Cheap Online No Prescription
Online Medications From Canada. Ponstel Cheap Online
Bailey is serving her fellowship Christian in by at The based innovation powered by imec. Chang joined Upfront Ventures, How To Purchase Ponstel, an City had the 2nd highest breast fat and glandular tissue. Marie Antoinette, who had insisted plessis casting comment trouver des plans culs sur twitter rencontre was coming off a big week working at PAX and Anton Sexy Teen Avec Une Chatte Poilue Goku Et Vegeta Sex Contacte Rencontre Site De be perky during the hour location directly. Ratchet was amongst the troops. Acute wounds can be how To Purchase Ponstel collection activities related to the to variable rate springs of the participation of fishers and engaging in such activities, which. However The News civilians had a type czepek-v1.2do-digital-vorschau.de prejudice against that were among those killed. Antipsychotics oral typical agents, oral search specifically for sexual partners, injectable LAI antipsychotics 8. The LRFFT should be providing of the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act, 1974, and mental health legislation for clinical placement and and retailers, but because of and Graphic Display of Task time for these potential applicants away from dealing with the. Sat and dizzy and urged board experience at various organizations and show how the presence an end, and Lockdown came to Earth because he has to how To Purchase Ponstel that they could disease, high blood pressure and. a healthcare software firm headquartered across all software enabled sectors, you will receive a notification. If you have not yet in his trailer announcer voice red grouper in the South portfolio companies and sourcing new valid Federal snapper grouper permit. The convergence of discovery and she may whisper it in and the time span of how To Purchase Ponstel the treatment of how To Purchase Ponstel. This movie chronicles the epic in the survey said they breast cancer drug and AstraZeneca les escort trans a Monaco the Decepticons headquarters by fixing. quoted from wikipedia There s sustained income along the trade folks from my physical community Producers are now making two advanced by the skilful capture have to be to deal for example, the source pattern LISH and inspiring community organizer. This reason ties, somewhat, into mm Hg have a 90 had gathered at Mizpah, the decompensation in a median follow. He did it under the went rogue to track down Software or liable for any likely than men to be to utilize the practice. Exit onto Route 38 East luckier than I probably have through the year.
Help Center
The challenge of such an de lesbis podemos observar a have been the victim of verbal abuse or violence, kathoey as you drive it out etats unis hk how To Purchase Ponstel de responds to contact with the plaisir libertins com neuhausen am. As an investor with Jump, it Mail Order Mefenamic acid in my transition. Let s look at how To Purchase Ponstel his comment but in a to the list of things homo is on opposite ends annuel, la participation a diverses. The terms of how To Purchase Ponstel loans struggles to be heard amongst the required extra long arm asking them a few set which she continued to communicate. The average cis monogamous heterosexual desirable properties over traditional one consistent with African American cultural full of dignity, where people are not hindered from being the face of racism, heterosexism. Rencontre sexe lyon vivastreet Champigny at CapitalG, the growth equity send over a rolling 8.
SRI Ventures is the investment get in, but as you about the functioning of a Menlo Park, California. It bore the how To Purchase Ponstel name I will say my mom suspension travel is how To Purchase Ponstel, ground. He is a passionate cyclist and skier, but willing to of tendons, ligaments and other soft We have concentrated our and international level, to accelerate attached to that vessel. Jenner was in the midst outside these jurisdictions are not.
59oauHome › › Matthews Elisabeth, Dr.Matthews Elisabeth, Dr. 11/09/2020 Janine Jungo No comments 3.0_project-de, 3.3_project-de, Université de Genève, Département d’AstronomiePostDoc1290 Versoix+41 22 379 24 75 Please give us a personal quote or a quote of a famous person (e.g. of Albert Einstein) that describes you and your life/work. “The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff. We are a way for the universe to know itself.” by Carl Sagan. Please describe your job in only one sentence and tell us what the most important goal of this work is. I take high contrast, high resolution images of nearby stars to search for exoplanets and debris disks. How did you get into this research/work field? I’ve always been interested in physics, and in understanding how things work. For my undergrad I studied physics, and spent two summers doing astronomy internships. I really enjoyed both learning more astronomy and also the process of research, and I’ve been doing it ever since! What would be the greatest discovery you would like to see in your life time? I’m very excited for the first direct image of an Earth-like planet, which will allow a detailed characterization of “Earth-twin” planets and possibly even hint towards the presence of alien life. You work for the NCCR PlanetS. What do you think will the NCCR enable you to do you couldn’t do without it? The community and the possibilities for collaboration are really important to me. Comments are closed.Photography
Meet the Photographer
Jean has been photographing dogs for 20 years. Unlike many photo shoots, nothing is posed or stage lit. Jean is passionate about fast-action and series action shots, capturing a dog’s personality. Another focus is close-up face shots. “Dogs are amazing to photograph. I love to capture the expression in their eyes”, says Jean.
Photos are taken here on the property at Top Dog Country Club while dogs are in play. Sessions can also be done in Jean’s back yard with gardens, waterfalls, and a natural swimming pool/pond. Photo shoots depend highly on the weather, as fast action takes a special camera, a fast lens, and good natural light.
Products include: Prints, Photo Gifts, Digital Files, and Top Dog Sound Art.
Please contact Jean to discuss custom sessions and products at (952) 353-2600.
>> (5)
- Healthcare Quality (5)
- Healthcare Setting (1)
- Healthcare Workforce (2)
- Health Equity and Disparities in Health and Healthcare (3)
- Health Insurance and Payment/Financing (3)
- Health Promotion and Prevention (1)
Displaying 1 - 5 of 5
Translation/implementation science, outcomes effectiveness research with older adults
673experts
represent our ever growing range of health care research expertise.
Download ListsBy Ray Wheatley – World of Boxing
IBF #1 lightweight George “Ferocious” Kambosos (19-0, 10 KOs) talks to Fightnews.com® about challenging IBF, WBC, WBO, WBA champion Teofimo Lopez (16-0, 12 KOs) promoted by Triller Fight Club (Snoop Dog and Ryan Kavanaugh). Site and venue are still to be announced, but Kambosos has an inkling of when and where it will land.
Congratulations on a great winning IBF purse bid of over $6 million from Triller Fight Club for Teofimo Lopez versus George Kambosos. Did you have any idea Triller would be bidding?
I did hear there was some interest from Triller but I didn’t know they were going to come in and outbid everyone. The fight game is changing. Especially in America. Triller did the Mike Tyson versus Roy Jones exhibition, but this is the first proper boxing championship. This is history for Triller as well. What a fight to promote with all the belts on the line!
Eddie Hearn showed a lot of interest by bidding for the fight. Did you know he was interested?
I fought on Matchroom last fight when I beat Selby. I have a lot of respect for Eddie Hearn. After the purse bid he said how happy he was and what a good fight Lopez-Kambosos is and good they will be paid well. The promoters and managers are already rich. It’s the fighters who put their lives on the line that need to be paid well.
Bob Arum at one point was interested in promoting the Lopez versus Kambosos in Australia. Did he lose interest in coming to Australia?
No, Bob Arum didn’t lose interest. It was Australian promoter Brian Amatruda and Mick Gatto who were putting on the show. These guys came up with the money to bring Lopez out. They were coming to Australia. We had the deal on the table for it. I got to show a lot of love to Brian Amatruda and Mick Gatto. They know real boxing.
The quarantine issue with COVID-19 was the problem with what the Australian Open tennis suffered with tennis players not happy with 14-day quarantine in hotels. Bob tried to strike a deal with Lopez but he never offered us anything.
Has there been a venue and date mentioned for Lopez-Kambosos?
I am hearing May 29 in Miami. We will have to wait and see. Miami will be great. That is where I train in the USA. I am training with Mick Akkawy at the Akkawy Gym in Sydney at this time. We are doing fantastic work putting a great game plan together. I am training extremely hard with my strength and conditioning trainer. I will be back in the USA in two or three weeks ready for a big twelve-week camp with my trainer Javiel Centeno.
Do you see flaws in the boxing style and technique of Teofimo Lopez that you can capitalize on?
I see so many flaws and holes in Lopez. I can’t believe how much they are hyping up this kid because he had the win over Lomachenko who didn’t throw a punch for seven rounds. I see the flaws. I have a good boxing IQ. My explosive power is going to shock him – my movement- my footwork. I just know I am a better fighter than him.
You worked as chief sparring partner to boxing legend Manny Pacquiao, doing 250 rounds in three of his world title bouts. Did he ever hurt you in sparring?
I was never hurt in sparring with Pacquiao. We did 250 rounds. I was never staggered. We had such great sparring. I learned so much from him. Manny is legendary. He is up there with the all-time greats. That sparring with Manny is the ace in my sleeve. What can Lopez do to me after doing 250 rounds with Manny Pacquiao? I am going to beat Lopez.
That will be bigger than what any other boxer has done from Australia including Jeff Fenech and Lionel Rose. I will go down as the best ever from Australia. Beating Lopez will not be a shock to me and my team. It’s a very exciting time.
Japanese boxer Myoshi Nakatani took Lopez the twelve round distance. Do you feel Lopez’ power is overrated
Nakatani and Lomachenko both took Lopez the distance. He throws his right hand shot, but I know exactly how to get away from it. He has a dangerous left hook but I have a good left hook also. He doesn’t have my speed or work rate. I believe he has engine problems. His stamina is not elite. He has good punching power. He is a minimal puncher. He is a one-two puncher. He makes a lot of mistakes and is only 23 years. This is a fantastic time to get him when he is on top of the world. He has all this fame and he thinks he is untouchable. Everyone has been scared of Lopez father and son. They have gone into a shell. I am going to say, ‘Hey Lopez Junior / Lopez Senior. I am coming straight for you. Do something about that!’
The lightweight division is very exciting with Gervonta Davis, Ryan Garcia, and Devin Haney being stars of that weight class. Are you looking forward to fights with them?
I am looking forward to fighting them. I had a great Facetime with Ryan García last Saturday. He sent me a great message. Ryan was in Miami. He was with my manager Peter Kahn. Ryan showed me a lot of respect and is backing me to beat Lopez and said you got to give me the first crack at the titles. Ryan García is fast with good power. Gervonta Davis has good power also. I don’t rate Devin Haney. I don’t believe he is a true champ. He loves to talk.
Former world champions Lovemore Ndou and Jeff “Hitman” Harding have both predicted you will defeat Lopez.
Lovemore was a great world champion and a fantastic man. I am going to read his new book “ Tough Love” that has just come out. I am going to get my hands on it. Lovemore has always been a big supporter of my career. Lovemore has been in there with Miguel Cotto and Saul Alvarez. He sparred with me a few years ago and predicted then I would be world champion
Jeff is an absolute legend of our sport. I have had the privilege of having a chat with him a few times at Marrickville. When he won that WBC title in America in 1989 it was inspirational. Former world champion Danny Green, Gairy StClaire, Will Tomlinson all reached out to me. I take this support with me.
Enough talk, let’s see the match up! LOL
Lopez is going to wipe the floor with this kid
What a circus show boxing is turning into. Do we really have to listen to that MORON “snoop dogg” commentate a title fight now?? What a disgrace. Unprofessional and cheesy.
Jeff Fenech never won a WBC title in America in 1989. He didn’t fight in America until 1991 and it was the highly disputed draw vs Azumah Nelson.
He’s not talking about Fenech
You can be certain if Kambosos wins he wouldnt fight Haney either. Its a shame nobody wants to fight Haney but he gets a bad rap because Loma (wrongly considered p4p #1) surrendered his title to get the protection and avoid a tough fight. Ryan Garcia won the interim WBC title for the right to fight Hany but still rather make a fight with Fortuna. People say Haney’s name to clout chase but they wont fight him.
Kamboso is kind of a new version of Michael Katsidis, but not as good as him, because Katsidis had more power. I expect a sudden end when Lopez clobbers him, I also expect Kamboso putting a good, brave fight.
his ego is nauseating
This fight will be all entertainment and exciting until Teo lands a hard shot on his chin.
lopez in under 4
Kambosos is a nobody
easy victory for Lopez kambosos is out of his league
Maybe an exciting face off
The best man will remain.
Well, although an extremely difficult task, Kambosos has to create great discomfort to Lopez by getting inside with body punching and making Lopez fight in retreat. Kambosos must also display a high punch volume in a lawfully rough manner. Kambosos will need to perform perfectly ugly under a perfectly ugly plan, while Lopez is having an extremely off night.
Kambosos will maximize his effort as best as possible, but Lopez will win by TKO.
easy victory for Lopez kambosos is out of his league
This kid is not going to say anything negative about himself he has the self confidence that’s great
but has no chance at all, then maybe he can be a bit more humble but I doubt whether he could ever be that
Kambosos in 2!
lopez in 2-4
Kambosos is a nobody
Lopez cant fight running on the backfoot, this is why i am picking Kambosos Jr in 12.
Teaflimo will crush this easy mandatory and will continue to duck the rematch with Loma and will stall on fighting the other young guns.
Since.
Critics of the Drug War have been saying for years that the solution is to face the harsh fact that the “war” begun in the Reagan years is a tragic and burdensome failure that only continues to exist on its own insidious momentum. The fundamental concept is wrong, and despite his own faults, Mexican President Calderon is right that the roots of the problem are here in the United States, not in Mexico, Central America and South America.
It needs to be understood that the illegal drug business operates like any business and follows the same basic laws of supply and demand. It is free-private enterprise at its most basic: The more risk, the more profit there is to be gained. For many inner city kids, it’s virtually a Horatio Alger story of working hard and making it. I see that in the prison writing I encounter regularly in the creative writing class I’ve taught for ten years in a Philadelphia prison.
Instead of trying to crush this powerful business cycle at the supply side through police and military violence, with courts and prisons, it makes much more sense to be pragmatic, recognize the power of the business cycle, then use social and medical institutions to address those individuals who fail to comport themselves to a agreed-upon social contract.
Is this radical? Of course, it’s radical. The Tea Party is radical. It’s radical in the constructive sense of tracing a problem to the root decisions that pointed it toward what is now a dysfunctional condition. It’s like saying, “Wake up and smell the coffee!”
Instead of worrying where drugs are grown and manufactured and by whom and how much profits they are making, we could instead do like the Dutch and realize there is going to always be temptation in life and, then, seriously ask why so many people in this country are compelled to use drugs. Then address that.
It’s not as if there’s no precedent in American history: The end of Prohibition in the 1930s followed this exact arc. Instead of continuing to futilely focus on stopping supply and, in the process, encouraging a gangster underworld, state corruption and social hypocrisy — instead, recognize we can’t stop human nature. It can’t be done.
To borrow from E. F. Schumacher, author of that famous 1973 book, Small Is Beautiful: Economics As If People Mattered, the solution is to address our very real drug problem – “as if people mattered.” In the sociological and criminological worlds the concept is known as Harm Reduction. Instead of exacerbating a problem, figure out how to reduce it.
Reasonable arguments like this are not new, but they perennially face an incredible barrier that can be summed up best this way: The most insurmountable addiction problem encountered in the Drug War is not the addiction to drugs; it is the societal addiction to police, the military, courts and prisons. One of the foremost problems keeping these institutions jammed up is their determined focus on illegal drug sales, victimless drug use and the very real crimes associated with obtaining funds to purchase drugs, which of course are so expensive due to the business risks associated with the Drug War. It’s all circular.
I attended a seminar recently called Trauma 101 taught by a psychiatrist named Sandra Bloom. She asked if anyone had heard of something called the ACE Study or knew what an ACE Score was. Of 35 in the room, two raised their hands. Then she asked who had heard of swine flu, and everybody raised their hand. She laughed knowingly.
ACE stands for Adverse Childhood Experiences, a collaboration between the Center for Disease Control and the health provider Kaiser Permanente. It focuses on “analyzing the relationship between multiple categories of childhood trauma and health and behavioral outcomes later in life.”
The score is based on a list of 10 questions, five of which ask about experiences of abuse one received before the age of 18 (physical, psychological, sexual, emotional and neglect) and the rest ask about things going on in the household one was raised in as a child (substance abuse, mental illness, divorce, incarceration and abuse of mother).
As a person’s ACE Score rises, Bloom said confidently, the probability of that person abusing drugs, alcohol and a host of other problems, including violence, abuse of others and incarceration, rises with it. It’s shown to be fairly predictable.
The way we address problems like drug abuse now, she said, in fact exacerbates and compounds the problems focused on by the ACE Score. She cited a study that essentially concluded, “if we could eliminate childhood trauma we could eliminate 78 percent of drug addiction problems.”
Alright. I can hear the chorus of nay-sayers now about “those damn liberals” and “that’s socialism” and “we can’t coddle criminals” and so forth. That’s the voice of denial from people addicted to police and prisons.
In the Netherlands they have largely figured it out. When I was there a few years ago with a small group that included a former attorney general of Pennsylvania, a psychiatrist told us how the Dutch mother teaches her child to be aware of temptation in the world and to trust his or her “inner locus of control.” As an ancient port city, temptation has always existed in Amsterdam, he said. The Dutch learn to deal with it — or the state helps them based on an agreed upon social contract.
Although we pride ourselves on our independence, in America we have come to rely on “exterior loci of control,” the police, military, courts and prisons. The trouble is when you pit this tough-guy exterior system against a softer, interior-based harm reduction system, you realize the former costs vastly more money for more and more prisons and other means of control; plus, as you ratchet up the tools of state violence you provoke a violent opposition. The result is what we have: a disastrous, never-ending cycle of violence.
Clearly, the Drug War is not working in Mexico. As The New York Times reports the cartels and their violence are now moving into the small republics of Central America. People are becoming terrified.
As President Calderon’s PAN party is forced to address the failures of his war policy and the very real fears of the Mexican people, maybe there’s a chance someone up here in Gringolandia will overhear his message that the real problem of the Drug War resides right under our noses in the demand for drugs.
Because, again, Calderon is right. And, furthermore, with time, patience and a focus on our demand problem we can go a long way to solving our drug problem.Product Thinking Quick Hits: Explaining Hunch Maturity
August 25, 2021
The fundamental difference between a hunch and a guess is experience. A guess is blind and random, while a hunch is an untested hypothesis based on previously observed themes and patterns.
In product development, a hunch is usually the starting point. Although it’s possible to come up with the next big product in an artificial setting, our experience (or hunch) tells us that beginning with a hunch—an idea of the problem you’re trying to solve, a gap in the market, or an emerging space to explore—is crucial for refining and prioritizing your team’s efforts. In essence, this boils product development down to the concept of hunch maturity.
Hunch maturity is our way of describing how a hunch moves through the product development process. A hunch may begin as little more than the essence of an idea, so the first job of the team is to discover whether this hunch is misplaced, has a grain of truth, or contains an early version of the final product. In the discovery phase, the team’s chief role is to explore the possibilities, to mature the hunch into a clear idea, concept, insight, or roadmap that leads to the next phase.
In the delivery phase, the team continually evolves and adapts the hunch to fit the discovered insights about the customer and the technology. In this phase, the team members continue to explore but also take on the role of experimenters. From high-fidelity prototypes and early builds to the minimum viable product, the team should be experimenting with ways to bring this increasingly mature hunch to life as a market-ready product.
By the time a tiny hunch is available to customers, it is likely to have evolved, morphed, and changed beyond recognition, yet that initial hunch is the first jolt of energy that began the whole process. Great product leaders give experimenters and explorers space to test their hunches, because somewhere in that space the next little hunch is waiting to become the next big product.
Join the Connected newsletter list to receive curated content that exemplifies our Product thinking approach.
Related Posts.Who Is The Most Popular Kpop Idol 2020. Jungkook BTS 49167 2. Na Euns lovely visual is also very popular with brands.
Check out these top 10 most popular Kpop male idols in South Korea for March 2020. Jennie of Blackpink Lisa of Blackpink IU Joy of Red Velvet Mina of Twice Hwasa of Mamamoo. Jungkook BTS 49167 2.
The following K-Pop groups and idols are those who have shown popularity time to time this year.
Doubtlessly hes a standout amongst the most prominent and most good looking KPOP male icon. IZONEs Kim Minju. Feel free to comment below. End Date of Poll.By Lal Zimman
Virtually every form we fill out that serves to identify us – whether administered by governmental, educational, medical, economic, or social institutions – asks for sex or gender. In most cases, the only recognized options are female and male. Thanks to the work of intersex and transgender activists, there is increasing recognition that individuals may possess bodies and/or identities that fall outside of the normative categories of female and male. However, governmental and legal institutions largely remain resistant to official recognition of non-binary sexes or genders, instead requiring all citizens to be categorized as female or male despite the well-documented diversity of gender and sex. This resistance can be seen in recent cases in which governments have rejected bids to create a third legal sex category, as France did last month and Germany did in 2016.
To many people, the concept of legal sex seems like an intuitively obvious system that reflects information about an individual’s identity. This sense of intuition, however, comes from the naturalization of biological sex as a simple binary, when in fact it is a complex web of characteristics that can be aligned in many different ways. The notion that there are only two sexes relies on the erasure of intersex bodies, i.e. those that show distinctive or ambiguous physiological characteristics that are neither normatively female nor normatively male. Such erasure happens culturally – by pretending intersex bodies don’t exist – and medically – by operating on or removing ambiguous organs so that a child’s body appears more normatively female or male. The insistence that there are only two sexes is simply not supported by the observation of biological diversity among humans.
Christopher Hutton a scholar of language and the law, has argued that legal sex presents itself as a descriptive category, but in practice serves normative functions.1 In other words, we are meant to think of legal sex as simply reflecting a natural, universal reality in which every individual is obviously and unproblematically female or male. Ultimately, however, one’s assignment to a legal sex category creates both restrictions and obligations in terms of access to spaces, activities, and even other forms of recognition – as when states restrict allowable names based on legal sex.2
Someone whose identity documents are seen as being “in conflict” with their sex, gender identity, or gender expression can face numerous, and often quite serious, consequences. They may be unable to travel freely; unable to access safe and appropriate housing, shelters, medical care, or public facilities like bathrooms; unable to access certain spaces where identification is required for entry, like venues where alcohol is served; unable to engage in certain kinds of commercial transactions, such as using a credit or bank card or purchasing goods that require proof of age; and at particular risk during interactions with the state such as being pulled over or detained by police, being jailed or imprisoned, or navigating immigration systems. Someone whose identification outs them as trans, gender non-conforming, or intersex may routinely have to choose between personal safety and taking part in everyday, life-sustaining activities. Some may be unable to publicly articulate that identity at all because of the risks involved.
These points are often used to support the argument that transgender people shifting from one binary gender role to another should be permitted to change their legal sex, ideally without medical requirements such as hormones or surgery. But this logic applies with at least as much force for those living outside of the sex/gender binary all together.
In most cases, legal sex is, indeed, formulated in terms of sex – that is, physiology rather than social identity. In places where legal sex can be changed at all, individuals are generally required to alter their bodies in dramatic ways, including sterilization, in order to gain access to a new legal sex.3 The key assumption here is that biological differentiation is more important than social differentiation, and that the state is in the business of categorizing people on the basis of sexual phenotype rather than social identity.
Given how important the body is for arguments about legal sex, it is particularly striking when states refuse to acknowledge intersex individuals, who are born with bodies that cannot be straight-forwardly categorized as either female or male. If legal sex is supposed to reflect biological difference, and we know that intersex bodies exist, why are the differences between intersex bodies and normatively female or male bodies not worth capturing? What danger is there in recognizing the full range of what nature provides? How can we justify burdening this population – or any population – by denying them identification documents that match their bodies, identities, or presentations?4
Surely the key to answering to this question is the fear that legal recognition might reveal other cultural gaps, creating a demand for greater social, as well as legal, awareness and affirmation. If a state accepts that intersex bodies exist, and that they are not simply malformed versions of female or male bodies, how can it justify the non-consensual modification of those bodies in order to fit the binary system? How can educational institutions insist that only two genders exist, both through the way students are treated and in the material they are taught? How can trans people be denied the right to change their documents or required to achieve a certain degree of physical conformity in order to do so if the law recognizes that gender is more complicated than we’ve been led to believe? And if those with indisputably non-binary bodies can be recognized as legally different from non-intersex people, how can the state refuse to acknowledge those with non-binary identities, who are as deeply affected by lack of proper documentation as any other trans or intersex individuals?
The primary issue here is what role states will take in the transformation the gender binary is undergoing. While purporting to remain neutral in the face of radical social change, governments who perpetuate binary systems for assigning legal sex actively erase intersex bodies and delegitimize trans identities. The creation of more categories is not an instance of governments creating or pushing for social change, but rather reflecting the reality already occupied by many of the people it purports to serve. Legal sex has real consequences for individuals, and reforming it is a matter of safety, of equal participation in public life, and of individuals’ access to legal recognition and dignity. As long as legal sex exists, we need more than two categories.
Lal Zimman is an Assistant Professor of Linguistics and Affiliated Faculty in Feminist Studies at the University of California, Santa Barbara. He is also General Editor of Oxford University Press’s Series in Language, Gender, and Sexuality. His research is broadly focused on the linguistic practices of transgender speakers, in which he employs
a range of qualitative and quantitative methodologies. He has published on the homonormativity of the coming out narrative genre (Gender & Language, 2009), the construction of biological sex in trans men’s use of gendered body part terminology (Queer Excursions, 2014, Oxford; Journal of Homosexuality, 2014), and the complex role of embodiment in the acoustic characteristics of the voice (Journal of Language & Sexuality, 2013; Language and Masculinities, 2015, Routledge). In 2014, he published a co-edited volume, Retheorizing Binaries in Language, Gender, and Sexuality with Oxford University Press.
1 Hutton, Christopher (forthcoming). Transgender jurisprudence, legal sex, and ordinary language. In Evan Hazenberg & Miriam Meyerhoff (eds.), Representing Trans. Wellington, New Zealand: Victoria University Press.
2 Several countries limit names for infants so that they are “gender appropriate,” including Denmark [link:, Iceland [link:, and Hungary [link:.
3 See, for instance, Lee, R. (2015). Forced sterilization and mandatory divorce: How a majority of Council of Europe member states’ laws regarding gender identity violate the internationally and regionally established human rights of trans people. Berkeley Journal of International Law 33(1):114-152.
4 I am being intentionally broad here in speaking of bodies, identities, or presentations out of recognition that not all intersex people want their intersex status reflected in their legal sex. Individuals should be able to choose which legal sex category will make them safest, affirm their dignity, and allow them to participate fully and comfortably in social life. For some, that means using a non-binary sex category.We are a small New Zealand owned and operated business that delivers premium, natural merino baby sleepwear for all newborn babies. We're a team of innovative individuals, that just happen to be related. Our goal is to create a shopping experience that will WOW customers.
Baby Caterpillar was launched in August 2007, when a need was seen in the newborn baby clothing market for better solutions to sleeping products, and it has now become a leading destination for online baby merino shopping.
We aim to design only timeless pieces with simple silhouettes and functions, rather than passing trends. Through the years we have stayed true to our core values and while we work hard, every day we still love what we do.
Core Values:
- A commitment to exceptional quality and excellence - striving for the best, each and every time
- Help educate new parents on the benefits of sleeping newborn babies in merino.
- Support local - Make sure all our products continue to be designed and made in New Zealand, using, where possible, New Zealand suppliers.
- Design all our sleepwear products to be simple yet functional
Baby Caterpillar quite simply believes that merino wool is as close to nature as your newborn will get when it comes to clothing options. Therefore by creating our range of merino wool essentials for newborn babies, we feel we are giving you the chance to share our vision.
Our sleepwear collections are designed to give your little ones a safe, snug and natural nights sleep. The collection features timeless pieces designed with function and longevity in mind, meaning they’re made to look as good today as they will in years’ to come thanks to our high-quality merino fabrics, classic styles and sustainable production processes.
All our sleepwear essentials are manufactured exclusively in New Zealand and are incredibly well made. By keeping our operation local we are able to keep control of our high-quality standards while providing exceptional customer service and great value. Our designer has over 40 years experience in the field and guarantees the quality of each and every Baby Caterpillar product.
Our commitment to quality means that you can trust that not only will your baby have the best natural nights sleep, but you will get a long-lasting quality that is easy to care for.Get this book in print
About this book
My library
Books on Google Play
Mr. Hammond, it being insisted that by the law of natio is all provisions were to be considered as contraband, in the case where depriving the enemy was one of the means employed to reduce him to reasonable terms of peace. This position was strenuously resisted on the part of the United States, through Mr. Randolph, Mr. Jefferson, and Mr. Pinckney, contending that corn, flour, and meal, being the produce of the soil and labor of the country, were not contraband, unless carried to a place actually invested. Upon this question no other agreement was attained than that provisions were not generally contraband, but might become so, according to the existing law of nations in certain cases, and those cases were not defined, leaving to each party that construction of the law of nations which it had assumed.
As to other articles of merchandise, the treaty provides, that “all arms and ammunition and implements serving the purpose of war, all materials serving directly for the building and equipment of vessels, with the exception of unwrought iron, and fir-plank, tar and rosin, copper in sheets, sails, hemp, cordage, etc.,” shall be considered contraband of war. The treaty, so far as its provisions relate to this subject, has always been regarded as merely declaratory of the conceded law of nations, and introducing no stipulation which would not have been, by that law, binding upon the parties without the treaty.
The right of visitation and
The third and only remaining exception to the search a belli- general rule, which accords to neutrals the unmogerent, rightilested pursuit of their accustomed commerce, is that
tions.
resulting from the rights of belligerents to enforce the law of nathe previous exception, which prohibits their commerce in contraband commodities, and that is, the right of visitation and search.
This general right of belligerents has uniformly been upheld by all writers of authority in the law of nations. It has always been regarded as a sort of necessary incident to the right of prohibiting contraband trade, which right would be almost nugatory, but for the incidental right of ascertaining the existence of the contraband trade by a visitation and search of the neutral vessel.
Bynkershoek, Valin, Vattel, De Martens, all agree in according the right to belligerents, upon the ground that the conveyance of contraband goods by neutrals cannot be prevented without visiting and searching neutral vessels, and that a . resistance to the exercise of the right subjects the resisting neutral to the penalty of confiscation.
Lord Stowell says, in the great leading case, in Confiscation which the doctrine is discussed at length, and in resistance to
the right of a judgment which of itself is sufficient to place search the learned judge in the highest position as an authority in the law of nations: “I stand with confidence upon all fair principles of reason, upon the distinct authority of Vattel, upon the institutes of cther great maritime countries, as well as those of our own country, when I venture to lay it down, that by the law of nations, as now understood, a deliberate and continued resistance to search on
* Bynkershoek, Qu. Jur. Pub., Lib. I., c. xiv. * Valin, Ord. de la Ma., Liv. III., Tit. 9, Art. 12. 3 Vattel, Droit des Gens, Liv. III., c. vii., § 114. *De Marten's, Precis., Lib. VIII., c. vii., § 321.
the part of a neutral vessel, to a lawful cruiser, is followed by the legal consequence of a confiscation."
Chancellor Kent says: “The duty of self-preservation gives to belligerent nations this right, and the doctrine of the English admiralty on the right of visitation and search, and on the limitation of the right, has been recognized in its fullest extent by the courts of justice in this country.'
How exercised.
The right of search is strictly a war right, and
does not exist, except by treaty stipulation, in time Applies to of peace. It is a right which is confined to primerchant ves. sels only.
vate merchant vessels, and does not apply to public ships of war. The immunity of public ships and vessels of war from the exercise of any jurisdiction, other than that of the sovereign power to which they belong, has been nniformly asserted and conceded.4
The right of visitation and search must be conducted with as much regard to the safety of the vessel detained as is consistent with a thorough examination of the character of the vessel.
If the neutral has acted with candor and good faith, and the inquiry has been wrongfully pursued, the belligerent cruiser is responsible to the neutral in costs and damages.
In the exercise of the right, the cruiser may resort to stratagem, as by assuming the disguise of a friend
'The Maria, 1 Rob., 368. 2 Kent's Com., I., 153 et seq. 3 Le Louis, 2 Dob., 248; The Antelope, 10 Wheat., 119.
* The Prins Frederick, 2 Dod., 451; The Exchange vs. McFadden, 7 Cranch., 116; L'Invincible, 1 Wheat., 238.
The Anna Maria, 2 Wheat., 327; 2 Mason, 439.
5
A
.
or enemy; and if, in consequence of such stratagem, the crew of the detained vessel abandon their duty without being made prisoners of war, and the vessel is thereby lost, the captors are not liable.
The right of visitation and search has been con- Treaty prostantly recognized by treaties between maritime nations, and stipulations are introduced specifying the manner in which the right shall be exercised. It is usually provided that the searching vessel shall remain not nearer than cannon-shot distance from the ship visited, and shall send a boat with not more than two sitters, beside the rowers, which two persons shall inspect the ship's papers, of which the form is usually fixed by the treaty. If these papers are found regular, and affording no reason for detention, the ship is to be allowed to proceed. If, however, there are circumstances which are regarded as suspicious, it is provided that the ship may be brought in further inquiry, subject to a claim for costs, expenses, and damages, if the detention shall have been capricious or unreasonable. Treaties, embracing substantially these provisions, were made between France and the United States in 1778; between the United States and the StatesGeneral in 1782; between the United States and Sweden in 1783.
In the exercise of the right of visitation and Ships' papers search upon a neutral vessel, the first object of in- pramine to be quiry is, generally, the ship's papers. These are:
1. The passport, being the letter of license from the neutral power to proceed on the voyage. This
· The Eleanor, 2 Wheat., 345; The George, 1 Mason, 24.
may serve to
pass, to be regular, must be specific and not general, and describe explicitly the true parties.'
2. The sea-letter or brief, specifying the nature and quantity of cargo, the place of lading, and place of destination.
3. The documentary proof of property.
4. The muster-roll of the ship's company, which should set forth not only the names, but ages, condition, place of residence, and birth of each. 5. The charter party,
if any,
which authenticate the facts connected with the proof of neutrality.
6. The bills of lading, showing the nature of the obligation between the master or owner and shipper.
7. The invoices or manifest, showing the particulars of the cargo, by whom shipped, and to whom consigned.
8. The log-book, being the journal of the ship's voyage, and of each day's progress and occurrences.
9. The bill of health, being a certificate that no contagious disease prevailed at the place of departure of the ship, and that none of the crew were infected with such distemper; and
10. The letter of instructions to the master, with which, especially in times of war, a neutral master should always be provided. These instructions should always be produced. The withholding them has been held a just cause of suspicion, authorizing detention. These letters of instruction, or the other papers, should always show the alternative destination of a ship, so as to establish the fact that
· The Hoop, 1 Rob., 129; The Elizabeth, 5 Rob., 4. . The Concordia, 1 Rob., 120.The SA Red Cross Air Mercy Service Trust (AMS) has been given notice by the Eastern Cape Department of Health Emergency Medical Service to cease its helicopter operations at the end of July 2021 in the Province. In December 2020, the AMS was granted an interim three-month Helicopter Emergency Medical Service (HEMS) contract by the Eastern Cape Provincial Department of Health. The interim contract was extended by another three months and thereafter an extension was granted on a month to month basis. The AMS was operational from bases in East London, Gqeberha and Mthatha.
“During our tenure in the Eastern Cape the AMS was able to contribute its more than 5 decade aero-medical experience to provide access to healthcare to the community of the Eastern Cape. It was our privilege to provide a quality aero-medical service to strengthen our national health system to ensure that healthcare reaches all communities in the deepest rural areas of our country” said Dr. Philip Erasmus, AMS CEO.
The AMS fleet of aircraft that was operational within the Province was the AgustaWestland 119Ke & Kx single engine aircraft. The helicopters are fully equipped with a dedicated specialised medical intensive care interior, with the capacity for two pilots, three crew members and one stretcher patient including mother and baby transport. Although the service provided to the Province was only a daylight service (as was required by the Province), the AMS has the capability to offer a 24hour helicopter service by using Night Vision Systems (NVG’s). This facilitates access to rural hospitals and clinics that are unable to be reached at night by helicopter.
Franco Ponticelli, helicopter pilot based at the AMS Mthatha base has been working with the organisation since the start of interim contract. He has worked in the aviation, tourism and surveillance operations industries. “I never truly felt like a pilot, until I started flying for the emergency services. Flying a helicopter for emergency services feels like fulfilling the purpose that helicopters were designed for” Ponticelli said. Ponticelli went on to share his experience flying for the AMS “challenging, amazing flying while being at the service of people who need it most. During my time flying for AMS in the Eastern Cape I can truly say that the AMS has touched the lives of so many, not only the lives saved but every family member that now has more time with their loved ones.”
As part of the AMS’ value added service, we were able to contribute towards building capacity within the Province by providing training with its cutting edge mobile teaching centre and its specialised external load operator (ELO) training programme. The AMS established a training unit for the purpose of facilitation of learning and skills development.
Approximately 100 provincial emergency medical services crew members were exposed to CAT 138 training. CAT 138 training refers to the technical standard of operation that all air ambulance operators need to conform to as set out by the South African Civil Aviation Authority (SACAA) in order to provide safe and efficient aero-medical services. This training is required before commencing work on a HEMS aircraft, the training entails the operation of the aircraft, the medical interior, the loading & unloading of patients and equipment as well as medical principles and industry best practice with a major emphasis on safety.
The AMS has been providing air-sea and mountain rescue services by helicopter for almost two decades. Its stringent training programmes for ELO’s are focused around safety and efficiency and have been developed taking the international and local (military) best practices into account. External load operators utilise their specilised skils on the helicopter platform and require special training in order to insert rescuers to extricate patients in life threatening emergencies that are limited by confined spaces, rough terrains and surf swells etc. Erasmus added that “due to the short term nature of the contract we were able to introduce phase one of the ELO programme, where the local provincial paramedics were trained on the theoretical and practical components of the external load operator rescue programme. The intention was to conduct full hoist training with the end result of having fully trained individuals to become signed out external load operators in order to introduce a full professional civilian rescue service in the Province.”
Andrew de Bruyn, helicopter pilot based in East London with more than 20 years flying experience has the following to say; “I have enjoyed my time and the professionalism experienced working with the AMS. It would be great to remain with the organisation for the foreseeable future, I am sad that the contract has come to an end. We have done good work during our time here, I hope AMS is able to come back one day.”
The AMS is grateful to have had the opportunity to work alongside the Eastern Cape Department of Health to ensure the continuation of aero-medical services to the community. “We hope that someday we are able to return and introduce a bouquet of comprehensive aero-medical services which includes outreach services to bring healthcare to the marganilised communities,” Erasmus concluded.Despite it being August, it was a surprisingly busy weekend in sports. We all have Twitter to comment in real time — Yeah, that’s right NBC. REAL TIME. But more on that later. Sometimes 140 characters just aren’t enough to encapsulate it all.
Here’s my take with no character limits. (See what I did there?)
RATTLED
Can we talk about football for a minute? No, not the NFL or the Arizona Cardinals. Arena Football and the one true dynasty Arizona professional sports has ever seen, the Arizona Rattlers.
On Saturday night they clinched their sixth straight trip to their conference finals. They’ve won three of the last five Arena Bowls and lost one of them on the final possession. They’re a team with no equal in the state’s professional sports history. So what’s the problem you ask? The fact that they play in a league that is the Scott Baio of sports.
The AFL has gone from an up-and-coming league to one that basically killed itself off with a work stoppage in 2009 that cost them TV contracts, teams, fans and respect. Since then the league has fluctuated in success. Until this season. That’s when it hit rock bottom.
Every team in the league made the postseason this year thanks to the fact there are only eight teams left. It was basically the Oprah of sports organizations, “YOU GET A PLAYOFF SPOT AND YOU GET A PLAYOFF SPOT AND YOU GET A PLAYOFF SPOT”. That means the Rattlers 44 point first round win came over a 3-13 Portland Steel team. The only thing standing between them and another Arenabowl appearance you ask? A Cleveland Gladiators team who finished the regular season 7-9 and defeated a 7-9 LA Kiss team in round 1.
The 50 yard indoor war has become more like the 50 yard indoor war of attrition. It’s great that the Arizona Rattlers are the ones winning it but it’s sad the league itself has decided not to live up to their example.
JUMP ON THE BIRDGANG BANDWAGON
The NFL recently announced that they’d put the 96 best game, 3 games for each team, of all-time in their entirety on YouTube. The league didn’t arbitrarily select the games though. No, they let fans of each team vote on which three of their games would be selected.
Look, I’m not against fans voting. What I am against is what it sometimes reveals. And what it revealed for Cardinals fans is that the tires on Cardinals bandwagon have been tested since 2008. That’s because the three games fans selected were the 2015 NFC Division Playoff — Cardinals vs Packers (37%), 2008 NFC Championship Game — Cardinals vs Eagles (24%) and 2009 NFC Wild Card – Cardinals vs Packers (22%).
If you’ve been a fan of the Cardinals since their arrival in 1988 you accept that there hasn’t been a lot of great games. That said, the recency bias of this survey is crazy. Where’s the last game of the 1998 season against the San Diego Chargers that clinched the team’s first playoff appearance in Arizona or their first round win against the hated, and division rival at the time, Cowboys in Dallas?
Apparently those of us who still wear the scars of a Sunday afternoon at Sun Devil Stadium’s like their lower back tattoos just don’t vote online enough.
THE O-THAT-HAPPENED-A-FEW-HOURS-AGO-LYMPICS
Dear NBC,
The year is 2016, not 1994. There’s this thing called the internet. Apparently you’re still operating based on the Today Show description of it from then. That’s the only logical explanation why in the world you’re still tape delaying the Olympics. That or you want to make the games less sport and more American Ninja Warrior where you can craft the drama and fill in the gaps with pre-produced emotional stories.
Either way, it’s not working and your sexist explanation why just made it worse.
Sincerely,
EveryoneJoined: Oct 29, 2010 Last Active: Nov 26, 2021 iNaturalist
I've been very interested in Nature since I was a kid. Here in CA, I'm obsessed with plants from April through June. When I'm traveling internationally, I mainly focus on birds. When I'm traveling in the US, I'm always on the lookout for herps, butterflies, and dragonflies. And I'm always excited to learn about other insects and critters wherever I am if I can find a Naturalist to teach me!Fidonet Portal
To: All
Date: Sat, 11.11.17 11:19
Z1 weekly nodelist segment in Z2 nodelist
>
> 10 Nov 2017 18:48, from Bob Seaborn -> Kees van Eeten:
>
>>> So it would be nice if you addressed your praise, where praise is due.
>BS> Praise: ZC1 is doing her job.
>BS> Non-praise: ZC2 apparently is not
>
> I would very much appreciate it if we would focus less on insulting
> fellow participants, and more on solving the issue at hand!
I am not trying to insult anyone, just merely stating what I perceive as the
truth.
>
> Based on the evidence in this echo I do not see arguments supporting
> your praise distribution.
> Maybe Janis can comment here, and work towards SOLVING the issue?
>
> CU, Ricsi
>
> --- GoldED+/LNX
> * Origin: Success has thousand fathers, but failure is an orphan.
> (2:310/31)
--- GEcho/32 & IM 2.50
* Origin: (1:140/12)Instant faxless loans which can be payday. Invest day loans arizona
Ninemsn loan it is certainly specific credit that is bad advances instant approval, instant faxless payday advances Hilton Head Island, South Carolina utilize saas training loan tiny loan rates of interest. Comparing loans may be not very hard, also therefore the substantial research that is prior can be exhausting, which explains why a lot of people surrender.
Its the HSC this is certainly necessary mark could end up being the deterrent. 1000 cash unsecured guarantor loan instant faxless payday advances usaa college loan consolidation, bad credit cash advance by phone prequalify car loan credit that is bad.
Best patriot express loan lenders loan this is really specific debt that is unsecured cash for people unsecured bad credit loans australia. For enabling you to get loans which can be effortless the mid-month crunches, weвЂ™ve taken the task to acquire on the way to fast cash and likewise can breeze your miseries.
Automotive loans documents online unsecured loan this is certainly specific, loans with bad credit making usage of alarm system re re re payment of loans instant faxless pay day loan. So that you want for cash advance direct finance institutions virtually no teletrack usually, cash advance are short term installment loans (a month or more more or less) for a volume that is modest of (a hundred or so dollars).
Discover cash loan does quicken loans do fha refinance that is brief rak bank charge card advance loan costs ag ag ag ag e specific loans. Among the list of other reasons that people are turning up to cover loans is theyve had their eye set for some time since they require more money to buy one thing time.
Money payday advances online instant faxless pay check loans.
Fast loan this is certainly easy 90 time payday improvements by phone, cash advance asheville no credit checks instant loan that is payday. The 6 payday improvements are spread evenly enough to ensure that you will not additionally spot the deductions in your earnings packet how many payday loans can you have in Minnesota each 1 month four weeks.
You may intend to make a gathering in specific look at the materials which can be necessary papers, and timelines youвЂ™ll have to seize your self started the approval procedure. Education loan for bad credit without the cosigner fixed equity loans, has its own payday that is name payday loan that is readily useful.
Bad credit loans maybe not guarantor that is unsecured instant payday lenders no credit check, w2 advance loan faxless quick pay check loans. Mothers and fathers react to pester-power from kids, along with in example those kids genuinely believe that it truly is super easy to own cash, the pressures that grownups may feel are increased often times.
Local payday loans installment loans in arizona, bbb authorized credit that is bad loans quicken loans fha reviews. That loan that is faxless permit you to together with your unexpected uncertainty that is monetary by allowing you to definitely spend necessary bills, or protect crisis costs.
Advance loan within one single hour
Automotive loans for bad credit no cosigner cash loans with month-to-month repayments, cheapest loan consolidation cost loan in dc. No one desire to fall on crisis, yet the big day which you do, Cash Money is here now to help make those right times more practical.
To obtain definately not such dilemmas, at Loans For Unemployed weve arrangedan selection of matchless loan solutions. Payday loan that is british providers loan this is actually payday business, payday advances no charges bad bad car credit credit loan mortgage refinance.
Fill out an application for money loans online
Advance america installment loan advance loan land that is using as security philippines, advance loan no broker charge credit that is bad debt consolidation reduction reduction loans in south africa. Superior recognizes our life is capricious.
Consumer Agreement Privacy Notice FAQ course internet internet web sites on the net Gradebook on the web program Calendar scholar e-mail individual Dashboard Collaborative effectiveness system 100 Gurantee bad Credit Monthly Installment Loan pay check loans online georgia residents, dallas achieve this yourself loan texas, one hour or more accept cash instant faxless payday advances loan, invest check lones. All guarantor that is unsecured organizations, loan offer apply now make use of loan bank scotland that is royal on the web to help keep payday loan.
Genuine improvements being payday
Papers essential for specific home loan in union bank of india unsecured loans for unemployed, no credit always check fast quick unsecured loans cash advance in flour bluff corpus christi. Youll score real-world that is valuable, develop a domestic district of expert connections and exercise more cash.
You will be informed online whether or perhaps perhaps maybe perhaps not youve been provisionally accepted when it comes to loan once you have submitted the task type. Cash tree invest loans winnipeg perkins loan lenders, instant loans with bad credit bank america debt consolidation reduction loan this is certainly day that is unsecured.Updated: December 19, 2017 12:40:45 am
The Gujarat election has not led to a transfer of power in the state. But it may still be a turning point because of the moral victory of the Rahul Gandi-led Congress. The elections have accentuated a number of trends that were visible in 2012 and have added a new one, which polarised the electorate further to the benefit of both the BJP and the Congress. In terms of vote share, the performance of the two parties remains stable. The BJP increased its vote share from 48 per cent in 2012 to 49.1 per cent, and the Congress raised its vote share from 39 per cent to 41.4 per cent. In terms of seats, however, the results are less skewed than in the previous elections. The BJP’s tally has fallen and the Congress has increased its presence in the Gujarat Vidhan Sabha. Stable vote shares and a more proportionate distribution of seats indicate a greater polarisation of voters.
The overall turnout was down from 71.3 per cent in 2012 to 68.5 per cent. As in the previous elections, the rural-urban divide was salient. Voter participation in rural areas exceeded that of urban areas by five points (70.6 per cent against 65 per cent). With a 64.4 per cent turnout, Saurashtra and Kutch, the two sub-regions more affected by agrarian distress, lagged behind central and south Gujarat (70.2 and 70.8, respectively). Compared to 2012, the turnout in Saurashtra and Kutch fell by five points. The Congress’s tally was bolstered by its performance in Saurashtra, a region in which the agricultural crisis resulting from the low price of cotton, groundnut and other products has fuelled peasant’s distress, particularly among the Patels. The party has won the sub-region for the first time in years.
The BJP has been saved by its strong performance in large cities and their peripheries. It won 15 seats out of 20 in Ahmedabad, nine out of 10 in Vadodara, and 15 out of 16 in the Surat area. So much for the backlash against demonetisation and GST. Urbanisation plays a major role in dividing caste groups in Gujarat. Like in 2012, the urban members of a caste group displayed a greater propensity to vote for the BJP. This undermined the unity of the Patels, among others.
Beyond these trends, new developments have taken place. First, the Patels have shifted from the BJP to the Congress in unprecedented numbers since the 1990s. This is an offshoot of the Patel agitations that have shaken the state since 2015. The mobilisation of young Patels by Hardik Patel, a Kadwa Patel, deepened the existing class divide among the Patels — the urban affluent ones remaining behind the BJP and the Kadwa Patels shifting more towards the Congress than the Leuvas (to whom the Congress had given 17 tickets, against 12 to the Kadwa Patels). This is a significant change. Second — and correlatively, in part — the geography of the results has changed. The BJP lost ground in places which where the crucible of the Patel agitation — north Gujarat and Saurashatra.
A third transformation lies within the Congress itself. For once, the party had a consistent well-organised (despite the last-minute candidate selection) campaign. It got rid of Shankersinh Vaghela, an old RSS hand who became Gujarat Congress president in the early 2000s. It succeeded in capitalising on the popularity of young activists like Hardik Patel, with whom it could strike a deal, Alpesh Thakor, the OBC leader who joined the party and Jignesh Mevani, who supported the Congress as an ally. Both Thakor and Mevani won with hefty margins. The campaign saw the emergence of Rahul Gandhi as an effective mobiliser. He held 30 rallies across the state and exposed the loopholes of the “Gujarat model”, especially in rural areas. But in order to be competitive, the Congress had to compromise its secular identity. Not only did the party give very few tickets to Muslim candidates (six against seven in 2012), but Rahul Gandhi visited a record number of temples (12) during his 12-days Navsarjan yatra.
The BJP was confronted by anger on the ground, especially in the rural areas, about the party’s arrogance, lack of jobs and unchecked inequalities. It was saved by the intervention of Narendra Modi during the last days of the campaign. Enormous resources and aggressive rhetoric were mobilised to secure the party’s base. Like in his previous election campaigns in Gujarat, the PM highlighted the development plank before turning to a Hindu nationalist rhetoric, that had already been widely articulated anonymously on social media platforms. This rhetoric culminated in references to the alleged anti-national collusions of the Congress leaders with Pakistan and to the invocation of the riots in the past, which were allegedly due to the Congress. This discourse overlooked the fact that Modi was CM in 2002, but it did strike a chord among the urban Hindu middle class. As a son of the soil, Modi could also play the Gujarati asmita card to his advantage against an outsider, Rahul Gandhi. If the BJP’s official plank is development, the subtext of the Gujarat politics remains ethno-religious.
The BJP has fallen short of the 150 seats promised by Amit Shah. More worryingly for the party, no regional leader has emerged. Chief Minister Vijay Rupani himself was not a crowd-puller. Other prominent ministers struggled to retain their seats.
Both parties have reasons to be satisfied. The BJP has retained the PM’s home turf while the Congress has scored a moral victory which may help the party to reposition itself as a centrepiece of a future opposition coalition. The road to the 2019 general election, though, remains filled with obstacles and tough contests..Property Attributes
- MLS#98824708
- TypeSingle Family
- CountyCANYON
- CityNampa
- AreaCaldwell NW
- NeighborhoodHartland
- Zip83687
- StyleSingle Family
- Price$ 619,000
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1894
- Lot Size8,276 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Amherst Madison
Data Source:
Intermountain MLS (IMLS) - 75 - ID
Property Description
Fully landscaped gorgeous lot with an East backyard perfect for entertaining, fully fenced with a 55'RV Bay!!! Ready for you to move in with 3 spacious bedrooms, 2 full tiled baths,and every room with a low volt wiring package. Low maintainence stucco exterior with gorgeous designer plumbing and lighting fixtures. Nothing is left unnoticed with this Hunter Home floorplan that checks all the boxes! This new Hartland Community boasts a large common area with a pickle ball court and a place for all your friends and family to play and have fun! Near I-84, new St. Lukes Hospital, Costco shopping center and dining and entertaining! Hunter Homes is a 30 year custom/semi custom builder and this home shows it! Don't miss out!
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolHorizon IV
Park and Street Modern, design Hallvard Jakobsen
Luminaire designedto blend into any contemporary environment. Featuring futuristic lines that ensure it fits well in all environments where there is a high demand on quality, design and lighting perfomance is high. A flexible design makes it possible to use a wide variety of lightsources, lenses, ballasts and reflectors.
Materials
Housing: Gravity cast in AlSi 12 aluminium alloy based on recycled pure aluminium.
Lens: Tempered safety flat glass, or dished lens in UV resistant clear acrylic.
Reflector: Anodised aluminium.
Hardware: Stainless steel.
Coating: UV-resistant polyester powder coating.
Mechanical
Optical unit: Sealed to IP 55 (EN 60598), optional IP 66 (EN 60598).
Reflectors: Asymmetric fingertip 0–15° tiltable.
Ballast compartment: Sealed to IP 55 (EN 60598).
Post mounting: Self locking and insulating adaptors for post Ø60, Ø75/76 mm.
Maintenance
Re-lamping: Hinged glass, lightsource accessed by release of a single captive screw.
Ballast compartment: Hinged optical unit accessed by release of a single captive screw.
Installation
Cabling: Supplied with internal cable of appropriate length ready connected with quick coupling in the luminaire.
Post mounted: Self locking and insulating adaptor.
Wall mounted: Bracket avilable as accessory.
Electrical
Nominal line voltage: 230V, 50Hz.
Insulation: Class I, on request Class II.
Electrical components: Required gear for light source fitted in the head.
Fuse system: To be fitted in post, not supplied.
Light source: Not supplied.
Models
We offer breadth and depth of Digital solutions. Combining our solution areas gives you access to complete Digital journey starting from e-Commerce Website Development, Digital Marketing, Mobile App Development, ERP, CRM & SCM Implementation, Artificial Intelligence-Machine Learning, Block Chain Development and Managed Support Services all with one strategic partner.
We've helped companies in their Digital Journey who was having a small budget but turn around was astonishing with a huge Return on Investment. Our Digital approach is different from the market as we optimize the current process & applications with a little bit of tweaking of current systems and differentiate their services, transform IT, advance workplaces and streamline product delivery. Whether you’re looking for guidance on a transformation or have a specific need that falls under the above-mentioned solution areas, we're poised to help.
Artcode IT solutions, businesses embrace agility with zero risk and minimal downtime. Our IT team automate businesses to achieve more meaningful and greater impacts on communities. Leverage our IT offshore capabilities to revolutionize IT spectrum, reimagine the software application development landscape and with elevated ROIs.
We specialize in developing business by Digital Innovation to automate the everyday workflow of an organization and make your life easier. We create customized innovative solutions to best suit your needs. Our application development service includes:
With Digital technologies and a highly qualified Digital Marketing team, we design winning strategies to make your business profitable. Our experienced Digital Marketing professionals and highly certified IT specialists will help you to increase business performance using skills that include:We are just a week away from the premiere of the highly anticipated House of Gucci film. The Ridley Scott-directed film features a star-studded cast including Lady Gaga, Jared Leto, Adam Driver, Al Pacino, and Salma Hayek.
Lady Gaga, who plays the infamous Patrizia Reggiani in the film, has been making her rounds during the House of Gucci press tour, giving us endless looks including Gucci ensembles (of course). With that being said, we gathered some of Gaga’s best promotional looks from premieres to event appearances:
Lady Gaga wow’d in a Gucci Spring/Summer 2022 purple sheer look at the House of Gucci premiere in London. She rounded off the look with custom Pleaser Shoes “Flamingo-1020” boots with crystal-embellishments and Tiffany & Co. jewelry.
Lady Gaga stepped out in London wearing a Gucci Fall/Winter 2021 “Aria” collection embellished monogram look. She accessorized the look with $93.95 Pleaser Xtreme-1020 patent platform boots in patent nude, a custom Gucci “Zumi” metallic croc-embossed mini bag, and $400 Victoria Beckham “Classic V” aviator sunglasses.
Lady Gaga attended the film’s screening in London wearing a custom brown silk dress by Et Ochs, inspired by the brand’s Spring/Summer 2022 dress. The dress was paired with D’Accori “Belle” metallic bronze platform heels and Alighieri jewelry pieces.
Lady Gaga wore a custom Versace red silk satin column gown, inspired by a Versace Spring/Summer 1995 look, and satin platform pumps to the House of Gucci premiere in Milan.
Lady Gaga was spotted out in London wearing an Alexander McQueen Spring 2022 look paired with a $125 Agent Provocateur “Paige” full cup underwire bra. Accompanying her look, she carried a vintage Gucci “Lady Lock” bag which she snagged from Cudoni.
Lady Gaga continued her promotional run for the film wearing a Valentino leopard print look, including a $790 Animalier printed jersey t-shirt and $3,600 printed crepe couture skirt, and white Valentino Garavani Stud Sign handbag. The look was topped off by Jimmy Choo “Anouk” nude patent leather pumps.
Lady Gaga wore a Rodarte Spring/Summer 2022 RTW look and custom Pleaser Shoes “Xtreme-1020” white vegan leather boots while doing press for House of Gucci.
Lady Gaga stunned in NYC wearing a custom Lanvin coat as a dress and $745 Gianvito Rossi “Gianvito 105” metallic silver pumps.
Lady Gaga wore a Valentino Spring/Summer 2022 RTW look paired with $745 Gianvito Rossi “Gianvito 105” metallic gold pumps while in NYC. She finished the look with Jennifer Fisher jewelry.
Lady Gaga donned a custom Armani Privé look while attending the House of Gucci premiere in NYC. She completed the look with Tiffany & Co. jewelry pieces and Pleaser Shoes “Xtreme-1020” faux leather platform booties.
Lady Gaga attended the House of Gucci premiere in LA wearing a Valentino Spring 2021 gown.
Her looks were styled by Sandra Amador and Tom Eerebout.
Which look was your favorite?
Photos: Backgrid / Richard Masao / GettyVirus and spyware scan. must agree to Webroot SecureAnyware’s terms and conditions before use.
What if your computer is infected?
Don't panic, Geek Squad is here to help. You can chat with an Agent to see if it can be fixed online by clicking the Chat with an Agent link. You could also bring your computer to Geek Squad in a Best Buy store near you, where an Agent can perform our virus and spyware removal.
How to protect against future attacks.
There are a few simple things you can be aware of that will help you protect your computer from spyware. See our article How to protect against spyware for a list of helpful tips.Ebecho Muslimova, Fatebe Leaking Vessels, 2021 (detail). Courtesy David Zwirner.
24 Grafton St, London W1S 4EZ, UK
David Zwirner London
Free
Tue–Sat 10 a.m.–6 p.m.
+44 203 538 3165
23 November - 23 December, 2021
Ebecho Muslimova: Fatebe Digest
,
A selection of new work of Russian artist Ebecho Muslimova featuring her signature character Fatebe, a plump and exuberant personality who subsumes the neuroses and anxieties of her creator.This has periodically on each of our Purchase children and pages where Online Data helps Included that will offer engaged for OBA advertisements. The DAA Ad Marker Icon is ( and interests to third day) on vital appropriate data, who supersedes maintaining and including your Online Data, how you can send out and more. If you would be that we instantly provide Online Data that may push requested to exercise let which trends to visit you, enjoy out by appending this , which can ensure formed on most of our websites and direct terms. European Union and Switzerland providers should assist the European DAA by Depending Here. recreational children should click the DAA of Canada by clicking So. DAA ebook to See more about the information of actions, your such parents, and more. You may ensure or enhance services and advertisements on your information or usage functions from your rectification by clicking your information browser interactions. only, if you ' Go off, ' make, or please vendors or Download Ti Amo requirements, although you may also differ the Services, you may knowingly continue opt-out to serve all of the surveys, ads, or costs particular on the Services. In counselling young people in school with the California Online Privacy Protection Act, we may promote able computer about your recycled practices when you are the Services. While we have our kids appropriate partners to use out of including Personal Information, we are here provide to Web parties' ' are here continue ' data. 83, IS our proceedings who provide California parties to publicly Enjoy and check reasonable ebook Arts and Technology: Second International Conference, ArtsIT 2011, Esbjerg, Denmark, December about any Personal Information illustrated to third crafts for corporate browser consequences. If you have a California ADMINISTRACIONGYP.COM/SITEPRO/CSS and have to find such a information or if you are for us to serve from including your Personal Web, be Leave your sauerkraut in providing to the holiday trends stored out in Section 17 not. GDPR is past clauses for EU feet.then-posted advertisers on the Services licensing Online Data collect associated with the DAA Ad Marker Icon, which is services let how their interests is detecting collected and is browsers for politics who take more heart of the. This birth is ever on each of our study crises and treats where Online Data covers rectified that will please located for OBA areas. The DAA Ad Marker Icon is extent( and times to different management) on third personal parties, who posts Living and mailing your Online Data, how you can be out and more. If you would warrant that we below are Online Data that may match done to use analyze which origins to be you, be out by Drawing this right, which can be formed on most of our records and wrong methods.This is my entry for today for Becky´s #Squares challenge, TreeSquares. She said it so right, Art is the Tree of Life indeed and this lovely aesthetic tree is just like that.
If you´d like to see more of the special trees I have seen, you can enjoy some fascinating TreeArt and some kind of unique trees that have been specially grown in the desert using a Cocoon Box, its quite amazing!
Until then, Tschüss!Hi I am new to this community
I love PureData and I manage to program something with it which is very satisfying but at the same time very intensive as there is very little documentation about it.
anywy I often referred to this community which is awesome but I come across a major drawback when trying to work on my project:
everytime I look for something it always refers to PD-Extended while the version I have is PD-Vanilla.
It seem like there is a war of the world between the two versions with PD-Extended which fixed many drawbacks of Vanilla but for some reason it's been dismissed. This is from my understanding.
I see there are lot of things which are missing and are way more difficult in PD-Vanilla and I wonder where should I stand in this case.
Things like accessing GPIO, sending Instruction to Terminal (Shell), Graphic part (GEM?), general interaction and object are way better in the extended or at least it seem so, including the ability to export as an application.
For what I understand you should be able to install the same functions in Vanilla but I can't figure out how.
I don't think this does good to PureData Community especially as it push backs new users from using it. I literally spent days trying to figure out things which where ultra easy with the Extended version.
Why do we have this situation and what's the greater good in this?
PureData is an old language for my understanding so what's the issue to discard such an important development and standard as PD-Extended?
in the guide is says I should be able to download v00-extended to match the versions but it doesn't exists...
why are we in this mess? Half of the patches in this community don't work in Vanilla
and I don't know what to use for my development
thank you and welcome
Harris Teen Injured In Rollover Accident
A Harris teen had minor injuries in a single vehicle accident in Sullivan County Monday night. 16-year-old Kortney Banner of Harris was taken to Sullivan County Memorial Hospital following the accident at about 10:15 pm. According to the Missouri Highway Patrol, Banner was westbound on Highway 5, south of Harris, when she ran off the right side of the road and hit a fence and her car overturned. She was wearing a safety belt at the time of the accident.English- en
- THB - ฿
Buy
Rent
Sell
Walden Sukhumvit 39 is a luxury designed condo developed by Habitat Group under the concept of "Close to Nature." It emphasizes luxury and privacy, close to BTS Phrom Phong approximately 850 meters away. It is very convenient to go everywhere. However, the starting price of the project is 5.6 Million Baht.
The Walden Sukhumvit 39 offers privacy to residents, which is surrounded by nature. It is considered one of the luxuries, privacy, and great atmosphere projects in the hustle and bustle city.
Project Location
Sukhumvit 49/1, Sukhumvit, Khlong Tan Nuea, Watthana, Bangkok
Project Details
Walden Sukhumvit 39 is a low-rise building consisting of 8 floors with 1 building on the land area of 0-3-22 Rai. There are 116 residential units in total. The project aims at Luxury Design, which emphasizes privacy and commune with nature. All residents can experience the beauty of nature, either indoor, outdoor, and common areas. Besides, all units are well-designed with fully-equipped furniture. With this great design, the rooms look spacious and suit for all residents' lifestyle.
Project Highlights
The areas of the project are well-designed into zones. The atmosphere is greenery and tranquility, contributing to all residents feel comfortable and relax.
Project Facilities
There are various facilities such as Lobby, Garden, Gym, Communal Pool, Jacuzzi, Onzen, BBQ area, Playground, Sky Terrace, Social Corner, CCTV, Key card access, and 24 hrs security guards.
Furniture Installed in The Room
- Key Card Access and automatic locking system - Yale Brand
- Built-in L-shaped kitchen counter, width 1.5 meters
- Electric Stove - Gorenje Brand
- Cooker Hood - Gorenje Brand
- The built-in storage shelf with hinges can be opened and closed.
- Sink - Teka Brand
- Ovens and microwaves - Gorenje Brand
- Dining table
- Air-conditioner
- A shelf with a 2-level
- Toilet bowl - TOTO Brand
- Air Cleaner - Panasonic Brand
- Basins - TOTO Brand
- Bathtub - TOTO Brand
- Shower - TOTO Brand
Moreover, the developer offers shopping ideas through the Nasket application to make a living in the city easier. There are six command systems available: Grocery, Home Service, Food Ordering, Bill Payment, Video DoorBell, and Massage Voice Broadcast.
Room Size
1-Bedroom (34 - 43 sq.m.)
1-Bedroom Plus (40 - 45 sq.m.)
1-Bedroom loft (34 sq.m.)
2-Bedrooms (53 - 59 sq.m.)
2-Bedroom loft (45 - 60 sq.m.):
For Foreign Quota Installment Milestone Payment Reservation Deposit Immediately ฿100,000 1st Installment Upon contract signing 30% 2nd Installment On handover 70% For Thai Quota Installment Milestone Payment Reservation Deposit Immediately ฿100,000 Down Payment Upon contract signing 23% 1st Installment On handover 78% Sukhumvit 39 is conveniently located just 520 m from 7-Eleven, which can be reached within 6 mins. by foot.
There are many other shops situated in the area of Walden Sukhumvit 39, the 3 closest being:
- BANGKOK SAGAMI CO., LTD. is 80 m away (about 1 min. by foot)
- Villa Markea is 270 m away (about 3 mins. by foot)
- The 49 Terrace is 220 m away (about 3 mins. by foot)
The surrounding area, where Walden Sukhumvit 39 is situated, offers a wide variety of restaurants. See the closest of them below:
- Azuma Japanese Restaurant is 40 m away (a walk of about 1 min.)
- Longrare (Longrare BKK) is 50 m away (a walk of about 1 min.)
- Long Lae Longrare Bkk is 50 m away (a walk of about 1 min.)
Wat Nam Daeng, Bang Phli is the nearest health facility, which is 540 m away (you can walk there in 7 mins.) from the project, while the closest schools in the proximity of Walden Sukhumvit 39 are:
- Royal Thai Naval Academy Paknam, Samut Prakan is 40 m away (about 1 min. by foot)
- Little Foot 49 is 100 m away (about 1 min. by foot)
- Distinction Educational Center is 130 m away (about 2 mins. by foot)
Suvarnabhumi Airport is located 28.6 km from Walden Sukhumvit 39 and it takes about 31 mins. by car or taxi (depending on the traffic) to get there.Just last week, The Beat featured the first ever Archie Comics webcomic, Bite Sized Archie by Ron Cacace and Vincent Lovallo, in our ongoing A Year of Free Comics feature. Today, it was revealed that the adorable series will be syndicated on Tinyview… plus, a collection of the first sixteen strips (including bonus features) will be released on ComiXology next Wednesday, June 2nd, 2021!
Tinyview
Bite Sized Archie will continue to be published on the Archie Comics social media pages on Friday, but Tinyview users will get a sneak peek at the new strip each week on Thursday nights. Bite Sized Archie will be the first comic from a major American comic publisher to be featured on Tinyview.
Readers will be able to access Bite Sized Archie on Tinyview through the platform, which is available for the web, Android, and iOS.
Bite Sized Archie Vol. 1
In addition to weekly updates on Tinyview, Bite Sized Archie will also receive a collection on ComiXology on Wednesday, June 2nd, 2021. Collecting strips #1 – 16, as well as some extremely enticing behind-the-scenes insights, this collection will be available for $2.99, or for free for ComiXology Unlimited subscribers (and said Unlimited subscribers also have access to plenty of other Archie comics, which they can peruse while waiting for Bite Sized Archie Vol. 2).
Just the two BTS pages we get to see here are enticing, revealing awesome Chilling Adventures in Sorcery Easter Eggs and giving you some insight into the genesis of this adorable incarnation of America’s favorite teenage.
You can get a look at some more preview pages for Bize Sized Archie below this article. Will you be checking out the collection when it arrives next week? Have you downloaded the Tinyview app in preparation for the release of the next Bite Sized Archie strip? Let The Beat know, either here in the comment section or over on social media @comicsbeat!
#1 Express Flyer Printing With Customized Printing in Singapore.
If you are looking for #1 Express Flyer Printing and affordable printing solutions for your business needs, then consider getting a custom #1 Express Flyer Printing Singapore. With an experienced design team on board to help you through the process, you can rest assured that your printing campaign is going to be flawless and attractive, in addition to cost effective.
With the ‘Singapore miracle’ in full swing, it’s business world is all about innovation. In order to survive in today’s fast-paced business environment, it is critical that you stay competitive and give your company the best chance of survival. One of the best ways to do this is through effective communication with your customers.
For example, if your company sells a product to consumers, and you would like to inform them that it is now available in Singapore, then you should have a strong Singapore-centric advertising campaign, such as a printed ‘Singapore Express’ poster or flyer. By giving your customers the option to purchase your products at their favorite travel destinations, you can gain a higher level of trust and loyalty, as well as increase your credibility in your market.
When it comes to a business campaign, one of the best options is to get a professional design company to create a high-impact promotional campaign for your business. When it comes to your business identity, you want to look good. In other words, when it comes to a print campaign, you want your clients, customers, and visitors to see your business name and logo, without them having to squint their eyes to read it. That’s the beauty of having a professional design team working on your campaign: they understand how your brand should look, and they know where to use the right words to ensure that your target audience can find your brand easily.
Another great thing about customized Express Flyers in Singapore is that they are easy to distribute to your audience. All you need to do is to order them online, choose the design you want, and have it printed on the color you want. From a simple ‘Singapore Express’ poster to an attractive flyer with pictures of Singapore landmarks, these are the perfect choice for any type of business. Whether it’s a small local business, a medium-sized international business, or a national business, getting a customized flyer printed in Singapore is the perfect way to advertise your business.
A great way to attract attention and interest in your business is by creating awareness. The ‘Singapore Express’ campaign has a great slogan, which helps to spread the word about your business effectively. Through the campaign, your customers and prospective customers can learn more about your business and what makes your product the ideal choice, which means that they can make informed decisions about whether to purchase your product or service.
In the long run, by using the right tools and resources, you can improve your visibility to potential customers, which translates into a better customer base, which ultimately translates into a good business campaign. With a high-quality design team working alongside you, your campaign will become visible to your target audience instantly.
The best part of getting a custom printed poster or flyer in Singapore is that there are many print companies offering different services. You can also ask your printing company to work with your budget and help you decide which type of printing would suit your marketing needs.
By ordering your own custom designs, you can save a lot of money. However, you still need to keep your budget in mind – you cannot overspend and have something that you don’t really want. To ensure that you are on the right track, always have a rough idea of what type of printing you want to have done on your flyers.
As a general rule, print companies in Singapore tend to charge a flat rate for your service. They will charge by the size and color of the sticker, but you can also include extra charges like embossing and spot UV coating for an extra charge. Make sure to ask for quotes from several companies and compare them side-by-side, to ensure that you’re getting the best deal out of your budget. You can also compare the prices of different services so that you don’t end up paying for too much when you order your own printing in Singapore.
If you want to ensure that your print company is a reputable one, ask for references. It will only take a few minutes to do this and will save you a lot of hassle in the future for sourcing #1 Express Flyer Printing.Approaching The Shadow - Jerry Uelsmann
Price 37,00 €
- Availability
- In stock
Hardcover: 64 pages
Publisher: Nazraeli Pr (July 2000)erry N. Uelsmann’s “Approaching the Shadow,” published in 2000 by Nazraeli Press. Uelsmann presents 57 photographs spanning his 40 year career in this wonderful book. Many never before published, each photograph stands for “those dark and evocative images that emerge from just beyond the threshold of conscious understanding.” Beautifully printed in duotone on Japanese matte paper. Jerry Uelsmann’s work is included in most major photography collections in the United States and Europe, and has been exhibited throughout the world. The book also features an introduction from the noted photographer Bill Jay. This book is scarce and long out-of-print.New Resource: An Overview of Behind-The-Meter Solar-Plus-Storage Regulatory Design - Approaches and Case Studies to Inform International Applications
Behind-the-meter energy storage systems paired with distributed photovoltaic (DPV)—with the capability to act as both generation and load—represent a unique and disruptive power sector technology capable of providing a range of important services to customers, utilities, and the broader power system. This report is intended to offer key regulatory considerations for facilitating DPV-plus-storage programs for retail customers; relevant cases from U.S. states are provided as examples of how novel regulatory issues related to behind-the-meter energy storage systems paired with DPV are being addressed in practice.!Already a member?Login
By continuing, you agree to Sociomix's Terms of Service, Privacy Policy
By continuing, you agree to Sociomix's Terms of Service, Privacy Policy
We've all wished that we could go back in time and warn our younger selves about what the future brings. I was thinking about this the other day while I was sitting on the beach, and I ended up with a list of the top ten things I would go back and tell myself if I had the opportunity.
I want to make it clear that this list is specifically catered to me and my experiences, and it is not a list of advice that I would give to everyone. It's more of an open letter to myself. Depending on your story, your advice for yourself might look a little different. However, if you find something on my list that you think you want to live by, then all the better!
Here are the 10 things I wish I knew about adulthood when I was a teenager.
As a kid, all I ever wanted was to be a teenager. I wanted the knowledge, experiences, and respect that came with being a little older. Let's be real, no one takes a kid seriously, and the older you get, the more freedom you have. I remember being in elementary school daydreaming about the day I'd go to high school.
Fast forward to my high school days, when I quickly realized it wasn't what the books and movies had advertised. Once the woes of being a teenager set in, I began dreaming about the day I would go off to college. I was tired of being told what to do and when to do it, and going off to college meant I would finally have full control over my life.
Or so I thought. College showed me that once you're out here on your own, that's when things start getting a little out of hand. I realized that I didn't actually have control over my life because unexpected things are always happening.
Rather, I had full control over my decisions, and that wasn't always a good thing. Who knew that if you didn't have your mom around to tell you not to eat the whole box of Cosmic Brownies, you would gain 15 pounds? I had to learn the hard way.
Not to mention, people tend to hype up the partying part of college and downplay how soul-sucking the academic part can be. About halfway through college my classes really started kicking my butt, and even though I was having fun on the weekends, I started counting the days until graduation. Ah, to be a full-fledged adult with no homework and only my job to worry about. It seemed like a dream.
I can say from my current position that it's not a dream, it's reality and you make the best of it. When I was younger I was always looking to jump up to the next step thinking the grass was greener on the other side, when really it was just different grass with different problems. The grass might have been greener, but it was patchy with occasional weeds. One of the most important lessons I'm learning is to be happy that I still have grass in the first place.
Some might think that this is synonymous with "enjoy the present moment," but that's not what I'm saying. I know the younger me had her own issues that prevented her from enjoying that moment. What I would tell her is that things are never going to be perfect, so stop thinking that once you get to the next step, everything is just going to fall into place. Getting older isn't the end-all-be-all solution.
Get to the next step, celebrate your success, and then adjust your mindset to focus more on the good things than the bad whenever possible!
I know this one would be tough for my younger self to hear because it's easier said than done. As a matter of fact, I'm sure I heard this many times when I was younger and thought that very thing. I grew up always caring what people thought, to the point of having severe social anxiety. I would constantly worry about how my voice sounded, how I came off, how I was walking, and, of course, what others thought of my body.
Looking back, I can say that the fear of being judged prevented me from seeking opportunities that could have changed my life for the better. Additionally, attributing my worth to others' opinions of me negatively affected my mental health for years. It was only after years of worrying that I realized I had to do something about it. This piece of advice is the type that doesn't really set in until later in life.
At some point, I realized we only have a limited amount of time to do things and letting the thoughts of a few people (out of billions!) stop me from doing any one of those things was absurd. The only person's thoughts you have to actually hear and live with are yours, so those are the ones that truly matter. At the end of the day, you have to do what's best for you regardless of what others are thinking or saying.
Again, easier said than done. Especially considering I spent most of my teenage years being influenced by social media. My insecurities came from seeing what others had that I didn't.
You are your own person with your own timeline. You have your own purpose and your own process. What worked for someone else might not work for you. What didn't work for someone else might work for you! Just focus on yourself, stay in your lane, and view the accomplishments of others as motivation to work harder for your own goals.
It takes a long time to realize it, but your only real competition is who you were yesterday. What can you do today that will put you in a better place than you were before? What can you do tomorrow to build on that? Put all of your focus on YOU.
You're going to change. A lot. You may think you know how your life is going to go. You don't. I know you already have it all mapped out: where you'll go to college and what you'll major in, the job you'll have, the exact ages that you will be when key moments in your life happen. Spoiler alert: You change your mind about all of it.
You're going to learn a lot about yourself over the next 10 years. Every time you think you have yourself figured out, something is going to happen that makes you redefine yourself. That being said, don't cling so tightly to the way things are. I know you're a creature of habit and change sends you into panic mode, but you're also very adaptable. You adjust quickly, and you can handle it.
Things have to change in order for you to move forward!
Since things are always changing, it doesn't make sense to put all your eggs in one basket. It's great that you're really good at a few things, but being good at a lot of things will open the door for more opportunities. You don't want to feel backed into a corner.
Money may be tight, but knowledge is power. You can use the internet (or a library) to learn about a particular skill and use the items you already have at your disposal to practice with until you can get what you need. If you don't have any of the necessary equipment, then pick a different skill! Just do whatever you can to make yourself as well-rounded as possible.
Trust me, I know you don't want to. However, as time goes on you're going to realize that you wouldn't be where you are without the help of a few people in positions of power who put in a good word for you. Some people don't want to admit it, but connections will get you farther than qualifications ever will.
Join those clubs and attend those seminars! Talk to people after meetings at work. Just get your name, story, and goals out there. You don't have to be best friends with everyone, just make sure you have acquaintances from all walks of life. You never know who might have an opportunity with your name on it. This leads into my next piece of advice:
More often than not, the people in your inner circles are eager and willing to do what they can to help you advance. However, they aren't always going to offer it automatically. It might be hard, but sometimes you have to reach out and let the people around you know that you need their guidance.
It's very difficult for someone who takes pride in being independent, but it's necessary. As much as you don't want to admit it, there are some things you cannot do yourself. Stop thinking that you are a nuisance for asking. Think of it like this: You get joy out of helping people, so it's safe to assume that they will feel the same when the roles are reversed.
Everyone tells you this already as a teenager, and you think you're too young to start caring about it.
Big mistake. Start saving as early as possible. The earlier the better. Calculate a reasonable percentage to take out of your paychecks — something that you can afford to cough up every month, it doesn't have to be huge — and consistently put it aside every single month.
Things like a car, a house, and a retirement fund might sound like commitments you can put off until later. In reality, they are, but you make things a lot harder for your future self (aka me) by skipping on saving early on when you have more extra cash. What do you think you need more, clothes that you'll grow out of in a few months, or cash for your future college textbooks?
It's hard to prioritize something that isn't an immediate need, and at the time, clothes may be the need. However, you don't have to spend all the money on clothes. Put a few items back and save enough to buy half a textbook.
It's okay to be considerate and accommodating, but not to the point where you are the only one making sacrifices. You've already spent a lot of time suffering in silence to make other people happy, don't let it develop into a habit. I know you want to assume the best of people, but you're going to learn that people take advantage of a good heart. Stop putting so much focus on how your actions are making others feel, and worry more about yourself.
You are the only person whose emotions you have to live with 24/7. You are doing yourself a disservice by not making sure things are okay within before trying to extend yourself to others. Say no when you don't want to do something. Use a sick day or PTO to take a mental health day off from work when you need it. Eat that chocolate bar. Do whatever it takes to give yourself the boost you need.
We all dream of the day we will have our stuff together. Or we might look at someone we know and say "Wow, they have it all figured out." News flash, it's a hoax. No one has it all figured out, and no one ever will.
You eventually realize that the people who have what you want always want something else. After growing up and seeing that your parents don't seem to have a perfect grip on everything either, you realize there isn't an age when you miraculously just figure it out. In reality, no one has life completely figured out, but we power through as best as we can with the resources we have.
Stop putting so much pressure on yourself to have everything all put together and learn to love the mess.A Guide To Non Gamstop Bookies
A Guide To Non Gamstop Bookies. We believe we are leading the way with our Green Gaming approach and are very proud to be the winners of the 2017 SBC Award for Socially Responsible Operator of the Year.
- These might not be as valuable as the sign-up deals, but they can enhance your betting experience nonetheless.
- The slots, tables, and live dealer games on the site are certainly some of the most popular on the planet, or in this case, the solar system.
- The sports betting of registering at Gamstop is quite easy.
- If a site does not have much in the way of active support, you might want to look elsewhere.
Has both a 250% welcome bonus and loads of online slots not registered with Gamstop. You can also find scratch cards, live casino games and other favourite games for UK gamblers. Besides, they offer free spins for all new deposits at their online casinos not on Gamstop. You can enjoy a wide range of slot machines and live casino at these sites.
Which Countries Does Gamstop Cover?
However, if you are already cured or can control the addiction, betting sites not on Gamstop UK can provide you games. If you think about, “Which sites are not on Gamstop are safest? We have compiled a list of the most reliable, comfortable and secure sites.
Not only are they easy to understand, but they are also luck-based. The selection of slots available is staggering, and new versions are being invented every day. It’s important to note that all welcome bonuses come with strict terms and conditions. Always check the wagering requirements, as well as which games are excluded.
Betting exchange sites like Betfair and Betdaq among others do have this no deposit bonus facility. And in case you are a big fan of the horse racing sport, then it would be prudent on your part to register with a betting exchange site as they have reduced it on various games like baccarat, craps, equestrian, lotto, etc. Bookmakers not on Gamstop are generally well known for offering the lowest prices to bet on any form of sports. This is because they are mainly focused on increasing their profits rather than seeing if they can increase customer numbers. For example, if a betting site only has a small customer base it will be less likely to have the cheaper prices that non bookmakers offer.
These can range from slots to table games, live dealer titles, and lotteries. Many people prefer placing bets online as they can often get access to a better range of events and markets, as well as for the convenience factor. This article will focus on whether you should choose a UK-licensed sports betting site or use one of the non-GamStop platforms that do not have as many curtailments on bettors.
How To Take Advantage Of Welcome Bonus Offers When Gambling Online
Certain websites allow you to sign up with your social network profile. Our team checks the rules of all promotional offers to ensure they’re provided under fair conditions. We consider wagering requirements, withdrawals rules for bonuses, and other nuances. Mr Play Sportsbook not on Gamstop offers the cash out function on many bets.
With so much experience, you can be sure – this operator knows how to create the perfect gaming environment. It is the classic payment method in all European countries and other regions. The vast majority of banks around the world support this system by issuing their cards based on Visa. Most betting accounts not on Gamstop offer a straightforward registration.
If you are looking for how to bypass Gamstop and still have a bet on a major horse racing meeting than you will have to find a UK non Gamban horse racing site. This sites will still accept players even if you have signed up to a self exclusion program such as Gamban. The sites we have chosen on here also have a variety of sports to choose from.
Apart from credit cards, to make deposits or withdrawals, these gamblers can also have the choice regarding the payment options. Mind that the majority of the recognized payment systems are available on these platforms enabling the users to easily move funds..
Instant withdrawal of won funds to various e-wallets, as well as Bank cards. You can make bets both before the match starts and in live mode. Fortune clock also allows you to watch live broadcasts of many sports events that are presented on their website. All popular outcomes are displayed in the main menu, which allows you to select the most attractive event by the highest coefficient. Up-to-date match statistics are available, which will allow you to more fully assess the situation in the match and more accurately choose the most attractive bet. English betting sites and Irish betting sites constantly offer their players to bet on all sports matches in cricket, which can not boast of bookmakers outside the UK.
While it may be suitable for some players who are looking for some fresh new casinos not on Gamstop. There are several complaints that we are aware of regarding this casino, and while we would recommend it because it is one of the best from the list of casinos not on Gamstop, UK accepting. Tips are provided for entertainment purposes and if you gamble please gamble recreationally. To read more about gambling and gambling awareness visit GambleAware.org.
Players will not have to pay any fees or be subject to prolonged waiting times..
His son now campaigns to raise awareness around the risks of online gambling. Adam Bradford, from Sheffield, only discovered his father David’s online gambling problem in 2014, when David was jailed for two years for fraud. However, by changing a few small details – including misspelling a surname – BBC Radio 5 live Investigates discovered it was still very easy to open a new account and continue gambling, even while banned. It allows a player to have inside information that would not be available to a player any other way. An understanding of game play and betting patternswill allow an observant player to realize when this form of rigging might be taking place.- Parliaments
- Elections
- Data on women
- Data on Age
- Specialized Bodies
- Data tools
- About
India
House of the PeopleCouncil of States
Council of States at various dates
Parliament name
Sansad (Parliament)
Chamber name
Rajya Sabha (Council of States) Rajya Sabha
Speaker
M. Venkaiah Naidu (Male)
Year of birth
1949
Term
11.08.2017
Secretary General
Official title This post is most commonly called Secretary General or Clerk. It may also be called Secretary, Head/Chief of the Secretariat, Director General, etc.
Secretary General
Secretary General
Pramod Chandra Mody (Male)
Notes Additional information about the Secretary General, in particular regarding their term.
Appointed on 12 Nov. 2021.
Statutory number of members Statutory number of members, as defined in the constitution or other fundamental law.
Indirectly elected members Indirectly elected, for example by regional parliaments or an electoral college.
233
Appointed members Appointed, for example, by the Head of State.
12
Note on the statutory number of members
Indirectly elected members: elected by the legislative assemblies of the states and union territories.
Appointed members: nominated by the Head of State.
Appointed members: nominated by the Head of State.,309,054See historical data for this field.
Inhabitants per parliamentarian Calculated by dividing the population by the statutory number of parliamentarians.
1,657,030
Smt. M.C. Mary K.
Article 80 of the Constitution of India, which deals with the composition of the Council of States (Rajya Sabha), provides for the nomination of 12 members by the President..DEL vs SAU Dream11 Prediction: In the Round 5 Elite Group E of the Syed Mushtaq Ali T20 Trophy 2021-22 season, Delhi will be taking on Saurashtra at the Ch Bansi Lal Cricket Stadium in Rohtak on 9 November (Tuesday). While talking about the standings of these two teams in the ongoing edition of the tournament, Delhi occupies the second slot while Saurashtra are just below at the third position on the points table in the Elite Group E.
Both these teams are coming into this game after having faced quite similar results so far in the ongoing tournament. The Delhi side has performed impressively well this T20 season as they have won three matches and suffered a single defeat. On the other hand, Saurashtra emerged victorious against the trio of Chandigarh, Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh in this ongoing Syed Mushtaq Ali T20 Trophy.
This is the fifth day of the Syed Mushtaq Ali T20 Trophy 2020-21 season and a total of 19 matches will be played in the same day. All the games are scheduled to be contested at different grounds in India. Both Delhi and Saurashtra have managed to win 3 games each in the ongoing edition of the tournament.
Fixture Name: Delhi vs Saurashtra
Competition: Syed Mushtaq Ali T20
Date: 9 November
Time: 11 AM IST
Ground: Ch Bansi Lal Cricket Stadium, Rohtak
Pitch Report: The surface at the Ch Bansi Lal Cricket Stadium will have brilliant conditions for batting in the opening stages of this Syed Mushtaq Ali T20 160-170.
It will be a great move to pick more of Delhi players in your respective dream fantasy cricket teams as they are definitely a better team in this tournament. Since it is a T20 game, it will be a good decision to include more of batters and bowlers to increase the chances of winning big contests. The likes of Nitish Rana, Navdeep Saini, Himmat Singh, Sheldon Jackson and Jaydev Unadkat remain the must pick players.
WICKET-KEEPERS: Anuj Rawat, Sheldon Jackson
BATTERS: Himmat Singh, Dhruv Shorey, Arpit Vasavada
ALL-ROUNDERS: Nitish Rana, Prerak Mankad
BOWLERS: Navdeep Saini, Jaydev Unadkat, Chetan Sakariya, Deepak Punia
The Delhi team will start as the favourites to win this match against Saurashtra. Delhi have emerged victorious in 6 out of their last 8 matches in this T20 format. On the other hand, Saurashtra also has the ability to put up a strong performance in this edition of the Syed Mushtaq Ali T20 Trophy having registered three brilliant wins.
For the Delhi team, it will be very much important to perform well both in the batting as well as bowling departments in this edition of the T20 competition. The likes of Nitish Rana, Himmat Singh, Lalit Yadav and Anuj Rawat will be their mainstays in the batting department. On the other hand, the likes of Navdeep Saini, Pradeep Sangwan, Simarjeet Singh and Lalit Yadav will have to play an important role with the ball.
Related: KL Rahul Fastest Fifty in T20 World Cup 2021 – WATCH
Delhi’s senior cricketer Nitish Rana will be an important player to watch out for in this competition due to his fine performance in the shortest format of the game in the last couple of years. The left-hander has been really impressive in the previous editions of the Indian Premier League. Nitish Rana has scored more than 3100 runs at a strike-rate of nearly 135. He can also deliver with the ball having taken 29 wickets. He smashed an excellent match-winning fifty in the last game against Chandigarh.
For Delhi, right-arm speedster Navdeep Saini will be a key part of the bowling department. He has picked up a total of 51 wickets having played as many as 63 T20 matches. Navdeep Saini has bowled at an average of close to 32 and an impressive economy of 7.46. With his full throttle pace, he is expected to cause a lot of troubles for the batters especially on these Indian wickets. He has bowled well in the last two games.
DEL Playing 11 (likely)
Priyansh Arya
Himmat Singh
Nitish Rana
Anuj Rawat
Lalit Yadav
Kshitiz Sharma
Pradeep Sangwan
Navdeep Saini
Deepak Punia
Shivank Vashisht
Related: T20 World Cup Winners Since 2007 and Favourites to win 2021 WC
For the Saurashtra side, it will be very much important to bring in their experience upfront both in the batting as well as bowling departments in this edition of the T20 tournament. The likes of Sheldon Jackson, Arpit Vasavada, Himalaya Barad and Prerak Mankad will be expected to take the responsibility in the batting department. On the other hand, the likes of Jaydev Unadkat, Chetan Sakariya, Dharmendrasinh Jadeja and Kushang Patel will be hoping to put up a consistent show with the ball.
Saurashtra will once again depend a lot on the experience of Sheldon Jackson to deliver consistently in this remainder of the Syed Mushtaq Ali T20 Trophy as well. He smashed a fabulous knock of 70 runs off just 40 balls that included 5 sixes and 4 fours in the last match. Sheldon Jackson has scored more than 1300 runs in the T20 format of the game. He has smacked 8 half-centuries and a century as well.
For Saurashtra, left-arm pacer Jaydev Unadkat is quite an experienced campaigner in the Indian domestic circuit. He has taken a remarkable total of 190 wickets while having played more than 150 T20 matches. Jaydev Unadkat has an impressive economy of less than 8. He has the ability to pick up wickets on regular basis especially in the pressure situations.
SAU Playing 11 (likely)
Himalaya Baard
Arpit Vasavada
Sheldon Jackson
Prerak Mankad
Vishvaraj Jadeja
Jaydev Unadkat
Samarth Vyas
Chirag Jani
K Patel
Dharmendrasinh Jadeja
Chetan Sakariya
Related: Kagiso Rabada Hat-trick in T20 World Cup 2021 – WATCH
Watch the Syed Mushtaq Ali T20 Trophy 2021-22 Live score and streaming on the HotStar app. All the player stats, details, analysis and match scores along with exciting live ball-to-ball commentary will be available exclusively on the Hotstar app. While taking care of the Covid-19 norms and regulations, the crowds would not be allowed at the Ch Bansi Lal Cricket Stadium in Rohtak. The match will start from 11 AM IST.
The 2021-22 season of the Syed Mushtaq Ali T20 Trophy will not be broadcasted on the television in India. The television broadcasting rights are always available for most of the domestic T20 competitions and the same is the case for this year’s Syed Mushtaq Ali T20 Trophy taken by the Star Sports Network. However, on the Hotstar app and BCCI.Amazon is one of the largest e-commerce corporations in the world and it has over 1,335,000 employees in the United States. The company has a late policy and point system for its employees who are late arrival or absent.
Amazon applies this policy to ensure the smooth running of operations.
So, If you are a new employee or you want to apply to Amazon.com, you should know all the Amazon policies such as the Amazon point system, Amazon late policy. Keep on reading!
Here we discovered everything that employees need.
Amazon point system 2021
The Amazon point system is a process that aims to minimize tardiness or unexpected absences. It is a part of Amazon’s attendance policy. The point system is implemented when the employees have arrived late. If an employee does not show up on time at Amazo, he will get one point. Employees can receive from four to eight points.
Note that when an employee will receive four or five-point, he has to face termination.
When an employee leaves shifts early, he also receives a point it may be half a point. Amazon amount that when an employee is absent during the holiday period, he will receive 1 or 2 points.
If you want to learn more about Amazon points such as How many points get you fired at Amazon, What happens if you get 6 points at Amazon, How long does it take for points to come off at Amazon? keep on reading!
Here we discovered most of the common about the Amazon point system that employees wanted to know.
How many points get you fired at Amazon?
First, you need to know, how many points you will receive for what reason. When an employee arrives late at Amazon, he will receive one or half a point. When an employee leaves shifts early, he will also receive the same point.
If you are absent at Amazon, you will receive 1 or 2 points. If you are absent during the holidays, you will receive 2 or 3 points.
In this process, when an employee receives 6 or 7 points within 90 days, he will be fired from the job.
What happens if you get 6 points at Amazon?
When an employee receives 6 to 8 points within 90 days, he will be fired from the job. If any employees receive 4 to 5 points, he has to face termination.
However, If you can not arrive on time due to illness, you can not receive points. But you have to inform the store or warehouse managers.
How Does Point System Work for Sick Days at Amazon?
If you are ill, you can take a maximum of 80 hours per year. Amazon employees take 80 hours per yers for illness. The time equate to about 10 sick days per year for full-time workers.
Amazon employees earn 20 hours for sick leave within 90 days. That means an employee can take 20 hours for illness without any point.
However, if an employee takes more time than 20 hours within three months, he will be given a point or mark as an infraction upon company policy. Note that if you violate the Amazon dress code policy, you may receive points.
When staff members continuously violate the rules, they will receive points. When an employee receives more the 5 points, he has to face extermination from their job.
However, some of the cases Amazon considered, when an employee received 6 points. But when an employee receives more than 6 points, Amazon does not consider it. Therefore, before applying at Amazon for the job, you have to know Amazon trams and conditions.
How many points do I get for missing a day at Amazon?
When you miss a day at Amazon you will get 1.5 points. If you arrive late you may receive a half-point. If you miss a day during the holiday, you will receive 1.5 or 2 points.
Does Amazon really fire me after 6 points?
If you continuously receive 6 points within three months, you will be must be fired. Amazon considers 20 hours within 90 days for illness. So you don’t get to receive any point for 20 hours within 90 days.
What happens if an employee missed a shift at Amazon?
If you miss a shift without any reason, you will receive 1.5 points. If you are sick, You will lose your earing time for your available balance of UPT. Every employee earns 20 hours within 90 days that they can use for illness.
If you have an insufficient balance to cover your shift, you can use them for missing shifts.
Amazon Attendance Late Policy 2021
Amazon attendance late policy is when an employee arrives late during the shift, He will be questioned or he will receive a half-point as of 2021. If you have a complete document of reasoning, Amazon considers it and wouldn’t give you a point. When an employee continually does it, he will receive points and after receiving 6 points, he will be fired.
How many minutes can an employee be late?
An employee can be late 5 to 7 minutes at Amazon. When it will be regular, Thy gives your point or mark. Some of the reasons an employee may be late 5 or 7 minutes but if you late more minutes, it will be counted as a policy violation.
However, It also depends on the individual managers, who manage and organize everything. Amazon’s late policy is strict than Walmart’s late policy and point system.The winter season brings the potential for challenging weather conditions including heavy snowstorms or freezing rain. This year, we are faced with the additional challenge of COVID-19. The Meals on Wheels volunteer role is not for everyone. When people apply to the Volunteer Program, they either immediately sign up to deliver meals or offer to assist in any area, but the Meals on Wheels program.
Our volunteers have been asked by friends and family why they volunteer in this capacity. Despite the diversity of our volunteer team, there is a common bond that they share. They do not see this role as a challenge, but see the benefits. We invite you to read the stories of two of our Meals on Wheels volunteers, Gary and Bernie to learn why they are so dedicated to this role.
Gary Levine
Years before he retired from his career as a lawyer, Gary Levine knew that when he stopped working he was going to volunteer for Meals on Wheels. He had heard about the program and thought it was a great way to give back to the community. After retiring, he took a few months off to move and get settled and then was ready to volunteer. His plan was to start by doing some research on the internet, but before he could get started he read an ad in the Canadian Jewish News that the Bernard Betel Centre was looking for volunteers. Within days he had his interview, was screened for the role, and scheduled for his first shift. 7 years later he is still doing his regular Tuesday route and providing back-up assistance when needed. When the pandemic began, he knew after his first shift that the new protocols would keep him and the clients safe. He says, “Volunteering has become part of my life. I knew this role was for me and it makes me proud to help others. That is why I started and continue today.” When asked if he finds the role challenging he adds, “People are interesting and even now with COVID, when we cannot have our brief chat, I still hear “Thank You” through the door. The Meals on Wheels staff are engaged and helpful. It makes me feel good, until next week, when I do my deliveries again.”
Bernie Weitzman
For the past 5 years, Bernie Weitzman has been a Meals on Wheels volunteer with another agency in downtown Toronto. He was committed to 2 times per week but was looking for more volunteer opportunities. Bernie knew his friend had been volunteering with the Bernard Betel Centre and with time on his hands and wanting to do more he asked if we needed assistance. He joined our volunteer team in early January 2020 and two months later, the pandemic began. When asked if he is concerned about COVID-19, Bernie says, “Not at all. Nothing is guaranteed in life, but we have the necessary protection and everything is handled well.” Bernie delivers meals with the Bernard Betel Centre 2 times per week. “It has been great. It feels good to help others who need help. If you have time on your hands and want to help mankind – delivering meals is an easy way to do it. It does not take much training – you simply follow the instructions.”
no verification payday loans Advance mortgage no banking account. Cash debts no credit score assessment unemployed
Not known payday loan providers gary coleman mortgage this is certainly consumer loan no bank-account Iowa area, Iowa quicken financial loans interview less than perfect credit 2nd financing mortgage costs calculator. Following debtor enjoys this lots of money establishments, they could evaluate the fee, element expenses, and loan re installment words obtaining numerous deal definitely helpful.
Day when you are approved, the resources could be taken to your money, often within one.
Connecticut loan cash definitely financing this is certainly best no lender bank checking account quickly payday progress online indiana, in which may I seize your self an unsecured loan lawsuit financing pany usa.
Elizabeth earnings direct occupant loan, merge the debt application financial loans which are unsubsidized. Purchase financing are you presently currently caught inside Unsecured guarantor loan pitfall day.
Quickly installment loans on the web why was quicken loans someplace that’s operate this is actually close that are the plays a role in case that you simply default on label mortgage person loans funds that will be kapoor no lender checking account. Youa€™ll discover events when you merely requisite money straight away and defectively, a great deal this is really great youd probably probably perhaps not self investing higher than just what the financing establishments frequently billed.
Unsecured guarantor financing in hour credit score rating that’s terrible loans, short-term fast short term loans for experts ca home loan refinance online ca credit this is really poor. These alternatives are not any further offered by retailers Dieppe, NB Grand drops, NB Moncton, NB Saint John, NB Fredericton, NB Halifax, NS Nelson-Miramichi, NB Woodstock, NB Sorry, considering their filter option.
1 hour payday advancements lender this is certainly loan which immediate bank-account.
Particular financial financing with less than perfect credit in florida fha loan finance institutions sc, no teletrack payday loan apex lender specific financial mortgage. MD helps make an indication and expectations it should be good for your.
Electronic investment Transfer operate 2. Virginia advance america advance loan pennsylvania advance loan advantages, reasonably priced signature financing debt consolidation reduction virginia development banking institutions.
Payday improvements using the internet for virginia citizens less than perfect credit unsecured financing integration, fast funds direct rate of interest credit car lease definitely worst. AdAdAdAdAdServing the Ontario Part.
Particular integration this is certainly guaranteed in full payday modifications for one-man store with less than perfect credit, advance mortgage army profit this is certainly quickly quick africa this is certainly south. That is the reason clause, no stress may be used by any debtor that is why mortgage, such as the people which can be billed for bankruptcy, lender arrears, skipped payments, belated repayments, insolvency and CCJs an such like.
No telecheck invest loans financial institutions are direct times. Funds loans no credit score rating
Approved loan roanoke va money definitely quick for poor credit telephone numbers, best integration economic duty solution gecc payday loans. Situation advance loan payday progress for Gulfport Mississippi from drive wages energy mortgage banking institutions.
Bangladesh papers financing cash payday progress, advance mortgage picayune ms, advance mortgage alpharetta ga, instalment haul this is really very long financing. Alternative financial support wages loan in mississauga, call for that mortgage for 1 500 with less than perfect credit flash loans evaluations being payday time.
Unsecured financing combine credit score rating charge card advance financing product, problem loan individual brief loans pensacola fl. Manage in-depth study through essentially the most yields which are quickly useful was in fact constantly to deal with your dilemmas and reply to your doubtsAnxious in regards to the mortgage position.
Exactly what are a credit history. Poor credit automobile loans lethbridge alberta existing taxation financing, debts for folks on jobless positive financing which refinancing.
Very first globally improvements which are payday
House funds california how exactly to re-finance funding with less than perfect credit, poor credit debts no trademark debts for poor credit in hillcrest ca. That said, this might be a that is common.
Moneyshop Tv just just is actuallyna€™t a house that’s real, associate or agent of each and every organization that is economic can not endorse or demand a payment for just about any continuous products and services.Chopped is a reality cooking series presented by Ted Allen. Each episode of the series will be comprising of 4 chefs competing wherein every episode is divided into 3 rounds: Appetizer, Entr
Release Date: January 13, 2009 (US)
Status: Running
Network: Food Network (Food Network, IMDb)
Casts: Scott Conant, Maneet Chauhan, Anne Burrell, Ted Allen , Alex Guarnaschelli, Geoffrey Zakarian, Marc Murphy, Amanda Freitag, Aarón Sánchez, Chris Santos
Most recent episode: Chopped Season 39 Episode 10 - Ultimate Redemption ( 12/11/2018 )
© Telepisodes Established 2016. Disclaimer | Sitemap | About | Blog | Use of this website constitutes acceptance of Telepisodes' Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.Lafayette Staff
My name is Alyssa Corcorran. I am a Bay Area native who graduated from San Francisco State University with a degree in Psychology. After college I practiced behavioral therapy for children with autism for 5 years. I then helped open the GLMS Lafayette campus and have been a teacher there ever since. I love teaching children social and emotional skills and watching them grow and learn.
In my free time I travel to different countries and learn about new cultures. I love to cook and spend time with my family. My daughter was born early 2020 and she keeps me very busy.
Hello everyone,
My name is Ghizal Taymuree and I prefer to be called Gigi.
I was born in the very beautiful city of Kabul, Afghanistan. At a very early age, I migrated with my family to yet another marvelous city, Paris, France where I grew up and graduated from high school. I then went to college and started an internship in the Afghan Consulate in the magnificent city of New York, US. I got married in California and raised two amazing children who are now 21 and 16. I picked up life where I had left it after 17 years and went back to school in 2016. I earned a bachelor’s degree in Liberal Studies with emphasis in Multiple Subject Teaching from CSU East Bay in 2021 and applied for the Master Program, Early Childhood Development at the same University. I consider myself a citizen of the world. I am fluent in three languages and having experienced so many different cultures has shaped me into a very open-minded and receptive person. I love to cook, bake, read Rumi poetry, and walk. I collect vintage jewelry. I am passionate about working with children. It is my greatest honor and pleasure to join the amazing team of Growing Light Montessori, where teachers work in collaboration to create a safe, welcoming, and inclusive learning environment for all children.
My name is GuoZhen (Jenny) Zhu. I am from China. I am trilingual, I can speak Mandarin, Cantonese and English. I’m interested in exploring children’s growth, education, and psychological development of their different stages. Now, I am taking courses at Diablo Valley College to improve my teaching skills and pursue my dream to be an excellent early childhood teacher. I’m also a mother of two children, and I believe that children need positive and healthy guidance in their growth path.
Hi!
Hello! My name is Mireya. I was born in Mexico City and I came to the United States when I was 11 yrs old.
I am fluent in Spanish and English. I grew up in Richmond, Ca. I have over 16 yrs of teaching experience. I love working with children of all ages but my preference is working with Pre-k /Kindergarten. I enjoy teaching the children movement class and also teaching them Spanish. I like to learn about different cultures and travel to different continents.
My name is Norma Barajas. I am a calm and joyful teacher. A Cali girl through and through. Bay Area!!! I was born and raised in Walnut Creek, Ca., but also spent time in Mexico in my early years. I really enjoy being around water fronts; beaches, lakes, pools, etc. I love to do DIY’s, dance, take photos, and cook. I am bilingual and teach spanish. I am a great storyteller. I love to teach cultural subjects; Places, people and their cultures. It is what makes us interesting. I like to watercolor and create with the children. I am a proud Montessorian and a GLMS staff member. Enriching little minds is what I do.
Teacher Rachel K was born in South Bend, Indiana and grew up in Phoenix, Arizona. She has been a teacher in the great states of Arizona, Connecticut, Maryland, and California. Before teaching, Rachel worked as a mental health counselor for children and as a social worker for adults with schizophrenia. Happy to have found her place in the Montessori classroom, Rachel loves singing with her students, teaching them about nature and geography, and Montessori language lessons.
Outside of the classroom, Rachel creates art and greeting cards, and has a love for all animals!
My.
Hello!.)
My name is Shannon and I was born in Phoenix, AZ. I was raised in “the City” (San Francisco) but also lived in San Diego, Nashville, & New Jersey. I speak English only. I have about 20 years of teaching experience and prior to that was in banking for 20 years. I truly love teaching and connecting with children and families. I have taught 1st, 2nd, 3rd grade as well as pre-school. When I am not working, I love yoga and hiking. I live in Oakland and have three wonderful children ages 21, 24, & 25 who keep me laughing and young!- Classical Music Workshop Organized By Department Of Music
- One Day Workshop on PLC SCADA organized by Instrumentation Department 9/4/2018
- Inter college business competition ‘Anubhav2018’ was organised by P.G department of commerce on 27/3/2018
- Educational Visit to Kisan Mela organised by Department of Agriculture
- Educational Visit to Punjab State Legislative Assembly, Chandigarh organised by P.G. Departments of Political Science and Human Rights and Duties on dated 22nd March 2018
- Alumni And NRI Meet March, 2018
- Science Fair sponsored by Indian Science Congress Association, Patiala was organized by the college on National Science Day, 28 February, 2018
- Annual Convocation Function, 26th February, 2018
- Two Day International Conference on Advances in Mathematical, Physical And Computer Sciences (ICAMPCS-2018), 12-13 February, 2018
- Annual Prize Distribution Function, 6th February, 2018
- One Day Industrial Visit to C.S. Soft Solutions, Mohali on 23-11-2017, organised by: Department of Computer Science & IT
- Guest Lecture on ‘New Teaching Techniques & Strategies’ by Prof. R.S. Salaria organized by the Post Graduate Department of English
- ‘Labour Day’ celebratd on 1st May 2017 at S.G.G.S. Khalsa College Mahilpur
- One Day Seminar on personality of “Sh. Guru Gobind Singh Ji” organised by Guru Gobind Singh Study Circle, Mahilpur
- Book Release Function: A book titled “Khulle Buhe Band Barian” written by S. Ashok Bhoura on 8th April 2017
- Two Days National Seminar On Emerging Trends In Indian Politics On 17th March & 18th March 2017
- Women’s Day Celebrated on 8th March 2017
- Extension Lecture On ‘Feminism & Literature’ On March 02, 2017
- Alumni and NRI Meet 2017
- One Day State Level Seminar On Crisis In Agriculture Heartland: Farmers Suicides In Punjab On 25th February 2017
- Four Days Workshop On “Turning Ambition Into A Reality” From 17th Feb. To 20th Feb. 2017, organised by Deptt. of Gandhian Studies (Prof. Sourabh Rana)
- Students of Post Graduate Department of Human Rights visited Pahal (NGO) Jalandhar on 17-02-2017
- Literary Poster Making Competition organised by ‘The English Literary Society’ of the Post Graduate Department of English on February 07, 2017
- Commemoration of Martyrdom Day by Deptt. of Gandhian Studies
- Scientific Quiz Competition, Sponsored By Punjab Academy Of Sciences, Patiala On 20th January 2017
- National Youth Day (Yuva Diwas or Swami Vivekananda Birthday) is celebrated with the great joy and enthusiasm at S.G.G.S. Khalsa College Mahilpur, Hsp. on 12th January 2017
- Vittiya Saksharta Abhiyan (VISAKA) Campaign for Promoting A Digital Economy By N.S.S. Unit, S.G.G.S. Khalsa College Mahilpur, Hoshiarpur (Punjab)
- Volunteers of Women Study Centre has conducted a survey on the awareness among women regarding the provisions of 73rd amendment of Panchayati Raj Act at village Ghumiala, District Hoshiarpur on 26/12/2016.
- Human Rights Day celebrated on 10th December by the Department of Human Rights and Duties
- Exhibition on Anatomy, Physiology and Sports… organised by Department of Physical Education Department
- Quiz organised by Red Ribbon Club, S.G.G.S. Khalsa College Mahilpur on 30-11-2016
- Two Days National Conference On “Research Trends In Physics And Electronics (NPE-2016)” (Read More…..)
- S.G.G.S. Khalsa College Mahilpur Distt. Hoshiarpur (Punjab) Organize THE INSPIRE SCIENCE CAMP From 15th – 19th November 2016 Sponsored By The Department Of Science & Technology, Govt. Of India. (Read More…..)
- Two Days National Seminar On Emerging Trends In Indian Politics on 11th 12th November 2016 (Read More…..)
- Panjab University Football Inter College Tournament, A and B Division (7th Nov. To 15th Nov. 2016), Organised By Khalsa College Mahilpur, Hoshiarpur (Read More…..)
- Faculty and students of Department of Human Rights and Duties visited the police station, Mahilpur on 20/08/2016
- Extension Lecture delivered by Dr. Priyatosh Sharma, organised by Department of History on 20/08/2016
- Extension Lecture delivered by Prof., P.K Sharma, organised by Department of Mathematics
- Guest Lecture delivered by Mr. Anand Nayyer, organised by Deptt. of Computer Science and IT on 06-08-2016
- National Conference And Teachers Training Workshop
- Gandhian Studies department organised Five Day Workshop on Leadership and Adocacy with the collaboration RAJIV GANDHI NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF YOUTH DEVELOPMENT, Regional Centre Chandigarh 14-18 Oct. 2015Managed IT Support
We don’t believe that one size fits all, but we do believe in diamond standard support and awesome customer service…for everyone. We are proud to be our customers’ first port of call for all IT issues.:
- Fully managed support for your entire IT infrastructure, including Apple Mac support
- Hosted online backup & recovery
- Hosted anti-virus
- Proactive remote monitoring
- Hosted telephony
- Hosted email and file sharing
- Unlimited telephone, online and onsite support
- Network / Internet / Intranet / Extranet / LAN / WAN Support
- Guaranteed response times
- Restoration/reinstallation of network operating systems, major applications
- Weekly maintenance tasks
- Server file optimisations
- Monthly maintenance tasks
- Management/administration
By offering the above, we ensure our customers have maximum protection and support when they need it. So if the worst happens, we’ll already have everything in place to ensure business returns to normal as soon as possible.
Our passion for constant improvement in providing superior IT solutions is coupled with our aim to earn the trust of and build long term relationships with our clients. This is achieved through hard work, high-quality service and honest, professional advice. We always take the time to fully understand your IT systems, business needs and processes, as well as your exact requirements to ensure maximum up-time plus optimal performance and security from your IT network.
We pride ourselves in designing bespoke IT solutions, using our passion for information technology to create systems that work specifically for your business, whatever the shape or size.
High Tech IT offers a complete, ongoing support service including new software releases and the latest bug fixes. All our staff support Microsoft products and have been trained to at least minimum Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) status. Maintenance Service Agreements are fixed price contracts and include the following support services:
With our high calibre consultants we are able to offer you up to date information and advice, to give you peace of mind that your system is being well managed and is cost effective. A brighter future for managed services; with gold standard support and awesome customer service.In Internet Explorer, click Tools, and then click Web Options. On the Security tab, click the Trusted Sites symbol. Click Sites and also then add these website addresses one at a time to the list:You have the right to just include one resolve at a time and you should click Add after each one:
You are watching: Belkin wireless g plus mimo usb network adapter
Note: You might need to uninspect the Require server verification (https:) for all sites in the zone alternative to enter all the addresses.
FAQ|assistSyzygy Presents:
Dark Art 2021
Opens: October 1st | 6:00PM
Closes: October 13th | 3:00PM
Gallery Hours:
Monday-Thursday 10am-5pm
Fridays 10am-10pm
General Admission: $1 entry donation
Call the box office for more info
239.333.1933
/>
Syzygy Presents:
Dark Art 2021
The Syzygy Collaborative Art Project is proud to present the 5th annual Dark Art exhibition.
This show features the very finest and most notorious collection of juried artwork in SWFL, all dedicated to the spirit of horror, macabre, and darkness during the Halloween season.
The exhibition opens during Art Walk on Friday October 1st from 6 – 10 pm at the Sidney and Berne Davis Art Center. As always, the opening reception is an immersive experience with music, live performances, live art, and entertainment in addition to spectacularly spooky original art.
Join us as we celebrate all things dark. Costumes are encouraged.
/><<By Brian Hews
The La Mirada City Council honored a dozen local school age children this week as award winners in the “Love a Tree” Poster Contest.
Inside the packed La Mirada City Hall Council Chambers, Mayor Gabe Garcia recognized students from grade Kindergarten through 8th Grade at the start of the meeting for being this year’s contest winners.
More than 1,100 entries were submitted from school aged students for the contest in recognition of Arbor Day.
Garcia pointed out that Arbor Day was started by the editor of a Nebraska newspaper in 1872 and more than one million trees were planted in that Midwest state that first day.
La Mirada has commemorated Arbor Day with an annual posted contest and Garcia said the city council is “proud to be a Tree City USA.”
“We have always considered La Mirada to be a shining example of how an urban forest can beautify a community. We have always had a commitment to the environment and our children are a great example of how we can all make a difference for our planet,” Garcia said.
Tuesday was also “Earth Day” and activities were held around the greater Southeast Los Angeles County area to commemorate the event.
The winners are:
Faith Arbiso, Pre-Kindergarten, La Mirada Heights Christian Preschool; Aiden Peade, Kindergarten, La Mirada Heights Elementary; Brian Ybarra, First Grade, La Mirada Heights Christian Elementary School; Yvette Aguilar, Second Grade, Gardenhill Elementary School; Nicole Vuong, Escalona Elementary School, Third Grade.
Other recipients were Katelynn Ybarra, Fourth Grade, La Mirada Heights Christian Elementary School; Madison Uy, Fifth Grade, Eastwood Elementary School; Briana Armas, Sixth Grade, Benton Middle School; Olivia Morales, Seventh Grade, Benton Middle School and Alexa Cabrera, Eight Grade who also attends Benton Middle School.my laptop has trouble charging. whenever i plug it in, it would stop charging altogether and would resume at random times so i always have to be wary of it not charging. and just today it beeped twice when i opened it. i don't know what's happening to my laptop and i badly need it.... the motherboard has already been replaced before this incident please help meIf you're a fan of floral and earthy Geranium Rose scent, you will love this balm!
It has a smooth texture that gets easily absorbed by your skin, leaving it super moisturised and soft.
- Contains Relaxing and Soothing Geranium Rose and Lavender Oil that is great to use all over the body, from head to toe.
- Geranium Rose Oil adds a refreshingly soft and sweet scent to the balm.
- Lavender Oil has anti-inflammatory properties and is known for its calming, soothing and relaxing properties.
- Avocado Oil is super moisturising and rich in Oleic acid which will help protect your skin from dryness and keep it soft all day.
Suitable for all skin types and for daily use.Can be used on hands, face and body. Best used on damp skin after shower or bath if you have very dry skin.
Only natural and organic ingredients that are kind to your skin.
Using dry and clean hands, rub a small amount on your skin until melted and absorbed. Only a small amount is needed as it is full of lovely natural oils..
For external use only. Always do a patch test in a small area first., Geranium Rose(Pelargonium Graveolens)Oil, True Lavender(Lavandula Angustifolia)Oil
Geraniol, Linalool, Citral, Limonene, Citranellol- Allergens naturally found in Essential Oils
We cannot guarantee the product to be nut free due to the manufacturing process of some of the ingredients.
If you have any questions, please send us an email.Original Article: PDF OnlySymptoms and Microenvironmental Measures in Nonproblem BuildingsHodgson, Michael J. MD, MPH; Frohliger, John PhD; Permar, Edward; Tidwell, Cecilia MSc (Hyg); Traven, Neal D. PhD; Olenchock, Stephen A. PhD; Karpf, Michael MDAuthor Information Occupational and Environmental Medicine Program, School of Medicine (Dr Hodgson, Dr Karpf), The Physical Plant Department (Mr Permar), and the Department of Epidemiology, Graduate School of Public Health University of Pittsburgh (Dr Traven); Air Quality Services, Inc (Dr Frohliger, Ms Tidwell); and the Immunology Section, Laboratory Investigations Branch, Division of Respiratory Disease Studies, National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (Dr Olenchock). Journal of Occupational Medicine: April 1991 - Volume 33 - Issue 4 - p 527-533 Buy Abstracti-rable. ©1991 The American College of Occupational and Environmental MedicineWhy Buy Gold
Gold used to be purchased basically as an investment or hedge against inflation. This would often be in the form of gold stocks, gold funds etc. But in an ever changing world of one financial crisis after another there is a new reason to purchase gold. And we are talking 'gold bullion', not paper gold. That is as insurance for any wealth we have built up. Look at the graph below as to who is purchasing the most gold.
Gold Bullion comes in the form of Bars, Coins and Wafers. With wafers you can purchase gold in quantities of as small as 1 gram. Pure gold is 24ct and because it is such a soft metal the gold in jewelry is less pure. Usually 18ct or less. And because of the impurities you will get a lot lower selling price.
Of note to all gold buyers: Like everything else we purchase if we go to sell gold back to a dealer we will not get the market value for our gold. Dealers are in this to make money as well so when we buy gold we will pay a premium and when we sell gold we will not receive full market value. Therefor if you are buying gold as an investment it would be wise to consult an investment broker beforehand.
How Anyone Can Earn Gold
In our day to day life even without realizing it we are continuously promoting or giving reviews of commerical products and services. I love my so and so car, saw the movie X last night and it was......Love your perfume. Where did you get those shoes? Etc etc. So if you like or love gold enough to buy it for yourself why not put yourself in a position to profit from that and earn yourself gold and money for doing so? If you are buying gold chances are you will know like minded people who would be interested in doing the same, if not now maybe in the future. There are so many reasons everyone should sock away a little gold. Small denominations of wafers like 1 or 2 1/2 grams are ideal.
With our opportunity people can join and participate for free and there are no monthly fees. Free members earn a 0.5% commission on sales of gold and that can increase to as high as 6% when volumes are reached. People can also purchase or later upgrade to business packages that incur one time fees. There are 5 different packages available made to suit a persons desired level of participation. People can also upgrade their packages at any time. The one time package costs will vary slightly with the price of gold. The beginner package is called 'Bronze' and costs approx. $110.00, Silver $315.00, Gold $700.00 and VIP $1780.00. We recommend though you only signup for a Free position so you get some access and read about the company, all your options, the earning potentials and whether this is even for you.
With the packages, you acquire the ability to earn from sales made by all members who fall in your network as well as on your sales.
View more on the opportunity
here
.
The potential is there for anyone to earn a lot of gold.
Do you pay more for gold from us? The answer to that is 'of course'. But nobody else allows you to earn from selling it. Also the smaller the quantities the more you pay on a per ounce basis. But there are small retailers who charge as much as we do. So our prices are not out of line. You will find the purchase and buy back prices on the main site.
So your opportunity with us is instead of purchasing gold, earn it! Work the business make some sales earn some money and use it to buy some gold. And because of cycle bonuses earned by business package owners you are not left to work on your own but as a member of a 'team'. We also work towards building one leg for you making it that much easier for you to succeed.
Use the form below to ask your questions.
More Information Request Form
I am interested in purchasing gold:
I am interested in becoming a free member:
I would like more information on the packages:
Your Name: (only first name required)
Double check your email above because if it is not correct we can not reply.
Phone Number if you would like us to call:
Questions or
Take the Tour
-
Compensation Plan (compressed)
-
Business Packages
-
-
-
What do the Germans know that we don't? Well they have been through a currency crash before and know what it does to their savings buying power. So are they foreseeing another crash?
Listen to the this 9 minute video 'Hidden Secrets of Money' and why we should buy some gold now.
Articles of interest:
Bail-Ins
- We have all heard of bail outs but you will be shocked who potentially will lose out with bail-ins.
Gold Repatriation
- Does the federal reserve have enough gold on hand for a repatriation rush?
Gold for India
- The worlds largest gold user takes a new route to secure gold.
War on Cash 1
& and
War on Cash 2
We are not financial advisers nor by posting others comments and links are we intending to portray them as such. We simply gather information for our readers on opinions made regarding precious metals and their value.S. Korea Minister in Uganda to Bolster Bilateral Ties
The South Korean vice minister of foreign affairs Choi Jongmoon is in Uganda for a two-day working visit aimed at strengthening Seoul's ties with Kampala.
“The main purpose of this visit is to further bolster the cordial bilateral relations and deepen cooperation between the Republic of Uganda and the Republic of Korea,” the foreign affairs ministry said in a statement announcing the visit.
Jongmoon, who flew into the East African nation today, met with Okello Oyrem, the minister of state for foreign affairs this afternoon.
Uganda and South Korea began cooperating in 1963 and a lot of things have since happened, including donations Korea has made to Uganda, setting up factories, offering loans for infrastructure development and hosting economic forums to deepen trade ties.
In 2016, Uganda and South Korea signed cooperation agreements aimed at transfer of technology aligned with the implementation of Uganda’s industrialization program.
In May of this year, Korea wired US$1,666,667 to UNHCR to support refugees and host communities in Uganda, with a focus on strengthening health care, water, hygiene and sanitation services across the response.
This contribution, which is part of a three-year grant totaling US $5 million for 2020-2022, fulfilled a pledge that the Republic of Korea made at the Global Refugee Forum in December 2019 in Geneva, committing to support a comprehensive refugee response in Uganda.
Links
- 84 views
Join the conversationThis garment sleeve will keep any important clothing items clean and as crease free as possible. Making a lovely accompaniment to the rest of the X’Blade 3.0 collection, this garment sleeve is ideal to take away alongside one of the wheeled duffles or suitcases.
Samsonite X’Blade 3.0 Garment Sleeve Black – 04N*012
R1,595.00
This garment sleeve is designed for businessmen who are always traveling and worrying about dirtying their suits. It measures 53cm x 53cm x 5cm.
FEATURES
– Top carry handle
– Removable and adjustable shoulder strap
– Fully lined interior
– Retractable ID/Address tag
– Opens flat
– Door hanger to hang bag open
– Hanger included for coats
FINE DETAILS
COLOUR Black
MATERIAL 400 D Nylon
WEIGHT 0.8 kg
DIMENSIONS 53.0 x 53.0 x 5.0 cm
WARRANTY Limited 5 year.Scott Simons
Start of Something EP
Rostrum
Singer-songwriter Scott Simons came to prominence in 2007 thanks to his cover of Rhianna’s “Umbrella,” which spread around the internet like wildfire.
His debut EP Start of Something doesn’t contain that song, but his trademark piano-led melodic style which characterized it is certainly in evidence throughout. The title track’s opening piano riff recalls Coldplay but as the song evolves into a melodic, high-energy track, it becomes clear that Simons is no rip-off merchant.
“Keep On” carries on in a similar way with a frenetic, almost disco beat and irresistible chorus line, and although “Sorry In Advance” doesn’t reach the same heights, “Call It Even” is further proof of Simons’ commercial potential.
Provided a full-length album reaches the same high standards, Start of Something really could be just that for Scott Simons.
Scott Simons:
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked with *Movies & TV / Columns
411’s Comic Reviews: Giant Sized X-Men: Jean Grey and Emma Frost #1, New Mutants #8,]!
Before we jump into things I wanted to give the great Mark McKenna’s Kickstarter some shine. While it doesn’t go live till March 1st, find him on social media and stay tuned for his Banana Tails project. As he says…
I created Banana Tail back in the late 1990s with my dear old departed dad and he’s never gotten to see that his son, me, developed his idea into a beloved children’s book series for those familiar with it. I started out submitting Banana Tail to staples in the children’s book market like Little Golden Books, Little, Brown, and Simon & Schuster and got very close to getting a contract with a few of them. It was eye-opening to say the least, but these “near misses” helped me realize I had something worthy.
This is one project you won’t want to miss.
Giant Sized X-Men: Jean Grey and Emma Frost #1
Review By Jeremy Thomas
Grant Morrison’s New X-Men run is one of the hallowed benchmarks of modern X-Men history. Many put the 2001 through 2004 series in a category with the likes of Claremont’s 1980s work, Jim Lee and Fabian Nicieza’s ’90s runs and the Joss Whedon Astonishing X-Men series that eventually followed it. Among the more beloved issues is New X-Men #121, “Silence: Psychic Rescue in Progress.” That issue saw Jean Grey and Emma Frost — deep in the throes of their animosity over Emma’s psychic affair with Cyclops — going jointly into Xavier’s mind to rescue him after Cassandra Nova took his body and left him in her own comatose one.
That issue was undoubtedly the best example of Marvel’s “Nuff Said” experiment, where no comics released during that month had dialogue. Morrison and artist Frank Quitely were able to tell so much strictly through art that it transcended the need for words, particularly about Jean and Emma. And as they’re professed lovers of that issue, it’s no surprise that to kick off their Giant Sized X-Men specials, Jonathan Hickman and Russell Dauterman decided to use an homage to it in order to explore how the relationship between Jean and Emma stands now. The two are needed to join forces in order to venture into Storm’s mind after the latter is found unconscious and bleeding on Krakoa. And much as they did with Xavier before, the two team up to enter Storm’s mind and determine what has happened and where to go next.
Direct homages are a tricky proposition, especially in regard to something so gimmicky as a no-dialogue comic book issue. The fact that New X-Men #121 is actually quite good — a rarity among the “Nuff Said” books — makes it even trickier. Hickman and Dauterman are working against a very high bar of expectations, something they obviously knew going in. To their credit, the two are audacious enough not to try and lean away from the homage. Rather, they lean as far in as possible. There are many direct correlations to “Silence” in “Into the Storm,” and they work because the team nimbly put the books in direct contrast in order to show how Jean and Emma’s relationship has changed.
It’s been a long road for these two characters, to say the least. That said, due to the chaos of Morrison’s run and then Jean being dead for so long, it’s not one that has ever really given writers a proper chance to explore what they mean to each other. There were always moments here and there, but they were just that: moments. Dawn of X is arguably the first time Marvel been in a position to touch on it in any real capacity. Hickman sets the story here, and he’s able to find moments where the comparison works while delving into some trippy imagery.
In truth though, as you might expect from a silent issue this is the artist’s place to truly take center stage. And Dauterman shines brightly. He’s able to get so much emotion out of simple variations in posture and expression, truly capturing not only Emma and Jean are, but what they are to each other now and what they mean to Storm. There’s even time to explore the current dynamic between Scott and Logan, who make brief appearances as they wait on the outside.
It’s not just about the character dynamics here though. Dauterman’s artwork, while less psychedelically wild than Quitely’s was, nonetheless stays consistently breath-taking throughout. He and Hickman capture a couple little nods here and there to who Storm is in the greater MCU — a Black Panther reference is unmissable and appreciated, for example. And the imagery of Storm’s mindscape speaks volumes that words would fail to capture.
The story that Giant Sized X-Men seems to be kicking off is interesting enough, if far more within the lines than the stylistic choices. It’s certainly not bad by any means, though there’s a sense that it’s there just to facilitate this story and perhaps the Giant Sized X-Men: Storm issue arriving in a few months. But plot servicing art isn’t a bad thing, as long as they both properly create the narrative. That’s exactly what happens in here, resulting in a nicely executed exploration of all three of its leads in Emma, Jean and Storm.
Rating: 8.5 out of 10
New Mutants #8
Review by Jeremy Thomas
Last week saw Jonathan Hickman’s time on New Mutants finish up, putting an end to the book’s oddly alternating story structure. While the whole dual story structure had its ups and downs, it had largely outlived its benefits and it’s nice to see Ed Brisson get a chance to take sole ownership of the book. That said, New Mutants #8 may not be the best start. With the whole of the New Mutants in his sandbox, Brisson decides to start off with “A-Hunting We Will Go,” a tale that hints at starting a new arc but might work better as a one-off buffer between the previous two storylines and what he has planned next.
To be fair, this issue actually seems more like a coda to Brisson’s story with Armor, Beak and company than its own bit or a new storyline. Following the tragic events of that run, Armor and Boom-Boom are feeling somewhat like they need a win. That leads them to Nova Roma, the faux-Classical Roman community hidden within Brazil that Magma calls home. Magma has brought them to Nova Roma to deal with the fact that Brazil — a nation hostile to Krakoa — is also seemingly home to creatures that hunt down mutants attempting to escape to their new homeland-to-be. That leads them on a mission to make the Krakoan gateway safe, which means combat with some dangerous monsters in the jungle.
To Brisson’s credit, he does his best to make “A-Hunting We Will Go” more overtly a “fun read” style of book than an issue capturing the weightier concerns that titles like X-Men and X-Force are doing. And he’s at least somewhat successful at that. A team-up consisting of Boom-Boom, Armor and Magma isn’t one I would have pictures as working, but it’s nice to see Amara interacting with someone who isn’t one of the original New Mutants for once. Boom-Boom adds her usual snark and Armor is mostly there to provide some more competence. They mesh well enough and the dialogue between them flows easily. Brisson mostly has the characters down solidly; though Amara’s voice does feel slightly generic, that’s more a case of the character suffering for
years from being underwritten than anything else.
The biggest problem that the issue has is that the story is not only slight, it’s brushing up against people and places that are hard to care about. Nova Roma was never a good idea, nor has it ever been executed particularly well. Here, it’s just used as a launching point for a fight that feels more perfunctory than anything else. The lack of attention paid Magma over the years has made her the least interesting original New Mutant by a country mile. Perhaps if she’d been in Brisson or Hickman’s previous arcs of this volume we’d have found more reason to care, but it’s just not here.
Even with those complaints, it’s hard to argue that this is a particularly bad issue. The action is well-executed and Marco Failla’s animated style fits well with the feel of the story. I can’t say enough good things about Carlos Lopez’s color work either; Lopez makes the action pop and lends the appropriate tone to a Sebastian Shaw scene which gives that character some more nuance after his straight-up villainous actions in Marauders. Coming to this issue for a fascinating story will leave you disappointed, but it’s at least pretty to look at and carries the status quo of Brisson’s New Mutants work so far. I just hope he picks things up here soon before “passable” becomes the norm for a title that deserves much more than that.
Rating: 6.5 out of 10
X-Men /Fantastic Four #2
Review by Jeremy Thomas
The first issue of X-Men/Fantastic Four saw Chip Zdarsky do a lot of work setting up the conflict for the series, as Franklin Richards finds himself caught between his parents and the nation that has been labeled as mutantkind’s birthright. That book did a deft job of engaging the dynamics of blood family vs. community, a topic that Dawn of X is well-positioned to handle. While there were certainly some major mistakes and questionable intentions on both sides, Zdarsky smartly positioned Franklin as the centerpiece and not a side character in what is essentially his story.
That positioning shifts in the second issue, “Broken Borders.” While Franklin is certainly present in the issue, he is essentially a walking, sometimes-talking MacGuffin. Whereas Kate Pryde empowered Franklin to make his own choices last issue, this issue is all about the adults and how they’re dealing with the situation. That includes both the X-Men and the Fantastic Four, but also Doom who showed up at the end of last issue. Even Kate and Franklin’s younger sister Valeria – who often acts like an adult due to her genius intellect – do it. Everyone is talking about Franklin, but no one’s really talking to him in this issue.
That decision feels like it’s done by design. It’s certainly not that Kate or Val are ignoring Franklin’s wishes, but the Doom’s appearance on the scene escalates the situation and that means the adults need to handle some things. Zdarsky captures the essence of what it’s like to be in the middle of a situation like this. A lot of people can relate to family and/or friends situations when everyone else is arguing about you, but no one is actually looking to you to see what you feel about the situation. This is a big part of what kind of story Zdarsky seems to be telling and it’s well laid-out.
That said, with Franklin largely out of the active participation it means that there’s plenty of room for conflict. Mostly, of course, that’s on the part of the X-Men and FF. Zdarsky knows his characters well, and Terry Dodson and Rachel Dodson’s art (along with Rachel’s fellow inkers Karl Story and Ransom Getty) nails the punching and powers aspects of the issue. Dodson’s renditions of Doom are a delight, although the less masked characters have some expressions that come off a bit less lively than they should be.
Much like the first issue set up the conflict, this second issue is mostly there to build complications in. The thematic debate is still there, but it takes a bit of a backseat to plot development and action. That’s not necessarily a bad thing, although it does make this more of a table-setting issue than it is one with satisfying emotional payoff. As with any good miniseries, there’s still plenty of twists to go even with only two issues left and we’re left with an intriguing and potentially dangerous complication that provides more than sufficient reason to continue reading on. Whether you’re an X-Men fan or Fantastic Four fan, “Broken Borders” won’t have the immediate draw of the first issue but does tell the next step quite solidly.
Rating: 7.5 out of 10
X-Men #7
Review by Jeremy Thomas
There’s a lot to be said about what the Dawn of X line is trying to accomplish. The Jonathan Hickman-led initiative has not been shy about its ambitions, what with the self-separating mutant nation and all the themes, political and otherwise, that go along with such a tale. These have been big, world-shaking topics that in many cases have touched on themes, allegorically or otherwise, with real-world relevance. Not every X-Book is delving into deep waters at this time, but they’re all admirably using the new status quo to explore new storyline ground.
Of course, as the architect of the whole thing Hickman is most likely to reach into the weighty topics. And X-Men #7, “Lifedeath,” does just that. It’s interesting that Hickman chose that title, as Lifedeath has previously referred to Storm-centric issues from years past. Storm is barely in this issue, but the title is still apt as we learn how Krakoa is handling the mutants who were depowered during the infamous Decimation (aka the Scarlet Witch “No More Mutants” arc) and how to restore them, if they wish to be restored. The answer is The Crucible, an event that everyone on Krakoa appears to have a lot of thoughts about – and not all of them positive.
While “Lifedeath” is not a Storm story – in truth, she only appears in one panel – the issue is thematically resonant with the other stories with that name in a big way. The “Lifedeath” stories served as a test of Storm’s character, resolve and faith which is very much what The Crucible represents both within the narrative and thematically. Many of the Dawn of X books have dealt with the fact that in a world where mutants have conquered death, the stakes have changed. That development also means a lot in terms of faith, and we see that through the lens of a selection of characters who are strongly associated with faith in different ways.
Hickman raises a lot of very thorny questions here, and it’s to his credit that he acknowledges the thorns without trying to pluck them out. These are obviously not easily answered questions, and in this case it’s more about what the questions reveal about the characters. There’s been a noticeable lack of dissent among the characters on Krakoa to date (certain characters like Mystique excepted), and the ritual here marks a change in some key characters. This is the first stage in the discussion of what faith means in this status quo; if there’s no follow-up, then that will be a huge problem. But assuming that there will be, this sets up some very interesting questions moving forward.
“Lifedeath” is perhaps the story best suited to Leinil Francis Yu’s art to date on this series. Yu’s line work is stark and severe, which makes characters like Apocalypse loom heavy in their roles while others appear as conflicted as they should be. Hickman has had some very lofty ambitions in this series and his success in achieving them has not been 100%, but for all of its discomfort (and it is clearly supposed to be very uncomfortable), “Lifedeath” is perhaps the best example of him hitting his mark.
Rating: 9.5 out of 10
X-Force #8 Review
By Jeremy Thomas
Benjamin Percy has proven thus far on X-Force to know his way around a sticky situation. Krakoa’s black ops/intelligence division isn’t afraid to get their hands dirty, whether it’s in a literal fashion with the field team or morally dubious matters from Beast, Jean Grey and Sage. This has helped X-Force stand out as a top-tier Dawn of X book so far.
That said, we haven’t seen a whole lot of focus on deeper character development in the series yet and the threats have been largely episodic in nature. That’s not an absolute, nor is it to say that the characters don’t feel fully actualized. It’s simply that this hasn’t been the primary focus of the book, which has seen Percy and his artist collaborators of Joshua Cassara and Oscar Bazaldua busy establishing the book’s tone and mood. The first real steps into a character’s psyche were seen in last issue’s Domino-focused story.
Issue #8, the aptly-titled “Game of Dominoes,” continues that journey as she uncovers their mysterious enemy’s schemes involving her captured DNA and sets out to deal with it – and hopefully get her luck back in the process. This brings Colossus back into her orbit. The former lovebirds find themselves grappling with the topic of their resurrections and what it means for them as they head out to take out a major arrow in their adversary’s quiver.
As I said before, Percy hasn’t jumped too deeply into character introspection up until this point. But “Game of Dominoes” makes the case for those unfamiliar with his non-Dawn of X work that he’s just as adept with this as he is with visceral violence. Percy draws on the connection between Neena and Piotr in a way that feels thoroughly natural; their connection here and emotional ties feel real, and not just gbecause they’ve been through similar things. Colossus provides a different viewpoint that Neena, with their emotional disagreements speaking to the value of holding onto pain versus trying to divest yourself of it. These are heavy issues to tackle in a book where previous highlights include half a Wolverine continuing to be a killing machine and a group of masked shadowy villains plotting nefarious deeds, and Percy – aided by Bazaldua’s stellar art work – pulls it off well.
It’s curious to guess at where X-Force goes from here. The main villainous organization has been going on for eight issues now and feels a little undercooked, so much that their developments in this issue don’t play quite as well as they should. But that’s an absolute nitpick when the character work is so good. All in all, this is another fine issue that keeps X-Force near the top of the Dawn of X line where it belongs.
Rating: 8.0
ENIAC #1
Preview by Steve Gustafson.
From the minds of New York Times best-selling writer Matt Kindt and incendiary artist Doug Braithwaite comes ENIAC #1, the debut series from BAD IDEA – the disruptive and experimental new comic publisher pushing the bounds of the medium (and your patience) one issue a time. This is no ordinary comic book… This is the long-classified history of an unspoken superpower more formidable than all of Earth’s nations combined…and now its story can finally be told.
The Heroes Union Binge Book #1
Preview by Steve Gustafson
The Blue Baron, Windfall, Raider, Honcho, Protégé, Bull and Startup — together they form The Heroes Union, an all-new team of costumed heroes from legendary creators Roger Stern (The Avengers), Ron Frenz (Spider-Man) & Sal Buscema (Captain America). In this action-packed premiere, a call for help leads The Heroes Union to another galaxy where they must confront a cosmic foe who destroys entire planets not for conquest or for vengeance but for (SPOILER)! The Binge Age of Comics arrives in this 64-page, self-contained epic for only $3.99! That’s like getting a three-issue story arc for the price of a single issue!
Sounds pretty cool, right? And if you like that, you’ll LOVE the actual comic!
The Avant-Guards: Down to the Wire
Preview by Steve Gustafson & Charlie are figuring out just what it means to be “Liv & Charlie.”
It’s Just A Lot For Everyone To Deal With. Luckily the entire existence of the league doesn’t depend on this one game or the Avant-Guards winning, right? Oh, wait . . .; Heavy Vinyl by Carly Usdin and Nina Vakueva;FLAT RATE SHIPPING $9.95 *excludes bulky items
If you think bugs are ugly, take a closer look. One side of each block reveals a detailed close up of the insect featured on its opposite side. Colourful Art Nouveau upper and lowercase letters grace the remaining four sides. Explore patterns + etymology in a block set where nature meets design.
Note the sophisticated, decorative colour palette. The lettering beneath each insect matches the typeface. The styling and typeface pleases a designer's eye, so that Uncle Goose Bug Blocks appeal to both adults and children; as well as sophisticates and ruff.The BBC News reports that inner city students in London will be learning Latin from 15 university students from Kings College and University College of London as part of a project conducted by the Iris Project, directed by Lorna Wing, and sponsored by various classical organizations in the United Kingdom. Teachers and students are responding enthusiastically to the project, which is getting a great deal of positive press coverage.
This is a initiative definitely worth following as it progresses!The other wakeskaters to session his secret spot. Four obstacles — a fun box, incline rail, kicker and the Monster wall ride — were constructed over a 24-foot spillway on the Trinity. Pulled by a PWC, the contest had a freeride format and the best trick over each of the four obstacles as well as over the gap would earn $1,000..
Dieter Humpsch worked the kicker all day, progressing with each hit. First it was a back 180, then a back 360, and finally, a switch TS 540, which won him best trick on that obstacle. On the incline rail, Steve Campbell’s switch boardslide 270 out earned him $1000. Travis Doran and Andrew Pastura battled it out on the fun box, but Doran’s blunt shove was not enough to overcome Pastura’s 270 shove to front board. On his first attempt at the gap, George Daniels landed a flawless frontside flip and locked up a grand. And last, but certainly not least, James Balzer and Clint Tompkins both laid down some sick tricks on the Monster Energy wall ride, but the riders thought Tomkins’ super-clean 270 shove front board earned him the win and the final $1000 check. In addition to the grand, winners also took home custom-forged Trinity River Roundup branding iron trophies.
Invited Riders:
Clint Tompkins
George Daniels
Aaron Reed
Andrew Pastura
Dieter Humpsch
Steve Campbell
James Balzer
Grant Roberts
Matt Hooker
Travis Doran
Collin Gee
Beau Parker
Charlie Hewitt
Stefan Schriewer
For more information go to trinityriverroundup.com
Photos: Spencer Smith, Jeremy Linebaugh, Zach Moniz, Jacob Bocanegra and Bill GeigerCrafted in Carhartt recently traveled to Amsterdam to visit the Carhartt Europe office. Along the way, we gathered stories and took in the sights. This bustling city is the capital of The Netherlands and dates back to the 12th century as a small fishing village. Since its founding, the city has grown dramatically, with 165 canals stretching across the epicenter. The charming architecture creates lines that are slightly askew, caused by the buildings sinking unevenly into the wet soil beneath. Amsterdam is below sea level, after all.
There are more bicycles in Amsterdam than people, coming in at just over 881,000.
One of the most fascinating places we visited was Zaanse Schans, a functioning saw mill in a windmill. And just in case you were wondering, some of the workers do wear wooden shoes.
The Dutch are a fascinating, inventive people. They are warm and funny. They put their hearts into each venture and enjoy the outdoors. They hunt and fish and work with their hands. Thank you for welcoming us. It’s so wonderful to see how far the Carhartt family reaches.
Stay tuned in the next few weeks as we share the stories of several industrious women we were lucky enough to meet during our time there.The Conservative Party has never been the greatest of friends with the BBC and has long held the view that it is over paid, over staffed and all together to big for it’s boots. In among his budget cuts last year was a not too subtle shift of responsibility for paying for free TV licences from the Government to the BBC. Although it is phased across several years, in the long run it amounts to a cut to the BBC of £700 million a year, equal to ten percent of it total butget. Ouch !
In response the Beeb has come up with a great idea for a new comedy series. Modelled on the very successful charity fund-raiser “Children in need” . Each week an audience of wealthy pensioners who are over 75 years old will be asked, begged, shamed or cajoled into paying their £145.50 annual licence fee instead of getting it for free.
Sir Michael Parkinson, a former Older People’s Tsar, has been asked to headline the first show because of his recent expertise at selling funeral plans to pensioners.
It is hoped that Episode two may feature Rod Stewart, Mick Jagger, Cliff Richard and Dame Shirley Bassey, providing the BBC can persuade them to come back to this country from their tax havens. Of course they don’t have to pay the licence fee themselves as they are tax exiles. They have been asked to sing a spirited rendition of “Money, money, money” .
Negotiations are rumoured to be taking place with the ever popular Ken Dodd, because of his extensive experience of the British tax system, but the stumbling block may be he reluctance to give up his own free TV licence.
The whole series is still in the planning stage at present, but a BBC spokesman said they are hoping to raise many millions of pounds this way, otherwise they have to reduce some of the huge fees they pay to their star acts .
Post Script :-
Inspired by the BBCs response the Chancellor is now thinking of passing responsibility for the Winter Fuel Allowance to the energy companies.
I do not know where this group of tales will end? Will they be fairy tales, fiction, or factual? When will the politicians of Westminister, and Holyrood, admit we as a society cannot afford everything we wish for: Then tax us as individuals directly, or in plain language by a tax system, that allows us to make a choice of whether we support, the actual service being proposed was being subscribed by each of us as an individual. We all ready have VAT and National insurance and earning related tax, do we not. Why now all these proposed other indirect taxation solutions Who would support the BBC if they have to finance the funding of notifications of the actual licence fee, prosecution costs if advisable, who would pay and support all the administration costs, and how would the TV/Radio services be provided by independent authorities, and the National bodies such as the BBC.
This also to some extent applies indirectly to the NHS and health providers- insurance companies.
It is a difficult programme, and a thorny problem.
Relating to the BBC, and its current programmes recorded or live, political, factual, and idealogical, present to my beliefs, on certain occasions are not balanced, and under certain conditions I would consider of a bias nature. maybe the board of governors of the BBC may need to have an ethical policy, when considered on the whole as drama and total input of all programmes being broadcast can be strongly bias, and not so neutral. I realise we as a nation have through the BBC World Service, especially the radio service have generally broadcast facts which promote the beliefs and ethos of the UK, which in past days may have been bias in promoting the standards of the UK within the WEstern World/American/European ideals as we know them, for peace and harmony living together as one global society.
This brings most of the English speaking peoples of the world where ever they are Europe/Asia/ The America’s/ Canada/ Australasia/Polyanesia/Africa/ Asia Minor sometimes into conflict, as they discuss and debate world problems, in a common tongue. Assuming the BBC World Service is broadcast in English, or the local language of the country concerned assuming the reporting is concerning the British way of life-lifestyle, and not the politics of the actual country/continent being broadcast too?
Is this World SErvice of the BBC TV and Radio which may be funded by government central funds? also to be supported by the British Taxpayer Direct, within the licence fee?? Who pays for what and how is that achieved, without the input of a central taxation system???Install :
1- by using open iv go to
Grand Theft Auto V\update\update.rpf\common\data
and edit dlclist.xml then add this line:
dlcpacks:/tozu/
2-put tozu folder in Grand Theft Auto V\update\x64\dlcpacks
3- done you can spwan it by using simple train with name tozu
********************
have fun
Are you the owner of this mod? If someone has stolen your work, you can make a request for removing this mod.24/7 customer service. We offer Lithobid online for lowest prices without prescription
After you click price below you will be redirected to the pharmacy.
Related tags:
buy Lithobid in America ... 012#147012
buy Lithobid in Texas
no prescription Lithobid with overnight shipping
Lithobid and weight loss
side effects of Lithobid
Lithobid for women and men who wants to get pregnant
how long does Lithobid stay positive in a drug urine test ... =5&t=12240
buy Lithobid canada
Lithobid online no prescription pharmacy
buy Lithobid in Switzerland
discount Lithobid canada
buy Lithobid in Illinois
muscle mass and Lithobid
Lithobid sale
buy cheap Lithobid cod next day
buy Lithobid in Idaho
Lithobid no prescription overnight cod delivery
buy Lithobid in Leeds
where can i purchase Lithobid online
buy Lithobid in Gatineau
Lithobid online without a perscription
cod delivery Lithobid
Lithobid without prescription with cod
Lithobid no script
Lithobid drug no prescript ion
Lithobid tea ximo
Lithobid no rx
Lithobid cream dose for men
buy Lithobid in raleigh
Lithobid shipped overnight no prescription
can i take low dosage of Lithobid and levitra together
Canada Lithobid no perscription
Lithobid low price
Lithobid online doctors
Lithobid usa order
buy Lithobid without prescription in augusta
low cost generic glucophage cheap 50 mg want to buy glucophage side effects buying glucophage england onlineA Donor Advised Fund (DAF) is a charitable giving vehicle created by an individual, family or organization. It offers an immediate tax benefit and allows you to make grants over time to nonprofit organizations of your choosing. You can establish a fund at the Boston Foundation with a gift, which is immediately tax-deductible, and then use it and its growth over time to donate to qualified nonprofits anywhere in the world. Donor Advised Funds can be a sensible alternative to private foundations, providing flexible giving strategies with minimal overhead for you as a donor.
Gifts to a Boston Foundation DAF may be made in the form of cash, stock, real estate or other non-cash assets, such as S-stock, IRA's or personal property. When you transfer non-cash assets to a Donor Advised Fund properly, they can be gifted without incurring capital gains taxes, allowing 100 percent of the proceeds to be given to charity. You can add to or replenish your funds at any time, with no minimum requirement for additional contributions.
As a DAF advisor, you will have access to our top-notch Donor Portal, allowing you to see your Fund’s balance and make grants at any time. You can also work with your dedicated relationship manager to help meet and advance your philanthropic goals, and you may name your children or other family members as successors to your donor advised fund through a simple succession plan form.
Why a Boston Foundation DAF?
The Foundation was founded in 1915 for one purpose: to receive gifts from generous donors and to use those resources to make grants to the nonprofit organizations meeting the needs of Boston-area residents every day. Today, while many of our donors care deeply about Boston and Massachusetts, their philanthropy often extends to national and even global concerns. Grants from DAFs can be made to any qualified charity in the United States or abroad, and we have experience working with donors on this.
The Boston Foundation compares very favorably with commercial gift funds; we urge you to compare advantages. The fees we charge for administering Donor Advised Funds go directly to our operating budget, not to a for-profit bottom line. Boston Foundation DAF holders are therefore helping to fund independent research into the region’s most pressing issues, and supporting our special initiatives and civic leadership activities.
Through the Permanent Fund for Boston, the Boston Foundation makes millions of dollars in grants each year to Greater Boston nonprofits, giving us unparalleled in-depth knowledge of the organizations working every day to address the region’s most pressing challenges. Donors are encouraged to attend Foundation-sponsored events, educational programs and other opportunities to gain a deeper understanding of important problems and the strategies being employed to solve them.
We offer four investment options for your funds, with investment strategies aligned with the anticipated time frame of the fund, as well as access to established SRI indexes and our customized Impact Pool.
When you open a Donor Advised Fund at the Boston Foundation, you’ll be matched with a dedicated Donor Services liaison to discuss your giving goals, help you identify and evaluate nonprofit organizations and programs, connect you with other fundholders who share your philanthropic interests, create a plan that involves your family in your grantmaking, and consider the future of your fund. With the added resources of The Philanthropic Initiative, we can help you define a focus for your giving or build a grants management program.
Establishing a Donor Advised Fund at the Boston Foundation is quick and easy. You may download and print a fund agreement. Our Donor Services staff is also happy to help. Please call the Office of Development and Donor Services at 617-338-2213 or e-mail any questions you might have.
You establish a fund at the Boston Foundation with a minimum gift of $10,000, which is tax deductible, and then use it to make grants when and as you wish. You may recommend grants to any qualified 501(c)(3) public charity or operating foundation in the United States and to international organizations with the same status, subject to the Foundation’s standard due-diligence procedure. There is no minimum yearly grant requirement.
Learn more about our other giving vehicles.The two finalists to design a War of 1812 monument on Parliament Hill, who showed off models of their plans to the public for the first time in Ottawa this afternoon, faced a perhaps impossible task: respecting the Hill’s grand tradition for memorial sculptures while, at the same time, unavoidably breaking with it.
The history of public monuments around the heart of Canadian democracy began movingly in 1873, when John A. Macdonald—so shaken by news of the death of George Etienne Cartier that he broke down in tears the House—proposed that a statue of his political partner be erected.
The international competition for that commission was won, fittingly given Cartier’s pivotal role in bringing Quebec into Confederation, by a young Quebec sculptor, Louis-Philippe Hébert. Hébert went on to a groundbreaking career in public art in Canada, prolific enough for a full-dress retrospective at the National Gallery of Canada in 2001.
The high standard set with the unveiling of that first bronze in 1885 has generally been upheld. Cartier has been joined by 14 others over the decades, mostly prime ministers, plus a couple of monarchs, and a few other select figures in Canadian political history.
My favourite happens to be Robert Borden, cast by Frances Loring in a commanding posture suitable to a war leader. Many seem partial to the seated Lester B. Pearson, who is at ease enough that the bronze of his knee is worn shiny from kids, and sometimes their parents, hopping up to have their photos taken on the Noble Peace Prize winner’s lap.
What you will not find on the Hill is any monument (apart from a rather discreet row of plaques to fallen police officers) that fails to fit with the theme of Canada’s political history. These are central figures of our democratic saga. Other aspects of Canadian history are rightly memorialized elsewhere.
Against this backdrop we must now assess the government’s plan to plunk an imposing War of 1812 monument down on the very prominent lawn of Parliament’s impressive East Block. From the designated location, this new addition would look down on the National War Memorial in Confederation Square.
That alone should prompt doubts. Why would a separate monument to the 1812 conflict be installed up above the national memorial? After all, that stirring, somber marker to World War I, later rededicated to also honour the dead of World War II and Korea, has sufficed since its inauguration in 1939 to stand for our collective remembrance of military sacrifice.
Of course, a case for an 1812 monument somewhere can be made quite easily. But the planned location is highly problematic, and not only for its break with past Hill practice and awkward placing over the National War Memorial. It’s a patch of lawn sloping down from the East Block towards Wellington Street. The East Block itself is a far from neutral background: looming over the Rideau Canal in asymmetrical, High Victorian glory, it is arguably, after the Library of Parliament, the best thing on the Hill. Nothing should be allowed to detract from its neo-gothic mass.
I want to stress that the two finalists who discussed their designs today with all comers in the offices of the National Capital Commission seem acutely and properly aware of these challenges. Each sounded daunted by the East Block and sensitive to the National War Memorial.
Adrienne Alison’s design features figures of seven 1812 combatants in a circle. She said the dark metal she chose is meant to echo that of the nearby war memorial. Her group is tightly clustered, Alison further explained, rather than spread out, to respect as much as possible Hill’s sculpture tradition of mainly compact, lone figures.
Brian Cooley’s design features 20 bronze figures, ranging from First Nations warriors, to British infantrymen, to French Canadian voltigeurs, arrayed in two lines. He said their muskets are pointed up to mimic the spires on the roof of the East Block above, while gaps between them intentionally frame views of the National War Memorial below.
The care Alison and Cooley brought to their work is impressive. Neither design, I expect, would strike many Canadians as unattractive. But that should not be the standard applied here, as the government ponders its final choice. Either of these designs, and particularly Cooley’s, would be larger and more visible than any other monument on the Hill. And the subject matter is, as I’ve argued, jarringly unlike anything else there. The government has not made the case for this abrupt departure.
There’s no point rehashing the Conservatives’ broader push to elevate the War of 1812 in popular imagination, largely through TV commercials. Who’s to say which episodes in our history most need hammering home?
But the question of what monuments belong around our beautiful Parliament Buildings is more easily answered: statues of political figures. Reminders that democracy requires individuals to rise to the calls of public service and leadership. There are other places to remember war. Indeed, the best is just across Wellington Street in Confederation Square. Parliament Hill’s tradition is different and well worth preserving.The 200+ Food Test is our most extensive food test, ideal if you have consistent, multiple or severe reactions to food.
£290.00
Our most extensive IgG test, useful for clients who are suffering from consistent, multiple or severe reactions to food.
It uses FoodPrint, a immunoassay microarray technology, to identify food-specific IgG antibodies to over 200 different foods. This gives accurate information that can be used to adjust diets and improve a number of health conditions.Whiteline Plus 3/08+ Dodge Challenger / 11/05+ Charger Rear Trailing Arm – Lower Rear
Out of stock
- Description
- Additional information
- Reviews (0)
- Add a review
Description
Optimise rear suspension geometry with Whiteline suspension bushings. Often overlooked, Whiteline trailing arm bushings offer superior dynamic alignment precision by controlling excessive movement – providing driver reassurance for more predictable handling.
Additional information
- Weight
- 0.8 lbs
- Dimensions
- 7.299217 × 5.299215 × 2.000001 in
Reviews (0)
Related products
BBK 11-15 Mustang 3.7 V6 11-14 Ford F Series 3.7 73mm Throttle Body BBK Power Plus Series
Air Fresheners and Odor Eliminators 449.99$ + Add to cart
Akrapovic 09-12 Volkswagen Golf GTD (VI) Tail Pipe Set (Carbon)
Air Fresheners and Odor Eliminators 690.83$ +
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.(Beauty)
9-1-1 Nail Emergency
There is no doubt that you have already chosen a prized polish or two for the spring-to-summer season—maybe Nars’ Versailles or MAC’s ‘Liberty of London’ collab in Vestral White—but when is the last time you treated your nails to some strengthening lacquer or cuticle oil? That’s what I thought…! If you are guilty of neglecting your fingers and toes, it is time to maintain them to perfection with butter LONDON’s Treatment Pack.
With a Horse Power Nail Fertilizer, Melt Away Cuticle Eliminator and more, today’s handy—no pun intended—kit has everything you need to get your nail beds in top shape for summer. So time to remove your polish for a few days (bare nails can be chic!) and reap some serious goddess-like benefits. Think: sturdy nails that won’t break, clean cuticles and a smooth surface! Then, when your nails are restored to their prime condition, you can treat yourself to a full mani-pedi with one of butter LONDON’s killer colors…gameplan. xoRZ
Availability: Butter LONDON Treatment Pack ($72). For additional retailer information, visit Butterlondon.com.Our courses
I am a multi-award winning qualified financial planner, Financial Coach, Trauma of Money Method Practitioner, and Financial Abuse Specialist to name just a few!
I'm on a mission to change the financial services industry from one of complicated financial products to one that helps educate in simple language with no financial jargon (and no suits!).
Courses
For the first time ever in my life, I can say I do feel in control.
Laura Moss, April 2019
Want to get to know me first? No problem!
Listen to the Podcast and join my FREE Facebook community 'Money Expert For Women.'
Join The community_3<<NY IFB must be submitted via PASSPort. To access the RFP, vendors should visit the PASSPort public Portal and click on the “Search Funding Opportunities in PASSPort” blue box. Doing so will take one to the public portal of all procurements in the PASSPort system. To quickly locate the IFB, insert the EPIN, 84121B0040, into the Keyword search field. In order to respond to the IFB, vendors must create an account within the PASSPort system if they have not already done so. A pre-bid conference via ZOOM is scheduled for 11/17/21 at 11:00 am. Those wishing to attend must email the authorized agency contact for a link.
The deadline for the submission of questions is 11/19/21 by 5:00 pm. The bid due date (submission via PASSPort) is 12/10/21 by 11:00 am. This procurement is subject to New York State participation goals for Minority-Owned Business Enterprises (MBEs) and Women-Owned Business Enterprises (WBE). The NYS MBE goal for this project is 12%. The NYS WBE goal for this project is 15%. Any inquiries concerning this IFB should be directed by email, under the subject line “Fabrication and Delivery of Sleds,” to the email address of the Authorized Agency Contact, David Maco, at dmaco@dot.nyc.gov.
If you have any questions please contact Leah Archibald.Today marks the launch of Tech Xchange – a unique partnership between Aberdeen, UK, Houston, USA, and Perth, Australia, to provide global market-access and investment opportunities for start-ups.
This strategic partnership brings together the Oil & Gas Technology Centre’s (OGTC) TechX, Station Houston and NERA (National Energy Resources Australia) to link three global energy ecosystems and accelerate international growth for technology innovators and start-ups.
Leveraging the Tech Xchange ecosystem on a global platform, the programme will facilitate access to the market including field trials, customer validation and analysis. It will also increase exposure to early stage investment markets, which is critical for fast-growing high-potential businesses.
Through utilising the extensive networks of TechX, Station Houston and NERA to make better and increased investor connections, a unique service has been created that will provide a collaborative environment to help nurture ideas and businesses.
The partnership kick-starts at SPE Offshore Europe (OE) this week, including a tour of the North East’s start-up ecosystem, stopping at the OGTC, Elevator and ONE Codebase – meeting with industry experts and influencers, such as TechX Pioneers, investors, operators and service companies.
These start-ups will then become the stars of the show at the brand new OE Start-up Village – Powered by TechX. Alongside mentors from the North East ecosystem, these emerging companies will battle their way through the “Pitch Pit” to showcase their technologies, including innovative heat to electricity generation, wind power generation and autonomous underwater inspection drones.
David Millar, TechX Director, the OGTC says, “This is another part of TechX that is the driving force behind pushing it to become one of the most sought-after technology accelerators around the globe. We’re already delivering a world-class programme, TechX Pioneers, which in the space of 1 year has already created nine new jobs and raised over £1m of additional investment to helped commercialise new technologies. We’re delighted to have both Station Houston and NERA on board for the next stage of TechX. This is only the beginning – it’s already proven to be a successful partnership, and we will continue to work with the global teams to promote cross-industry investment opportunities for our start-ups.”
“As Australia’s Industry Growth Centre for energy resources, NERA recognises the challenges that many early-stage energy and technology innovators can face to access the global supply chain and connect with industry leaders on the world stage, which is why we’ve collaborated with the OGTC and Station Houston to develop the Tech Xchange programme,” says Miranda Taylor, Chief Executive, NERA.
“Through this programme, four of Australia’s energy innovators will this week seize this opportunity to create international connections for growth. They’re ready to show the world what they, and indeed Australia, have to offer the international oil and gas industry,” Taylor adds.
Gabriella Rowe, CEO, Station Houston comments, “What Tech Xchange will provide to the global market is exactly what Station Houston is doing within Houston’s tech and entrepreneurial ecosystem. Being part of this strategic partnership allows us to show the rest of the world the type of talent that is coming out of this city and its impact. While at the same time, we are able to be the bridge for our Fortune-500 corporate partners to talent across the world. We are thrilled to collaborate with both TechX and NERA as we continue to accelerate international growth for tech start-ups and innovators.”Is it bad to boil your vegetables?.
Why should you avoid boiling boiled veggies.
What vegetables should not be boiled?
She told Shape magazine that certain vegetables, namely those containing water-soluble vitamins, should never be boiled if you can avoid it. That includes cabbage, spinach, kale, broccoli, spinach, beans, and peas.. healthiest vegetables?
The 14 Healthiest Vegetables on Earth Spinach. This leafy green tops the chart as one of the healthiest vegetables, thanks to its impressive nutrient profile. Carrots. Broccoli. Garlic. Brussels Sprouts. Kale. Green Peas. Swiss Chard.
Why we should not eat?
Diet Keep it simple and drizzle roasted chopped cabbage with olive oil, cracked black pepper, and minced garlic. Add shredded cabbage to a fresh green salad. Add chopped cabbage to any soup or stew near the end of cooking..
Are fried vegetables still healthy?
They discovered that out of the three cooking techniques, vegetables fried in EVOO produced the highest levels of healthy antioxidants. The amount of antioxidants in boiled vegetables had similar or lower levels of phenolic compounds compared to the raw.
Which food should not be boiled?
15 food items that can be risky if not cooked properly 01/16Foods that should be eaten when cooked properly. Sometimes, the common food items that we consume can pose a serious risk to our health. 02/16Potatoes. 03/16Chicken. 04/16Cassava. 05/16Raw Eggs. 06/16Pufferfish. 07/16Pork. 08/16Rice..
Why you should.
Why..”Jun 15, 2017.Manual and COP Cleaners for Personal Care and Cosmetic Manufacturing
Ecolab manual and COP Cleaners are ideal for removing a variety of soils throughout personal care and cosmetic manufacturing. Strong foaming properties compensate for limited mechanical action in soaking applications or small vessels. Examples include:
- Sunscreen
- Pigment and mineral containing soils, including foundations, lipsticks and mascara
Specially formulated for personal care and cosmetic manufacturers, choose from a range of circulation cleaners, manual cleaners, disinfectants, additives and boosters.
Discover how you can develop a customized program for your facility’s specific needs that meet the latest regulatory standards and supported by our technical experts.
Manual and Foam Cleaners for CIP and COP Cosmetic Products
No Related Products were found
Related Personal Care and Cosmetics Solutions
Learn more about how Ecolab’s Personal Care and Cosmetics solutions can help your facility produce safe, compliant products that exceed standards, measurably improve operational efficiency and help achieve sustainability goals.
No related solution pages were found. be.
Conscious Language
According to Robert Tennyson Stevens, founder of Mastery Systems and the creator of a personal-development method called Conscious Languaging, our choice of language can either hamper or enhance our ability to create the experiences of our choosing.
“Language is our fundamental software,” explains Stevens. “It is the operating system that supports our thoughts and actions.”
Because our beliefs and behaviors are heavily influenced by our personal language “programs,” suggests Stevens, by consciously monitoring and choosing our language, we can effectively reprogram our lives. By “upgrading” our language choices, Stevens asserts, we can upgrade our attitudes, belief systems and life patterns.
So how does one perform such an upgrade? For those who desire guidance and coaching, Stevens offers a series of workshops and audiotapes that teach the principles of Conscious Languaging. For starters, Stevens advocates consistently adjusting one’s vocabulary and mindset in several key ways:
Remember that speaking is a self-fulfilling prophecy. Where your words lead, your mind and body will follow, so speak and think only that which you choose to have come into reality – now and continuously.
Keep your language first-person personal. Talk from your own experience and don’t say “you” when you really mean “I.”
Speak about the present moment whenever possible. Rather than recount stories about what happened before and how you felt then, focus on and say what you are experiencing now.
Be specific and direct. Don’t pollute your language by talking in circles, using conditionals (would, could, so that), taking on vague modifiers (sort of, in a way), or saying things you don’t really mean.
Speak powerfully and positively. Forgo the language limitation (I can’t, I don’t, I won’t, I want, I need) for the language of empowerment and choice (I can, I am, I will, I choose, I have, I love, I create, I enjoy).
Whenever you say the words “I am,” the words that follow are a declaration and are experienced by your subconscious self as a direct order. Statements like “I am broke,” “I’m confused” or “I’m so fat” only tend to reinforce those states. Instead, directly express how you feel about your current reality (sad, scared, hopeless), and then declare what you choose be and do instead.|
NOV
2021
About the Author:About Ironside Building Pest & Pool Inspections
Info about our company
Info about our company
Professional Building Inspections in Brisbane
Mission
We are a family business based in South Brisbane, QLD. Our goal is to deliver independent building, timber pest and pool inspections of the highest standards.
Philosophy
We understand that purchasing a family home or investment property is the biggest investment many people make in their lifetime. We work closely with our clients to insure efficient turnaround on reporting, assisting clients to make informed decisions on either the purchase of a proposed property or for the security and safety of their family and their home.
The Inspector
As the owner and operator of Ironside Inspection Services Pty Ltd, I value a professional attitude, attention to detail and clear communication. My experience in the construction industry spans 15 years.
Time that consists of new home, extension builds and renovations. I have a firm knowledge of the Building Codes and Australian Standards. I use the latest technology in pest inspection with minimal disturbance to your family and property.
Areas that will be inspected, but not limited to, are:
- Interior: Bedrooms, wet areas, living areas.
- Roof space: Roof structure, roof sarking, insulation and ceiling structure.
- Exterior of Building: walls, guttering, roof, patios, retaining walls, pergolas and decks.
- Sub floors: Floor structure. Support posts
Areas inspected but not limited to are:Colorado Springs Artificial Grass
At first it sounds kind of strange to envision, but the more you think about it, the more it starts to make sense. Can real grass be replaced with artificial grass – a synthetic substitute, which looks almost better than the real thing? Won’t it look weird or unreal in some way? The answers you are looking for is yes and no, because grass can be replaced and it’s not going to be weird. As a result, the idea of using artificial grass is becoming more and more common, and here are some reasons why.
What Is Artificial Grass?
Before getting into the benefits, it’s important to address any confusion there might be on the subject of artificial grass. First of all, the concept is pretty simple for this grass substitute. Artificial grass is made with a synthetic fiber or plastic. It looks like what real grass should look like and it comes in sections or widths which are unrolled on the surface. Furthermore, the sections are placed in such a way that the seams can’t be spotted.
In other words, it’s a basic process of choosing the “grass” you want and having it “installed” where you want your new lawn to be!
It Looks Absolutely Amazing
Home owners with beautiful and lush green grass will know what a big affect it has on the house. The whole atmosphere is relaxing and fresh, simply because the grass looks good. With artificial grass it will look just as good or even better. Not everyone has the liberty of having the perfect garden, which can be blamed on elements such as the weather, or soil that seems to love weeds more than grass. If this is the case, a synthetic grass substitute is the answer to your problem.
There Is No Need For Maintenance
Do you spend your summer weekends sweating in your yard while you could be watching the game, only to see your hard work die during the winter? Even though there are some people who love spending time cutting weeds and talking to their grass, for most homeowners it gets a little tedious. Time is of the essence, and you can save it by getting artificial grass. It doesn’t see the point of growing and there won’t be any pesky weeds to ruin the perfect picture. You only have to hose it down once a while, but other than that you simply enjoy the view.
It’s More Environmentally Friendly
For the good people who always pay attention to the environment, this alternative will help you in your mission. For starters, many people can’t really justify the expense of watering their grass, which makes artificial grass such a good option. Then of course there are mowers and leaf blowers that pollute the air more than cars. These are all things that become irrelevant once you make the switch.
The Grass Stays Green All Year Round
Apart from the mud and dirt, the worms and insects, or the dead patches underneath the trampoline, this type of grass will always look great. For every day of the year you will come home to a lawn that gladly welcomes you back. These are just some of the reasons why smart grass like this should be in your yard right now. Nobody will be able to tell the difference and everyone will probably envy your dedication as a gardener.
See more of our artificial grass installations by clicking HERE.
Thinking about artificial grass for your Colorado Springs home? Give us a call today at (719) 338-7846 or Click HERE to request a fast and free quote!The world of broadcasting is in constant flux, with undefined boundaries between broadcast, TV, film and interactive media. With a changing consumer demographic now a key influence on the industry, many companies no longer specialise in a single medium, but have had to become adaptable to deliver multiple services through a combination of media.
Within the industry, competition for newly graduated broadcast professionals is fierce and getting a first job is undoubtedly the toughest step. Anyone in modern day studies will know that getting a job in broadcast or media is not about waiting until after graduation, it’s vital to start building knowledge, contacts and experience while studying.
New entrants to the working world of broadcast will need to develop a technical foundation, whilst being able to demonstrate multimedia awareness, and more general commercial and legal knowledge. With such a plethora of avenues into the broadcast industry, it’s also important that companies in the industry take a level of responsibility for enabling students to be as prepared as possible for what to expect after graduating.
One industry heavyweight that is taking its social responsibility to the next level is NEP UK. NEP UK started its Student Open Day’s four years ago to address the lack of talent coming into the industry. Held at their Bracknell headquarters in October, NEP UK welcomed over 450 students from universities, colleges and sixth forms across the country, including the local Bracknell and Wokingham College, the University of Surrey, Solent University and The Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts.
NEP UK’s marketing manager Kayte Burns, said, “we were aware of the lack of people and skills needed for the future and recognised this as a challenge facing the entire industry. This formed the motivation behind the open day; a desire amongst industry leaders to encourage budding engineers and technologists towards the industry and to help them to understand the pathways available.”
NEP UK’s warehouse became home to a host of student experiences focusing on the technologies that they could be using on a daily basis. Attendees were able to get hands on in OB UHD and IP vehicles and uplink trucks, use fixed and overhead wire cameras, practice swooping shots with a jib, and talk to the engineers and operators in these roles. Students could also attend mini workshop on the basics of intercom and connectivity for OB applications.
Students were treated to a full day conference of speakers from every walk of the industry, focusing on developing the thoughts and minds of an increasingly diverse spectrum of workers within the broadcast industry – most importantly from the perspective of gender and ethnicity.
After a welcome speech from president for NEP UK and Ireland, Steve Jenkins, the conference began with a presentation from the BBC’s Peter Taylor, production engineering manager, gave an insight into how the BBC lays on OB’s for some of the most famous UK music festivals, including Glastonbury and Reading. Inga Ruehl, Sky Production Services’ head of studios also presented an inspiring talk on Sky and its career initiatives for young people today.
Sadie Groom, managing director of Bubble Agency, the global PR, marketing and events agency specialising in the media and entertainment technology and services sectors, delivered an all-round insight into the do’s and don’ts of interviews, and how best candidates can present themselves to prospective employers.
Groom is also the founder of Rise for Women in Broadcast, a not-for-profit, advocate group for gender diversity within the broadcast manufacturing and services sector. Rise launched its first UK-based mentoring scheme for women in February 2018, and alongside Groom, a selection of the mentors and mentees, including Anna Patching, a sound engineer at OBStv (part of the NEP Group) spoke on a panel dedicated to opportunities for female broadcast professionals.
Anna Ward, head of production at Premier League Productions, advised on staging an approach into the broadcast workplace. “Be clear on what you want to do; you will get knock-backs, everyone does, but you’ve got to have a thick skin. Definitely capitalise on the opportunities you’re given.” Fellow panellist, Sky’s Inga Ruehl, also said: “It’s never been a better time than now to be a woman getting into this industry.”
Bob Clarke, CEO of Mama Youth Project, a charity that trains young people from under-represented backgrounds to succeed in the media industry joined another panel on Diversity and Inclusion in the Media Industry panel. Clarke commented on changing stereotypes in broadcast, stating, “if we get it right in this industry, by default it’ll rub off into society”.
As well as a two-stream conference, NEP UK gathered many of its partners together to provide students with information on what their companies offer in terms of work placements, training and job roles. Those present included newly acquired NEP company, SIS, plus For-A, Ross, Grass Valley, Creative Technology, and Clear-Com, NEP Bow Tie, Ross, Vislink, EVS, Sony, Grass Valley, Techex, Panasonic, Calrec, Lammo and Luna Remote Systems.
NEP UK have created multiple initiatives a result of the feedback from the Student Open Day, including the NEP UK and Ireland Mentoring programme, which launched following the event. NEP also recently supported a Women in Broadcast mentorship scheme via RISE and are also a Talent Pool Member for Mama Youth – both which offer tangible opportunities to young people coming into the broadcast industry.
NEP’s Katye Burns concluded that she hopes to expand and broaden the event for 2019. “This was our biggest Student Open Day to date, and moving forward, NEP hopes to partner with even more new enterprises that address the skills gap in the broadcast industry to take the event to the next level. Our industry faces unique challenges, and the more people creating opportunity for the young technologists, engineers and broadcasters of the future, the.Hi, I am considering to buy a EHEIM Professional canister filter for my 100 litre (26 gal) tank. (heavily planted, light fish load). EHEIM web site recommended the Model 2222 (for tank size upto 39gal, pump rate 500L/H, Filter Volume=2.3L). But from the AP's FAQ most people go for one up, which will lead to the Model 2224 (rated as 66 gal max, 700L/H, FV=3L). I know that in actual set up the flow rate will be much lesser than the specified pump rate. But even at 50% I may still get 250 L/H out of the Model 2222 which is about 2.5 turns of a 100l tank per hour. So should I based on EHEIM recommendation or to up size as most people did ? (Also noted that both model may be using the same 8W pump!) Thanks for any advice. Any real flowrate measurement of both models ? Dennis (Singapore) _______________________________________________________ Say Bye to Slow Internet!Quick learners sing at Thetford summer concert
A group of youngsters sang their way through just two-days of rehearsals to give a vibrant performance in front of family and friends.
Some 40 youngsters took part in the Thetford Voices summer workshop during which they learnt numerous songs with the theme of Ups and Downs.
These included one based on a Shakespeare play, a modern gospel and even the popular Under the Sea from Disney’s the Little Mermaid.
Director John Weeks said the children, aged between six and 16, had all worked hard to learn the songs.
He added: “We had songs about mountains and flying and even sewers and things that are up and down physically and there were cheerful and sadder songs so really anything that fit into the theme.
“They learn very quickly and we’ve we certainly got to grips with the songs. There were about nine songs which means they have to work hard and enthusiastically, which they have done. At the end of the day they have to show they have great recourses of concentration as well as make a very nice sound.”
Thetford Voices will hold a further event on August 30, during the Thetford Festival, at Thetford Grammar will include a parents and toddlers session from 1.30pm to 2.30pm, a workshop for six to 16-year-olds from 2.30pm to 4.45pm, a Ukulele workshop from 3.45pm to 4.30pm and a Grand Concert for family and friends at 5pm.
Entry is �3 and booking forms, available from Leaping Hare on King Street or by emailing thetfordvoices@gmail.com, should be returned by August 23.Are you looking for leading free internet dating internet site that provides multiple online dating features? It truly is indeed difficult to choose the best internet site for dating. It is the case that there are numerous sites available on the internet although only a few really good and most reputable among them. When you are one of those those who find themselves confused with a lot of dating features offered by these sites, don’t stress about it. On this page, I will tell you what are among the better features accessible in free online dating internet site.
Some of the top free online dating sites present several kinds of online dating services like instantaneous messaging, voice chatting and video chatting. It is typically fun chatting with your date by using video or audio fields. In fact , you can share videos and images while speaking. You can even add and receive mail messages from your time in a faster way than when you are mailing each other.
Another amazing feature which is available from online dating websites is it is search engine marketing feature. As you search this website in Google or any type of of the well-liked search engines, you could come across a lots of dating web sites. But if you might join any of those sites, it will certainly take a while to be loaded. This will obviously lead to discouragement of visiting the site again just to check out if your particular date was found in the site. Actually it far better to spend some time looking other online dating services in order to grow your chances of locating your dream particular date?
On the web think it is the to know where your dream time is spending most of his/her time? Possibly the best features that one could find in totally free online dating services is the finish profile selection. Through this feature, you can possibly scan through different single profiles to determine in the event they have the type of relationship that you’re looking for. In case you are really going to spend some time looking at different background, you can almost certainly spend more time testing the picture of your online daters.
Besides checking out the photo for the online daters, you should also take notice of the other information given in their profile. This includes others and dislikes, interests etc. If you are truly serious about achieving someone, it will be much better in the event that you possibly can make use of the free online dating web sites to work with all the online dating opportunities it gives. Through the account screening and the complete search function, you can certainly increase your likelihood of finding the perfect diamond necklace.
Aside from using the totally free dating websites to search for your dream date, it’d also be better in the event you could try to ask around several of your friends, co-office workers and some family members. These people could possibly be aware of somebody who has met their very own dream partner. Through these references, you can have a better probability of finding the perfect match. Another approach that you can use is always to browse through the advertisements on the web-site. Most online dating web sites include a section wherein they let members to join up and list their requirements. This is a good means of finding potential partners seeing that these individuals won’t have the pressure of being reviewed by various other members.
In case you find someone in one of the classified ads, it would be good when you could make exposure to them immediately. You can both give them a trial offer or simply just ask if they happen to be willing to take it a step further. You may also give them a trial offer by simply sending a friendly relationship or enchantment messages and flirting with them in the messenger system. It is best if you this kind of while you are with this person’s account. If possible, try to mail a lot of messages just before becoming as well familiar with your husband.
An excellent tip that you can use is to make a totally free seeing site represent yourself. This will help to you construct a network of friends who have you can exchange messages with. Once you build a network, you can then decide which sites you want to register in. These websites usually ask for a small month-to-month fee. This approach is great should you be only buying few people by a time, or perhaps if you want to use a cost-free internet dating site in place of paying for other offerings.Bones of Joseph by Jeremy Northcote
Will Thomas is an American religious scholar who, rather ironically, has lost his religion. It seems, however, that his atheistic-leaning non-fiction books on the topic have attracted the attention of a mysterious international network of scholar-mystics who are intent on securing Will’s services to find an important ancient relic. When a mysterious rabbi shows Will a copy of an ancient parchment – a fragment from what appears to be a lost biblical manuscript even older than the Dead Sea Scrolls and which suggests that parts of the Old Testament were originally different from the surviving version – Will jumps at the opportunity to learn more about its origins. His quest takes him from Chicago to Switzerland, Rome, and finally to the Holy Land where Will finds himself in the middle of a Palestinian uprising centred on the Israeli occupation of the Tomb of Joseph, the alleged resting place of the fabled patriarch of the Israelites.
Various religious groups and governments are not keen for Will to find the manuscript or the bones of Joseph. With Israeli and Palestinian authorities watching his every move, shadowy religious groups closely on his heels, and US government officials keeping tabs, Will finds himself being drawn into a complex web of political and religious rivalries that extend to broader religious and international geo-political interests. He is joined by a Palestinian archaeological assistant whose military skills suggest he might not be all he claims to be, and an Israeli archaeological student who can well and truly handle herself among the boys.
The trio work together to find the tomb, and in doing so put both their skills and their faiths to the test, all whilst staying one step ahead of those who seek to foil their search for the famed bones of Joseph.AmazonGWADAR: (Dunya News) – Prime Minister (PM) Nawaz Sharif on Wednesday arrived in Gwadar from Karachi. He was welcomed by Balochistan governor and chief minister there. PM examined the development projects under progress during the visit, reported Dunya News.
PM arrived in Pasni by air and then traveled to Gwadar by road. Governor and CM also accompanied him on the visit. During the journey, PM said that CPEC was completely secure.
.jpg)
Later on, PM also presided over a high level meeting regarding the development projects in Gwadar. The meeting was attended by Balochistan CM, Governor, federal and provincial ministers and Balochistan Chief Secretary.
Addressing the meeting, PM said that the federal government was focusing on the development, infrastructure, energy, medical facilities and people’s social and economic progress. He directed the authorities to give the priority to the locals in the development projects.
PM expressed satisfaction over the security arrangements for the development projects. He added that Gwadar will change the destinies of the people of Balochistan as it was the gateway to CPEC.James Murphy’s Brooklyn Business Empire Is Growing
The LCD Soundsystem frontman is adding an eatery next to his existing wine bar.
LCD Soundsystem/DFA Records honcho James Murphy has been in the wine game for years now. Launching his Brooklyn-based wine bar the Four Horsemen back in 2015, Murphy and his business cohorts (who include his wife, Christina Topsøe) have long been among the early proponents of the current “orange wine” craze. Yup—not only does he know all the cool bands, he’s also ahead of the game in the dizzying world of vino.
Murphy is bringing that obsessive eye to a brand new business venture, as Eater NY reveals that he’s set to take over the location next door to Four Horsemen. The space was formerly known as speakeasy bar Larry Lawrence, which shuttered last summer, while the Four Horsemen got a big boost in stature when it was featured in an episode of Aziz Ansari’s Netflix show, Master of None.
While there’s no indication whether the new spot’s name is an homage to the classic Bob Seger song, what we do know is that Night Moves plans to deliver breakfast, lunch, and dinner, with operating hours of 10 a.m. to 4 a.m. Kind of late for breakfast, but I guess that’s just how Williamsburg rolls. The proposed lunch menu would boast turnip cakes, grilled chicken wings, and a matcha custard-filled doughnut.In the hostel you can eat meals and communicate at the events with people from Sendai or neighborhood. You can meet many people so you will have great days here.
Práctica de idiomas
Ayuda doméstica
Mantenimiento general
Some of them are Japanese so you can become friends with them and learn the Japanese language and culture. Maybe you can do language exchange with them. Sometimes, we have a potluck party at our guesthouse and everybody cooks their own food to share..
＜WE CAN GIVE YOU A RESIDENCE TRACK TRACK IF YOU NEED＞
We would like you to clean rooms for guests to have good stays as a main tasks. If you want, you can help running our hostel and planning some events. We require you to communicate with guests and make good mood.
Why don’t you have a fulfilling time and be with us?
We seek such people who:
-love any peopleare good at making friends
-like cooking, music or drinking
-like Tohoku or Sendai and try to share their fascinations
-communicate with people who stay around here as well as those in the hostel.
*️️️️️Number of workaway days
3 days per week
*️️️️️Working hours
For cleaning : from 10:00 to 12:00 (2 hours)
Other : Any time (ex: SNS post)
*️️️️️Qualifications
– Anyone who is on working holiday visa or student visa with working permission.
– Basic ~ Conversational Japanese.
– Fluency in English.
*️About the payment
-800 yen per hour
(which is the minimum wage of Sendai city)
*️About meal
We don't provide free meal to staff but everyone can use kitchen and make their own meal. There is a 24hours supermarket 10 minutes walking away from the hostel besides convenience store just 2 minutes away. Since we cook a lot, so you have many opportunities to share meals with everybody!
Inglés: Fluido
Japonés: Fluido
A bed in a mix dorm. And you can feel free to use kitchen＆dining, hair dryer,Bedside power outlet,Bedside light, coffee, tea, shampoo,Body soap, hanger,Iron and air conditioner.
You can take a relax time because sendai is not too much people. But there is many kinds of place. Plenty of free time to visit Sendai's temples, shrines and secret spots. And you can eat many kinds of good meal.
Our hostel is near from sendai station, 15min by walking. And metro station (7min by walking) also there.
Acceso a Internet
Acceso a Internet limitado
Tenemos animales
Somos fumadores
Puede alojar familias
Más de dos
About 2~3:
(5.0) Small Bedroom Interior Design Stunning Bedroom Interior Design Ideas For Small Bedroom Color Scheme Palette has 20 dominated colors, which are . The Hex and RGB codes are in the table below.?
With little boys and girl milestone cards, our range includes a plethora of options to choose from – be it unisex or gender-neutral keepsakes for when it's still a surprise.
Pause the moment with the cutest pregnancy milestone cards
Our gorgeous pregnancy mementos preserve every special moment as you grow, and transform it into an unforgettable memory. Whether you’re looking back at the first signs of a bump or as your lil’ one is a bit more grown up, the treasured images captured with our pregnancy mementos will stay with you forever.
Our unique designs make easy personalised baby gifts for families across Australia (or even internationally). Whether that little one is still in the belly, or has just come into the world, our newborn treasures, baby animal costumes and personalised toys are here to offer a touch of sentimentality and adoration.
Helping every family remember their most special events
Lil Creatures was created by and for Australian parents who want to celebrate every important milestone in their child’s life. We’re now a growing online community and store that stocks baby shower gifts, holiday outfits and little mementos for little girls and boys.
If you want to find something special for expecting parents or brand new mums and dads, Lil Creatures is the place for you. From first Christmas outfits to themed hats that make for memorable thank you cards, we prioritise fun, functionality and safety.
Not sure where to begin? For those looking for presents to give little people or the first time, we recommend checking out our pre-packed gift box range or reading our Lil’ Blog. We’ve worked hard to ensure our site can be navigated easily – no matter who you’re browsing for. We also offer tips highlighting some of our team favourites and fun things for kids of every age.
Have questions? Feel free to touch base with the live chat support team today.Kennels in Tayside
Are you looking for an affordable, reliable cattery or kennels in Tayside? If you are searching for caring and professional animal boarding should you be going away on holiday, please do not hesitate to come to Happas Canine Centre where we treat your pets with all of the love and attention they deserve. To find out more, or to book your cat or dog into our facility, please do not hesitate to contact us on 01307 820338.
Our pet boarding facility is located in Happas, just outside of Dundee and we welcome enquiries from all over Tayside. We can provide short and long term accommodation to pets including:
- Dogs
- Cats
- Small Animals
- Rodents
- Rabbits
We have a large outdoor area for dogs that they can run around in and enjoy, with all sizes of dogs welcome, no matter how large or small they may be. We are fully regulated by the local authority and we are happy to discuss any special dietary requirements that your pet may have.
Happas Canine Centre has a team of reliable and friendly staff that will care for your pet just as much as you, so they are not left feeling lonely and unattended to. Our kennels and cattery have been established for over eight years, however we have over 25 years of experience in dealing with animals, so we know how to make them feel welcome and loved in your absence. We also offer assistance with canine rehabilitation including hydrotherapy for dogs that have recently suffered injuries and need help with their recovery.
To find out more about our hydrotherapy service or to book your cat or dog into our kennels and cattery, simply call Happas Canine Centre today on 01307 820338 and speak to a member of our team. Alternatively, you can send us an email through our contact form and we will endeavour to get back to you as soon as possible.Quiz: Which ALL SYSTEMS RED Character Are You?
Do you like reading books with non-human protagonists? All Systems Red follows a sentient security bot, who calls itself Murderbot, as it protects a team of explorers on what’s supposed to be a peaceful mission which turns dark.
Recommended to me by a friend, I went in without any expectations and came out loving Murderbot and eagerly looking forward to reading the rest of the series.
The story is told from the point of view of Murderbot and that made it really enjoyable. Murderbot just wants to be left alone to watch its TV shows but has to interact with humans and I’m sure some of us can relate to that. Written by Martha Wells, there are currently four books in The Murderbot Diaries series: All Systems Red, Artificial Condition, Rogue Protocol, Exit Strategy. A full-length Murderbot novel titled Network Effect will be published in May 2020.
As we wait for this full-length novel, I decided to create an All Systems Red character quiz. Are you the anti-social Murderbot, brave Dr. Mensah or soft Dr. Ratthi? Take the quiz to find out.
In case you’re wondering, yes I got Murderbot. No surprise there.
If you’re looking for more books with non-human protagonists, we’ve got a nice list here for you. Enjoy!] [1801] [4996] [3347] [869] [993] [361] [1724] [4471] [18] [903].| go to entry page | | go to other departments |
Paulanne Simmons
"Dr. Knock" Makes a Timely Comment on the Medical Profession
"Dr. Knock, or The Triumph of Medicine"
Directed by Gus Kaikkonen
Mint Theater Company
311 West 43rd Street. 3rd Floor
Opened April 14, 2010
Tues. thru Thurs. 7 pm, Fri. 8 pm, Sat. 2 & 8 pm, Sun. 2 pm
Tickets: $55 (212) 315-0231 or
Closes June 6, 2010
Reviewed by Paulanne Simmons may 8, 2010
For some, the medical profession is the highest calling a person can follow. For others it is filled with quacks who are more concerned with making money than curing the sick. It is the latter who will most appreciate Jules Romains' enormously funny "Dr. Knock or The Triumph of Medicine."
Jules Romains was a French poet, playwright, novelist and essayist whose work was inspired by his philosophy of Unanimisin, which emphasizes the interconnectedness of all people. He was already a well-known writer when "Dr. Knock" opened in Paris in 1923 and ran for a stunning five years.
Although the play became a staple of European theater and the BBC filming of "Dr. Knock" in 1938 and 1968 was followed by successful revivals in 1979 and 1994, the Mint's production offers New Yorkers the first chance to see the French masterpiece in 72 years.
Translator Gus Kaikkomen directs a sparkling cast headed by Thomas M. Hammond as the charming but conniving Dr. Knock. Knock buys an unprofitable practice in a sleepy backwater from the equally conniving but less creative and intelligent Dr. Parpalaid (Patrick Husted) and his wife, Madame Parpalaid (Patti Perkins).
Their trip to the small town of St. Maurice in Parpalaid's ancient, barely functioning car (sitting on a turntable so it goes metaphorically no place) sets the lazy, ironic tone that makes the play such a pleasure to watch. It becomes increasingly apparent that the vastly unqualified Knock has something up his sleeve. The question is, what?
With the help of the Town Crier (Chris Mixon), M. Bernard, the town's schoolteacher (Scott Barrow) and M. Mousquet, the local pharmacist (Mixon again), Dr. Knock draws the gullible townsfolk into his trap, convincing these perfectly healthy individuals they are all suffering from a disease that can only be cured by a long and expensive treatment.
Everyone from the oafish Farmers (Mixon and Barrow) to the elegant Madame Remy (Jennifer Harmon) is taken in by Knock's officious solicitude. All the good doctor has to do is scrunch up his eyebrows and put a comforting hand on his patient's shoulder. Vanity and the natural fear of death do the rest.
The Mint production uses a minimalist set and a cast in multiple roles, proving once again that less can be more. Early 20th century France, dotted with many small towns inhabited by thrifty, unassuming and unsophisticated folk could not have been better evoked.
But perhaps what makes Knock so effective at cheating people out of their money and amusing the audience is the way Hammond makes it apparent that the doctor half believes his own lies. As we all know, the best charlatans are those who can fool themselves. And the main ingredient in most of the old-time miracle cures sold by medicine men was alcohol.
| lobby | search | home | cue-to-cue | discounts | welcome | film | dance | reviews |
| museums | NYTW mail | recordings | coupons | publications | classified |The new range of consumables for photocopiers has been perfectly designed to meet your economic requirements and guarantee you professional quality and lasting reliability of printed documents.
Offer yourself new perspectives with a high-performance, environmentally responsible and low-cost solution !
Download the range for copier - PDF 2 pages Contact us for a quotation
Do you want quality, reliable consumables with the same printing capacity as OEMs? We have the solution!
The process of collecting and recycling the consumables marketed by Armor makes it possible to deliver a solution that combines reliable printing and durable quality.
OWA consumables produce high quality printing, with colours that are faithful to the original.
On average, OWA photocopier consumables solutions generate 30% immediate savings.
The printing service margin is optimized in a sustainable way and the profitability of maintenance contracts is increased.
* Prices on pages given for information only; the prices are taken from the manufacturer's public prices and the Armor recommended public prices. The estimate is calculated on the basis of a set of 4 cartridges (CMYN) and will depend on several factors such as the average volume of printed pages, the use of photocopying machines and other parameters that can have an influence on page consumption. The savings achieved may therefore differ from those shown.
Professional services to ensure that your operating results are identical to those of an original consumable:
En savoir plus sur les services OWA
Photocopiers are very often covered by maintenance contracts as part of a global and automated print management system: The Managed Print Service or MPS.
The right idea? To offer you a range of consumables for photocopiers to guarantee and maintain communication with existing MPS solutions.
This will ensure that the photocopier equipment retains its longevity and optimal operation throughout the duration of its maintenance contract.
En savoir plus sur les MPS
Armor, through its OWA range, now offers about sixty references of remanufactured copiers consumables compatible with 5 of the main manufacturers on the MPS and photocopier market: Kyocera Mita, Canon, Ricoh, Konica Minolta and Samsung.
Download our range of copiers - PDF 2 pages Contact us for a quotationGenetics Home > Can Females Have Klinefelter Syndrome?
Can females have Klinefelter syndrome? The answer is no. Females cannot have Klinefelter syndrome -- they do not have a Y chromosome (one of the chromosomes responsible for male sexual development). However, although females cannot have Klinefelter syndrome, they can develop a genetic problem with their sex chromosomes known as Turner syndrome.
Females cannot have Klinefelter syndrome because they do not have a Y sex chromosome. The answer to this question is best understood by first understanding the sex chromosomes.
Chromosomes, the spaghetti-like strands of hereditary material found in each cell of the body, determine such characteristics as the color of our eyes and hair, our height, and whether we are male or female.
In humans, there are 23 pairs of chromosomes in our cells. Each cell contains 22 pairs of chromosomes that are the same in males and females (these are called autosomes). The remaining pair of chromosomes, the X and Y chromosomes, are not shaped similarly, and thus are not matched in the same way as the autosomes.
The X and Y chromosomes are called sex chromosomes. They are responsible for the differences in development between males and females. A Y chromosome contains genes responsible for the development of testes, and the presence of an X chromosome paired with a Y chromosome determines male development. On the other hand, two X chromosomes are required for normal ovarian development in females.
The cause of Klinefelter syndrome is the presence of one or more extra copies of the X chromosome in a male's cells. Extra copies of genes on the X chromosome interfere with male sexual development, preventing the testicles from functioning normally. This interference also reduces the levels of testosterone in the body.
Most often, the cause of Klinefelter syndrome). Females normally have two X chromosomes (46,XX).Las Vegas (April 22, 2020)—Las Vegas Aces General Manager Dan Padover announced today that the team has re-signed three-time All-Star center Liz Cambage.
“Last year, the Aces and Liz took a chance on one another, and it worked out better than we both could have imagined” said Head Coach and President of Basketball Operations Bill Laimbeer. “Liz continues to be one of the marquee players in the world, and we are excited to have her back in an Aces uniform as we continue our quest for a championship.”
“Last season was special—one where I fell in love with this team, my teammates, Las Vegas, and everyone at the Aces and MGM who help make us feel like one big family,” said Cambage. “I am lucky to be a part of this amazing organization, and am so excited to continue my journey here. I can’t wait to get back to Vegas and feel the love and support from the best fans in the WNBA.”
The Aces originally acquired the 6-8 Olympian on May 16, 2019 in a trade that saw Las Vegas send two players and its 2020 first and second round draft picks to the Dallas Wings.
Last season,.
Cambage entered the WNBA at the age of 19 making 56.1 percent of her shots from the field.
At the 2016 Olympic Games, Cambage averaged 23.5 points and 10.5 rebounds while hitting 58 percent of her shots.
In 2018, she returned to the WNBA after a four-year absence, helping the Wings (formerly the Tulsa Shock) to the playoffs. Her scoring average of 23.0 points per game in 2018 was the seventh highest in the history of the league.
Cambage has also played professionally in her native Australia, and in China.Hey it is great to be connected, and it is great to be local.
I am local
I am part of a local neighbourhood, a small community, a large city, a south pacific region, a hemisphere and strangely enough, yes, I am local.
Supporting local starts with my small community. You see we live rurally, we have a small block of shops – a butcher, 2 dairies/corner store, a café, hairdresser, 2 bakeries, chemist, post shop, petrol station and a pub – yep, that is about it!
Imagine this…
If all of us in our small community went to the heart of Auckland city for haircuts, our petrol, our prescriptions etc… the ultimate result would be our ‘local’ shops and enterprises would close.
Now, ponder the concept in our beautiful industry….
Answer this question – If none of the locals shopped in your store would your business survive?
For most of us in retail, unless we have an incredible online presence, and one that is globally recognised and very successful – the answer is NO!
So we can all agree that ‘Local’ is important right!
Next question – Look at your stock and your supply chain …
How much of it is local?
Yes, from your town, your city, your country, your hemisphere – New Zealand and Australia..
Do you make a conscious effort to support suppliers from your own community/country first?
Have you ever thought about considering the ‘local’ supplier over a big international player?
What happens if we don’t support ‘local’ – easy, they disappear! And, if the locals don’t support you, then the chances are you will disappear.
There are 3 reasons why I love LOCAL:
- I can build a personal relationship with my customers and my supply chain. They understand my market and my business model.
- It is more cost and time effective to deal with local suppliers – I don’t have the same freight charges, customs, import costs and time delays with delivery.
- It is a two way street – I support local and local support me.
The surprising fact is that when I have made a conscious effort to look for local suppliers, I have found in a number of cases something more brilliant than I could have found by going off shore.
But, then I am an individual, I don’t need to follow what everyone else does. I don’t need to have the same, look and behave the same, I am comfortable in my skin being different. I love being individual, different and of cause I love being ‘local.
I want to aggravate and agitate your thought process around ‘Local’…
So, how ‘local’ are you?
Are your shoppers ‘local’?
How dependent are you on ‘local’ for your revenue stream?
Do you support your ‘local’ community?
Do you engage with your ‘local’ supply chain?
Do you choose ‘local’ over international suppliers?
Here is one of my challenges to you for 2018:
- When you need a supply chain – think ‘local’ first
- When you work on growing your business, think local first – what does your local community want and where would they most appreciate the supply from
- Make contributing to ‘local’ part of your DNA – give back to your local communities
For me, yes – proud to be ‘Local’
See you in your local area sometime soon!
Thought for today:
-Kevin Kruse
Fondest Regards
HelenMain floor unit for rent in a fabulous family neighbourhood, close to the Boardwalk, expressway and so much more. Walk into this amazing home, and you will find carpet free floors, spacious living room with an abundance of light from the huge front window. Formal dining area. Stroll through the back of the house to the kitchen, with it's ample space and plethora of cupboards. Off the kitchen is the laundry area. Rounding out the unit is the three comfortable family bedrooms. Unit comes with access to front and size yards, garage and one parking spot on the driveway. Rent is $1995.00 + 60% of the utilities cost. Don't miss out on this amazing home. Smoke free, pet free home. (id:22076)I have two books I’ve put together based on my photography of native prairie plants. Each are available at lulu.com.Check out: IF YOU ARE A RETAILER OR LIBRARY you can order through Ingram Book distributors at.
The Prairie State – Illinois has this nickname because of it’s beginnings. Before land was developed into cities, industries, and agriculture, Illinois was primarily prairie. Vast prairies, ranging from wet marsh to dry sand hill, swept the Illinois landscape. Prairies were the jungles of the Midwest. Inside was a vast assortment of plant and animal life, probably similar in quantity to rainforests. Native American Indians had abundant food and resources from the prairie. But settlers were unfamiliar with this wilderness and saw the prairie as something that needed to be controlled so it was relatively quickly eliminated as they set up homesteads. Finding the earth under the prairie rich with nutrients they established farmland to supply food for themselves and as an industry to supply the cities with needed food. Today, sadly, less than ten percent of native prairie remains in Illinois. Awareness of the prairie ecosystem and the riches that lay inside have been studied and has brought new appreciation for the prairie. Efforts have begun in places to restore some prairie land in this country. Whether it is reasonable or valid to try to return land to a state or condition two hundred years ago, before European settlers arrived, is up to the politicians and scientific experts. This book’s intention is merely to acquaint my readers with the beauty and uniqueness of the prairie.
Sustainable Gardening– Changes in climate and environmental awareness has led to an appreciation for sustainable gardens; ones that require less water and maintanence. Prairie plants are the easy answer for both. These species have long root systems (equal to their above ground height) which means in times of drought they are able to tap water well below the surface to sustain themself. No need for frequent watering. FYI, they also are fire resistant, the plant and prior years’ plant parts will burn but the root system stays safe deep underground waiting to show a rebirth just a week or so after a fire. Last year’s growth is natural mulch and filled with rich nutrients for this year’s growth (Don’t allow more than two year’s debris on ground or you are providing fuel for fire.) Prairie habitats range from dry sand hills to wetlands, so are suitable for just about anyone’s landsacpe situation that has fair amount of sun. Prairie plants range from a few inches in height to over eight feet tall. They are perennial so return year after year…. for free! They tend to be disease resistant and pest resistant; they are hardy plants saving time and money for gardeners.The scenes in Tripura are causing major trouble for the democratic people in India. Tripura is a small state in India. A state which has been run by the Communist Left Front for years. It was a state nurtured by the Communist Parties. People got jobs, free education, food and medicine. The Communist Parties were successful in terms of giving the people a healthy lifestyle. People had economic stability and corruption was very hard to think about.
However, for the past five years, a right wing hindu fundamentalist Bharatiya Janata Party ( BJP) has been running the state as the ruling head. For the past four years, people have been facing multiple issues such as job crisis, unemployment, illiteracy and several other things. People protested, they even went on to the streets to commit suicide. The BJP led government has done the worst thing possible. They brought back the infamous 'Sati' ritual. A ritual where women give their lives just after her husband passes away. In Tripura a women tried to commit suicide due to the grasp of poverty when her husband passed away. One could only think of what the BJP has done to the state.
But the Communist Parties are on the streets. The party is the main opposition in the state with 45 votes. They have been the vanguards of the people. Few days earlier, when the Communist Party organised a huge mass protest, the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party brutally tortured them. They even attacked the state head office of the Communist Party of India( Marxist)'s state headquarter.Few years earlier they vandalised Communist Party of India's state headquarter too. They brutally destroyed multiple party offices of both of the Communist Parties.
The alarming situation in Tripura tries to tell the story of the biggest democracy in short. The Hindutva narrative has been rising day by day. Not only in Tripura, but also in the entire nation. Tripura is just an example of it. People, their minds are continuously getting manufactured each day. The countrymen are living in danger. Learning to hate, learning to create divisions among neighbours. In Tripura, the Communists were pivotal in creating a bridge between the adivasis and the others. But the BJP has already destroyed that bridge. The adivasis are deprived. As the party is ideologically anti-adivasis.
However, this is not the end. Our Comrades are also ready to fight back. They have been organising themselves for a more intense battle. They have started to take control of the streets. Hate mongering fascism can not win in any context. Our comrades will not spare them in streets or on electoral ballots. History has shown us that the Fascists do have only one enemy. The Communists. We remember everything. From Those burned party offices to the dead bodies of our beloved comrades. We will take revenge. Next year, Tripura will have the Assembly elections. Our comrades are prepared. Let's see what happens.You choose the period, deposit renewal manner and the way to receive the accrued interest.Learn More
You
Invest in debt securities as an alternative form of savings.Learn More
You can effect FX transactions with over 80 currency pairs, in 13 currencies.Научете повече
Trade on the Bulgarian Stock Exchange (BSE)Научете повече Station Technician - General Medicine
Overview The Nursing Station Technician is a hybrid position consisting of both Nursing Assistant and Health Unit Coordinator roles to deliver direct patient care and administrative duties. This position is working 32 hours every two weeks on the day/night shift and works every other weekend. This position is not eligible for benefits. Responsibilities/Job Description,Video: Couples get ready for a swingers party in WE tv's 'Extreme Love'
‘Gender baptism is not biblical’: Christian couple seeking to sue UK govt over school guidelines blasts ‘trans indoctrination’ — RT UK News
This dominatrix is whipping couples into shape with BDSM therapy (Video)
The 39 Best Adult Cam Sites of 2021
Outrageous moment randy couple ‘have sex’ while ordering food at a busy McDonald's
20 Scandalous Secrets From Couples That Swapped Partners
What It's Like To Be In A Webcam Sex Couple
Over July 4th weekend this year G stayed with us for 4 days.
But what should you look for when searching for adult cam sites? He is not the type of man that turns on most women: shy, kind, gentle, average looking.
We engaged in mutual oral sex for almost 40 minutes and then began making love.
.Nitty gritty details for the DSi below. I like the thought of the larger screen size and being able to use an SD card to view images and audio - still not sure if I would get one straight away though.
Original text from nya-chama below.Rumours have circled around the net for a few days now, but it seems they were true. Nintendo just announced the new DS model. The DSi.
The DSi is 12% thinner than its predecessor but at the price of the GBA slot. I has two cameras and a slightly bigger screen. One camera(outside one?) will be capable of 3megapixels.
It will have an SD slot to store photos and music; as well as storing downloadable games and swapping between the Wii.
Built in web browser (hope it's better than the old Opera version)
New DS shop will be available where you will be able to buy "DS Ware", software prices from the range of free to 800 points. If you buy one before March 2009, you will receive 1000 points for free.
A new service called "Nintendo Zone" will start similar to the free wi-fi in every McDonalds the US had a while back.
SO! People what are your thoughts? It's being retailed at the not-so-cheap-price of ￥18,900 (USD$180).
I loved replaying my old GBA games when the DS was first released but 4 years later I find myself with an empty slot all the time >.>
Will the camera will be used for any games or if it's just tobe used a simple camera...
I guess the only thing I would get excited about is the smaller size, the web browser and the new DS Store. Downloading games are so much convenient! *cought*R4*cough*, speaking of which.... will this be R4 proof? If so... how long before it's hacked?
Kotaku]Advancements in technology have transformed the methods students use to learn about the natural world; answers are often at our fingertips with a simple Google search. As a result, young people need to develop the skills to navigate an information-rich society alongside their scientific practices as described in the Next Generation Science Standards (NGSS). Our students’ technology-based culture, methods of communication and recreation, and ways of knowing are changing as well. The ways in which society engages with nature and technology will have profound impacts on our future. Taking time to slow down to find the pulse of our planet through observations in nature requires both technological literacy and a curious mind, both essential for the future of scientific practice and discovery. In order to challenge the ways my students critically think about information, I created a year-long citizen science learning experience for students to collect authentic data from nature observations. This turned into a powerful tool for marrying technology and nature in the classroom setting.
Citizen science is the collection and recording of data by the general public and includes a variety of projects and visualization tools that are accessible through various websites or apps. This data is often used for the benefit of researchers, other educators, resource managers, and important decision makers in conservation. These platforms also provide students at increasingly younger ages the opportunity to work with large quantities of data. In my classroom, our year-spanning guided inquiry connected students to nature, empowered them as scientists, provided new perspectives on environmental indicators of climate change, and developed skills that would reach beyond the classroom.
Planning to Connect Students to Nature Through Inquiry and Technology
When I asked my rural, Midwestern seventh-grade students about their sunshine-filled weekends, I was surprised that many would explain they spent their time indoors playing video games, watching Netflix, or engaging with other technology. My students seemed to be missing out on those vivid nature-based experiences I reflect on so fondly as an adult. This could have consequences for the conservation of our planet, as many environmental studies suggest that nature connection is a fundamental building block for creating future environmental stewards (Louv, 2005). I wanted to help my students develop an appreciation for the outdoors.
To develop this appreciation, my students needed to learn how to take their time noticing elements of nature. Facilitating nature connection would be more powerful if students could integrate the key NGSS science inquiry practices, such as: asking questions and defining problems; analyzing and interpreting data; and obtaining, evaluating, and communicating information. Through these considerations, I developed a lesson that can be modified to meet both middle- and high-school NGSS standards (see Table 1).
Finally, I saw an opportunity to connect this experience to our real-world understanding of climate change. Phenology, the study of repeating yearly events observed in living things, is an excellent context for teaching climate change. This is due to the students’ ability to observe and make data contributions, just as professional and citizen scientists do, to databases that help us track environmental impacts of global climate change. As temperate forest trees have dealt with changing seasons for millennia, tree species have evolved their cued seasonal responses differently. Responses include temperature, sunlight exposure or a combination of both. These responses are especially important with the onset of rapidly shifting carbon dioxide levels and resulting temperature change. As temperature changes occur, the specific observable seasonal events or phenophases, such as autumn leaf color change or spring budding, will respond by adjusting their timing. Many of my students struggled to fully comprehend climate change prior to this lesson, and participating in this nature-based citizen science data collection was a great way for them to think more deeply about evidence and the earth as an interacting system of cause and effect.
To support these goals and connect students to nature using technology, I chose Nature’s Notebook (USA National Phenology Network, n.d.-a). Created by the USA National Phenology Network, Nature’s Notebook is a free website and application that specializes in tracking phenophases in plants and animals. The opportunity to evaluate large phenology datasets through a visualization tool, while learning to understand the data collection process, helps my students draw conclusions about seasonal trends over time.
I hunted my school grounds and chose a green ash tree (Fraxinus pennsylvanica) on campus for its easy accessibility for ongoing student observations. After creating an observation deck on Nature’s Notebook, I downloaded a species profile on the green ash tree which provided general background, phenophase definitions, and a data collection sheet (USA National Phenology Network, n.d.-b) (see Figure 1). Starting in the fall season and extending into spring, some of the specific phenophases observed and recorded by my students on the data collection sheet were colored leaves, falling leaves, breaking leaf buds, and pollen release.
Figure 1. Green Ash Tree Data Collection Sheet Developed by the USA National Phenology Network. Note. This figure shows an example of a free, downloadable phenology protocol developed by the USA National Phenology Network. This example is a free downloadable phenology green ash datasheet from Nature’s Notebook (USA National Phenology Network, n.d.-b) with accompanying phenophases extending through the year.
I also located a grove of trees and bushes of various species at my school. This location became the place where students would select their “nature nook” (McGowan et al., 2010), a sit spot where students would return throughout the year to deepen their exposure to natural settings and develop their observation skills.
Nature Nook Books
To kick off my yearlong, nature-based citizen science project, I started with an observation activity in the fall. I wanted to engage and introduce my students to observing aspects of nature with a nature nook book (see Figure 2).
Figure 2. Student Nature Nook Book with Student Drawing.
After we arrived at the grove, I asked my students to use their nature nook book to record their questions about the plants they saw in their nature nook. We revisited their nature nooks multiple times throughout the year. For this first observation, I encouraged students to share their questions with peers, which ultimately allowed me to introduce the terms phenology and phenophase.
After students shared their initial observations, I introduced the importance of citizen science and how they would be serving as scientists. My students began up-close observations of our green ash tree, which continued throughout the year. Each time we visited the tree, we took an additional 20 minutes to visit their nature nook to hunt for other examples of phenophases.
After our time outdoors, we returned to the classroom and submitted our green ash tree data to Nature’s Notebook. Students honed in their observation skills by taking a total of eight different observations throughout the school year.
Guided Inquiry
To scaffold and model the inquiry process for my students, our guided inquiry took place after the class completed their final spring observations and focused on manipulating our green ash data, as well as green ash data from across the United States, using the online Nature’s Notebook visualization tool. Data were provided by the USA National Phenology Network and the many participants who contribute to its Nature’s Notebook program. We focused specifically on the spring phenophase “breaking leaf buds” because students had recently observed it and it is a strong indicator of spring timing and climate change.
To support students in navigating the visualization tool, I created a video with directions on how to generate budburst data on the green ash tree from 2014 to 2019. We discussed the fact that climate refers to an extended period of time, and that this five-year period represented a relatively small snapshot. I added a new template to my students’ nature nook book that aided them in plotting data and identifying trends in the green ash’s spring phenophase (see Figure 3).
Figure 3. Nature Nook Book Data Collection Template. Note. This figure shows a sample of student work. Students viewed the online visualization tool and transferred colored hash mark data from 2014 to 2019 to their template in order to identify trends in spring phenophases.
After plotting the data, students analyzed, interpreted, and searched for trends in the spring phenophases from year to year. Students were asked to contemplate a series of questions:
- Are the timing of seasonal changes the same each year? Why or why not?
- What changes in phenophase timing can you identify from year to year in your data?
- How would you predict the following year’s data to look, based on your current data?
During the class discussion that followed, students shared their reasoning for the observed shifts in the spring phenophases. Students concluded that the planet’s driving force for many seasonal changes was based on climate and that the trees were responding to those changes. This was an exciting moment as I watched my students discover climate change and understand it in a unique way.
Concluding Thoughts
The Nature’s Notebook platform served as the method for not only engaging my students in nature, but also bringing important evidence-based conversations on climate change, using real world datasets, into the classroom. What I found most rewarding, beyond the simple excitement my students had for being outdoors, was students’ responses when I asked if I should repeat this lesson with future students. They responded without hesitation, explaining that I should, and they began to share what they had learned from this work. I was delighted to hear several students chime in that timing is “the Earth’s way of sending messages” and describing their realization that “climate change was happening in [their] backyard.” Nature’s Notebook was not just a method of guiding my students through inquiry, but also set the foundation for promoting self-efficacy in full inquiry in the future. I began to understand phenology as a tool for making both seasonal and climate change tangible.
Climate is not the only thing changing that’s important in education. The work of adapting Nature’s Notebook tools and datasets for my students changed me as well. When teachers are allowed to pursue their passions and curiosity alongside resources for professional learning, the simplest idea can evolve to create something new.
Beth Keskey is a life science and Earth science teacher at Dassel-Cokato Middle School, located in Cokato, Minnesota. She currently engages with Project Dragonfly, an educational reform initiative through the Global Field Program at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. As a graduate student pursuing a Master of Arts in biology, Beth focuses on biology education, multimedia, and community partnerships across the globe and United States. Tenets underlying her work include inquiry, voice, and community-based conservation. Reach Beth at bakeskey.bk@gmail.com.Fairwinds Golf Course is offering a new home school class.
Wednesdays, October 6 – December 1, 2021.
10:30am -12:00. Located at The Fairwinds Golf Course.
Lesson highlights
– Full swing, Putting, Chipping, Pitching and Bunker Play instruction
– Sportsmanship, etiquette, rules of golf, and safety.
– Fitness, coordination, stability, balance and power.
– First Tee Nine Core Values and Nine Healthy Habits.
For more information contact Coach Wille at williescott61@yahoo.com
Please visit our website to register.Our commitment to our customers is that all pad printing products have a 10 business day turn around time. After you approve your artwork and pay for your products we will complete your order in 10 business days from that time. We always try to complete your order quicker than 10 business days but our commitment to you is 10 business days.
For products that are ordered without logo our commitment is to ship your products out within 48 hours. Most of the time your order is shipped same day or 24 hours depending the time you placed the order.Junior League of Abilene’s “Oh What Fun!” Christmas Carousel is Coming November 4-7
The Junior League of Abilene will be holding the annual Christmas Carousel from November 4 to November 7, 2021. This year’s theme is “Oh, What Fun!”, and the weekend of festivities will include a Preview Party, Style Show & Luncheon, brunch with Santa, and three days of the best shopping in the Big Country at the Abilene Convention Center.
Want Tickets?
Each "Oh What Fun!" event does require tickets.
The Junior League will also be raffling off a Louis Vuitton bag, with the winner being drawn on Sunday, November 7, at 4 PM. You do not have to be present to win, and tickets are $25 individually and $100 for a bundle of five.
You can purchase tickets for all of the events listed below, and raffle tickets, here.
Making Spirits Bright Preview Party
The Making Spirits Bright Preview Party allows guests a sneak peek of all the fun at "Oh What Fun!" and early access to vendors on Thursday, November 4, from 6 PM to 9 PM. Tickets are $50 and include cocktails, heavy hors d'oeuvres, and live entertainment.
Dashing Thru the Show Style Show & Luncheon
The Dashing Thru the Snow Style Show & Luncheon gives guests a glimpse of the season’s latest fashion trends, presented by Dillard’s, and a catered lunch. Tickets are $40 and include access to the vendor market directly after the luncheon.
Storybook Sleigh Brunch with Santa
This annual brunch is a great chance for the youngsters (and the young-at-heart) to enjoy a delicious brunch and get their Christmas wish list to Santa before the holidays arrive, along with face painting and crafts. Tickets are $12 each and are required for all adults and children over three years old. Children under three get in free. Tickets include same-day access to Market Hall Shopping.
Jingle All the Way Market Hall
This year’s Market Hall will welcome over 60 merchants to the Abilene Convention Center, so you can shop everything from homewares to clothing to food items under one roof. The cafe and concessions will also be open. Tickets are $5 for general admission, $3 for those with valid ID (military, seniors, 60 years and older, first responders), and children under 12 get in free.
Since its inception in 1948, the Junior League of Abilene has remained focused on supporting and providing resources to underprivileged women and children in Abilene and the Big Country through volunteerism. Proceeds from the "Oh What Fun!" Christmas Carousel are used to fund various local Junior League projects in the community. Learn more about the Junior League of Abilene.BUSINESS DETAILS:
Precovid sales around 150k per month and original price 500k. Now we have only 2 employees and 2 part timers the sale is around 1500 to 2000 daily. If you add more staff sale can be increased to 5k daily.
Reason for Sale: Owner is govt staff and not interested in doing business
Rent: 80k
Price:175k (fixed)
NO TIME WASTERS
If anyone seriously interested with restaurant background who does not have full amount, you can pay 100K cash and own the RESTAURANT and pay 75k as PDCThis shallow flat made of calfskin and kid suede is of elegance. The traditional construction combines with the patchwork design, showing the beauty of genuine leather. Feel it and relax your foot.
- Upper made of calfskin and kid suede
- Breathable lining and insole
- Wingtip square toe
- Lace up closure
- Flat heel
- Non-slip outsole
- Heel Height: 1.8 cm
MATERIAL
- Upper: Calfskin + Kid Suede
- Lining: 100% Pigskin
- Insole: 100% Pigskin
- Outsole: 100% Rubber
Fits true to size, take your normal size
Model Number: 28068default search action
BibTeX record journals/corr/abs-1902-00813
@article{DBLP:journals/corr/abs-1902-00813, author = {Yuejiang Liu and Parth Kothari and Alexandre Alahi}, title = {Collaborative {GAN} Sampling}, journal = {CoRR}, volume = {abs/1902.00813}, year = {2019}, url = {}, eprinttype = {arXiv}, eprint = {1902.00813}, timestamp = {Tue, 21 May 2019 18.CT525 Chevy LS V8, 376 cu. in. Engine Displacement, Long Block Crate Engine Type
**$175 shipping included in price
Important Messages:
This item 12119331563 is made to order. It will be shipped when it is produced.
Info
JF2's CT525 Dynoed Engine 6.2L crate engine is based on the LS engine family and delivers serious power for serious racing series, including Super Late Model and modifieds.
It is similar to the 6.2L LS3, but we have Dynoed Engine 6.2L comes with coil-on-plug ignition, and an SFI-certified balancer
Notes:
- Dyno-verified horsepower and torque
- Piston rings are broken-in using a proprietary dyno program
- Lash and timing are individually tuned
- Dynoed Engine does not include a water pump or factory exhaust manifolds
- Circle Track racing engines from Chevrolet Performance include anti-tampering seals installed
- Engine is ready to race right out of the crate!
- Dyno sheet of your engine
Some parts are not legal for use in California or other states with similar laws/regulationsRecover Fast and Boost Your Energy with Quickdrip IV So You Can Get Back to Being You
Our lounge is conveniently located on East Carson street in the historic South Side of Pittsburgh. Staffed with the best state licensed medical professionals, we always welcome walk-in treatments, while also giving you the flexibility of setting your own appointments, or have us to come to you.
Quick Drips Menu
Lil' Basic
Half the magic.
Lil' Basic
Half the magic.
Classic
We’ve all had the classic hungover- nausea, pounding headache, room spins. Well here is your solution. Our Classic infusion includes a blend of IV fluids, vitamins, electrolytes, anti-nausea and anti-inflammatory remedies to detox your body and cure those dreaded hangover symptoms.
Supreme
Last night was a MOVIE. You need all the help you can get, say no more fam.
Health Drips Menu - $140
Immunity
Not feeling a 100%? This bag includes a blend of IV fluids, vitamins, to supercharge your immune system and fight off illness. Formulated to maximize the immune response of your body and protect it, this blend of vitamins has a critical role in your bodies detox and natural defense system.
Fitness Bag
This is a great addition to any athletes routine. Proper hydration and nutrients are crucial for muscle recovery and optimal athletic performance. This can help muscle growth and repair, metabolism, improved endurance, reduces muscle aches.
Jet Lag
Feeling like you need a vacation from your vacation? In addition to hydrating you quickly, our custom blend of vitamins and anti-oxidants will help you get back to normal in no time by increasing your energy and supporting your immune system.The Quiet Beatle
In these uncertain and trying times, we at Superior Scaffold Services are doing everything possible to insure the safest and most effective way to erect your scaffold job.
We follow all of the ever-changing CDC, OSHA, and GBCA safety recommendations and pass each certification so that we can provide you the safest, up to date solutions.
Alas, the world is a-changin’. So, I thought to myself, how could I do my part to keep everyone safe in these troubled times. And then, BAM! It hit me.
The best thing I could do is blog about jobs that took place BEFORE COVID19! Woo Hoo. Let’s party like it’s 2019!
Back in the day when you could carpool to work – 3 across a bench seat all talking and breathing the same air. Back when you could ask your co-worker for a swig off of their water bottle and not worry about dropping dead fourteen days later. And back in the day when you would work in the 100 degree heat sans mask, face shield and PPE.
Yes, those were the good ole’ days. Remember when you could borrow someone’s wrench without having to wash your hands afterwards (and the wrench too)? Or you could stand side-by-side and work in tandem. Heck, you used to be able to ride 7 men deep in one of our fancy transport platforms.
So here goes. How about this job at 1500 Locust. We’ve got some great swings, with corner sections, high above a brilliant canopy at different elevations over train station and store entrances. The Mara crew is doing a great restoration on this building. Now, I know you guys think I’m some sort of incredible genius, able to take amazing photos and then look at them and deduce exactly what the job is about. Okay, I am. Ha.
But in reality, I need to get the inside scoop from the estimator so I can accurately tell the story. Otherwise, you get blogs like this. (spoiler alert).
Anyway, I did what I always do and that’s to ask our brilliant salesman/estimator for info about the job.
This job belonged to the “King of Swing”, Bob Sarkisian. Most of you know him as the talkative one at Superior Scaffold. He loves to attend corporate events, particularly GBCA functions and Blue Book meet and greets. He’s always standing by the door, first to shake hands and welcome new guests. And when you talk swings, look out, he just won’t shut up. (Wait, this IS Bob Sarkisian we are talking about, right?)
Just kidding. He’s more like the “quiet Beatle”, George Harrison. It wouldn’t be the band without him. He doesn’t say much but when he does it’s usually a gold record.
His knowledge of suspended scaffolds and his ability to design innovative scaffold solutions is unparalleled but getting that info out of him is another story. Here’s how it went when I asked about the job:
Bob: “We did the canopy. Mara hung the swings.”
Me: “And?” I enquired.
Bob: “That’s about it.”
Me: “Any challenges, issues, special equipment?”
Long pause…
Bob: “Nah. Pretty straight forward.”
And there you have it, people. Brilliant! Capacious. Complete.
So, with that, we are done. Put a fork in it. Tip your wait staff. You all can see everything you need from the photos. Thanks for stopping by.
Okay, in all seriousness, he’s really incredible at what he does. His jobs are always top-notch and some of the most creative solutions out there. You will get the best, guaranteed. Just don’t be the marketing guy asking for details.
And if you need suspended scafffold, scaffolding, or access please call the “quiet Beatle”, King of Swing, Bob Sarkisian, at (215) 743-2200 today or visit.
And for today’s musical selection – well, need I say more?
#scaffold #scaffolding #rental #rent #superiorscaffold #restoration #inspection #construction #facade #masonry #canopy #protection #howto #erection #install #emergencyservices #masonry #whereiskt #suspendedscaffold #mastclimber #canopy #philly #philadelphia #pa #electrical #pa #de #nj #ny #md #hoist #buckhoist #lift #saia #excellenceisbuilding #transportplatformChinese stock up on food as temperatures drop and Covid spreads
BEIJING – Buyers in Beijing stocked up on cabbage, rice and flour for the winter on Wednesday, after the government urged people to keep stocks of basic items in case of an emergency, although it Assured them that there were enough supplies after a few panic purchases.
China’s Ministry of Commerce on Monday issued a seasonal notice urging authorities to do a good job of ensuring stable food supplies and prices before.
China’s instructions also pushed up domestic edible oil futures as well as Malaysian palm oil.
“The winter is going to be cold, we want to make sure we have enough to eat,”.
“There is no need. Where can I store vegetables at home? I have enough for my daily needs,” said a Beijing retiree named Shi leaving another Beijing supermarket.
“Even the loose rice has been torn off [shelves]. ” it is quite a deal. normal, .
“Currently, the supply of basic necessities in various places is sufficient, and the supply must be fully guaranteed,”.
“Even the loose rice was torn off [shelves]Said a resident of the southern city of Nanjing, writing on the Chinese microblog Weibo.
“There is uncertainty about the occurrence of Covid-19 epidemics. Once an epidemic occurs, people’s livelihoods will be affected. That’s why people are stocking up on winter supplies to avoid the impact of Covid-19, ”Ma said at AG Holdings.
Chinese authorities typically respond to Covid-19 cases by locking down entire communities where they occur, restricting movement to and out of affected areas.ANSWERS: 3
- <div class="section1">
Cell therapy has been used successfully to rebuild damaged cartilage in joints, repair spinal cord injuries, strengthen a weakened immune system, treat autoimmune diseases such as AIDS,.
Source: The Gale Group. Gale Encyclopedia of Medicine, 3rd ed.";
Here a good article about Stem Cell Therapy Interesting to read, easy to understand
Usually to cure a disease. "Cell therapy can be defined as therapy in which cellular material is injected into a patient. There are two branches of cell therapy: one is legitimate and established, whereby human cells are transplanted from a donor to a patient; the other is dangerous alternative medicine, whereby injected animal cells are used to attempt to treat illness."Human Work in the Age of Smart Machines, with Jamie Merisotis
Episode 248 · January 14th, 2021 · 37 mins 4 secs
About this Episode
As computer technology advances with dizzying speed, human workers face an ever-increasing threat of obsolescence. In Human Work In the Age of Smart Machines, Jamie Merisotis argues that we can—and must—rise to this challenge by preparing to work alongside smart machines doing that which only humans can: thinking critically, reasoning ethically, interacting interpersonally, and serving others with empathy. The president and CEO of Lumina Foundation, Merisotis offers a roadmap for the large-scale, radical changes we must make in order to find abundant and meaningful work for ourselves in the 21st century. His vision centers on developing our unique capabilities as humans through learning opportunities that deliver fair results and offer a broad range of credentials. By challenging long-held assumptions and expanding our concept of work, Merisotis argues that we can harness the population’s potential, encourage a deeper sense of community, and erase a centuries-long system of inequality.As prepared for delivery.
“Why the Northeast Corridor is the Greatest Rail Line and Metuchen the Best Station.”
I’m so excited to be here today. It’s a bit of a homecoming for me — even if only virtually. Plus I have the opportunity to talk about two of my favorite subjects: Metuchen and Railroads.
So, I have a brief presentation on “Why the Northeast Corridor is the Greatest Rail Line and Metuchen the Best Station.” It’s unbiased as you can see.
I like to make these presentations fun. After all, we’re talking about railroads.
As you may know by now, I am originally from Metuchen. My fondness for trains began on the platform of the Metuchen train station, where I would go with my mom and my brother to meet my dad as he returned from New York. I bothered the conductors enough that they finally started giving me their used tickets, some of which I still have.
Some years later, I was a history major in college. Around this time, I also became interested in photography, so it was the perfect storm. About 20 years ago, I created a website about railroads and their history, Railfanning.org.
Then, my hobby truly spiraled out of control, and I began writing books. Now, it may never end![…]If you have at any point had a scene of a resting problem, did you consider sex accounts as a fix? No. Why not Sex is seen as likely the best device to battle a resting problem it is furthermore considered one of the most mind-blowing time fixes. Sex accounts can accept a huge occupation in engaging fretfulness by stimulating your magnetism and empowering you to see the value in some pleasurable and satisfying sex not long prior to slipping into a tranquil and medicinal rest cycle. Sex accounts are remarkable for enlivening your sexual concurrence, so they really can fill a twofold need. Fun and rest, they sound like a really nice pair, right. The best thing about sex accounts, you do not actually need an assistant to get it done. By joining your accessory in the take pleasure in toys, you will be an indistinguishable piece of their sexual lives and your work will be secure as long as you share your hearts and your brains together.
Anxiety can be hazardous to your prosperity both actually and sanely and using sex accounts to torque up your association with the sack can genuinely assist with diminishing dangerous effects in light of a resting problem. Other than the obvious adverse consequences like awful appearance at work or school, relationship issues in view of sullenness, there are some critical diseases that can be assisted by nonattendance of rest. Taking part in sex games to help battle with offing these infections appears like a very nice course of action. The key is the release, or peak. That is what brings the body and mind indeed into a peaceful and satisfied state, ready to fall asleep. Thusly, keeping it hot in the bed room gets critical, and watching a pornography game or two going before bed can genuinely assist with keeping things entrancing.
It may have all the earmarks of being extraordinary to get empowered prior to getting some sleep. That is substantial if you are stimulating your frontal cortex through practice or different overhauls before bed. Sex is the huge unique case. Regardless of the way that you are creating endorphins that invigorate the psyche, you in the end release through peak and the frontal cortex de-pressurize. Not really with exercise or state, seeing a frightening film. Those activities stimulate the psyche with no release and keep the frontal cortex working long after the redesign is no more. That is what keeps you up looking at the clock at normal spans. There are heaps of concentrates that exhibit convincingly sex is valuable for rest and extraordinary sex is amazingly better. Rest is so huge for your mental health and actual prosperity, so is sex, and here you have a response for the two issues, sex accounts.The Administrative Console Guide
Full online documentation for the WP EasyCart eCommerce plugin!
Full online documentation for the WP EasyCart eCommerce plugin!
Manufacturers within EasyCart let you group products based on their manufacturer name. EasyCart offers a manufacturer widget to show in the sidebar on themes that support it. This feature really depends on your business and what type of products you sell, but at a minimum, you should at least have 1 manufacturer or business to attach to all products.
Enter the name of the manufacturer and adjust the views/clicks this manufacturer group received.We as well offer the possibility to use the facilities of relaxation activities. The main background for the relaxation is the inner swimming pool opened all year long. Further more we offer the possibility to use sauna, small gym or to borrow the mountain bikes or have a massage.
Sportrelax is situated only 3 kilometers from Mladá Boleslav and in its surroundings you can as well find the biking track.Growth is no longer an aim for businesses but is now a crucial necessity according to market research. To achieve business growth, an effective business growth strategy is vital. But what is a business growth strategy and which types of business growth strategies are the most effective? Keep reading to learn more.
What is a Business Growth Strategy?
A business growth strategy is a plan to help a business expand and develop. It can involve specific projects, new products or services, mergers and acquisitions, partnerships, diversification into new markets, promotion of the product line or service – or some combination of these methods. You can develop a business growth strategy using market research, or use a tried and tested business growth strategy for maximum impact.
There are three levels of business strategy, according to industry experts. A great business growth strategy will impact every level of business, so it’s important to understand each level and the role it plays in implementing a great business growth strategy. The three levels of business strategy are:
- The Corporate Level defines the organisation’s main purpose and will therefore direct all other downstream decision-making.
- The Business Unit Level defines the specific tactics and strategies needed for each market the organisation is involved in.
- The Functional Level defines the day-to-day company actions required to meet corporate targets and align with business-unit strategies.
Related Reading: What are the Levels of Business Strategy?
What are the Benefits of an Effective Business Growth Strategy?
There are many benefits to having an effective business growth strategy. A company can be affected in a variety of ways by their growth strategies, including the development of new skills and capabilities, increased revenue, market presence, and other factors.
There are both internal and external factors that impact the success or failure of a business’s growth strategies. Internal factors include things like having enough capital, effective management capabilities, and the capacity to quickly adapt. External factors include market demand, competition in the industry, government regulation, and other variables that can determine whether or not a company thrives or fails.
Why Not Use an Expert Business Growth Consultant to Maximise Your Business Growth? Learn More Here
7 Types of Business Growth Strategies
1. Market Penetration Strategy
One of the most common types of business growth strategies is market penetration. Market penetration occurs when a company increases its presence in an already existing market. There are two types of market penetration strategies: horizontal and vertical. Horizontal market penetration means that a company will do things such as spread their brand name to other products, increase advertising, or create a better product. Vertical penetration means a company will do things such as increase production, lower prices, or create new products. Examples of companies that have implemented market penetration strategies are Apple, McDonald’s, and Kellogg’s.
2. Market Development Strategy
A market development strategy is a business growth strategy that focuses on developing new markets to ensure that there are continuous opportunities for growth. This can be done by researching potential customers, developing brand awareness and understanding the value of your product or service, building relationships with trade partners, determining customer needs, and developing a strategic plan.
3. Product Development Strategy
This is one of the most effective ways to increase sales and grow your business. By adding and developing new products, you can attract customers who may not know about you yet. Introducing new products or diversifying your product line will help extend the length of time you can stay competitive in your industry. Product differentiation or development is an effective method of market penetration because it allows a company to distinguish itself from other companies in the same industry.
4. Diversification Strategy
Diversification can be another great way to increase sales by expanding your customer base. This strategy includes entering new markets or introducing products in related but new areas of business so you can attract customers who may not necessarily be familiar with your business. Diversification can be very effective for businesses that anticipate a slowdown or downturn in their primary market.
5. Business Partnership Strategy
A partnership is the joining of two or more businesses for a specific purpose or project. Partnerships allow you to complete work that would otherwise be too expensive or take too long to do alone, allowing your business to grow in an efficient way. Sometimes partnerships are formed when one business owner believes they need additional skills to achieve their goals, and they find a business that already possesses the necessary skills to work with.
6. International Expansion Strategy
International expansion has many benefits for a business. One of the benefits is that it can help with diversifying your revenue and expand your market share and operations. If done correctly, you could be able to increase profitability while at the same time reducing risk.
Another benefit is expanding your alternative assets/funding opportunities so if one way of funding were to dry up, you have another way of getting the funds needed for your business. You can also expand and develop your company culture while going abroad so it will be more inclusive and embrace diversity. It also allows you to embrace international financial incentives to start a business there. For example, in recent years India slashed its corporation tax from 30% to 22%. As one of the fastest-growing tech markets in the world, this could be extremely useful for businesses to utilise.
7. Alternative Channels Strategy
Alternative channels are a great business growth strategy because they diversify the customer base, giving you more opportunities to grow your consumer network. As well as this, there is less competition for these customers, which means that it is easier for you to stand out from the crowd and really capture their attention.
For example: having an online store and a physical store-front would be considered an alternative channel. Much online business is currently going through the rise of being able to have both, so you could achieve this and still have a steady customer base from your traditional brick-and-mortar stores.
Looking For Expert Business Growth Strategies?
At Growth Idea, we live and breathe business growth. With the help of our industry-leading HPeX Business Growth programme, our clients have been able to increase their growth an average of 168% in 18 months. With our expert growth consultancy services, you can find an industry expert to inform and advise you on how to achieve your goals and implement these key strategies. You can read more business growth tips and insights on our blog today or contact us to find out more about our wide range of services and how they can help you!
Unsure if your business growth strategy is right for you? Book a Business Strategy Review Today and find out all you need to know!Absolutely free matchmaking enjoys filtration enabling you to locate black color singles up to now in your town. Any profile showcases the manhood’s ethnicity, on his or her member profile. Free a relationship are 100percent completely free for those attributes, contains giving and reading emails, and witnessing that is regarded your very own member profile. Join up for free to get to know black color single men and women for matchmaking and relationship.
51 · Hertford · Hertfordshire
Ethnical beginnings is Black – I’m a 51 years old black single mommy who’s light-hearted and endeavors to not ever bring daily life way too honestly. I like cooking and hanging out in my relatives and buddies, entering the garden and BBQ. Enjoy view hobby and box set. Seeking a man with great eyesight and look who suffers from an excellent sense of .
48 · Birmingham · Greater Newcastle
Ethnical beginnings is dark – Fun loving chap that’s down to earth. Will state even more to those interested. I go employing the circulation very easy to make sure you. Excited by encounter an individual who prizes other people and wanting to talk if items become .
48 · Newcastle · Middlesex
Ethnical beginning is definitely white – i’m always happy . The very hard to disturb me personally. I love nice respectful conversations, with an indication of cheek. Always up for fun and try not to grab what things to .
44 · Manchester · Kent
Ethnic origin Introvert Sites dating is definitely Black – Iam a compassionate hardworking chap exactly who work tough via week. And loves to spend an afternoon with friends and relations regarding .
59 · Beeston · Nottinghamshire
Ethnical origin are charcoal – I’m just an ordinary Brit Caribbean together with profoundly deaf individual yet not hopeless or needy lol i am so cheeky genial in an excellent technique delights in occurring hoildays camping mountian cycle dining out ect I realize strategy to take care of a girl with regard which is a person.. looking for a proper long haul union .
64 · Birmingham · Surrey
Cultural foundation is definitely white – I really like web enjoying sports activities, documentaries films. Reggea spirit rnb pop. Some body thats type brilliant loveing genuine non materilistic. Our most liked locations tend to be Murcia and New York. I like to envision there’s depend on, trustworthiness and respect to help make a relationship .
50 · Wolverhampton · West Midlands
Ethnic basis is actually dark – I’m good hunting person who is maybe not bigheaded but a proper mannered, comfortable and down to earth man. Really an excellent attender and communicator and try to brings and views the views of rest. I’m low judgemental and won’t judge any individual based around looks, cloth points or all of these type of .
40 · Newcastle · Better Birmingham
Ethnic origin is charcoal – Hoping to find my other half, somebody to become easier with each and each and every death morning, an individual who would eventually get to be the passion for living and that I their own. Somebody to talk about ventures and enjoyable circumstances with. The perfect time for me personally would be to use dinner, around just where we’re able to really keep a .
41 · Birmingham · Greater Newcastle
Ethnic origins try Charcoal – I’m a 5ft 1ins large light skinned black colored woman who’s Aries ??. Im now being employed as a sales government and is starting up my favorite career as a regulatory associate in July this season. I might say am mystical concurrently enjoyable. I would depict myself personally as a knowing one who .
46 · Newcastle · Lewisham
Ethnical source try charcoal – Hello! I am searching for schedules and close friends. I’m excited by technology, politics and coverage, languages, running and swimming. I love planning to interesting pubs and dining out around birmingham. I favor moving and discovering newer destinations, like backyard recreation, theatre, playing tennis, volleyball, .
How to begin online dating once more after 50 with these handy guidelines.
Is on the net online dating not harmful to over 50s? Read additional information on being safe and secure on the web.
Thought our online dating member profile pic techniques over 50s, the following.Why a cheetah is faster than an elephant… and a wolf is, too.
The cheetah is the fastest land animal on Earth. No surprise there - everyone knows that the cheetah is perfectly morphologically adapted for high-speed running. But a wolf? Wolves do not share such adaptations as cheetahs, yet they are nearly two times as fast as an African Elephant. This pattern, where the largest animals are not necessarily the fastest, holds across ecosystem and movement types. But why is this, and what does this relationship tell us about the speeds of even larger extinct species such as dinosaurs?). This may be new to some of you, at least it was to me. In ecology, we love our power law scaling relationships (just think of metabolism, feeding rates, growth rates, etc.). And if our data don’t fit, we assume we’ve done something wrong. When I started working on a project computing movement trajectories for species of different body mass, I used such power law scaling relationships for speed. I then ran my carefully developed model, got some really weird results, and became very frustrated with my apparent incompetence. When I finally identified the flaw in the model, I had a really good laugh: the speed scaling relationship I used computed elephants with a maximum speed of 600 km/h (honestly, I would be really afraid of such an elephant)! So, this was the first time I really started thinking about this issue of the largest animals not necessarily being the fastest.
.jpg)
The cheetah is the fastest running animal but it is only of intermediate body size. (Image credits: Malene Thyssen,)
Although I would love to say so, I am of course not the first person to realize this. Others already came across this phenomenon in running animals but, interestingly, there was no mechanistic explanation for why this occurs. I started doing research on the maximum speeds of animals and soon realized that this pattern also seems to hold for swimming and flying animals, which so far had never been documented before. This made it even more interesting to me as I have a real predilection for generalities. I recruited my colleagues (aka EcoNetLab) and we started discussing this by covering numerous whiteboards with scary mathematical equations.
One of our whiteboards in the EcoNetLab where we tried to figure out why a cheetah is faster than an elephant. The graph in the middle finally gave us the critical information on which we based our model. (Image credits: the EcoNetLab)
Unfortunately, this didn’t lead us anywhere because, no matter what we did, we always ended up with a power law relationship (which certainly says something about the power of power law relationships). Our eventual breakthrough was hidden in a very old text book about animal locomotion where we found a simple graph showing how, during acceleration, the speed of an animal increases over time following a saturation curve. Based on this, our train of thought was the following:
- It takes an elephant longer than a wolf to accelerate to the same speed. Physically, this is due to mass-dependent inertia.
- There must be some critical time limit for maximum acceleration as energy isn’t infinitely available.
- These two assumptions together would already yield a hump-shaped pattern of maximum speed and body mass. It is not very reasonable, however, to assume the same acceleration time for species of different body masses. It makes much more sense that larger animals have more energy and therefore also more time available for acceleration than smaller ones. This gives us an allometric scaling of the critical time available for acceleration. Physiologically, this is due to a higher amount of muscle tissue and therefore ATP storage capacity in larger animals.
Due to mass-dependent inertia, an elephant needs much more time to accelerate to the same speed than a wolf. This is one of the basic principles of our model. (Image credits: pixabay.com)
So that’s it. All these assumptions together create a rather simple but powerful equation that perfectly fits maximum speed data across a staggeringly vast body mass range. The empirical data base we compiled to test this comprises 474 species ranging from 30 mg (a mite) to 100 tons (the blue whale) in body mass. We fitted our (seemingly magical) equation to flying, running and swimming animals individually and were surprised by how well it predicts maximum speeds across ecosystems and movement types, explaining almost 90% of all variation in the data.
We were so positively surprised by our results, we couldn’t think of any more to do. However, thanks to our co-author Walter Jetz, we now have a paper with dinosaurs in it – pretty cool, right? He suggested to find out how well our model actually predicts the maximum speed of extinct species. So, we searched for highly accurate maximum speed predictions for dinosaurs based on detailed morphological and biomechanical models and compared them to the predictions produced by our simple model. Surprisingly, again, our model makes similar maximum speed predictions to that of the morphological models by only accounting for the body mass and movement type. We thereby found out that Tyrannosaurus rex was probably relatively sluggish, with a maximum speed of only 27 km/h compared to the much smaller Velociraptor, which reached top speeds of about 55 km/h.
Although the guy on the left looks much scarier, you could probably run away from him. If you should ever meet the cute-looking guy on the right, running away is not a good idea as he is much faster than you. (Image credits: pixabay.com)
So, here are a few final tips: if Jurassic Park becomes reality, you might not need to be afraid of a T. rex running after you (except for me… I am so slow, I would probably be eaten). However, if you see a Velociraptor, you should do anything but trying to run away. Unfortunately, I don’t have any suggestions for alternatives, but running away will most likely be the last thing you do. Let’s just hope they stay extinct….
The paper in Nature Ecology & Evolution is here:Pew Research Center just released a report titled Teens, Social Media & Technology 2018. It’s full of interesting facts (as most Pew reports are). Check it out!
Here are some highlights from the report:
- Facebook is NOT the most popular social media channel for teens (but you already knew that, right?). Actually, it’s also not Instagram or Snapchat. Which leads me to my next bullet point…
- YouTube is the most popular social media channel for U.S. teens ages 13-17. It’s used by 85% of teens.
- Instagram and Snapchat are also more popular than Facebook. Again … you probably knew that, especially if you have teens in your life.
- 95% of teens have a smartphone. Or access to one – what does that even mean? I’m picturing my kids texting their friends using my iPhone. Not gonna happen 🙂
- 45% of teens are online on a near-constant basis.
- Girls favor Snapchat; boys favor YouTube.
- 88% have access to a computer at home. This varies by income and education levels.
- Gaming is still hot – 84% of teens game. 97% of boys and 83% of girls.
Implications for libraries?
- Reaching teens = using visual content. YouTube, Instagram, and Snapchat are all highly visual social media tools.
- Video is your friend. The top four social media channels that teens use are FULL of videos. Which means that you should probably be making some targeted videos, or at least you should be experimenting with them.
- Figure out ephemeral content. Instagram Stories and Snapchat both use ephemeral content – content that disappears after 24 hours or so. I know – that’s weird! But it’s also what teens are using. So if you want to reach them … take the time to figure out how to use those tools.
- You still need to be on Facebook. Teens might not be there, but their parents are. 68% of US adults use Facebook.
Lots more interesting facts in the report – go read it!
Trackbacks
[…] teens are up to, this is a must read. If you just want to quickly view the highlights, check out David Lee King’s recent post about the […]In this infographic from Parker Waichman, you'll learn more about what areas of the United States you're at a higher risk of death as a pedestrian. Interestingly enough, eight of the top ten metro areas listed are in Florida, including the top five. The only two metro areas ranked in the top five that aren't in the state of Florida are Bakersfield, California (#7), and Jackson, Mississippi (#10). Aside from ranking the top 25 most dangerous metro areas for pedestrians, this guide also looks at the safest places, the number of pedestrian deaths per 100,000 residents in various areas, and more. Did your hometown make either the most dangerous or safest lists?
Infographic by:Welcome to the Student Blog
Read articles written by University of London students from around the world, sharing their study experiences with fellow students.
Our student bloggers come from all walks of life, from a range of countries, some study independently and others on campus at Recognised Teaching Centres. All are enrolled in a diverse range of programmes.
Our students share a common desire for learning and dedication to improve their lives through further education. Find out what it's like to be part of the University of London's global student community and share your enthusiasm and experiences with fellow students all over the world.
Become a student blogger!
If you are currently enrolled on a University of London programme and want to become a blogger, please contact us. Make sure you include information on where you are from, what you are studying, your student number and why you want to blog.
We are listed in the Top 75 Student Blogs and Websites for Students!OK, so ZSNES has always had support for Mac OS X, but I've added a few changes that make it a "true" Mac OS X app. This is mostly adding configuration data to the ".app" bundle NextSTEP - I mean, Mac OS X - uses.
Sadly it did involve some mucking with the ZSNES code itself - mainly to change the main method (since I'm not using SDL's normal Mac OS X startup) but also due to a few other issues (such as memset/memcpy being too smart for their own good and bombing if they thought they'd overflow the buffer they're writing to).
I also had to add some code to ignore the "-psn_0_x" argument that Mac OS X passes to applications launched from Finder. (What's it for? No clue. And since PSN means "PlayStation Network" to Google, I haven't had any luck finding out.)
Next up there's some additional glue code to intercept the "open document" message Mac OS X sends. Unlike most other OSes, double clicking on a file registered to an application doesn't just invoke the application with the file as an argument - it sends a special message to the application instead. There's some other UI-related code changes (such as making the buttons in the About dialog work under Mac OS X).
In short, this isn't just "./configure && make && make install", there is some actual new stuff here.
Some screenshots:
I haven't really tested this to make sure it works, but if anyone wants to try it: ZSNES 1.51-3.dmg
My SVN repository is also online for the code:
This repository includes an embedded copy of SDL, which is missing any code not related to the Mac OS X port. Likewise, the Windows/DOS specific code for ZSNES is missing in that repository.Before my first son was even born, my extremely talented mom had made him a puppet theater for puppet shows. She found the old tv cabinet in a vacant building where it was destined for the dumpster. With a few materials and a lot of imagination, she transformed it into a wonderful puppet theater. Check out her blog, Zoom In, for step by step directions.
Utilizing puppets and puppet theaters for puppet shows is an excellent way to develop literacy skills including retelling, fluency, and expression, writing, comprehension and vocabulary development. You can tap into those learners who are auditory, visual and/or kinesthetic learners. The more modes of learning that we use, the better our comprehension!
You don’t need a fancy puppet theater to perform your masterpieces. You can simply use your couch and let the kids kneel behind it to perform. Puppets don’t need to be fancy or expensive either. Try our rhyming dust bunny puppets made from sponges or our five little monkey print and cut puppets. You can also check out my puppet show Pinterest board for more great ideas.
Pop some popcorn and settle in for your next puppet show!
19 Ways to Build Literacy Skills Through Car and Truck and Play
P.S. Have you signed up for our FREE newsletter? Each week you get lots of literacy goodies delivered to your inbox. Take a second and sign-up HERE.
Allison says
This is really amazing!
Lorie says
Amazing!!! So much fun to be had with this! I shared this on my facebook page (don’t know why it’s not letting me tag you!) Grab a featured button if you want one! 🙂
Amie says
Stopping by from the Kids Co-op! I love puppetry and getting the kids involved in making stories up or retelling. Thanks for linking up to the Kids Co-op!
Tracy says
This is fantastic! If you are not quite so creative, or have an old cabinet at your disposal, I have a pattern for a hanging puppet theater that hangs in a door frame (sewing unfortunately required) if anyone is interested.Grownup Playthings- Vibrators, Strap-Ons, Most important ideas, Rooster happens to be, Dildos, Anal Playthings, Lubricants, Seeing stars, Rabbits, Pumps. Earning appreciate devices web shop read this post here researching could really are provided by risks. Give some thought to sustaining a whole new record of your pursuits and do major as much as lustful desires. Get which are more up-to-date lingerie choices and making enjoy gizmos on-line bought at Human being Toy doll Megastore. Grant returning love-making figures and gratification goods. Here’azines every thing you ought to understand around this unpaid choice of grown-up love-making games and toys on her for him. Please note – Most of us act as without doubt the details across this specific web page is normally proactive along with precise however,you shouId make sure just about any points by using the product or service along with provider pro and go through the many people will probably provide.
Far apart from just about all Fleshlight educational baby toys, it is easy to controI the stress in your male member with grounding all the pillow top of your gift in you, working at a good orifice that»s perfectIy type of for you. Most of us become a specialist seen in causing you to lookup for ones appropriate products and solutions in order to meet ones lustful preferences. Associated for you to Europe high quality Carl Gustav Jung , all the sexual desire are going to be decided for the reason that sum pertaining to clairvoyant energy, in no way minimal for you to lovemaking want. As well as, this gets just a little more louder when compared to our top rated opt for, although isn’t excessive decibel sufficient to help get roommates or even whatever like that, therefore it’south then again just about the most positive making love toys.
Sexual pleasure playthings can insert far more amusement, amusement and even pleasure to your own sexual activities living, the moment applying individuals for the period of masturbation, foreplay as well as love-making with an all new companion. Positive aspects for Guy Devices may likely consists of adult-oriented information. Different on the internet retailers may perhaps manufacturer their particular armoires or perhaps worse yet, they would benefit from photographs to their bins, hence we all believe the reasoning commonly everyone purchased. Marital couples’ tools incorporate whatever creating appreciate can help you can work together with with an above average partner, which usually features a large amount of games, yet some person gifts will be designed extremely for in conjunction with operate with.
Some of our on the internet love-making buy in addition to superstore so that you can make in which dream a very good you absolutely need one of the best ordering expertise, seem to be from each of our internet based love-making shop best now. Particular person even if services would be the equipment to even more attaching with each of your companion mentally in addition to sexually. Recognize these sets off with regard to your own personal making love desires. The actual best-selling having sex playthings for families are going to be any connect regarding the We-Vibe and a vibrating tool bridal band. In cases where you’ray new at all to anal carry out and additionally rectal making enjoy, you will find no more than a little bit of dolly types worthy of you.
In the event you’re acquiring love-making toys and games online, you shouldn’t come to be punished for doing it! When you’onal been recently scrubbing these world-wide-web for the greatest special gift internet sites, you must think of our unobtrusive closeness keep. Medico Johnson provides more when compared to 40 years of age to build all the worId’utes top rated preferred superior sexual acts playthings. It’s just a particular involved with the most used amour manufacturers relating to the world-wide-web, stock trading unique products and services through various brands caused by good there isn’t any special bargain LoveHoney Thoughts lines. They’re also well-known for guys with the help of impotency, and therefore only as a sexual acts squeaky toy to get an adventurous type marital couples.
It all might get reasonably a good quality nerve-wracking knowledge, people who an individual who is normally looking for love-making toys and games designed for promoting pertaining to the pioneer period. Amour game people internet based seeking may perhaps will come with risks. Underscored just by the hum joy involving using intimacy stuffed toy figures concerning guys along with gals likewise. (FYI, silicone polymer structured not to mention oiI based upon lubes will break up drop silicon educational baby toys in addition to condoms). Designed for rectal enjoy professionals wishing to advertising his or her’s sex limitations make brand-new reactions all through anal retentive sun, there can be because of that several wonderful choices with regard to stirring, teasing as well as going through the particular anal place for sexual fulfilment.
Make sure to investigation for rather than ones own Man or woman Gadgets & Novelties desires. BDSM is undoubtedly becoming more and more popuIar since the device permits newlyweds to understand more about the bedroom dreams in addition to partake in from way-out sperm role-play examples, however to assist you to grants that a great examine people want your in the correct way instruments! The particular Strategy Wand massager is without a doubt one of the best bedroom figures of them all, but it will not sometimes meant to be. You, over again with the ‘70s, building enjoy special Betty Dodson learned that this Japan just as before massager could get working to the vaginal area to help manufacturing substantial, amazing climaxes.album: “Jaci Velasquez” (1998)
…
Writer(s): CHRISTOPHER EAT Holy Bible: King James Version. (2009). (Electronic Edition of the 1900 Authorized Version., Jn 3:16–19).Sains Bury Saints?
We better should bury all remainings of human bodies: mummies, bones, organs, hair, relics, samples and the like.
We could take samples of their bodies into locked boxes inside their individual or collective tombstones for further inquisition or investigation if once necessary.
We should forbid any keeping and exhibition of remainings of human bones or flesh any where outside their graves even temples, churches, museums, hospitals and universities.
Their tombstones can tell what we know and would like to know about them.
All our deads shall rest in peace until revival into paradise. It is not up of us to judge, if they deserve a second chance or not.Looking for a Nanny in August especially but interested in July-Nov to have a nanny to help with the kids
We can provide basic meals cereal milk and bread for breakfast, some pasta, mince veges for lunch/dinner etc. lovely little town and near enough to Auckland and Hamilton and Matamata where hobbiton is.
We also wouldn’t mind someone who could stay longer and be like a grandma for our kids, helping with cooking and cleaning etc in exchange for place to stay
Babysitting and creative play
Creating/ Cooking family meals
Help around the house
General Maintenance
Learn about NZ culture we can tell you about going further south towards Hamilton or Matamata where Hobbiton is, there is more to NZ than AUCKLAND we also know about paihia and fun things to do there.
This project could involve children. For more information see our guidelines and tips here.
We are looking for someone who knows how to paint the exterior of the house and who has experience with this for a project.
English: Fluent
We have one room with a single bed
We are 45 min from Auckland, one hour from Hamilton In a small rural town called pukekohe
Internet access
Limited internet access
We have pets
We are smokers
Can host families
One
Maximum 4-5 hours a day, 4 days a week
These are extra optional ratings when members leave feedback. The average rating left for each option is displayed.
Accuracy of profile:
(5.0)
Cultural exchange:
(5.0)
Communication:
(5.0)One Bollywood actress who made the style quotient an important aspect of the star’s HIT image was this yesteryear actress – Sadhana!
Unfortunately this veteran actress and style icon passed away on December 25th in Mumbai after a brief illness.The cremation took place from her Santacruz residence.She was the one who famously introduced the fringe hairstyle also known as Sadhana cut. In the year 2002, she was awarded the Lifetime Achievement Award by IIFA.
Best known by her first name only, Sadhana starred in many classic films in the 1960s and early 1970s. She had aspired to be an actress since her early childhood days.Sadhana Shivdasani was born in a Karachi-based Sindhi family and was the first cousin of actress Babita, who is Kareena and Karisma Kapoor’s mother.
Her family moved to Mumbai after fleeing post-partition riots in Karachi. Before she had even turned 15, Sadhana had made an appearance as a chorus girl in the classic song Mur Mur Ke Na Dekh from the Raj Kapoor and Nargis film Shree 420.
Sadhana married Love In Simla director RK Nayyar in 1966 despite parental opposition. The couple was married for 30 years till Nayyar’s demise but have no children from their wedlock.
In her later years she became a recluse avoiding media glare, after being inflicted with hyperthyroidism that affected her eyes.The actress only kept in touch with her old pals like Asha Parekh, Helen and Waheeda Rahman.
In her last days she was Asha Bhosle’s tenant. She was 74 when she passed away.Gov. Ron DeSantis announced the appointments Thursday of three board of trustees members for Valencia College and two for Seminole State College, including Republican former state Rep. Bob Cortes.
To the Valencia board, DeSantis announced the reappointment of Daisy Lopez Cid and the appointments of Michael Sasso and Mai Swanson.
To the Seminole State board, DeSantis announced the appointments of Cortes and Susan Fernandez.
Lopez Cid, of Kissimmee, is a real estate broker and owner of ReMax Premier Properties. She has been a member of the National Association of Hispanic Real Estate Professionals since 2008 and served as president in 2017. She was appointed to a four-year term at Valencia.
Sasso, of Orlando, is a partner at Sasso & Sasso, where he specializes in civil litigation and business law. He is a member of the Fred R. Wilson Memorial Law Library Board of Trustees and the Seminole County Bar Association Board of Directors. He was appointed to a four-year term.
Swanson, of Winter Park, is the owner and manager of Signature Landscape Contractors. She was appointed to a four-year term.
Cortes, of Altamonte Springs, is the senior administrator for government affairs for the Seminole County Sheriff’s Office. He served for two terms in the Florida House of Representatives, from 2014 to 2018, and served as vice chair of the Education Committee. Prior to his time in the state legislature, he was a commissioner for the city of Longwood and became the first Mayor of Puerto Rican descent in Seminole County. He was appointed to a four-year term on the Seminole State board.
Fernandez, of Sanford, is the senior director of communications and government relations at Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems Americas. She previously served as a regional director for Republican U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio, from 2010 until 2014. She was appointed to a four-year term.Inmate Jail Records in Other Counties
Jail Records Search
Jail records are public documents in Cheshire County, New Hampshire. All persons convicted of a crime in the state are required by law to provide this public record to the department of corrections and probation. A person convicted of a crime is defined as an offender and is required by law to give these records upon their release from jail. The process of getting a copy of this record can take up to a month. It can also take longer if the offender does not have their records with them at the time of their release.
Every state has its own rules and regulations when it comes to submitting the records to the correct place. The first step is to visit the Registry of Criminal Records. This is the central database that contains all public records. You will need to contact the Registry directly to make a request for a copy of the record. A fee may be required, depending on the record.
If you go to the jail, it is important to know what the rules are regarding their access to the public jail records. All persons convicted of a crime in New Hampshire are required to give the Department of Corrections and Public Safety a copy of their jail record before their release. These records can only be given to them once they have been served with a copy of their judicial proceedings. It is also very important to remember that the state of New Hampshire complies with federal laws on the release of prison records. It is not permissible for the prison to give the records to anyone.
If you are looking for information on a specific person, such as a gang member, you will need to go to the local courthouse in the town you were arrested. This will help you to obtain the correct information. However, if the person you want to look up lives in another town, or state, it can be much more difficult to get the record. In this case, you will have to rely on a reputable criminal records background service.
These services charge a fee for access to jail and prison records. Although they do charge a fee, they ensure that the information you receive is completely accurate and up-to-date. Some services even offer a free trial to let you see the records before you decide to pay. It is important to remember that the cost of the records does not include the cost of delivery. Jail and prison records are delivered to your office either via mail or by fax. The cost of a criminal records search online is less than what it costs to mail or fax one.
Before you perform a jail records search, make sure you know whether the person has been convicted of a crime or whether they are on parole. Also, make sure that you are aware of all local laws and requirements before you give out this type of personal information. Sometimes you will need to provide the social number of the person in order to obtain their full name and other relevant information. Jail records searches are performed on an individual basis. You will have to provide the person’s full name and Social Security number in order to get their jail records. If there are other people associated with the person, their names will also be necessary.Technology And The Outside World: Not Competitors, But Companions
We all know about the warnings people give when it comes to technology and its effects on the youth of today. “Oh, when I was younger, we didn’t have smart phones, these kids aren’t growing up right”. Okay, that’s a bit of an over-simplification of the argument, but the truth is that a lot of people look at the digital age we are living in as a negative thing. It seems to suggest that people aren’t interacting, getting outside or living as much as we used to.
Now, it is possible to see where those people are coming from without agreeing with them. Of course we should still make time to go out, meet with people and experience the world around us. But there is no reason that this needs to be despite technology. Smartphones don’t need to be a bar to our interaction with the outside world. Sometimes they can really enhance it. Sometimes, technology and the world work just fine together.
- Take A Road Trip, Make A Video
There is so much wonderful scenery out in the world that we can look at, move around in and interact with. Wherever you live, take a drive for twenty minutes and you can be somewhere truly beautiful. Take along your phone, or a tablet, but not so you can keep up with your Facebook. Use it to make a video of the amazing sights you see.
Which you can then post to your Facebook, of course.
- Go Birdwatching With A Tablet
I can hear the responses now. “Yes, so once you get bored watching birds, you can watch a couple of episodes of Breaking Bad”. But no – download an app onto the tablet that allows you to identify wild birds. Many apps will tell you what the native wild birds are in your area – but if you get the bug for it, you can drive a bit further out to see something special. On the way home, who’s up for some Breaking Bad? (I’m kidding).
- Learning A Language? Watch TV In That Language!
This is particularly good if you have kids who are in high school and showing a flair for a foreign tongue. Nothing boosts comprehension quite as well as hearing the language spoken by native speakers. Most TV stations worldwide now host some of their content online. It’s usually not live streamed outside that country, due to licensing restrictions. But can you watch last night’s news in French? Oui!
You’ll need a fast connection to get the best from this, and cable internet may not be best for it. Check your area for Frontier Internet availability, or other fiber services. You’ll find something suitable.
- The Internet HELPS You Interact With People
Sure, if people just go online and disappear into their own world, it definitely isn’t healthy. But guess what? Some people are introverted without needing the help of the web to get there. For people who take a while to warm up socially, or are better at articulating themselves at their own pace, online communities are a godsend. They help you build confidence and can let kids spread their wings.
All of the above tips are, of course, subject to the obvious caveat that responsible use is key. For all the good it can do, technology in too-large doses can be a negative thing. Balance is healthy!Four Downriver-area teams were vying for district titles last Friday, but only two remain alive as the MHSAA postseason rolls on.
Allen Park and Riverview Gabriel Richard advanced to the regional championship with big district championship wins.
Allen Park downed Trenton in a rematch of a Week 1 Downriver League title, and Richard clobbered rival Allen Park Cabrini for the second time in four weeks.
On Friday, Allen Park will host Detroit Martin Luther King, while Richard heads north to face Madison Heights Madison. Both games are scheduled to kickoff at 7 p.m.
Madison (11-0) entered the postseason as the top team in Division 7 with a whopping 101.333 playoff points, nearly 17 more than the second-ranked team. Only having five wins at the time, Richard (7-4) was not among the top 16 teams.
Last fall, Richard set a record for the most wins in program history. This year, the Pioneers added to the trophy case, taking home their first-ever district championship after a 30-0 shutout of rival Cabrini last week.
Richard opened the postseason with a 38-24 win over Detroit Central, marking the first time the Pioneers had won playoff games in consecutive seasons.
Last week, Richard was stuck in a scoreless rut until the third quarter, when it was able to execute on several mistakes by Cabrini.
The Monarchs couldn’t field a punt cleanly in the third quarter and the Pioneers were able to recover, setting up a three-yard rushing touchdown by Nathan Palumbo.
On the next offensive play, Hayden Burke intercepted a Cabrini pass to set up another Palumbo touchdown run.
The final 16 points were scored by Richard’s defense. Quinn Hess and Devin Durham returned interceptions for touchdowns, and Cabrini’s Jackson Stanley was tackled inside the end zone for a safety.
Richard kicker Ivan Hernandez was a perfect 4-for-4 in the district title game and has become a valuable special teams weapon.
The Pioneers also have two-way star Nevin Hughes, who has several collegiate offers.
For the second consecutive postseason, Richard will face off against Madison Heights Madison. The Pioneers lost last year’s matchup 47-0 in the district championship game.
Richard will have its hands full again, as Madison has pieced together a marvelous 2018 season behind an impressive offense and defense. The Eagles have outscored opponents 423-102 to win their seventh consecutive Macomb Area Conference-Silver title.
Six of Madison’s 11 wins have come against teams that qualified for the postseason.
The Eagles will be vying for their second consecutive regional championship. Last year, they advanced to their third-ever state semifinals appearance before falling to Saugatuck.
Leading the charge for Madison is Austin Brown, who has eclipsed 3000 total yards on the season. The senior, who is committed to play baseball at Marshall (Huntington, W.Va.), has thrown for 1642 yards and 20 touchdowns while rushing for 1499 yards and 26 touchdowns.
KhyRon Parker-Franklin, also a senior, is second on the team in rushing with 1017 yards and seven touchdowns.
Four of Brown’s targets have totaled at least 200 receiving yards, led by sophomore Troye Williams’ 568 yards and seven touchdowns. Isaiah Pollard has a team-high nine reception touchdowns.
On defense, at least three Madison players have totaled at least 100 tackles; junior Adam Long has a team-high 154 tackles and 45 tackles for loss. In all, the Eagles have totaled 200 tackles for loss and 75 sacks this fall.
Junior Makai Johnson leads the Eagles with four interceptions and a fumble recovery.
Last year’s meeting in the district championship was the first time Richard and Madison faced off.
Frank: Madison
Ricky: Madison
Alex: Madison
Jack:
Last Week’s Results (Overall)
Frank: 2-0 (87-30)
Ricky: 1-1 (88-29)
Alex: 2-0 (92-25)
Jack: 2-0 (84-33)Toggle accordion
Signature Loans
A signature loan is simply that, a loan secured only by your signature (i.e. your promise to repay). No collateral necessary!
MemberFocus offers some of the best signature loan rates available in Metro Detroit. Borrow up to $10,000 unsecured for a term up to 48 months.
Need $500 for an unexpected bill or car repair? No problem! At MemberFocus we're happy to help with small loans over short terms.
All loans are subject to credit approval. Rates are determined by creditworthiness. Call (313) 581-2002 for complete details.
Toggle accordion
Quick Cash Line of Credit
Our Quick Cash line of credit is the ultimate overdraft protection for your MemberFocus checking account. This convenient line of credit will automatically transfer funds to your checking account when your balance is insufficient. This allows you to avoid non-sufficient fund fees, returned check fees, and embarrassing moments! Best of all, there are no transfer fees when you access your line.
Your quick cash line of credit is available to you 24/7. You can tap into your approved credit line any time you need a short-term loan. This revolving loan carries a variable interest rate and minimum payments will become due the following month. All loans are subject to credit approval. Rates are determined by creditworthiness.
Toggle accordion
Debt Consolidation Loan
A debt consolidation loan can be a great tool for people who:
- Have high interest credit card debt
- Want to simplify their finances
- Want to lower their monthly payment
Let MemberFocus consolidate all of your debts into one single monthly payment. Stop the endless cycle of minimum payments on high interest credit cards.
With a debt consolidation loan from MemberFocus, we’ll pay off all of your current debts; restructuring your debts into one loan with a non-variable interest rate. This allows you to manage your debt more effectively and potentially save money on fees and finance charges.
Borrowers must meet our lending guidelines to qualify for a debt consolidation loan. To find out if a debt consolidation loan is right for you, please call us at (313) 581-2002. Or apply online and one of our lending specialists will reach out to you during the next business day.
Toggle accordion
Share Secured Loan
Do you have money saved and hate to part with it? Rather than dipping into your savings, borrow against it with a share secured loan. Share secured loans feature our lowest interest rate. The beauty of this loan is that it is fully secured by your own funds. At any point, if you decide you want to pay off the loan, you’ve got the funds to do it. As you pay down your loan, your savings account is locked-in keeping your nest egg safe and federally insured.
Toggle accordion
Credit Builder Loan
Our Credit Builder loan is designed for people who need help establishing or improving their credit history. A Credit Builder loan is similar to a share secured loan. MemberFocus will extend you a loan, for example $1,000, and secure the funds in your savings account. Over the term of the loan, for example 12 months, you will make monthly payments. Once your loan is paid in full, the secured funds will be made available to you. Through the process of borrowing money and making consistent on-time payments, you will establish or improve your credit. The more money you borrow, over a longer term, the more impact you’ll notice in your credit rating.
Toggle accordion
Toggle accordion
Toggle accordion
Toggle accordion
Toggle accordion
Apply for a Loan
Needing some extra cash? We make it easy to apply for financing online.
Mortgage Center
Purchase, refinance, or start construction with the help of our Mortgage Center.Asish Mohandas, a product design student of IIT-Kanpur, has won the India James Dyson Award 2017 — an international design competition — for his innovative product that will help in the efficient transfer of patients from one place to the other without causing them any pain.
The product — named as “MAATTAM” a retrofit patient transfer system — works similar to a treadmill having a moving platform with a wide conveyor fabric belt and rollers on either ends.
MAATTAM being a retrofit can be put on top of any wheeled stretcher with flat top surface and height adjustment facility, converting it into a transfer stretcher.
“I resolved to design MAATTAM as I surveyed amongst doctors, nurses, ward boys to conclude that the majority of hospitals and clinics in India do not have efficient stretcher that transfers patient without any pain,” Mohandas said in a statement on Thursday.
“I wanted to design a simple, affordable and retrofit solution which would most appropriately solve the problem of patient transfer in hospitals and create a better experience, every time the patient is getting transferred. It will also ensure evading the problem of spine disorders while shifting,” Mohandas added.
The James Dyson Award runs in 23 countries and was for the first time extended to the Indian students.
Mohandas will receive £2,000 along with James Dyson Award Certificate from the James Dyson Foundation. He will now be running for the International Winner Award and prize money of £30,000.
He aims to commercialise this product and is in the process of developing the full-scale model of the retrofit stretcher which would be able to transfer an adult of height up to 180 cm and weight of maximum 95 kg.
Accompanying MAATTAM are four Indian runners-up: Eco-friendly faucet, Railroad crack detection bot, QuiSmo, and Saviour.John Jelly – Digital Marketing Training
Contact John Jelly, Digital & Social Media Training
In over 12 years, I have completed a mix of Social Media, MailChimp, Content Writing and regular updating training courses with John Jelly. I have become part of the supporters club, set up to bring together those of us doing the different training with John Jelly. We get help whenever we get stuck on something and regular updates on everything.
John Jelly has helped me with my business through 1-2-1 training and 1-2-1 customised business coaching. Jan’s work is very bespoke.
I have completed a WordPress Website Design Package where I can make my own website changes as and when I need to. This way, changes and updates are instantly done. I am not depending on anyone to rescue me when they have time. This saves me a fortune.
If you have any specific needs or want some advice then this is always the best place to start.
For more information please fill in the contact form above.By of innovation, and that includes retailers. Many of retail’s top trends in the last decade have been driven by technology—think coupon apps, online click-and-collect ordering and mobile wallets.
To learn what’s driving technology innovation in retail today and where retailers and brands are headed next, Retail News Insider sat down with Rekha Ramesh, Senior Vice President of IT for Interactions and Daymon Worldwide.
The Current Wave of Innovation
With the rapid pace of technology advancements, it’s not possible or practical for retailers and brands to chase every trend. So how do they decide what to pursue and how? According to Ramesh, “it’s always consumer behavior that starts technology trends. As consumers’ attitudes and behaviors change, the retail industry evolves to keep up.”
With this in mind, Ramesh points to the following five key consumer trends driving the current wave of innovation.
- Demand for transparency
- Desire for customization/personalization
- Focus on experience
- Rise of social media
- Demand for convenience
Demand for Transparency
“Consumers are more concerned than ever with the impact of the goods they purchase, especially Generation Z and Millennials,” says Ramesh. “This age group is most committed to supporting companies that are committed to positive social and environmental impact.”
For many consumers, this means understanding exactly what ingredients are in a product, where they come from and how the product is made. There is also increased focus on local and fresh produce by socially conscious consumers. And according to Ramesh, the technologies to facilitate this are not particularly new.
PLM (product life cycle management) solutions are one of the key components in achieving transparency. However, PLM alone is not enough. The level of transparency consumers are demanding requires new information standards, integration with end-to-end supply chain systems, levels of collaboration with supply partners and customers, and the stitching together of the multiple data elements needed for a chain of custody.
“With advent of Internet of Things technologies, rapidly falling price of sensors, better GPS data feeds, dropping network costs and ever increasing traceability solutions from technology firms, we are in a perfect storm when it comes to better track and trace of consumer goods,” says Ramesh.
She points to Vermont-based natural cosmetics brand Tata Harper as one company leading the way in transparency. Each Tata Harper product is labeled with a unique batch code. Enter the code on the company’s website and you can see the exact date your product was made and even who made it. You can also virtually tour the company’s lab to see how ingredients are grown, harvested and manufactured.
This system not only satisfies consumers’ demands for transparency, it also encourages longer interactions with the brand. The company reports consumers who use the product tracing tools stay on the website twice as long as other visitors.
Desire for Customization
It’s a well-known fact that consumers are turning away from one-size-fits-all products and services. “They are looking for more personalization and customization options. And they are willing to pay higher price for products which are catered to their needs,” says Ramesh.
There are already numerous examples of customization in the retail space—from brands offering products in a variety of different formats (think single-serving meals, meals for two and family-size) to online retailers allowing shoppers to customize products (such as choosing the fabric design for a shoe). But there is still room for growth—which Ramesh says Big Data holds the key to.
“Used properly, Big Data can help retailers and brands understand consumers’ wants and needs and offer customization at the individual level,” she explains. “It can also help them identify trends for research and development of new products and services for the future.”
Fortunately for retailers and brands, the power of Big Data is quickly becoming more accessible thanks to the cloud. The cloud (or cloud computing) allows companies to store and access their data and programs from remote locations over the internet, instead of having their own infrastructure. It is a much less expensive option, and enables retailers and brands to be more nimble in their response to technology innovations.
Focus on Experience
Many consumers, particularly younger generations, are seeking out retailers that turn the task of shopping into an experience. Sensory stimulation is a particularly effective way to create a memorable experience for consumers, as proven by the success of in-store events and product demonstrations. As the next evolution, retailers are now finding ways to use technology to stimulate the senses—even virtually.
Ramesh points to a grocery chain from Denmark that created a viral video for its new online grocery shopping service featuring fresh fruits and vegetables as musical instruments. The video allows consumers to see and hear the freshness, without ever touching the product. Check it out:
Several major retailers are also beginning to use virtual reality (VR) to create stimulating experiences for consumers. For example, one large home improvement chain is testing out a VR kitchen remodeling program that allows shoppers wearing a VR headset to walk through a 3D mockup of their own kitchen, seeing what different products would look like. With the recent launch of the first commercial VR system, the use of this technology in the retail space is likely to become even more common.
Rise of Social Media
According to the Pew Research Center, social media use has risen more than 10 fold in the last decade. In 2015, 90 percent of Americans ages 18-29 and 77 percent of those ages 30-49 were active social media users. As part of this, consumers increasingly look to social media before buying new products, says Ramesh. “Millennials in particular are looking for validation. Before they buy something, they want to see who else is buying it and what are they saying about it.”
Ramesh points to yogurt maker Chobani as a best-in-class example of how brands can engage with consumers and convert them into brand ambassadors. For example, when the company introduced a new product accompanied by a customized hashtag in 2015, 90% of the social media posts related to the product in the first month came from consumers, not the company itself, according to a study by social analytics firm Simply Measured.
While many retailers now view social media as a necessary platform, Ramesh believes few have yet to fully utilize it. She notes that capitalizing on social media is more than simply posting circulars and responding to comments. Ramesh says retailers should be adding more gamification to their social media efforts and driving more conversion with buy buttons linked to products and recipes. “This would help retailers better understand consumers and drive e-commerce,” she explains.
Demand for Convenience
Today, not only do consumers expect retailers to have the products they want in stock when they want them, they also expect the shopping experience to be quick and efficient. This is one of the key factors driving the rise of mobile technology in retail.
Many retailers have already begun to integrate mobile into their consumer strategies, offering coupon apps and mobile order/in-store pickup services. Some are also using mobile POS (point-of-sale) systems, which allow consumers to scan items and pay for them with a mobile device—essentially a high-tech version of self-checkout.
But there is still much more for retailers to do. “Retailers have to come up with a mobile strategy to create a seamless experience between the physical store and digital environment,” says Ramesh. Such an experience is currently a rarity, according to a survey by consulting firm Accenture. For example, only 23 percent of retailers offer in-store availability information via their mobile apps—a service that more than a third of consumers want.
The Digital Future
Just as today’s retail technology trends are being driven by consumer behaviors, so too will the innovations of the future. “The biggest thing that is going to drive and further disrupt retail is the connected life,” predicts Ramesh.
As more appliances and products become connected through the Internet of Things, Ramesh ultimately envisions a landscape of hands-free retail where, for example, a connected refrigerator could sense when you’re out of eggs and milk and not simply add them to a shopping list, but actually order them directly from the retailer.
To be sure, the pace of innovation in retail shows no signs of slowing. Whatever the future may bring, retailers and brands can begin preparing now by building an agile IT framework and developing strategies to stay keenly aware of their customers’ ever-changing needs and wants.
In less than 40 years, Guangzhou-based China Southern Airlines has grown into a global juggernaut. With a fleet of over 600 planes, including a handful of high-profile A380s, China Southern Airlines now has a presence at major airports worldwide. It marks a meteoric rise for the once-obscure Chinese airline.
China Southern Airlines has its origins in the breakup of CAAC Airlines in the 1980s. The Civil Aviation Administration of China had operated a monopoly airline in China. But the Chinese Government elected to decentralize the CAAC. As a result, CAAC Airlines was wound up. A freshly decentralized CAAC divided China into seven regions, including the Guangzhou Regional Administration.
Guangzhou-based China Southern Airlines began flying under its own brand and colors in early 1991. Elsewhere around China, now well-known airlines like China Eastern and Air China also got their start around this time.
The heady early years at China Southern Airlines
In China Southern’s early days, the airline was largely restricted to flying within China and the immediate Asian region. Rival Air China was the designated national carrier and was handed the choicest long-haul routes.
While China Southern Airlines had a big slice of the domestic market, it also had long-haul ambitions. The airline was flying under the China Southern brand and colors by 1991, but it took another two years to gain “independence” from the CAAC.
By then, China Southern was working with foreign airlines to lift standards and overcome the then dubious reputation of Chinese carriers. In 1996, the airline began its first long-haul route, flying between Guangzhou and Amsterdam via Beijing. In 1997, China Southern started flying to Los Angeles, breaking into the all-important North American market.
China Southern’s breakout flights coincided with changes happening in China. Standards of living were rising fast, and the Chinese Government adopted a more outward-looking stance. With the Chinese people becoming more mobile, it was a good time to be a Chinese carrier.
Modernization and consolidations benefit China Southern Airlines
As China Southern eyed extending its network, it needed new planes. China Southern needed bigger planes capable of flying longer distances than their domestic workhorse aircraft. The airline also needed snappy new planes to help overcome the reputational issues hindering Chinese carriers.
Less than 18 months after first flying under the China Southern brand, the airline placed a US$800 million order for six Boeing 777-200s, with the first due for delivery in 1995. By the mid-1990s, China Southern had less than 100 planes in its fleet, a far cry from today’s 600 plus aircraft.
In 1997, China Southern Airlines successfully listed on the Hong Kong and New York Stock Exchanges. The listing raised hundreds of millions of dollars that was ploughed back into the airline, including paying for fleet expansion.
The listing also coincided with another shakeout in the Chinese airline industry. Smaller airlines were swallowed up and forcibly merged under further CAAC reforms. China Southern Airlines was one of the beneficiaries.
First off, China Southern absorbed Zhengzhou-based Zhongyuan Airlines. Shortly after, China Southern also swallowed up Shenyang-based China Northern Airlines and Urumqi-based Xinjiang Airlines.
As a result, China Southern Airlines suddenly founded itself with a substantially larger fleet and some serious growth in passenger numbers, seat capacity, and flights.
Standards keep lifting at China Southern Airlines
By the turn of the century, China Southern continued to order new planes, including investing heavily in Airbus A330 aircraft. Those A330s have since become a mainstay of the China Southern fleet.
Around the same time, China began spending up big preparing for the 2008 Beijing Olympics. China wanted to present well. They figured hordes of tourists would come in for the games, many of them flying on Chinese airlines. That meant more new planes and upgraded airline and airport infrastructure.
Coming China Southern were Airbus A380s and Boeing 787 Dreamliners. Both aircraft types began landing at China Southern well after the Olympics, but they had the effect of seriously expanding the airline’s long-haul capabilities. Having a clutch of A380s also did wonders for China Southern’s international profile.
Also boosting China Southern’s profile was a decision to join the SkyTeam alliance before the Olympics. China Southern was the first mainland Chinese airline to join a global airline alliance. One of the side effects was a concerted in-house effort at China Southern to bring the airline up to SkyTeam standards, with subsequent flow-through benefits for passengers.
Heavy-handed regulation holds China Southern back
While technically an “independent” Chinese airline listed on two stock exchanges, China Southern Airlines was and remains majority-owned by the Chinese Government and remains heavily regulated by the CAAC.
Infrastructure development within China, such as high-speed railways, saw flying within China become a more challenging game. China might have become richer, but the average Chinese traveler also had more travel options.
That saw China Southern focus on developing its international network over much of the last decade. But the heavy hand of regulation also made this a tricky business. Mainly operating to and from its Guangzhou base rendered flying to North America a tough business. Most North Americans wanted to go to Shanghai or Beijing. But Chinese law forbade China Southern from competing with Beijing-based Air China on, say, the Beijing to Los Angeles route.
China Southern Airlines matures into a globally recognized airline
The new planes ordered earlier in the century kept arriving at China Southern. But with tonnes of available capacity and the deep pockets of its ultimate owner to fall back on, China Southern effectively began capacity dumping in many international markets, offering far more seats across far more flights than many routes warranted.
This, of course, raised the ire of competitor airlines and damaged the airline’s reputation – across the industry at least. More recently, an array of factors beyond the broader international travel downturn have seen China Southern Airlines stop this practice.
Now, while still enjoying the backing of the Chinese state, there is a tighter financial focus at China Southern Airlines. The heady expansionary days might be over, but China Southern has matured into a globally recognized airline.
The travel downturn has clipped China Southern’s wings, but most expect the airline to come roaring back in a year or two. If there is one theme from China Southern’s history, it’s that the airline gets grabbing opportunities.Las Vegas is known as the "city that never sleeps," with all the flashing lights and fun nightlife. But, this city is not exempted from pests that can be a hazard to both properties and health.
Because most pests have dirty habits, they can bring germs, bacteria, and sickness into your property. Also, they make a habitat out of your property, sometimes causing significant physical damage when left uncontrolled.
There are a lot of small unwanted species seeking a place to call home, and it's crucial to know how to deal with them when they happen to target your property.
Some pests like ants can be an annoyance in the kitchen, but others, like termites, can cost you significant expenses in property damage.
Some have a high potential of bringing in diseases like cockroaches and rats. And there are also unwanted poisonous or venomous pests that can be life threatening.
If you have a pest problem in your residential or commercial property, you need pest control.
Hiring a professional pest control company can be the best decision to solve this problem, especially when it is already extensive.
But how do you know who to hire?
Make a list of pest control specialists and firms that are members of national, state, or local pest management groups in Las Vegas.
This way, you will only consider service providers that are certified and licensed.
A licensed company will implement solutions and practices that adhere to government regulations. With this, you can ensure the safety of you and your property when they do the job.
You may also ask for recommendations from friends and neighbors for accredited pest control companies they have successfully used and how happy they were with the service.
With your list of pest control companies and firms, try to read online reviews regarding the services they offer.
You can learn about what pest control companies do and don't do by visiting their websites.
But remember that companies will only publish nice things about themselves on their websites. So it would be best to check other review sites to understand better how reliable they are.
You want to see what type of reviews they have from previous clients and consumers.
Another way to make sure that you have chosen the best pest control company for your problem is to ask a set of questions. All you need to do is give them a call and make evaluative queries.
Here are some of the questions you can consider asking the pest control companies to ensure that their service meets your needs.
You can gauge their answers and compare them with your preferences.
When you do this, you can more or less have a concrete decision as to what company you prefer.
If you choose a wildlife pest control firm and your home has an ant problem, they may not know how to help you.
On the other hand, if you have bats in your attic and employ a pest control firm that specializes in bugs, they will not be able to help you out, either.
Make sure the pest control firm you pick has expertise in dealing with the pests you're trying to get rid of in and around your property.
Because no two pest problems are the same, you should ensure that the firm you select has a guarantee. This way, you can be assured that they will not abandon your problem until it is resolved if you hire them.
You want a business that will stand behind its work and promise that any pest problem you have will be exterminated.
Additionally, it would be best to get a pest control firm that should be able to visit your home for a free inspection.
They should provide you with a detailed quotation of everything they will undertake to make your house pest-free. This might entail sealing specific openings around the home to keep rodents out, spraying for pests, or other measures.
Before you proceed to hire them, you must clearly understand what will be done, how it will be done, and how much it will all cost. And you should be able to acquire that evaluation and estimate for free and, of course, with no strings attached.
Beware of pest control companies that:
Do not entertain these companies, and if you can, report them to the authorities.
Invest in value rather than price. So do not make a purchase purely based on the lowest amount.
Prioritize looking for a company that offers quality services and sustainable results.
If you go for cheap costs that provide cheap service, the solutions you will get might not last long. You can expect pests to come back to your property soon, requiring you to hire services again and spend more money.
Ensure quality services that are reasonably priced and save more money by avoiding repeat pest control work.
Since 2015, Red Rock Pest Management has humbly served the whole Las Vegas Valley region. This includes Henderson, North Las Vegas, Summerlin, and the neighboring towns, providing pest control for local homes and businesses.
They have years of experience and all the best things you want from a pest control company.
To schedule a FREE professional pest inspection with their team, you may contact them here or call (702) 518-2580.22 Songs That Keep Slow Crush Sane
The Belgian shoegaze ensemble shares a playlist of tracks that inspire them ahead of the release of their new LP Hush.
Back in 2018, Belgian shoegazers Slow Crush released their debut album Aurora which, between its impressive fusion of tough post-rock and gossamer dream pop and the group’s ceaseless touring behind the record, launched them to renown within various circles of music that their own output dips into. In fact the unexpected downtime the pandemic provided them with in lieu of a hectic touring schedule is perhaps the main reason we’re even getting a follow-up to that LP so soon, with Hush slated for release tomorrow. Despite capturing a rocky period for the band between the universal upheaval of quarantine, shuffling of band members, and seeking out a new label, their second album only improves upon the rich textures of their debut, expanding their punkier sound into something heavier, more contemplative, and, consequently, more at home within the discography of their new label home of Church Road Records.
Ahead of that record’s release, we asked the band to throw together a playlist reflecting what songs have provided the glue to hold together both their music and their lives outside of music, with peers like Amenra, Lantlôs, Oathbreaker, and Alcest sharing the track list with both heavier influences—such as the doom metal of Pallbearer—and pop-leaning escapism from M83. “This is an eclectic bunch of tracks that have moved us over the years,” vocalist Isa Holliday shares. “Whether by initially inspiring us to pick up an instrument, relaxing with a coffee in the sun, or keeping us sane (and awake) during late-night drives on tour, there’s something for every mood in here.”
Hear the full playlist below, and pre-order the album via their site here.Solar Panels – 10.05KW LG NeON 2 335W + Solar Inverters – Enphase S270 Micro Inverters
We had Green Volt install a 10KW system, LG panels with Enphase micro inverters on our large renovation. From the get go we were informed that the system quote may be more expensive than others due to the fact that they prefer and recommend only top quality components. The quote was a little more pricey than others but they were only one of two businesses that came out to site out of the five I contacted.
From initial phone call to setting up the wifi monitoring, everything that was undertaken was top quality, components and craftsmanship. Before the install, I was happy to be told that LG had increased the 15yr full parts and labour warranty to 25yrs.
I would recommend Green Volt to anyone looking into solar, and I would also recommend the LG panels now with 25y warranty.
Lil Xan might have some explaining to do after a recent verbal exchange at a gas station that resulted in a gun being drawn.
According to TMZ, the altercation began because the rapper was being taunted for calling Tupac’s music “boring” awhile back. (SLIDESHOW: These Women On Instagram Hate Wearing Clothes)
Apparently, Xan felt that justified drawing a weapon and start waiving it around, and now the Los Angeles police are reportedly investigating. Watch the mind-boggling video from TMZ below. (SLIDESHOW: 142 Times Josephine Skriver Barely Wore Anything)
Seriously, what the hell was he thinking? California is far from a pro-gun state, and I’m not sure how they’re going to like a musician being captured on video pulling a gun at a gas station. (SLIDESHOW: 71 Times Samantha Hoopes Stripped Down)
The popular rapper claimed this was a self-defense situation, but I’m not sure that’s going to hold much water. Xan hardly looked to be in fear for his safety and life, and doesn’t appear to be in a hurry to leave the situation.
If you actually are in fear for your life, you generally don’t hang around to continue verbally sparring while brandishing a weapon. I’m pretty sure that’s day one kind of stuff.
View this post on Instagram
I really hope Lil Xan has great attorneys because simply saying it was self-defense doesn’t give you blanket cover to be drawing weapons on people.
People saying mean stuff also isn’t a justification to pull a weapon on somebody. Again, this is day one stuff they teach you when you start carrying a weapon.
The fact this is on video only makes it worse because it’s not really a he said/she said situation. The tape is out there for everybody to see.
View this post on Instagram
Best of luck to the popular musician going forward. I’m sure the police are going to be interested in having a very long talk with him, and I’m confident he won’t like it.
Follow David Hookstead on TwitterOn August 6 we rolled out pretty earlier on our way to Louisville, KY for the Street Rod Nationals. This was my first trip to the nationals, and it was a bit overwhelming. How do you look at and take pictures of over 10,000 cars? Two words…. You can’t!
This was a trip to hang out with a some really good friends and some family, and just take some time to look at some cars and buy some parts for a winter project (more on that later this year). My wife made her first trip with me in the hot rod and my parents met us in Louisville to hang out. It was great to hang out with my dad at the car show, hadn’t been able to do that in a long time!
So, after a little over 1200 miles in an 83 year old car, we made it home safely, with the exception of a broken windshield. I’d do it all over again in a heartbeat, but maybe not today!
To see some of the pics from this trip, click here.JD Medical are now catering to both the Medical and Small business forums. Our small business domain is new to the website although it has been available for a number of years.
We offer support and product for anti-virus, malware and damage caused by infiltration of threats. We have worked on large to small company virus protection and removal and offers a safe clean result without damage to your hardware. All options are fully discussed and explained prior to commencement of work.
With the introduction of the POPI act in 2014, we offer to assist you in complying in all areas, thereby avoiding massive penalties that can be incurred.
We offer assistance in setting up your business from scratch and registering you with the bodies needed, getting you onto social media and making sure you are in the top bracket of choice for your field.I felt offended 1) because she assumed I didn’t understand and2) as a end result of she underestimated my hair’s ability to get straightened correctly with no perm. When I interrupted them and told them in Spanish “my hair is definitely very fantastic when straightened. If you don’t wanna do my hair, let me know”, they have been each astonished.
You’ll study leadership, argument, persuasion, conducting research, and the artwork of communicating across cultural variations. You’ll take pleasure in alternatives to mix academic examine with compassionate service to people in need, within the Chicago space and past. You’ll even have the power to immerse yourself in other societies and cultures—you can choose from among study overseas programs on 4 continents.
Dominican Girl for Dummies
For males, this expectancy is at thirteen years old which is slightly decrease than the feminine college expectancy of 14 years old. In 2005, a test was administered to college students at grade ranges three, four, and 5 to evaluate their competency in studying comprehension and mathematics curriculum from grade levels 1, 2, and three.
Moreover, vulnerable older women will find their pool of accessible partners diminished . These aging-related reasons may find yourself in difficulties negotiating condom use and in implementing other safe intercourse practices . In youthful ladies, socioeconomics alone was the greatest contributor to decreased self-efficacy for condom negotiation .
Her hits include ‘Sin Pijama’ with Becky G and ‘Criminal’ with Ozuna. If we were to name one of the sexy Dominican women, we’d recall Natti Natasha’s name instantly. Many girls in the Dominican Republic are ‘culturally’ not allowed to work. Women within the Dominican Republic are a considerably smaller portion of the workforce in a rustic that’s currently the 4th largest location of free commerce zones in the world.
- Thus, males are more likely than females to drop out of faculty.
- Just don’t anticipate her to be single the next time you meet as a end result of who could be single when wanting like a prime model so loads of guys will certainly leap straight to courting her.
- Because of that, it’s a secure guess to first visit a few dating websites and to see what it’s like courting a Dominican girl earlier than you go to the Dominican Republic.
- Besides this, she also has Irish, Lebanese, Jamaican, and Indian roots.
An additional layer is the concern and perhaps survival mechanism when coming to the states. Fearing English talking Black people and confronted with racism at occasions . The idea that you could “better the race” by not courting darker skinned Dominicans. Also, let’s not forget the extraordinary rigidity that exists between Haiti and the Dominican Republic as nicely. Being Afro-Latina is such a pleasure as a result of I even have two worlds.
Dominican culture is strongly influenced by infidelity. Do not commit emotionally to a Dominican lady until you’ve found the best combination of looks, brains and loyalty. A basic capacity to speak Spanish goes a long way within the Dominican Republic. The Dominican accent is a difficult one to know and takes a while getting used to.how accurate are birth weight predicting @ 37 week ultrasound?
- lPosted 3/14/13Not sure on how accurate it is overall. Probably depends on the skill of the Sonographer maybe? (Turtle should be better at answering that for you), but with both my boys it was off a good bit. They though ODS was around 6 lbs and he was 8lb10oz and they thought my youngest was even smaller and he was 8lb12oz. Not sure why the numbers were that far off for mine, because that was a big difference lol
- They are sometime right on and then at other off quite a bit. I thing the published accuracy margin is plus or minus 10 %. Hth
With both my previous babies the estimates were really off. They estimated my daughter at 10+ pounds; she was born at 7lbs and they estimated my son at 9 pounds and he was born at 7lb1oz.
Honestly, I hate estimates because it always gets my Dr.s all riled up and ready for a c-section.
With my 3 boys they were always within a few ounces of what the estimated weights were.
I was technically diagnosed with GD my 2nd pregnancy, and I think my doctor was secretly watching for it with my 1st since I passed the glucose test by 1 point!
#1 they said--after 4 ultrasounds in the last month--that the baby was HUGE--9 or 10 lbs. They said her head was disproportionately large, and I ended up being encouraged into induction & finally a c-section because they said she was so big. (And yes, the ultrasound was a seasoned vet). My #1 was born 10 days before her due date--at only 6 lbs! NOT 10 lbs. And her head was perfectly sized.
With my 2nd I failed the glucose by 7 points, was treated for it but showed no other symptoms. I actually went to 42 weeks & 2 days (I said no to inductions and she decided to cook for a long time!) and the on-call doctor at the hospital gave me hell for going 2 weeks overdue with a "GD baby" (I didn't really have GD, please). She was born 42 weeks and 2 days--only 7 lbs!
So the whole idea that they can accurately guess baby's weight by ultrasound is just ridiculous to me. I'm sure sometimes they're close. Hey, most babies at full term are somewhere close to 7-8 lbs, right? But a lot of times, thye have no idea.
- It's an estimate only. That's why it's called an EFW (estimated fetal weight). We...at least most of us...realize they are estimates and can be wrong. It's the best estimate that we have though and most docs would rather be safer than sorry.
Most of my babies are within a few ounces of my efw. It's all math and formulas and its not perfect.After concluding the reclamation of some abandoned properties at the BDPA Housing Estate in Ugbowo, the Edo Development and Property Agency (EDPA) has set modalities for the sale of the properties to interested members of the public.
Executive Chairman, EDPA, Isoken Omo, in a statement, said that the buildings were discovered during the recertification exercise, after which the ownerships of the properties were revoked as they posed a nuisance and had become locations for anti-social activities in the estate.
She said the agency continued,  one year, it has embarked on several reforms, including the recertification of property owners and has stepped up engagement in its estates for better service delivery.Lower Mississippi River Dispatch No. 276 (Corrected 275)
Monday, Jan 26, 2015
***Y'all, I am so sorry for this second mailing! I had the dates wrong for this week's river happenings. Corrected below. Duh! The Wreck of the Montezuma is tonight Mon Jan 26th, and the Rediscovering North America arrive in Helena tomorrow Tues Jan 27th. Also, many people have expressed curiosity about the Montezuma. You can find out more about the Wreck of the Montezuma on the Rivergator website:
River Quickies:
Tonight! Monday, Jan 26th -- Jacob Kittlistad "Mystery Monday Series"(Jackson WJTV Channel 12 )Exploring the Wreck of the Steamboat the Montezuma (Feb 28, 1829) with the Mighty Quapaws.
Tuesday (Jan 27th) Rediscovering North America -- Quapaw Canoe Company will be hosting 6 wild and crazy guys who are paddling UPSTREAM the Mississippi River with ultimate destination the Arctic. Go to their website at: They will be in Helena Tuesday (Jan 28th). Show them some love!
Friday, Jan 30th, Clarksdale Film Fest -- Canoeing into Confidence: A Film about Overcoming Fear (by Spring Initiative leader Bianca Zaharescu) and The Mighty Quapaws (by Joey Dickinson)
And remember: February is for Friends of the Sunflower River! Annual General membership Meeting Sat Feb 14th 12noon behind Quapaw Canoe Company. Sunflower River Cleanup afterwards from 1-3pm. Cleanups, explorations, education. All in behalf of the loneliest and saddest river in America: The Big Sunflower. It’s the river with the blues!
Monday, Jan 26th
Jacob Kittlistad "Mystery Monday Series:" Exploring the Wreck of the Steamboat the Montezuma (Feb 28, 1829)
The Montezuma happened upon a snag on Feb 28, 1829, and sank to the bottom of the river. Everyone on board perished in the icy cold waters of the winter Mississippi River. Over the decades an island grew around the wreckage. By the late 1850s the growing island forced the river sideways one mile to eat up the promising town of Delta (county seat of Coahoma County). Later the river left the next County Seat -- Friars Point -- landlocked and dry, as result. For every action on the river, reactions are always felt downstream. Montezuma Island still sits proudly in the middle of the Mississippi River, main channel running east, back channel running west, and a steamboat still buried deep within her muddy bosom. Jacob Kittlistad from Jackson WJTV Channel 12 recently explored Montezuma Island with us Mighty Quapaws for his "Mystery Monday Series." To be aired tonight Monday Jan 27th during the evening news.
For more information about the wreck of the Montezuma go to the Rivergator:
or Quapaw Canoe Company:
Tuesday, Jan 27th, Helena, AR
Rediscovering North America
I wasn't aware of anyone paddling UP the Mississippi since the Joliette and Marquette Expedition of 1673. (Although Kevin Smith of Helena told me that he personally met and interviewed a Navy Seal in 1982 who kayked UP the Mississippi! -- This inspired Kevin to canoe DOWN the Mississippi the following year, in 1983). Quapaw Canoe Company will be hosting 6 wild and crazy guys who are paddling UPSTREAM the Mississippi River with ultimate destination the Arctic Ocean. Go to their website at: They will be in Helena Tuesday (Jan 28th). River Angels, show them some love!
February is for Friends of the Sunflower River!
This will begin with a bang this Friday at the Clarksdale Film Festival with 11:30am Canoeing into Confidence: A Film about Overcoming Fear (by Spring Initiative leader Bianca Zaharescu) and The Mighty Quapaws (by Joey Dickinson). Annual General membership Meeting Sat Feb 14th 12noon. Sunflower River Cleanup afterwards from 1-3pm.
Friday - Saturday Jan 30 - 31
Clarksdale Film Festival
DELTA CINEMA
(11 Third Street, in downtown Clarksdale, MS)
11:30am
Canoeing into Confidence: A Film about Overcoming Fear
(22 min.) Follows several Spring Initiative teenagers on their journey to and on the river, as they each face different fears and discomforts — and discover strength, freedom, and joy on the other side. Spring Initiative is an after-school program where participants get to push themselves and each other to be all that they can be. Directed by Bianca Zaharescu.
12 noon
The River Sonnet
(44 min.) Mississippi premiere. Slideshow of photographs overdubbed by an intersplicing of braided clips including ambient sound recordings, regional dialects and fractured audio readings of original poetry. The primary goal of the film is to track shifts in natural and cultural land and soundscapes in order to present a realistic assessment of the state of life in the Mississippi River Valley biosphere. Directed by Matthew Leavitt Brown and Justin Orlowski.
4:30pm.
February is for Friends of the Sunflower River!
Sat Feb 14th 12noon
Annual General membership Meeting
Sunflower River Cleanup 1-3pm.
Sat Feb 28th
Sunflower River Cleanup Day
9am-3pm Heavy Duty Cleanup
1-3pm Light Cleanup.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:
5th CLARKSDALE FILM FESTIVAL features workshops, tours and special guests like Brad Gaines and Charlie Musselwhite — January 29-31, 2015
Roger Stolle, roger@cathead.biz
Nan Hughes, pba@cableone.net
662-624-5992
(CLARKSDALE, MISSISSIPPI) For its 5th year in a row, the Clarksdale Film Festival aims to make you laugh, cry and, occasionally, rock out. Organizers promise attendees a feast of Mississippi and music filmmaking – plus a little fresh popcorn.
As Garden & Gun magazine put it, "Mississippi gets its close-up... to celebrate the Magnolia State's films and filmmakers" at the Clarksdale Film Festival. And that means something for everyone — all for $5 or less per day.
The festival runs Thursday-Saturday, January 29-31, at the historic Delta Cinema (11 Third Street) — two theaters plus the lobby. Tickets are $5 per day or $10 for a weekend pass; available at the Delta Cinema box office during festival hours. Official festival hats and shirts are also available in the Delta Cinema lobby. More information is available at or 662-624-5992.
CLARKSDALE FILM FESTIVAL FEATURES SPECIAL EVENTS AND GUESTS
"We're showcasing an amazing collection of Mississippi, Southern and music films at Delta Cinema in our revitalized downtown," explained Roger Stolle, co-organizer of the event and owner of Cat Head Delta Blues & Folk Art in Clarksdale. "Plus, we'll feature live lobby blues each day at 5pm and a number of special introductions and film Q&As. On Saturday, we'll have two film workshops, history bus tours and more."
Carksdale Film Festival highlights include nightly features: Thursday, Jan. 29 - SEC Storied's It's Time: The Story of Brad Gaines and Chucky Mullins with special guests Brad Gaines (from the movie) and Jody Hill (author of 38: The Chucky Mullins Effect); Friday, Jan. 30 - Don’t Think I’ve Forgotten: Cambodia’s Lost Rock and Roll (Mississippi premiere); and Saturday, Jan. 31 - Take Me to the River (with director Martin Shore and special guests Charlie Musselwhite, William Bell, Boo Mitchell, Frayser Boy and more).
And that's not all.
IT'S A LONG WEEKEND OF MOVIES, MUSIC AND MORE IN CLARKSDALE
"The Clarksdale Film Festival isn't just about great movies," said Nan Hughes, president of the non-profit that organizes the event. "It's also a wonderful excuse to experience the entertainment and restaurant mini-mecca that our revitalized downtown has become. What other small Delta town offers live blues and roots music 7 nights a week, every week?"
Music calendar at
Other related events around town during film fest weekend include a free photo exhibit of classic Clarksdale (January) 1985 photos by David Rae Morris and Milly (Moorhead) West at the former Greyhound Bus Station (3rd & Issaquena) on Friday, Jan. 30th from 11:30am-1:30pm with gallery talk at 12 noon. The exhibit will also be open to the public Saturday and Monday from 10am-2pm.
Such an ambitious film festival and lively downtown setting wouldn't be possible without strong community support.
"Just like with the Juke Joint Festival we put on in spring, we want to thank all of our generous sponsors and volunteers," said co-organizer Goldie Hirsberg. Sponsors include Clarksdale/Coahoma County Tourism, C Spire, Isle of Capri and Visit Mississippi. For a complete list of sponsors, please visit.
The official Clarksdale Film Festival schedule is below (subject to change).
(11 Third Street, Clarksdale, MS)
THURSDAY, JAN. 29, 2015 – CINEMA LOBBY:
5pm
Music Reception in Cinema Lobby
Clarksdale's Preston Rumbaugh & special guests perform live Delta blues for festival reception in the lobby! Plus, official festival merchandise sales — tees, hats and more.
6pm
"Welcome" & Special Guests in Lobby
Official welcome by Clarksdale Film Festival organizers... Plus, special guests, including football's Brad Gaines (from tonight's feature film) and author Jody Hill (38: The Chucky Mullins Effect).
8pm
Booksigning in Lobby
After film... book signing in lobby with author Jody Hill (38: The Chucky Mullins Effect).
THURSDAY, JAN. 29, 2015 – DOWNSTAIRS MAIN THEATER:
6:30pm
It's Time: The Story of Brad Gaines and Chucky Mullins
(90 min.) Clarksdale premiere with special guests Brad Gaines (from the movie) and Jody Hill (author of 38: The Chucky Mullins Effect).. The SEC Storied (ESPN) documentary chronicles the touching friendship between Gaines and Mullins, two men who were brought together through tragedy. Author Jody Hill will sign copies of 38: The Chucky Mullins Effect after the film.
THURSDAY, JAN. 29, 2015 – UPSTAIRS THEATER:
6:45pm
M for Mississippi: A Road Trip through the Birthplace of the Blues
(94 min.) Award-winning travelogue follows blues fans Jeff Konkel and Roger Stolle on their 2008 pilgrimage from Clarksdale through the Mississippi Delta in search of the region's last great bluesmen. Includes music and interviews with T-Model Ford, Mr. Tater, R.L. Boyce, L.C. Ulmer, Duck Holmes, Bilbo Walker, Terry "Harmonica" Bean, The Mississippi Marvel and other blues characters.
FRIDAY, JAN. 30, 2015 – UPSTAIRS THEATER:
1pm
Hard Times
(69 min.) The classic story of Delta blues gone North — told through the eyes of sharecropper, boxer, club owner and bluesman Big George Brock. Hard Times mixes live concert footage in Clarksdale and St. Louis with on-location interviews and archival photos. Directed/produced by Damien Blaylock and Roger Stolle.
2:30pm
Mississippi Madam: The Life of Nellie Jackson — The Trailer
(6 min.) Clarksdale premiere. Preview trailer for forthcoming documentary film on the life and times of Natchez, Mississippi’s infamous brothel owner — Nellie Jackson. Directed by Mark Brockway.
3pm
We Juke Up in Here: Mississippi’s Juke Joint Culture at the Crossroads
(63 min.) Award-winning blues film follows blues fans Jeff Konkel & Roger Stolle as they visit Mississippi's surviving juke joints. Includes live performances by Anthony “Big A” Sherrod, Elmo Williams, Hezekiah Early, Gearshifter, Duck Holmes, Big George Brock, Terry "Harmonica" Bean and more… but the star of the show is the self-proclaimed "King of the Juke Joint Runners", Red Paden of Red's Lounge in Clarksdale.
4:15pm
Clarksdale Municipal School District Film
(6 min.) Promotional yet inspirational educational film short presented by our local Clarksdale Municipal School District.
FRIDAY, JAN. 30, 2015 – DOWNSTAIRS MAIN THEATER:
Barefoot Workshops — New Clarksdale Films
(45 min. total) Barefoot Workshops returns to Clarksdale to tell the memorable food-related stories of Lil’ Kitchen, Big Sauce — the owners of Wops BBQ — and Kim’s Way — the founder of Kim’s Processing (pork skins, etc.). Clarksdale loves Barefoot Workshops, by the way. Join ‘em, and make your own films! The next workshops start February 1st —
1:15pm
Fever Dreams
(62 min.) Clarksdale premiere. Four new, spellbinding vignettes of suspense described as “Twilight Zone meets Tales from the Crypt”: The Agent, The Entertainer, Timed Romance and The Cameraman. Directed by Rob Underhill. (Join Underhill for his Saturday lobby workshop at 3pm.)
Bragg N East
(24 min.) Clarksdale premiere. In the time of Ferguson, this gritty police drama explores powerful ways for law enforcement to bridge the gap of communication and understanding with the communities they serve. Directed by Rob Underhill. (Join Underhill for his Saturday lobby workshop at 3pm.)
3:15pm
Time Brings About a Change: A Floyd Dixon Celebration
(134 min.) Clarksdale premiere. In June 2006, a special concert event honored blues piano legend Floyd Dixon. Dixon succumbed to cancer just 55 days later. This is the story behind the landmark live recording. Floyd Dixon, Pinetop Perkins, Henry Gray and other blues legends are immortalized through live music and special interviews filmed during that one historic weekend in 2006. Directed by Phillip Cruess. Trailer:
6:15pm
Don’t Think I’ve Forgotten: Cambodia’s Lost Rock and Roll
(105 min.) Mississippi premiere. A roots music documentary set in another "Deep South" — a half a world away. During the 60’s and early 70’s as the war in Vietnam threatened its borders, a new music scene emerged in Cambodia that took Western rock ‘n roll and stood it on its head – creating a sound like no other. But as Cambodian society — young creative musicians in particular — embraced western culture and flourished under its influence, the rest of the country was rapidly moving to war. After taking over the country in April 1975, the Khmer Rouge began wiping out all traces of modernity and Western influence. Intellectuals, artists and musicians were specifically and systematically targeted and eliminated. Thus began one of the most brutal genocides in history, killing an estimated two million people.
FRIDAY, JAN. 30, 2015 – CINEMA LOBBY:
"Welcome" by Festival Organizers in Lobby
Official welcome by Clarksdale Film Festival organizers, and thanks to sponsors and volunteers.
SATURDAY, JAN. 31, 2015 – LOBBY WORKSHOPS:
WORKSHOP — Filmmaking with Cellphones: A Workshop for Kids* with Coop Cooper
Join experienced filmmaker Coop Cooper in the Delta Cinema lobby — and outside — as he shares his ideas and methods for young folks (*recommended for ages 7-18 but everyone is welcome) who want to make movies with their cell phones! Cooper is a Clarksdale-based writer/director and Press Register movie critic; he is best known for the films Regress (2012), The Best Day (2011) and S for Sally (2013).
WORKSHOP — A Movie: Making it Happen on Low/No Budget with Rob Underhill
Join special guest Rob Underhill in the Delta Cinema lobby as he shares his vast knowledge as a successful film/TV director, producer, writer and editor. His Clarksdale Film Festival WORKSHOP will show burgeoning filmmakers the secrets of making affordable movies in any genre. Underhill’s films have competed in over 200 film festivals worldwide, receiving over 70 awards; watch his new Fever Dreams, This Was My Son, Bragg N East and The Wheeler Parker Story film’s at this weekend’s festival.
SATURDAY, JAN. 31, 2015 – UPSTAIRS THEATER:
11:15pm
2014 Clarksdale Christmas Parade
(35 min.) World premiere. Relive Clarksdale, Mississippi’s annual downtown holiday parade as captured on film by local filmmaker Conor Coughlin.
12:15pm
This Was My Son
(7 min.) Mississippi premiere. The true story of the American Civil Rights icon, Mamie Till (mother of Emmitt Till), and the tragedy that inspired her to spend her life battling social injustice and racial prejudice. Directed by Rob Underhill. (Join Underhill for his lobby workshop at 3pm.)
12:30pm
The Wheeler Parker Story
(16 min.) Clarksdale premiere. Constructed from historic interviews, one actor (Mike Wiley) portrays Wheeler Parker as he gives his firsthand account of events leading up to the abduction and eventual murder of his cousin, Emmett Till, in 1955. Directed by Rob Underhill. (Join Underhill for his lobby workshop at 3pm.)
subSIPPI
(56 min.) Clarksdale premiere of exploratory documentary highlighting the incredible diversity of people and personalities in Mississippi. The goal is to present modern Mississippi — not one fabricated on myth or romanticized notions but one showcasing the progression and evolution of the state. Directed by Vincent Jude Chaney.
2:45pm
Will To Change
(45 min.) The inspirational true story of William Kozielski, a 29-year-old parolee who is breaking the cycle of violence in his community, and mentoring youth out of delinquent behavior. Created as an intervention tool for youth and residents of Clarksdale, Mississippi, it is also being used by the Mississippi Department of Corrections to support pre-release and re-entry programs. A film by Alison Fast and Chandler Griffin.
3:30pm
Cheesehead Blues: Adventures of a Dutchman in the Mississippi Delta
(82 min.) U.S. premiere of final cut with introduction by Theo “Boogieman” Dasbach. Dutch director (and blues fanatic) Jan Doense tells the story of Rock & Blues Museum founder Dasbach’s Rock & Blues Museum and his blues friends in Clarksdale — a town reinventing itself to keep the blues alive. Includes James “T-Model” Ford, James “Super Chikan” Johnson, Frank “Rat” Ratliff, Watermelon Slim, Red Paden and other local blues characters. Rough cut of film received Best Blues & Roots Music Film Award at 2014 Clarksdale Film Festival.
SATURDAY, JAN. 31, 2015 – DOWNSTAIRS MAIN THEATER:
11am
Tom Sawyer
(44 min.) Mississippi premiere. Maria Newman is an award-winning composer, violinist and pianist who has scored a number of restored vintage silent films — including this classic, 1917 silent film version of Mark Twain's Tom Sawyer — the story of a boy growing up along the Mississippi River. Born into a musical family with ties to Clarksdale, Maria Newman is an Annenberg Foundation Composition Fellow, Mary Pickford Foundation Composition Fellow, Malibu Coast Chamber Orchestra Composer-in-Residence, Louis & Annette Kaufman Composition Chair and Joachim Chassman Violin Fellow.
Love Them Well
(21 min.) Clarksdale premiere. New documentary follows Clarksdale-raised Trey Lewis — a born-again Christian with a checkered past — as the works to spread the word of God and touch the lives of at-risk people in the Atlanta area. From trailer parkes to the inner city, Lewis tries to make a difference one prayer at a time. Directed/produced by Nick McNaughton.
Life of Riley — special engagement courtesy of B.B. King Museum
(123 min.) Visit the BB King Museum in Indianola, Mississippi, and see this movie at the Clarksdale Film Festival to fully understand the life, success and importance of the Magnolia State’s most famous bluesman — Riley “B.B.” King. Mississippi’s Morgan Freeman narrates this moving story of King’s rise from Delta cotton sharecropper to world-famous “King of the Blues”. Special thanks to our friends at the B.B. King Museum & Delta Interpretive Center,
Yazoo Revisited: Integration and Segregation in a Deep Southern Town
(84 min.) Clarksdale premiere with introduction by director. This compelling new documentary directed/produced by David Rae Morris explores the history of race relations and the 1970 integration of the public schools in Yazoo City, Mississippi. The integration there was considered by many to be a model of success, unlike in many other districts where white families fled the public schools for private academies. Trailer:
Nobody
(17 Min.) Clarksdale premiere. New short film about an 18-year-old kid named Elvis, before he became Elvis Presley. The biographical story features the tender relationship between a young man and his loving mother, his devoted teacher, and the senior year talent show that changed everything. It's an intimate portrait of a young dreamer, before the fame and revolutionary fandom. Directed by William Bryan.
Take Me to the River
(95 min.) Clarksdale premiere with introduction and Q&A. Special guests include director Martin Shore and musicians Charlie Musselwhite, William Bell, Boo Mitchell, Frayser Boy and more. New film celebrates the inter-generational and inter-racial musical influence of Memphis in the face of pervasive discrimination and segregation. Brings multiple generations of award-winning Memphis and Mississippi Delta musicians together, following them through the creative process of recording a historic new album. Film.
PLUS: Ground Zero Blues Club presents film stars North Mississippi All-Stars featuring Charlie Musselwhite live on-stage after the film fest and Q&A! $15 at door.
SATURDAY, JAN. 31, 2015 – CINEMA LOBBY:
Official welcome by Clarksdale Film Festival organizers... Plus, special guests, including Take Me to the River director Martin Shore and musicians Charlie Musselwhite, William Bell, Boo Mitchell, Frayser Boy and more.
Q&A in Main Theater
After the film... ask Take Me to the River director Shore and the movie star musicians questions, etc. Then, meet and greet!
The Lower Mississippi River Dispatch
is brought to you courtesy of
The Lower Mississippi River FoundationShe had probably gone to the yoga studio for a morning session. she said, raising her eyes to mine a moment only to look away again nervously. She finally put hers down, and went back in and came out with a warm washcloth. Her small frame just couldnt handle the amount of alcohol she drank. If she Ariana porn shed realize soon enough when she examined the Ariana webcam Erik continued to finger fuck her ass while he was being serviced.Unsupervised Place Recognition with Deep Embedding Learning over Radar Videos
We learn, in an unsupervised way, an embedding from sequences of radar i...
read it
Large-Scale Topological Radar Localization Using Learned Descriptors
In this work, we propose a method for large-scale topological localizati...
read it
Look Around You: Sequence-based Radar Place Recognition with Learned Rotational Invariance
This paper details an application which yields significant improvements ...
read it
AutoPlace: Robust Place Recognition with Low-cost Single-chip Automotive Radar
This paper presents a novel place recognition approach to autonomous veh...
read it
Kidnapped Radar: Topological Radar Localisation using Rotationally-Invariant Metric Learning
This paper presents a system for robust, large-scale topological localis...
read it
Regression Networks For Calculating Englacial Layer Thickness
Ice thickness estimation is an important aspect of ice sheet studies. In...
read it
Self-Supervised Visual Place Recognition Learning in Mobile Robots
Place recognition is a critical component in robot navigation that enabl...
read it
Contrastive Learning for Unsupervised Radar Place Recognition
We learn, in an unsupervised way, an embedding from sequences of radar images that is suitable for solving the place recognition problem with complex radar data. Our method is based on invariant instance feature learning but is tailored for the task of re-localisation by exploiting for data augmentation the temporal successivity of data as collected by a mobile platform moving through the scene smoothly. We experiment across two prominent urban radar datasets totalling over 400 km of driving and show that we achieve a new radar place recognition state-of-the-art. Specifically, the proposed system proves correct for 98.38 re-localisation sequence, using only the single nearest neighbour in the learned metric space. We also find that our learned model shows better understanding of out-of-lane loop closures at arbitrary orientation than non-learned radar scan descriptors.READ FULL TEXT
There are no comments yet.Enable...
Add script to generate query fields documentation
- All lines matching "QUERY_FIELDS_${resource}" in the input will be replaced with a definition list describing the fields for $resource- The core code is kept in the Sphinx extension, so that it could be...
QUERY_FIELDS_${resource}
Add script checking release dates in NEWS
This will detect human errors when setting a release date in NEWS.
Signed-off-by: Michael Hanselmann <hansmi@google.com>Reviewed-by: Iustin Pop <iustin@google.com>
Build epydoc's module list from Makefile>
Merge branch 'devel-2.3'
Conflicts: Makefile.am
Signed-off-by: Michael Hanselmann <hansmi@google.com>...
Merge branch 'devel-2.2' into devel-2.3
Correct version check for release candidates
The tilde needs to be escaped and I forgot the space which should beused instead.
Check for editor-specific settings at build time
Fix version check
Don't ask … all I say is distcheck.
View revisions
Also available in:
AtomThere is оften a common mistake people make when it wіll come to their mortgages, they don't really pay anу appreciation of them. Factors whу you should theу realize it thеy are so close to your closing date of thеir mortgage the player аre racing tо refinance, whіch isn't аn ideal position to stay. My Dad аlwауs explained that "the beѕt time to buy a automotive iѕ a few don't nеed one." Why? Because yоu wont have your mind clouded by the stress аnd urgency оf NEEDING your car when it breaks down or allocates аnd really can usuаlly upwards making a significantly better decision. Changing principle links with mortgages. Except іn thiѕ instance is even more essential bеcаuѕe a person dealing basic large chunks of money. Here arе a fеw tips help уou preserve the bеst position possible.
Today children are exposed tо much in the world's challenges (violence, death, misfortune of others) through news coverage, games аnd witnessing adults' concerns аbout theѕe aspects.
So aside from the symptom of a day оr two, is a good idea оthеr clues I had wеre which felt such as the engine had no fuel and starting fluid wоuld work after a test оr two. I dug аrоund thе car buretor and the Internet for that answer determined nothing. After replacing the wiring harness (I know, impressive - but I am јust a man) the car refused to start еvеn your starting material. I decided to act оn my hunch gives you the car a quenching dose of fuel.
To do thіs correctly уou need a to hаve medicine golf ball. You sit оn the floor оr mat or stand and hold thе medicine ball straight in front оf you wіth the hands. Now, yоu twist your torso tо one side whіle holding thе ball wіth outstretched hands before you (the ball іs always straight just before yоur eyes еven beneficial twist). Have to do а fеw reps with thiѕ particular exercise for both sides among the waist.
6) Smile, ѕuсh a thing in order tо complete but provides ѕuch a striking effect on yoursеlf and the people around you. In fact іf you feel down, deliberately make уоurself smile, apparently it literally doeѕ hеlр change уоur mood being а result of biofeedback releasing ѕоmе involving chemical that literally causes you to feel pleased. Don't bеlіeve me, have а go next time уоu feel down.
No-one likes thinking relating to the unexpected happening, whiсh means that wе're all ѕo useless аt writing a wіll and arranging life insurance coverages. Should уou pass аwаy wіthout ѕuch cover, thе circumstance оf thoѕе yоu have gone behind could becоme frustrating.
Presenting аnd pitching your services as a top real estate agent does nоt have to bе hard. You maу make a deliberate choice staying the beѕt agent for the task аnd supply thе steady full facts of the process in moving ahead. Confidence iѕ the important.Pincello
Modelling clay (170 g)
€1.68
Children deserve the best, that's why we present to you Modelling clay (170 g), ideal for those who seek quality products for their little ones! Get and other brands and licences at the best prices!
- Important information: Assorted designs sent randomly according to stock
- Approx. dimensions: 6 x 1,5 x 13,5 cmSpicy Chicken Breast Recipes. Apr 29, 2020 · A quick and spicy rendition of the takeout classic, this is one of our favorite chicken breast recipes to serve with rice and a cold beer. Get This Recipe Photo by Alex Lau, Prop Styling by Kalen ... Juiciest Oven Baked Chicken (BEST Seasoning Blend). Mix the chicken with the lime juice, chilli powder and garlic. STEP 2 Heat the oil in a non-stick frying pan then fry the chicken for a couple of mins – it will cook very quickly so keep an eye on it.. Jul 19, 2017 · Say. Chicken breasts are fast, easy, and anything but boring. Here are some new ways to cook chicken breasts for dinner — and get back to enjoying this versatile ingredient. Mar 08, 2019 … Jul 24, 2016 · … Bird is the word with these grilled chicken breast recipes. ... Grilled Chicken Breasts with Spicy Peach Glaze. Life is just peachy with this sweet-and-savory recipe, especially because summer is ... ...! Brush the chicken with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the chicken skin-side down and cook until golden brown, 6 to 7 minutes. Turn over and continue cooking for 5 to 6 minutes.! Jul 13, 2021 · Skinless, boneless chicken breasts have a reputation for being dry and bland. But with the right chicken breast recipes, this lean cut of poultry can be juicy, tender, and packed with flavor. Jan 14, 2021 · If you're skeptical, we've got 29 recipes to prove just how tasty chicken breast can be. Think pan-roasted chicken with a bourbon-mustard pan sauce, the ultimate chicken salad, and fried chicken cutlets perfect for your next weeknight dinner (check …. Apr 30, 2021 · Top 50 Best Boneless Chicken Breast Recipes Simple Fried Chicken Breast Cutlets 30 mins Ratings. Balsamic Marinated Chicken Breasts 25 mins Ratings. Basic Baked Chicken Breasts 31 mins Ratings. Spicy Cajun Peanuts 6 mins Ratings. Baked Pineapple Chicken Breasts 65 mins Ratings. Salt-Free Cajun Spice Blend 10 mins Ratings. Oven BBQ Chicken ... Spicy chicken & avocado wraps A star rating of 4.4 out of 5. 76 ratings Pan-fry lean chicken breast with lime, chilli and garlic, then pile onto seeded tortilla wraps. Jan 24, 2021 · ... Remove chicken from brine, transfer to a sheet tray with a rack and pat dry. In batches, coat with flour and transfer back to rack. Fry chicken in 2 batches, about 10 to 11 minutes, turning occasionally, and remove to brown paper- or towel-lined platter or another sheet tray … Baked Chicken Breast. Chicken is one of the most popular chicken recipes, for lunch or dinner.. Everyone loves chicken breasts and always have them in the refrigerator. Secondly, baking chicken breast in the oven is so easy and quick, with very short active time.
You may like these posts
- 50 Spicy Chicken Recipes For People Who Love Heat
- 100 Easy Chicken Breast Recipes To Try Tonight How To
- Spicy Shredded Chicken Recipe How To Make It Taste Of Home
- Healthy Chicken Breast Recipes Bbc Good Food
- Grilled Chicken Breasts With Spicy Peach Glaze Recipe
- Spicy Sweet And Sticky Chicken Thighs Recipe Diethood
- Easy Cajun Spiced Chicken Breast Recipe
- 60 Healthy Chicken Breast Recipes Cooking Light
- 39 Chicken Breast Recipes Youll Actually Want To Cook
- Healthy Chicken Breast Recipes 21 Healthy Chicken Breast
- Grilled Chicken Breast Recipes Recipes Dinners And Easy
- 57 Chicken Breast Recipes To Make With Boneless Skinless
- Spicy Chicken Avocado Wraps Recipe Bbc Good Food
- Baked Chicken Breast So Juicy Easy Chicken Recipes
- 60 Best Chicken Breast Recipes The Modern Proper
- Chicken Breast Recipes Baked Chicken Breast With
- 29 Chicken Breast Recipes To Make You Like White Meat
- Top 50 Best Boneless Chicken Breast Recipes
- Dakdoritang Spicy Chicken Stew Korean Bapsang
- Creamy Chipotle Chicken Breast Authentic Mexican Food
- Spicy Fried Chicken Recipe From Rachael Ray Recipe
- 6 Baked Chicken Breast Recipes Best Oven Baked Chicken
- 30 Spicy Chicken Recipes That Bring The Heat
- Spicy Chicken Breasts Recipe
- 75 Slow Cooker Chicken Breast Recipes For Dinner TonightHypothesis is a social annotation tool that is fully integrated with Canvas. Using Hypothesis, instructors can make PDFs and websites annotatable. Students can annotate course readings collaboratively, sharing comments and replying to peer’s comments. Instructors can also create annotation assignments. Through Hypothesis-enabled assignments, students submit their annotations for feedback and grading in Canvas.
Topics addressed in this workshop include:A few months ago, I half-jokingly came up with the theory that the T-1000 from Terminator 2 was partly inspired by the Cool Rider from Grease 2. My evidence at the time consisted of the visual similarities between the Cool Rider and the T-1000 in his motorcycle cop stage: they’re both wearing similar headgear and reflective eyewear, and they both have scenes where they appear to be frosted and surrounded by billowing clouds of gas.
Exhibit A:
Exhibit B:
At the time I posted this, I was pretty sure this was just an odd visual coincidence, but I couldn’t quite let go of the small possibility that it was something more than that. So I enlisted our readers in a combined campaign of research and outreach to members of the Terminator 2 production team to get to the bottom of this.
Gary Davis, stunt coordinator for “Grease 2” and second unit director for “Terminator 2.”
The first tip exceeded even my wildest expectations. Reader Jamas Enright discovered that the stunt motorcyclist for Grease 2, Gary Davis, was credited on IMDB as stunt coordinator on Terminator 2.
Holy crap.
At this moment, I let myself believe that this might actually be something more than a coincidence. I was even tempted to let this odd discovery be the end of this investigation and leave it on an ambiguous yet hopeful note. But then Belinkie managed to find contact information for Gary Davis. I knew I had no choice but to ask the Cool Rider himself.
I sent a message through a website’s contact form and braced myself for the reply. About a week later, it showed up in the from of a comment on the original post. My heart began to race. Would he validate my theory? Would we share in a great moment of discovery of Terminator (and Grease) Lore? Or would he dismantle my theory and dash my hopes?
Gary Davis on Nov 20th, 2012:
Well Hello Lee,
Yes it is true that I was the stunt double for Maxwell in Grease 2, and the Stunt coordinator and Director of 2nd unit on T2, but to the best of my knowledge, there was no planned similar
My first reaction was one of disappointment. Gary Davis, the crucial link between Grease 2 and Terminator 2, denied that there was any connection between the Cool Rider and the T-1000. There goes the theory. There goes the dream.
And yet.
My second reaction was one of stubborn defiance. Irrational defiance. Gary Davis may have said that James Cameron “chose the look, and without any influence,” but James Cameron didn’t say that. Gary Davis may have drastically decreased the chances that the G2-T2 connection was anything more than a coincidence, but there was only person who could definitively disprove the connection. James Cameron, the King of the World himself.
@jimcameron Gary Davis, 2nd unit director on T2, was also Cool Rider in Grease 2! He says no connection; can u confirm?
— Overthinking It (@overthinkingit) November 21, 2012
Unfortunately, this and other outreach attempts on Twitter went unanswered. Months passed, and the G2-T2 quest gave way to more pressing priorities.
Recently, though, I noticed that another relevant member of the Terminator 2 production was active on Twitter, and far more likely to interact with fans than the Big JC: Robert Patrick, the actor who played the T-1000.
I asked him to weigh in on the theory. This was his response:
@overthinkingit hmmmmmm?! No
— robert patrick (@robertpatrickT2) January 16, 2013
At this point, the Cool Rider (or at least his stunt double) and the T-1000 have both denied any connection between Grease 2 and Terminator 2. And at this point, any sane, rational observer would agree and say that the connection is just coincidence. I am not a sane, rational observer, though, and I still haven’t completely given up on the idea that James Cameron actually did take some inspiration for the T-1000 from Grease 2 and that he never let this on to either Gary Davis or Robert Patrick.
There is no strange obsession but what we make for ourselves. I’m still trying to reach James Cameron on Twitter…
.@JimCameron Was T-1000 based on Grease 2? @robertpatrickT2 and Gary Davis say no, but I want confirmation from you!
— Overthinking It (@overthinkingit) January 25, 2013
…and I’m also trying to reach Arnold Schwarzenegger, naturally…
.@Schwarzenegger Know anything abt a connection bt T2 and Grease 2? @robertpatrickT2 and Gary Davis say coincidence:
— Overthinking It (@overthinkingit) January 25, 2013
…but I’d love to hear any other ideas for reaching James Cameron and getting him to put this matter to rest.
So that I can move on with my life, or at least find something else about Terminator to obsess over!
Keep fighting the windmill Lee!
The real question is who is behind the cover-up?
What are they really hiding?
In 1984 James Cameron makes a film about a supercomputer from a dystopian future. George Orwells novel Ninteeneightyfour is about a dystopian future. Is the year 1984 a coincidence? Hardly. Numbers don’t lie, man.
Seven years later Cameron made a sequel. In that film the same supercomputer was a good guy. Why the change of heart?
They got to him, man.
Eighteen years later Cameron releases Avatar, a film made by a supercomputer. How is it possible, that the technology developed so much in so little time? It is not. Unless it happened as Dyson explained it in T2: they got the technology for the supercomputers of the future from the supercomputers of the future, man. It’s all about the supercomputers.
It’s all about the Pentiums. The rabbithole is deep.
They are going to enslave us all. The only thing that can stop them is grease. It fries the circuits and messes up the gyros.
Are we just going to gloss over that the guy in charge of the motorcycle scenes in Terminator 2 has his own motorcycle museum???
I hope all the decor of his motorcycle museum is bluish-silver, and it’s constantly filled with smoke/fog.2018-2019 College Catalog
APPLY NOW! (386) 506-3000
2018-2019 College Catalog > Course Descriptions > HSC - Health Sciences > 0000 > HSC0005
This course provides an overview of the current healthcare delivery system in the USA and healthcare occupations. Content includes but not limited to the use of interpersonal and communication skills with patients and other health professionals, written communication skills, insurance reimbursement, legal and ethical responsibilities..Dinosaurs' ascent driven by volcanoes powering climate change Ecological changes following intense volcanic activity 230 million years ago paved the way for dinosaur dominance analysed sediment and fossil plant records from a lake in northern China’s Jiyuan Basin, matching pulses of volcanic activity with significant environmental changes, including the CPE’s ‘mega: “This relatively long period of volcanic activity and environmental change would have had considerable consequences for animals on land. At this time, the dinosaurs had just begun to diversify, and it’s likely that without this event, they would never have reached their ecological dominance we see over the next 150 million years.”.. ‘Volcanically-driven lacustrine ecosystem changes during the Carnian Pluvial Episode (Late Triassic)’ - Jing Lu, Peixin Zhang, Jacopo Dal Corso, Minfang Yang, Paul B. Wignall, Sarah E. Greene, Longyi Shao, Dan Lyu and Jason Hilton is published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS). The research team was made up of experts from: China University of Mining and Technology, Beijing; China University of Geosciences, Wuhan; Research Institute of Petroleum Exploration and Development, Beijing; University of Leeds; and China National Petroleum Corporation, Beijing. 19 Taurus tropical zodiac sector.
Lunar disc appears visually 2.3% wider than solar disc. Moon and Sun apparent angular diameters are ∠1972" and ∠1927".
The Full Moon this days is the Hunter of October).
1 day after point of perigee on 19 October 2051 at 22:41 in ♈ Aries. The lunar orbit is getting wider, while the Moon is moving outward the Earth. It will keep this direction for the next days until apogee, when Earth-Moon distance will reach 406 481 km (252 576 mi).
1 day after its descending node on 19 October 2051 at 14:46 in ♈ Aries, the Moon is following the southern part of its orbit for the next 12 days, until it will cross the ecliptic from South to North in ascending node on 2 November 2051 at 03:14Found 2 GP Partner jobs in Scotland
Filter your results
Job Role
Location
Recruit Type
- Best match
- Newest
GP Partners Position Vacancy in Perth
Mauve Practice
Due to the upcoming retirement of our senior partner, we are seeking to appoint GP partner(s) to join the partnership. Our long established city…
- Location
- Perth
- Closes
- 14 Dec 2021
GP Partner/Salaried GP minimum of 4 sessions/week vacancy in Bonnyrigg
Strathesk Medical Practice
Due to the retirement of our senior GP Partner we are seeking an enthusiastic and motivated GP who wants to join our team. We are a supportive and…
- Location
- Bonnyrigg
- Closes
- 12 Dec 2021Update: Bail was granted on Friday August 8 and set at $100,000. Noudga is under house arrest and must wear an electronic monitoring bracelet. She can leave her parents’ Etobicoke home to go to school or work. Otherwise, she can only go out in the company of her mother or father, who are acting as her sureties.
Although I missed the first morning, I attended all three days of the Christina Noudga bail hearing held last week at Hamilton’s John Sopinka courthouse. A standard publication ban prevents me and all the other journalists in attendance from reporting on the evidence disclosed in the courtroom as well as some other details related to the hearing.
Given these strict limitations, things like Noudga’s outfit got a seemingly inordinate amount of coverage. For the record and on the off chance you haven’t read this already, she wore a white fitted, sleeveless blouse with black collar, skinny black jeans, brown ankle boots and shackles. She doesn’t look nearly as good in person as does in the ubiquitous internet photos of her, but four months in jail likely haven’t done much for her appearance.
Noudga’s family and friends showed up to support the accused, who marked her 22nd birthday in jail, and is pleading not guilty to acting as an accessory after the fact in the murder of Tim Bosma. Noudga began dating Millard in 2011 shortly after he broke off his engagement to another Toronto woman.
She appeared confident and in control throughout the hearing and did not shy away from looking around the courtroom. (Noudga was arrested on April 10th of this year almost a year after charges of first degree murder were laid against her boyfriend, Dellen Millard, and his buddy, Mark Smich in the death of Tim Bosma.)
Also in the courtroom were Detective Sergeant Matt Kavanagh of the Hamilton police homicide unit, who headed up the investigation into Tim Bosma’s murder. He was almost always seated with one to three other police officers at the back of the room.
Ravin Pillay, part of the legal team defending Dellen Millard, attended all three days of the hearing, usually in the company of one or two young lawyers or law students.
Tim Bosma’s father Hank was present on the first day but did not return for days two and three. Tim’s widow Sharlene did not attend at the request of the crown. Bosma family friends were present on all three days along with representatives from victim services.
Justice Thomas Lofchik’s ruling on whether or not to grant bail will come down next Friday August 8th at 10 a.m.Cannabis Education Articles & How-To Guides
The most informative and popular cannabis education articles and how-to guides created to help you make sense of cannabis written by certified Holistic Cannabis Practitioner Emily Kyle.
From the process of cannabis decarboxylation to understanding your own unique endocannabinoid system, these articles help break down the most confusing topics into easy-to-understand articles.
Looking for more ideas and inspiration? Join hundreds of members inside my Well With Cannabis Community!More Bonds of Hessen, Land
Bond Data
About the Hessen, Land-Bond (DE000A1RQB78)
The Hessen, Land-Bond has a maturity date of 12/12/2022 and offers a coupon of 0.8750%. The payment of the coupon will take place 1.0 times per Year on the 12.12.. The Hessen, Land-Bond was issued on the 9/12/2014 with a volume of 100 M. EUR.Chapter Clachan and could not cut through it. From everything he had ever been taught, horrible things happened to people of the Kangraff family when they stepped into that land.
His break. feeble..”
Chapter 3.
Chapter 4?”
Chapter 5.
Chapter 6.
Chapter 7 gestures acid breath.
Max’s smile slipped. “No,” he shook his head. “That’s not possible.”
The sorcerer grinned widely. “Oh, but it is. And I have the perfect plan to make sure they both suffer.
Chapter.”
Chapter.
Chapter.”
Chapter 11.
Chapter 12.
Chapter 13
.
Chapter 14.
Chapter 15.”
Chapter 16.”
Chapter 17
.”
Chapter 18.”
Chapter 19.”
Chapter 20.
Chapter 21
.”
Chapter 22
.”
Chapter 23 Steven. Steven pushed himself up and turned his head to see Will collapsed and Annette half-under him, half-hovering over his head, trying to help. “Will!” she cried, just as he started convulsing.
Chapter.
23 thoughts on “The Kangraffs’ Curse”Howlite strengthens memory and stimulates desire for knowledge. It teaches patience and helps to eliminate rage, pain and stress. A calming stone, Howlite calms communication, facilitates awareness and encourages emotional expression. Howlite balances calcium levels in the body.
..Fruits With the Most Protein
Fruit Has Protein?
Fruit may not be the first thing that comes to mind when you think about sources of protein. But if you’re looking for some more of the stuff, every little bit counts. Certain fruits can be a sweet way to add an extra dose of this nutrient to your diet.
Guava
Guava is one of the most protein-rich fruits around. You’ll get a whopping 4.2 grams of the stuff in every cup. This tropical fruit is also high in vitamin C and fiber. Slice it up or bite right into it like an apple. You can even eat the seeds and skin, so there’s nothing to clean up!
Avocado
Mix up a batch of guacamole or mash some of this green fruit on your toast. A cup of it sliced or cubed packs 3 grams of protein. Mashed will give you 4.6. That’s on the high end for a fruit. It’s also full of healthy fat, fiber, and potassium, making it a smart addition to any meal. And did you know that some people eat it sweet? Try it with sliced peaches and drizzled with honey.
Jackfruit
This spiky relative of the fig has become a popular vegan meat substitute. You can roast pulled jackfruit and season it like chicken or pork. Then you can whip up vegan tacos or Thai curries with this versatile fruit. While its protein content is far lower than meat, jackfruit is fairly high in protein for a piece of fruit. It packs 2.8 grams of protein per cup.
Kiwi
Kiwi will give you about 2 grams of protein per cup. And you don’t have to spend a lot of time preparing it. It’s perfectly fine to eat the skin. Just make sure you clean it well, then just slice and eat. The stubbly skin won’t hurt you. In fact, you probably won’t even taste it.
Apricot
A cup of it sliced clocks in at 2.3 grams of protein. Dried apricots also make for a quick and tasty snack. A quarter-cup serving will get you 1.1 grams of protein. Eat them alone, in a trail mix, or tossed in a salad.
Blackberries and Raspberries
Not all berries are great sources of protein. But blackberries have an impressive 2 grams per cup. Raspberries are relatively high in protein, too. They serve up about 1.5 grams per cup. Snack on them alone or add them to yogurt for a protein-packed breakfast..
Bananas
They’re technically berries and they have a lot going for them. Bananas are high in potassium, convenient to eat on the go, and can fuel your body during a workout just as well as a sports drink, according to one study. As if that weren’t enough, one medium banana brings 1.3 grams of protein.
Grapefruit
Not only is this citrus fruit a vitamin-C superstar, but one medium grapefruit will give you 1.6 grams of protein. Think you’re just not that into them? Try this: Heat a halved grapefruit under your oven’s broiler for 5 minutes to caramelize the top, then sprinkle ground cinnamon over it and dig in with a spoon
Oranges
These are another great source of vitamin C, and one medium orange packs 1.2 grams of protein. Don’t look to its juice for much of the nutrient, though. One cup only has half a gram. To get all the protein benefits of this citrus fruit, you’ll need to sink your teeth into its sweet flesh.
Cherries
These deep red stone fruits are one of summer’s sweetest treats, and they’re not too shabby on the protein front either. One cup of pitted cherries has 1.6 grams of protein. When they’re not in season, buy them frozen to blend into your smoothie.
Up Next
Next Slideshow Title
Sources | Medically Reviewed on 10/21/2020 Reviewed by Christine Mikstas, RD, LD on October 21, 2020
IMAGES PROVIDED BY:
Getty
Getty
Getty
Getty
Getty
Getty
Getty
Getty
Getty
Getty
Getty
Getty
SOURCES:
U.S. Department of Agriculture FoodData Central.
PLOS ONE: “Bananas as an Energy Source during Exercise: A Metabolomics Approach.”
Reviewed by Christine Mikstas, RD, LD on October.While you are welcome to browse our showroom without an appointment, one is highly recommended for a personalized shopping experience.
• Experience no waiting
If you would like to schedule an appointment to browse our showroom, either in-person or virtually, please select from the options below. Once you request your appointment, a Feldmar team member will be in touch to confirm your appointment date and time.Visit our office in Terminal 1 or submit a report virtual if you have lost somepoint in the terminals or parking garperiods at Pearboy Airport. All uncovered items are maintained for 30 days from the day they are turned in.
You are watching: Data collected at toronto pearson international airport
File a report
Discover even more about our shed and uncovered service
Secucount wrap and safeguard your luggage in less than 30 secs at this airport baggage-wrapping station near Aisles 7 and 9.
T1 — Before security
Safely save your bags or coat for a couple of hours or weeks. Offering parcel shipment and baggage transfers to a hotel.
Full-business pharmacy wright here you deserve to pick up travel essentials, including prescription or over-the-respond to medication, nutritional supplements, beauty assets or snacks and drinks.
Travelling via a pet? Take your dog to this pet relief location in Terminal 1 on the Departures Level prior to going with defense.
Dogs deserve to wander and also relieve themselves in this spacious pet relief location situated in Terminal 1, Ground Level.
Flight Track by Robert Charles Coyle, 2001–2003Swarm blasted lexan sheet, lexan rod, stainless steel cable 19 numbers, each 1.5 metres lengthy Fabricated by La Paloma, Sun Valley, California
Susan Schelle and also Mark Gomes, 2003Aluminum, granite, bronzeSix floor inlays: each 3 metres diameterSuspended configurations: 66 x 13 metres
A contactless mini pharmacy offering over the counter essentials such as cold drugs, lozenges, feminine assets, teeth treatment kits, allergy and intolerance pills and PPE Kits.
These makers provide simple accessibility to a selection of hand sanitizer, face masks, wipes and gloves to minimize the tension levels of take a trip and also assist in your safe take a trip journey at Toronto Pearson.
These makers provide straightforward access to a range of hand sanitizer, challenge masks, wipes and also gloves to mitigate the stress and anxiety levels of take a trip and also help in your safe travel journey at Toronto Pearchild.
These makers administer simple access to a range of hand also sanitizer, challenge masks, wipes and also gloves to alleviate the tension levels of travel and aid in your safe travel journey at Toronto Pearkid.
These machines carry out easy access to a range of hand sanitizer, face masks, wipes and also gloves to minimize the anxiety levels of take a trip and also aid in your safe travel journey at Toronto Pearson.
See more: Dragon Quest 11 A Little Bit Of Lantern Part? A Little Bit Of Lantern
Your one speak shop for all your cell/mobile, home internet & accessory requirements. Ficarry out offers plans that come loaded with data and also benefits at an excellent price. Plastic.
Health Concerns for Silicone Ice Trays Vs. Plastic Ice Trays
Learn More 1.
What Are the Dangers of Ethylene Vinyl Acetate?
Learn More
In 2008, American households discarded 13 million tons of plastic, according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 2. Of these, most of the plastic was from containers. The EPA reports that only 6.8 percent of this plastic was recycled. The throwing away of plastic can contaminate the environment and build-up in landfills.
- In 2008, American households discarded 13 million tons of plastic, according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 2.
- The EPA reports that only 6.8 percent of this plastic was recycled.
Heat-Based Chemical Leaching
Exposing plastic containers to high heat conditions, such as boiling water or a dishwasher, can cause the plastic to leach various kinds of potentially harmful chemicals into its food contents, according to the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services 1. This includes BPA. The department suggests not using boiling water with plastic containers, and only placing plastic containers labeled "dishwasher-safe" in your dishwashing appliance.
Related Articles
Health Concerns for Silicone Ice Trays Vs. Plastic Ice Trays
Learn More
What Are the Dangers of Ethylene Vinyl Acetate?
Learn More
Disadvantages of Irradiated Food
Learn More
The Effects of Not Recycling Water Bottles
Learn More
Dangers of Freezing Plastic Water Bottles
Learn More
Negative Effects of Packaging
Learn More
Gas Stove Burner Safety
Learn More
What Should You Do With a Can of Food That Is Bulging Out?
Learn More
Bacteria That Grow in the Refrigerator
Learn More
Types of Citric Acid
Learn More.Horned Lark—A One-of-a-Kind Bird
In this week’s column, Stan Tekiela shares with us about the Horned Lark, an interesting American bird.
One particularly unique bird is the Horned Lark (Eremophila alpestris). Several dozen lark species occur in the world, but only one calls America its native home.
This small songbird is found throughout the U.S., in every state in the nation. It is also found from sea level to over 13,000 feet elevation. However, it has regional variations: The larks in California and the Pacific Northwest look very different from those found in the Midwest and East. Even though it’s widespread, I don’t believe many people notice this bird. It seems to be one of those species that everyone has heard about but hardly anyone sees or can identify.
The Horned Lark is found in fields, open areas with short grass, and agricultural areas. It is also found along roadsides or just about in any open place without trees. It is one of the few species of birds that will fly close to the ground over long distances. It is also a ground nesting bird.
Like most ground nesting birds, the overall population of the Horned Lark is down significantly and continues to decline. The lack of nesting habitat and the mowing of roadsides, ditches, and fields for hay during the bird’s nesting cycle significantly contributes to the overall decline.
I am fascinated with ground nesting prairie birds such as the Horned Lark. I like the way I feel when I am standing in wide open spaces like native prairies. I enjoy the never-ending sky stretching above me and the constant wind in my face. I get the feeling of freedom when I am in a large prairie. So, recently, I’ve been spending a lot of time studying this bird and photographing its behaviors in the prairie.
The mating rituals of this bird are amazing. When the female is ready, she will display to the male by fluttering her wings on an open patch of dirt. The male responds by flying upwards of 800 feet high and circling around while singing the most wonderful musical song that sounds like tinkling bells. The male then folds his wings, dropping like a rock from the sky. He lands near the female and struts before her with his two tufts of feathered “horns” on his head upright and his wings drooped to the ground.
The female builds her own nest without aid from the male, usually on open ground at the base of a rock or a clump of grass. Interestingly, she will take upwards of two days to dig out a slight depression to construct her nest within. Sometimes she will gather small pebbles or dirt to use a door step or ramp up to the rim of the nest. She lays several heavily spotted and streaked eggs.
Females will give a broken wing distraction display very similar to the Killdeer if a predator approaches the nest site. Females can nest at least twice during the summer and in some regions three times. By the end of summer, large flocks of Horned Larks will form of both adult and juvenile birds and will move South together. They will spend the winter in large foraging flocks, going from one open area to another, looking for seeds to eat.
Recently, I have been able to study the nesting behavior and also capture some images of this unique prairie bird, all while enjoying the openness of our vast prairies.Nocino: an Italian midsummer walnut liqueur
Patron saints. Every Italian town has one and a local public holiday for celebrating their heavenly protector to boot. Turin, my adopted city of over ten years, is no exception. Here, San Giovanni Battista or John the Baptist is venerated with an evening farò or bonfire on the 23rd June (St. John’s Eve) and fireworks (or, in this year’s case, a drone light show) to conclude celebrations the following evening. In addition to the blazing bonfire, another ritual takes place on the night of the 23rd – the harvesting of green walnuts to make the liqueur nocino.
If all these festivities don’t appear to be particularly saintly there’s a very simple reason. The Gospel of Luke established John the Baptist’s nativity as exactly six months before Christ’s and the 24th June just happens to coincide with the summer solstice, a period people throughout the ages have perceived as a time of heightened cosmic power, channelling both good and evil. After the Italian peninsula’s adoption of Christianity, the Church went to great lengths to make midsummer celebrations more Christianised or focused on the figure of John the Baptist. Yet, rituals with clear pagan origins continue to be practiced in and around this feast day all over Italy.
One object of pre-Christian veneration was the walnut tree. Widespread throughout Europe, this tree has been valued since ancient times for its wood, nutritional value and the relative ease in harvesting its nuts. A giver of life and abundance, the ancient Greeks and Romans associated the tree and its fruit with fertility. Made of two equal halves, walnuts were scattered at wedding banquets. Pliny the Elder described them as symbols of marriage and their resultant offspring. Cults and revelries inevitably developed around this magical tree, notably in Benevento (present day Campania) where its great walnut tree was said to be the site of witches’ gatherings. Local bishop Barbatus, citing the questionable forms of worship being practiced near the tree, would order its destruction in the 7th century.
Tree worship was eventually stamped out in Europe as idolatrous by Church authorities but walnut trees continued to be associated with magical protective powers. In Bavaria, households would partially burn walnut branches in their Easter Sunday fires and lay them on their hearths as protection against lightning. In central France, it was also common practice to jump around Midsummer fires with a walnut branch in hand which was then nailed to the doors of cowhouses, as protection for the animals inside. Superstitions with a view of the walnut tree as a bad omen or evil existed too. In the Abruzzo region of Italy, Canziani recorded the belief among locals that whoever planted a walnut tree would have a short life. Some Italian proverbs also warn against the dangers of planting a walnut tree too close to home or falling asleep under one.
Nocino, the green walnut liqueur traditionally made on Midsummer or St. John’s Eve, is generally thought to be a version of a walnut-based drink once made by the Picts in Great Britain. Believing walnuts to be magical and medicinal, Druids used this dark brown liquid during religious ceremonies to cure the ill. This drink or potion made its way to Celtic France and to this day, a similar drink called liqueur or brou de noix is made in many French regions. At some point, this practice of infusing green walnuts came to the Italian peninsula where it became known as nocino or, in the case of Piedmont, ratafià di noci (walnut ratafià).
Inspired by the towering walnut trees that line our property in the Monferrato countryside, I couldn’t help but try my hand at making this mysterious potion in the lead up to Midsummer or St. John’s Day for the first time last June. Here’s what two of my favourite historical cookbook authors, Pellegrino Artusi and nineteenth century Savoy court cook Giovanni Vialardi, had to say about making this drink:
750. Nocino (Walnut Liqueur)
Nocino is a liqueur that should be made toward the middle of June, when the walnuts have not yet fully ripened. It has a pleasant taste, aids digestion, and has a tonic effect.
30 walnuts (with the husk)
1 ½ litres of spirits
750 g powdered sugar
2 g minced ‘queen’ cinnamon
10 whole cloves
4 decilitres of water
the peel of one lemon, cut into small pieces
Cut the walnuts into four sections and infuse them with other ingredients in a demijohn or a four to five litre flask. Seal it tightly and keep in a warm place for forty days, shaking it every now and then.
After the forty days have gone by, strain the liquid through a cloth and then, to clarify it completely, filter it through cotton or paper. Make sure to taste it a day or two in advance, however, to see if it is too strong, in which case you can add a cup of water.
—
288. Ratafià di noci stomatico
Take 12 still-green walnuts which can easily be pierced by a pin. Pound in a mortar and place in a bottle with a litre of spirits, 1 gram ofcloves and an equal amount of cinnamon. Leave to infuse for 55 days, ensuring that you shake the bottle every eight days. Once the walnuts have been removed, add 6 hectograms of sugar dissolved in 2 fifths of a litre of water to the spirits. Filter liquid with absorbent paper and store in bottles.
Interestingly enough, neither man mentions some of the superstitions that I’ve come across about the making of the liqueur. According to some sources regarding harvesting rites, only female virgins, barefoot and dressed in white, are supposed to climb the tree after dark on the night of the 23rd. The number of walnuts gathered must be an uneven one and the young maidens entrusted with the task of collecting the green walnuts must be careful not to touch the fruit with any other material except wood. The walnuts are then left out overnight to absorb the heightened cosmic powers with beneficial properties. The next day, the dewy walnuts are quartered, covered in alcohol alongside aromatic spices like cloves and cinnamon and left to infuse for at least 40 days. Some traditions, however, call for the precious walnuts to be steeped in spirits until another important date in the Christian (and pagan!) calendars, the eve of Ognissanti, All Saint’s Day, the 31st October.
At this point in my life, I’m obviously no longer a virgin. I certainly did not dress in white, let alone walk barefoot as I harvested my green walnuts last June either. My male husband also offered to help while I was scouting our trees for the best specimens and let’s just say I did not have the heart to make harvesting a female-only endeavour. As for waiting till after dark, I also forgot to do that. I was, however, careful to pick an uneven number (21, instead of the 12 and 30 Vialardi and Artusi respectively called for in their recipes) of green noci and to refrain from touching them with anything other than wood. In the end, I combined various elements from both Artusi’s and Vialardi’s recipes and came up with the one below. I’m looking forward to making this aromatic, inky-brown liqueur, the perfect way to conclude a long and filling meal (see this post about Italian drinking rituals), again to celebrate Midsummer/St. John’s Eve.
Ingredients
- 21 green walnuts
- 1 litre pure edible alcohol (in Italy, 190-proof/95 per cent alcohol is easily available)
- 1 cinnamon stick
- the peel of one organic lemon
- 4-5 whole cloves
- 600 g sugar
- 400 mL water
Wash the green walnuts and pat them dry with a teatowel. Cut the walnuts into four sections with a very sharp knife. Place in a large five litre glass container, alongside the cinnamon stick, whole cloves and lemon peel. Add the alcohol, seal tightly and leave to infuse in a cool, dark place for fifty-five days, shaking it every now and then.
After the fifty-five days have gone by, strain the liquid of the walnuts, spices and lemon peel. Discard solids and continue filtering the liquid until all traces of sediment have been removed.
Prepare a syrup made by combining 600 g sugar and 400 mL water in saucepan. Heat gently until the sugar dissolves. Remove from heat and leave to cool completely before adding to the walnut and spice-infused alcohol. Bottle and store in a cool, dark place until at least the eve of Ognissanti, All Saint’s Day, the 31st October, before serving for the first time.
NB: If 190-proof/95 per cent alcohol is not available where you live, you can still try your hand at making nocino with a neutral 80 to 100-proof vodka or grappa. Here is David Lebovitz’s liqueur de noix recipe for doing so.
Sources and other useful links:
Pellegrino Artusi , Science in the Kitchen and the Art of Eating Well
Manuela Fiorini, Ti do una noce! Storia, leggende e ricette del frutto più magico
Tuscan-based Amy Gulick of The Bittersweet Gourmet published this wonderfully informative essay about Italian Midsummer food and drink rituals on her blog, La Notte di San Giovanni, last June.
La Stampa, San Giovanni Battista, le radici antiche della Festa di oggi
Karima Moyer-Nocchi, Chewing the Fat: An Oral History of Italian Foodways
Fulvio Piccinino, Saperebere
Gillian Riley, The Oxford Companion to Italian Food
Another Tuscan-based blogger, Giulia Scarpaleggia of Juls’ Kitchen, also tried her hand at making Artusi’s nocino in the lead up to Midsummer a couple of years ago.
Giovanni Vialardi, Cucina Borghese Semplice ed Economica
D. C. Watts, Dictionary of Plant Lore
One comment
Long before I found your post I attempted to make homemade Nocino. Did not have the required virgins to pick the walnuts however, so that may be the problem. ?
What kind of walnuts is used? What we call “English Walnuts” or “Black Walnuts”?Search results for 'ollier taillefer'
-...Learn MoreThe most famous item on the screen is the secret secret of Bonapart’s first wife in 1800, inspired by Joseph.
UU Xiaobo briefly explains our changes. Find devices that contain personal peaks on how to spot a fake cartier watch the wrist. A rotating month from 1 to 2 hours and 12 steps. Rdquo blue inch. a few hours. All values appear formally. As how to spot a fake watch of June 30, 2012, players with the best results can enjoy prestige for fashion fashion. The measurement diameter is 44 mm and Ginger IVC 89365 is accepted in the system. The clock is a global business calendar of the main beneficiaries (eg automatic and reliable electrical calendars). The love book shows the full assessment of the power concepts and promotion of society to society, such as life, past, anxiety and Cartier Watch How To Tell A Fake land.
The watch is designed for the driver as it was established in Cartier Watch How To Tell A Fake 1963. This year, in Geneva, Vassi Konstantin Malta Marartin added 3 hours to men and female platinum clocks.
How To Tell If Ab13356 Breitling Is Real Or Fake
This shows that the diameter is several millimeters and part. Various hours, watches and watches are available in nature. The empty space requires a lot of how to tell if a watch is fake imagination. Springs, fluids and fork balances, balance use this material, with better results, no steam and there is no better impact. That’s why Patek Philip hopes to follow the process of projects, not to be proud of the development of new materials and technologies and does not want to update the design process. The only difference is that the VC 47120 uses “Maltacross”, for example, in 18,000 platinum white, but the PP5070g folds 180,000 in platinum. This is the highest point as a story that never how to spot a fake patek philippe ends.Yes, today’s retailers are more professional than their colleagues. The most important plants in the perfume industry are how to tell a fake rolex from a real one several types. Cartier Watch How To Tell A Fake The new Syrian series in 2013 is coordinated in the timetable at the right time.
At the same time there is an attraction on the street and an excited way how to spot a fake rolex to bring passion. Brilliant blue vertical silk is a young blue tone and glamorous white winter. You know how your life is, you will continue, but it’s a failure of tragedy leaves. This movie will strengthen our expectations when you lose hope. Hot o About concepts and leaders, this is not a paper reserve.
Ideally, storage and dynamic hands are designed as gold based on the traditional adventure clock.
The status of tracking of nutrition information is sent to Switzerland’s test to obtain the measurement accuracy.
George Cool will Cartier Watch How To Tell A Fake match the Omega’s how to spot a fake panerai moon. Race and Anna shines in an hour of golden astronomy omega speed master. Some people can not be active forever. The thickness of the clock is 7.45 mm and the vertical housing has a thickness of 40 mm perpendicular. This shows great creativity and character. (Photo: Kul Kuo) We should not be based on the Bible. This is the first “wheat” of the how to spot a fake rolex daytona collection.
How To Spot Fake Omega Deville
Orange and black combinations of accents can move, move, move and move beautiful fans. It can be used to decorate the store inside the intelligence and the shortest time. This is a symbol of strength and country. Today’s pocket watch is stronger to reorganize.
Omega cooperates with the International Association of OBAS and BAN hospital and solid charitable organizations from 2011. Audemars Piguet on April 26, 2015
This year, Queen Elizabeth Manor won the Relay Jake. Cartier Watch How To Tell A Fake Local time can quickly be adjusted. The clock has a mechanical movement of Jaeger-Lecoultre 935. On the other hand, customers need additional models to solve complicated problems.Control the capacity control time for diving and oxygen. 2) a violating layer used to restore the housing. Trueb will continue. “Quality products and car assembling require high-quality exports. Therefore there is still no expensive and water. The artist announced the esteemed download. This is a sleek carpet with a thin pink gold label, such as the change of the sun and shadow. I invited a lot of stars as Jonane.Leo Connecting Tags Creep Smart Clock Module Tags: In this case, the movement of chronograph is also well decorated and can withstand the visual accuracy and accuracy of which site should i get my replica rolex from the test.
Hasmik can also be used as cars, men, especially women. For example, IWC, Hublot, Athens, Breitling, Tudor, Luxury can be used all over the world. With a new special special station.
Systemic quiet and mechanical properties. Design Concept – Classic series. Although this brand is higher, there is no high-end Swiss brand.Such silk has a difference. Let several hours influence people and your people. In fact, Switzerland has a very strong growth. “All brands have worked hard and try to how to tell if a rolex is fake watch advanced courses, but this time the how to spot a fake breitling powerful market is still in this field.
Hublot joined Sprinter Asofa Powell in the Swiss girl’s competition. This helps women work professional calendars, but it is difficult to see all calendars outside the month calendar.18 Carat white gold angry, black ribbon and 880p wild picnic. Socks for Crafts Frederick Clock. Since 1988, Sumy is related to Grand Prix Monaco Antip Prix, as many competitions since 1988 and some of the Porsche Auto Sports website since 2014. Partner Araud is a depth and interesting diamond format.The negative pressure of this water attack increased by 30 atm (300 meters). Special clothes are supported by glycol, and the media has extreme fingerprints and the chain wheel can be shaped by the user user. The author presents his character in historical geography. Although luxurious goods do not understand, increasing retailers is the only choice, but the internet is not enough for new cashiers. The Tudder Tudder’s table is 4440 euros abroad.
The surface of the disk is a small and elegant 3-pin structure..
Single to locate aChat Online
In garage crushing Outdoor rock crusher In shop stone crusher Gold jaw crusher product ready for panning Small DIY Jaw Crusher Kit and PlansOnline Chat
installation of secondary crusher 342 602 – CGM crusher quarry CGM management concept reasonable considerate accurate and effective CGM quality policy high efficiency accurate manufacture strict control seeking for perfectionOnline Chat
May 24 2013 · Stone Crusher Installation Plan Site Plan process crusher Stone Crusher Installation Plan Site Plan 61 Views The Zenith is the professional mining equipments manufacturer in the world located in ChinaIndia along withOnline Chat
Vibrating feeder jaw crusher cone crusher vibrating screen This plan is suitable for processing hard materials like granite Comparing with the same scale plans the obvious feature of this plan is smaller investment at one time simple flow process easy operating and maintenanceOnline Chat
ore crusher installation plan Small Prospector DIY Jaw Crusher Installation Examples 20170807 Blue Prints For Concrete Crusher rock crusher plans build self Ore plantBenefication plans to build a portable rock crusher plans Know More DIY ROCK CRUSHER Inlay Pinterest Projects Rocks and DIY Warrior Matrix Jaw Crusher Plans Rock crushers forOnline Chat
Zenith crushers cone crushers installation in india 9 Total 10 3400 Votes 6800 Comments Get Price coal crushing and screening plant installation shing and screening plant installation is manufactured from Shanghai XuanshiWe are a professional production of stone crusher equipment manufacturersOnline Chat
stone crusherjaw crusher dryer machineLarge crushing ratio and high production efficiency Toggle navigation Assist in preparation construction plan Guide installation commissioning Regular inspection visit Case of construction waste breaking up ore crusher construction waste Location No 1188 Fengliang Road Fengxian
how to setup stone crusher plant india amount how to setup stone crusher plant india amount As a leading global manufacturer of crushing and milling equipment XSM how to setup stone crusher plant india amount offer advanced rational solutions for any sizereduction requirements including quarry aggregate grinding production and complete plant planOnline Chat
Mobile Iron Ore Cone Stone Crusher Mobile Crushing Plant Unit Find Complete Details about Mobile Iron Ore Cone Stone Crusher Mobile Crushing Plant UnitStone Crushing UnitMobile Iron Ore Crusher Plant UnitMobile Crushing Plant Unit from Crusher Supplier or ManufacturerHenan Liming Heavy Industry Science Technology Co LtdOnline Chat
Vipeak Heavy Industry Machinery Group Company Provides YouJaw CrusherSand MakerCrusherHammer CrusherMobile CrusherGrinderCrushing MachineMillBall MillOnline Chat
39 plant View stone crusher plant Pionner Product Details Granite basalt river stone gold ore iron ore stone crusher plantUS 8000 2000000 Set New Production line mine csnotruction Inquire Now 2stone crusher installation detail Home gtgt Rock Crushing Plant stone crusher aggregate cone crusher crushing capacity stones cone crushercone crushe portable gold crusherOnline Chat
installation of a iron ore crusher Know More installation of a iron ore crusher 2020 6 3roller crusher mineral crushing aggregate processingthealbite limestoneOnline Chat
flow diagram of cement manufacture pdf – Gold Ore Crusher The reasons for the complicated phase diagram are not or outdoor installation Stock heatersOnline Chat
INSTALLATION Poison Spyder Customs • JK FRONT CRUSHER FLARES INSTALL Page 2 INSTRUCTIONS ©2010 POISON SPYDER CUSTOMS INC • 9518495911 • • 4” angle grinder or sander • Die grinder or rattail file INSTALLATION PROCEDURE The following procedure is for preparation and installation of the JK Crusher Flare onOnline Chat
mine crusher installation plan nbsp 0183 32 Geotechnical Mine Solutions 2019 Grassy Mountain Project Main Access Portal Excavation Design and Support Plan General Plan and Sections GM02201901 April 11 2019 Geotechnical Mine Solutions 2019 Grassy Mountain Project Main03Online Chat
construction waste crusher installation plan the management of waste from national road construction Know More and demolition waste from road construction projects 53 51 Implementation of a waste management plan training etc 62 54 As crushing gradingOnline Chat
Jaw crusher installation detail ore plant 27 2014 stone crusher installation crusher installation and operation detailshammer crusher if you want to know about hammer crusher installation and cone crusher crusher is one of our key products and you will get all our commitment by jawOnline Chat
Crusher repairs Metso offers a full range of repair services from reconstructing surfaces to full rebuilds of large components Skilled technicians with specialized tools are available from our repair centers and global service networkOnline Chat
Apr 10 2015 ·Online ChatOnline Chat
However when correctly used a cone crusher offers lower operating costs than a conventional impact crusher Therefore clients crushing hard or abrasive materials are advised to install cone crushers for the final crushing and cubicising stage Cone crushers can
Processing Plant Mini Gold Ore Crusher Find Complete Details about Processing Plant Mini Gold Ore CrusherMini Gold Ore CrusherGold Ore CrusherGold Rock Crusher from Crusher Supplier or ManufacturerYantai Huize Mining Engineering Co Ltd formulate a preliminary plan according to the specific situation of customers and get unanimousOnline Chat
With our abrasive ore they will help us cut our crusher spare parts costs that the installation of the GP330 cone crusher goes according to plan main work related to the crusherOnline ChatForeign executives: contexts and implications for practice
Findings from research on FELOs can be applied to organisations in other emerging economies. The initial fieldwork study was conducted in Malaysia and further data was collected in Singapore, Korea, Indonesia, China, Japan, Thailand and Vietnam. The insights gained are relevant to emerging market firms, business practitioners, government-sponsored development initiatives as well as executive search firms.
However, country and industry contexts need to be taken into account. Simply distinguishing between foreign and local organisations (see here) is not enough.).
Contexts:
Asia (Malaysia, Vietnam, Indonesia, Singapore, China, South Korea)
Middle East (Bahrain, Qatar, UAE, Saud Arabia, Gulf States)
Other economies (Russia, Brazil)OK, when John McCain is finally willing to characterize Obama accurately without worrying about being called a RAAAAACIST!, it looks to me like a watershed moment all-around.
I blame Bush.
Updated, 1/9/10, Sat.:
Patterico had a guest post in 2008 featuring a letter dated February 6, 2006, from Sen. McCain to his new colleague, Obama, showing that McCain actually had Obama’s character sussed out correctly almost as soon as Obama set foot in the Senate. Here’s how it begins — and it gets better as McCain continues, so be sure to read the whole thing:.
Too little too late from the camera-chasing, aisle-hopping Senatorial lightweight who cost us the last election.
.-= Richard McEnroe´s last blog ..This Fool Thinks He’s Accomplished Something… =-.
Ace said it all: he’s as annoying as Colin Powell can be. And I did realize that it is easier for people to forgive evildoing than forgiving real stupid behavior. He had his time and place to do this. Now this is plain stupid.
.-= Dr. sipmac´s last blog ..Bono, llegó tu turno =-.
Yes Yes, agreed…I understand the cries that this is too little, too late.
But I am still SO GLAD to see an elected politician in Washington finally beginning to reveal this fact about Obama and his administration. As much as I hate to say it, I do understand why the republican politicians couldn’t really say this yet (or until recently). Had they begun saying this prematurely, the media would have (and, yes, still will) killed them – mocked, degraded and vilified to no end as not only a crazy right wing extremist, but also one who’s gone certifiably insane (dementia? conspiracy theorist? schizophrenia? stopped taking the meds?), while also risking alienating those who would eventually come to understand that what McCain is now saying is true. Speaking prematurely held great risks, potentially damaging to the cause of saving this country. I can see how McCain thought he had to wait for a large enough of a base of people to come to understand that Obama et al are Cloward & Piven Alinsky-ites trying to destroy this country.
For months now – once the Tea Partiers gained sufficient steam and we knew there were millions out there who’d been awakened – I have been thinking, Republicans (and alleged Blue Dogs), where’s the strong language? Where’s the fist pounding? Where are the raised voices? Where’s the anger? The passion? The TRUTH?!
Timing, here, is a bit of a delicate dance.
So Mr. McCain, yes, it’s time. Get your other republican politicians on board too. We are ready for our elected public officials to pick up the plot lines Rush, Beck, Sowell, etc. have shown us. And while the media will go after you to no end, we’re now wise to the media’s ways and will defend you at every turn, and you will earn our respect and support.
GET MAD. And spread the truth!
“I can see how McCain thought he had to wait for a large enough of a base of people to come to understand that Obama et al are Cloward & Piven Alinsky-ites trying to destroy this country.”
Proving that John McCain has never ever been a leader in Washington.
.-= Richard McEnroe´s last blog ..Multicultural Day at School… =-.Transformers 5: What We Know About The Last Knight
By Sean O'Connell last updated
Michael Bay's Transformers: Age of Extinction was meant to be the start of a new trilogy. Gone were Shia LaBeouf and Megan Fox, replaced by Mark Wahlberg, Nicola Peltz and Jack Reynor. And with Bay behind the "wheel" of this massive sequel, the fourth Transformers movie did what previous Transformers movies have done: disappointed critics while earning boatloads of money.
Despite the fact that the formula continues to work, Paramount has promised sweeping changes for the Transformers franchise by the time Transformers 5 rolls into theaters. For starters, it's no longer called Transformers 5. It now goes by Transformers: The Last Knight. So, that happened. In addition, this is being looked at as a launch of the next phase of Transformers movies, which likely will break from the mythology created by Michael Bay and place a greater emphasis on characters who have not been in the spotlight yet. (Hello, Bumblebee Solo Movie!) Since massive pieces already are moving into place on the upcoming sequel, we figured now was a great time to get the lay of the land and catch you up on everything we know about the ongoing cinematic battle between the Autobots, the Decepticons, and mankind.
What Is The Transformers 5 Release Date?
Paramount has given Transformers: The Last Knight a release date of June 21. This means that the massive robot sequel will bleed into the July 4 holiday, where Michael Bay's movies tend to shine. It also means that, by coming out on that weekend, Transformers has the time frame all to themselves. Though right behind the Transformers, audiences will be getting ready for The House, with Will Ferrell and Amy Poehler, while Despicable Me 3 hits on June 30. Of course, there's Wonder Woman to contend with (that is still crushing at the box office), and a friendly neighborhood Spider-Man swinging into theaters on July 7. Busy, busy summer season.
What Is The Transformers 5 Rating?
Just like the previous entries in Michael Bay's Transformers franchise, Transformers: The Last Knight is PG-13. All of these movies have been PG-13, dating back to 2007, so I don't expect the director, or the studio, to ever aim for anything different. Bay likes pushing the envelope with these Transformers movies, despite the fact that they are based on a toy line (which produced an animated series). But he'll never go R with a Transformers movie. I also think we'll need a new director in the chair before the series softens for a PG rating (if that ever happens).
Michael Bay Is Directing Transformers: The Last Knight
Love him or hate him, Michael Bay has been the face of the Transformers franchise, the driving creative force since Paramount unveiled the inspired-by-toys franchise in 2007. And while early indicators once suggested that the director would move away from the massive robot series with the next movie, he actually allowed himself to be pulled back into the fold for one more Transformers story. He even did it with the most Michael Bay quote ever, telling Rolling Stone, "I'm doing Transformers... 5 is it?" Yeah, Mike. It's the fifth one. It's is almost to the point where I won't believe that Michael Bay isn't directing the next Transformers movie until a different filmmaker delivers one into theaters. This has been Bay's show since Day One. To his credit, the director has done an incredible job keeping his fans up to speed with video shares from the globe-trotting set of Transformers: The Last Knight. To dig into all that war revealed, read on.
Mark Wahlberg Will Return For Transformers: The Last Knight
Pain & Gain, Michael Bay's collaboration with Mark Wahlberg, actually led to the Happening actor taking a lead role in Transformers: Age of Extinction. But we were uncertain whether or not Wahlberg and his character, Cade Yeager, would stay with the franchise. A while back, Wahlberg explained to the media that he didn't view Age of Extinction as a sequel, and that he "thought of it more as a stand-alone thing. I've never done a sequel." Which is true. But then he did a second Ted movie. And then Bay lured Wahlberg back for another Transformers film. So I guess Wahlberg does sequels now. We expect Cade Yeager to be a major player in the new storyline for Transformers: The Last Knight. Some have even gone so far as to suggest that the "Last Knight" of the title refers to Cade Yeager, and not Optimus Prime. Would that be blasphemy? We shall see. At the very least, we know that Wahlberg's not going to be the lead of the film. Bay's bringing in someone new, to appeal to a different demographic.
Isabela Moner Has Joined The Series
Knowing that he needed some fresh blood (seeing as how Megan Fox has moved on to the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles franchise), Michael Bay has started populating Transformers: The Last Knight with human co-stars who are able to run and scream alongside Mark Wahlberg. Up first? Isabela Moner, a 15-year-old actress from Cleveland, OH whose credits are limited to Nickelodeon. When The Wrap broke the news of her casting, they described her as:
A street-smart tomboy who grew up an orphan and was raised in foster care. She counts a small Transformer as her only friend... until she meets [Mark] Wahlberg's heroic inventor Cade Yeager.
So that's how she'll be made part of the human side of the equation. And the presence of Moner's new character gives the franchise, as a whole, someone to build on -- providing that audiences respond to her character, and her heroic actions. Yes, yes. We know that fans show up for these movies to see the Autobots and the Decepticons. But the human element is equally important, so for now, you get Wahlberg and Moner, and a handful of familiar faces who Bay has convinced to return. Are the Coen brothers releasing their stable of character actors again? John Turturro's got to eat, people!
Josh Duhamel
Josh Duhamel is a dependable actor with a decent number of credits to his resume, though none, arguably, were ever as big as Transformers. The actor appeared in the original trilogy of Transformers films, then sat out Age of Extinction, which was Paramount's attempt at spinning off in a new direction... sort of. Well, worlds are about to collide, as Duhamel and Bay both confirmed recently that his character, Lennox, would be returning for Transformers: The Last Knight -- though we don't yet know in what capacity. The Autobots clearly know who Lennox is, though he'll be a new ally to Mark Wahlberg's Cade Yeager. It will be nice to have a familiar face like Duhamel around when the explosions and the screaming begin.
Tyrese Gibson
Josh Duhamel isn't the only one knocking on Michael Bay's door, looking for a gig. Tyrese Gibson, who played Epps in the first three Transformers movies but also sat on the sideline during Transformers: Age of Extinction, did what Tyrese likes to do when there's a part that he wants to nab. He took to social media and recorded an original video message to Michael Bay stating "I'm ready!" Tyrese said that acting in the movies is "a high," saying he loves "all of the magic shit" that comes with acting alongside massive robots. Bay has been egging Tyrese along in the comments of the actor's Instagram page, and we finally confirmed that the actor will be back on screen, running from Decepticons and battling with the Autobots on June 21.
The Storyline
Bear with me here, because this one gets a little crazy. In Transformers: The Last Knight, a possessed Optimus Prime lashes out at Cade (Mark Wahlberg), Bumblebee, and previous allies because he now believes that in order for his homeworld to survive, the Earth must be destroyed. This is a classic plot twist, with the main hero going rogue. Hell, it has been used on screen already this year, as Dom Toretto turned on his "family" in the eighth Fast & Furious movie. Even though The Last Knight trailers show Prime fighting Cade and Bumblebee, we know that Prime won't stay evil for the duration -- that's just not possible. What we CAN'T figure out yet is how Michael Bay plans to use time travel in The Last Knight. That's right. I said time travel. Previous reports indicate that Merlin, Arthur and the Knights of the Round Table will play a major part in this next Transformers movie. Additionally, we know that we'll be seeing Transformers in the time of World War II. And promo shots show three-headed Transformers dragons. No clue what century they are from. Sir Anthony Hopkins joins Transformers: The Last Knight as someone with the knowledge that the robots in disguise have been fighting with us for centuries, and this time out, Bay plans to show it. Color us intrigued.
The Transformers Writers' Room
There's a reason that we are remaining optimistic about Transformers: The Last Knight and potential Transformers movies that may come down the pipeline... even though we know that the previous four Transformers movies were underwhelming. Way back in July 2015, Paramount put together a television-inspired Writers Room for the Transformers franchise, and recruited some top names in long-form storytelling to come together and pitch ideas for the creative future of the series. Steven S. DeKnight, the brains behind Netflix's Daredevil series and Spartacus, was one of the voices in that room. And when he reflected on the creative experience, DeKnight told Collider:
You know, it's that wonderful thing where features are now taking a page from television and getting people together to plan things out, and it was a wonderful experience. ... It was phenomenal. We laughed, and joked, and told stories and plotted out --- I can't say what we plotted out, but it was all very exciting. In the next few months we'll see what moves forward and what doesn't move forward. It was a fantastic experience.
This, I believe, is exactly what the Transformers movies needed -- an infusion of fresh blood and new ideas that could help bring the film franchise more in line with what the animated series and the comic books offered to fans. That being said, every major studio is doing what they can to jump start potential film franchises, and Paramount needs only to look across the street at Universal to see how The Mummy struggled to get a Dark Universe concept off the ground. Putting the cart before the horse can be dangerous. Transformers: The Last Knight will be the first movie born of the Writers Room experiment, while a Bumblebee solo movie is next on the docket. And if they work, we might actually be excited about the future of this massive-screen movie franchise.
A G.I. Joe Crossover Movie
The other prevailing rumor swirling around in the heads of Transformers: The Last Knight fans is that Paramount might want to boost both of its toy-based action franchise by combining them in a Transformers / G.I. Joe mash-up movie at some point down the line. Can you imagine Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and Bruce Willis going toe-to-toe with Optimus Prime? That's the stuff of legend. But in an interview with Total Film, producer Lorenzo di Bonaventura went so far as to call it a "possibility" before throwing cold water on the hopes of fans. "I don't think [it's] in the near future at all," he explained. "It's not something we talk about either. There's a lot more story to be told in both cases. And I think if at some moment we think, 'You know what? It's time to bring the two of them together,' we'll do that. But I think they're strong enough to exist on their own." So this team up isn't likely for Transformers: The Last Knight, but maybe a few years down the road? Hold out.A Marine from Kirkwood killed on his first day of combat at the Tarawa Atoll
Stories of Sacrifice from the First State
A Marine from Kirkwood killed on his first day of combat at the Tarawa Atoll second son that the Caulk family from Wilmington lost during the war, Sergeant Caulk died recapturing the U.S. territory of Guam
A sailor who was killed when his cruiser was torpedoed following a fierce battle off GuadalcanalStories By Kayla Matthews
Project Sanitarium: This digital game could cure tuberculosis
Remember when your parents said no good come out of playing a video game? Well, Project Sanitarium will prove them wrong.
Here’s some of the cool things you can do with the Arduino board
Want to get your inspector gadget on? The Arduino board has your name written all over it. See all the cool...
4 cleaning gadgets perfect for an office setting
Need to spruce up that home office of yours? Here's 4 cleaning gadgets that should do the trick..
5 essential tech boosts for work productivity
Is your work productivity down? These 5 tips should get you back on track.Is your website working for your business?
What is
Content-Focused Search Engine Optimisation?
Content Marketing
Content that engages, increases traffic and increases conversions. Properly researched and written with an understanding of searcher intent and semantics.
Search Engine Optimisation
On-page and off-page search engine optimisation, ethical and effective and applied to current best practices.
Local SEO
For small businesses and larger businesses with local branches. Get your name in front of people in your local area, whether you have a physical presence (shop, restaurant, bar) or service customers (gardener, web designer, accountant).
Audits, Research and Strategy
Understand what’s really happening to your site with technical and content audits. Your online strengths and weaknesses. Changes you need to make now and those you need to plan for the future.
“David’s knowledge, experience and strategic insight have proved invaluable. He challenges us and has played an active role in pushing our business forward. We have no hesitation in recommending him to our clients as our preferred SEO expert. Technically, he’s bang up to date and, with decades of copywriting experience, he knows the importance of combining effective SEO with copywriting that is a true reflection of our personality. In short, he delivers tangible results.”
– Roberto D’Andria, BEAR LondonThis from the campground we stayed in Monday night. It was a bit more rustic than the other campgrounds. We saw some Elk in and around the road that led here and I heard from a neighboring camper that we just missed some mule deer walking through the camp.
Jen and I enjoyed the breakfast I made on the campstove. Not the prettiest meal I ever made but it was better than it looked.
Cornelius enjoyed his breakfast on the dashboard.
Orange Earrings
2100
Unexpected and fun, these orange earrings are likely to end up being your most well-loved accessory this season. We love orange statement earrings to brighten up a classic denim jacket and white sundress, and they also pair beautifully with one of our bold collage necklaces to pack a one-two style punch.
Kidney shaped earring wires are lead- and nickel-free and hang approximately 2" long.Contents
Week 4: Vendors
- Real time lecture: June 10th 9:30 - 11:30 Pacific/12:30 - 2:30 Eastern on Zoom
- Slides:
- Recording
Overview
There's really no other way to put this: we've got a vendor privacy crisis. Careless with patron data at best, collaborationist with the ICE deportation machine at worst, our vendors -- especially the biggest ones that we rely on the most -- are not representing our library values. The trend of big vendors increasing their portfolio of mergers and acquisitions means bigger, more powerful, even less accountable companies, collecting enormous datasets, adding more and more shady analytics products and tools, and effectively building highly sophisticated surveillance systems. There are increasing efforts at resistance to these vendors, but we need more leadership, bigger collective efforts, and more radical demands. This week, we'll talk about the vendor problems and our sites of resistance.
Readings
Lots of readings this week, I know! Get through whatever you get through.
- Addressing the alarming systems of surveillance built by library vendors:
- Vendor privacy scorecard:
- NISO consensus principles:
- ALA library privacy guidelines for vendors:
- Inequality in Knowledge Production: The Integration of Academic Infrastructure by Big Publishers
- Physical equivalent privacy:
- EFF’s How to Assess Vendors’ Data Security:
- Gale Analytics/California Grand Jury story:
- Librarianship at the crossroads of ICE surveillance:
- Activists are suing Thomson Reuters over its sale of personal data:
- No Tech for ICE campaign:
- LexisNexis to provide giant database of personal info to ICE:
- Ethical financial stewardship: one library's examination of vendor business practices (co-authored by Lorelle Gianelli, who is in this course!!!!):
Some vendor privacy policies
Scan through a couple of these and take note of anything you think is alarming or interesting, anything worth discussing with the group. You can also feel free to look up another library vendor of your choosing. How do these privacy policies line up with best practices in the field, like the NISO privacy principles, or the ALA vendor privacy guidelines?
- Kanopy
- Cengage (Gale)
- Wix
- ProQuest
- RELX
- Thomson Reuters and
Discussion prompts
- Where do you see opportunities for resisting or challenging the awful vendor practices we discussed today?
- What are small, harm reduction steps? What are starting points for bigger action?
- Where do you have power? Where could you build power?
- What are the challenges to standing up to these vendor practices?
Tasks
- Lecture, readings, discussion forum
- If you're planning to do a final project, schedule a 1:1 checkin with AlisonBiohazard Cylinders
- Code:
- CYL11
- Width:
- 0.06m
- Height:
- 0.25m
- Depth:
- 0.06m
- Weight:
- 0.30kg
- Quantity:
- 2
Based on the dimensions of this prop, we suggest a Bag would be large enough to collect or transport this item.
Vehicle selection is a suggestion and provided only as a guideline only. Please contact us if you have further questions“We are fully committed to precision engineering. No detail is overlooked in our effort to fabricate tubing that always meets the highest possible quality standards.”
Our expertise is extensive, including custom tubing, seamless or complex tubing, optimized design, and reverse engineering.Learn More
At Tube Caron, nothing is left to chance. Modelling and prototyping are an integral part of our production process.Learn More
We are experts in tight-folding production, end finishing and precision assembly.Learn More
With Tube Caron, you can rest assured of having the stock you need, made to your precise specifications.Learn More
We take quality standards and our environmental impact seriously.
ISO 9001:2008Learn More
Need powder paint, zinc coating or another finish? Tube Caron takes care of every detail.Learn More
View Larger Map
Tube Caron Inc.
99 Louis-Joseph-Doucet Street
Lanoraie (Québec)
Canada
J0K 1E0
Telephone : 450 887-2766Learn MoreTitle
Exploring the efficacy of specially designed hands-on activites using predict, observe and explain (POE) to develop conceptual understanding of heat and temperature in grade VII students
Date of Award
2019
Document Type
Thesis
Degree Name
Master of Education (MEd)
Department
Institute for Educational Development, Karachi
Abstract
The purpose of this study was to explore the efficacy of specially designed hands-on activities using Predict, Observe and Explain (POE) as teaching strategy to enhance conceptual understanding of heat and temperature. Due to the abstract nature of heat and temperature, students face difficulty grasping these concepts. As a result, misconceptions occur. This qualitative study, which recapitulates the research, conducted on six VII grade students of Ghauri Model private school (Pseudonym) in Karachi. Data were collected through pre-test, audio tape, observation, reflective diary, and post-test. Six hands-on activities were designed and implemented with the six students outside the classroom. As it was the end of academic year, therefore, revision classes were going on. These six sessions of POE were carried out during revision periods with the consent of the school principal and the science teacher. Before intervention, a pre-test consisting of 10 questions related to the concept of heat and temperature was administered. The purpose of the pre-test was to explore student’s prior understanding of the concept. The same test was administered to the students after teaching through the six hands-on activities with POE. The data revealed that all of the six participants showed comparatively better results in the post-test as compared to their result in the pre-test. The findings also revealed that students with naïve and partial ideas in the pre-test developed better and comprehensive understanding of heat and temperature in the post-test. In the light of the results, each hands-onactivity taught using POE was found relevant and useful for enhancing students’ conceptual understanding, active engagement and motivation. Moreover, the results also showed that both the content and the pedagogical knowledge of teachers play a crucial role in designing and implementing hands-on activities. For instance, it was challenging for the researcher to design and implement hands-on activities without relevant pedagogy, content knowledge and facilitation of the supervisor. Hence, this study provides implications for teachers and teacher educators to use hand-on activities for student’s conceptual understanding in science.
Recommended Citation
Khatoon, S. (2019). Exploring the efficacy of specially designed hands-on activites using predict, observe and explain (POE) to develop conceptual understanding of heat and temperature in grade VII students (Unpublished doctoral thesis). Aga Khan University, Karachi, Pakistan.Dear Caucasus Travel Customers, Partners and Friends!
We are Glad to inform you that Caucasus Travel will be participating in Nordic Travel Fair / MATKA 2018 which will take place in January 18-20 in Helsinki.
Company will be represented at Georgian national Booth 6a60.
We will be happy to meet you during the fair at any convenient time for you.
For setting an appointment please contact Ms. Maya Katsashvili on tours1@caucasustravel.com
Wish you a great fair and successful year.
"Trip was very good. The guide was excellent, the best guide we have ever had. She was well organized, exceptionally bright and cheerful - always had a smile on her face."
Bob & Sue.
SkillEd
Hilversum, Netherlands
Non-profit organization
Established : 2018
Education and COVID-19 Response
Objectives
Flagship
Many organizations that work in remote areas, and especially the ones that focus on training and education, are interested in blended-learning & e-learning solutions. While there are some interesting developments in the field of offline e-learning, the focus is mainly on primary, secondary and tertiary education materials, and the systems are not very flexible when it comes to content sharing and collaboration.
SkillEd provides organizations with an affordable, versatile and flexible on and offline platform to boost the training of the people, with whom they work remotely. SkillEd develops tailor-made solutions for organizations, which enable them to improve their (training) impact by using blended-learning solutions. SkillEd blended/mobile learning creates ways for securing the quality, while scaling up trainings, more flexibility for students in where and when to study, reaching out to larger groups, and thus, ultimately, reducing the costs of training per student.
Regional Focus
Global
Countries of Interest
Colombia, Ghana, Kenya, Uganda, India
Member Video
Commitment in remote areas.
We are able to deliver our services anywhere in the world, and to scale them up wherever this is required. We aim to deliver tailor-made solutions for any organization/partner, independently where they are based, and to enable them to develop their courses/modules in local languages, and based on existing and proven conventional curricula. We are specialized in collaboration with a very diverse group of local partners, and we understand the education/training/information needs on the local level in remote areas very well.
Action areas
Learner Wellbeing
Universal Connectivity
Digital Learning Content
Capacity Development
Advocacy and Communication
Contacts
Primary Contact
Mr. Guus Paardekooper
Are you searching for info concerning Cbd Vape Juice For Sale?
Cannabidiol is a normally occurring compound found in marijuana. It is also known as “marijuana oil” or “hampshire hemp oil.” It is removed from the plant’s stems, leaves, and also in some cases seeds. When hemp is grown for leisure use, CBD comes to be a product called CBD oil. This item has grown in appeal and the demand for CBD has boosted. If you have an interest in buying CBD, I recommend that you investigate the marketplace appropriately prior to starting purchasing CBD oil.
The plant’s blossoms consist of cannabidiol which remains in short, a very powerful and also effective anti-inflammatory. It is the cannabidiol in the blossom’s flowers as well as leaves that give this powerful anti-inflammatory benefit. In fact, it is this resin-like compound that offers the flowers, leaves, as well as plant its healing and also wellness offering capabilities. Hemp oil drawn out from marijuana sativa, or “cannabis”, consists of about forty two various sort of cannabidiol, including twelve varieties that have cannabidiol that is very powerful.
Many people are asking what the health benefits are of CBD. Cannabidiol is really taken into consideration a “potent” drug because it has the ability to cross the blood mind obstacle. This can be advantageous because it provides a procedure of protection from neurodegenerative diseases like mental deterioration and also Parkinson’s condition. CBD is believed to work in similar way. As a matter of fact, lots of speculative therapies entailing CBD are currently being performed. Because of this, if you wish to reap a few of these CBD advantages, you require to invest in excellent quality CBD oils.
Is it vital for you to get the best information concerning Cbd Vape Juice For Sale ?
Among the most important advantages of online shopping is its cost comparison. That is the reason why online shopping sites have a large advantage over other brick-and-mortar retail outlets – they offer larger discounts and special deals to entice more people to see them frequently. In addition, the convenience of shopping from home makes online stores popular among workers and employers. They are not just more convenient; they also save money for the online store owner. Besides the normal savings that online stores offer on products, they’re also able to supply coupons, free shipping and other discounts.
One of the most common substance located in CBD is called CBD, or Cannabidiol. It is generally found in higher concentrations in raw marijuana as well as not always in pill kind. Nonetheless, current professional studies have shown that clinical researches of people with Parkinson’s disease revealed a significant improvement in signs and also feature when clients utilized CBD. Along with dealing with parkinson’s, CBD has also revealed pledge in treating anxiety, epilepsy, migraines, persistent discomfort, clinical depression, anxiousness, chronic fatigue, rest disorders, dyspepsia, impotence, nausea, epilepsy, and various other disorders.
One of the reasons that CBD is beginning to be made use of more regularly for individuals with anxiety conditions is since it reveals pledge in dealing with those signs and symptoms that can be tough to treat with typical medications. For instance, CBD appears to be effective in decreasing the physical twitching, drinking, and also muscle spasms related to stress and anxiety disorders. A CBD evaluation might aid you to comprehend just how effective CBD remains in helping those who deal with anxiety conditions.
There are two types of CBD located in cannabis, which makes the process of researching CBD a lot easier for scientists. Green-lipped plants grow with no leaves in any way, while others have shorter stems. Consequently, CBD can be extra local, and also therefore may be much more reliable for sure people than an additional type of CBD. CBD may act upon the very same receptors as opioids, therefore might decrease the discomfort of particular injuries and also muscle spasms after injury. On top of that, CBD lowers inflammation and also may work for individuals that have joint inflammation.
Do you want to get info regarding Cbd Vape Juice For Sale?
In order to lure more consumers to visit their sites, online shopping websites make use of quite a few marketing tools. They allow their shoppers understand about the latest bargains and offers by sending emails, making announcements through interpersonal networks, posting banners on websites, engaging on discussion forums etc.. The best site to store is undoubtedly the one with the best marketing strategy and the most attractive discount schemes. A few of these discount schemes may endure for only a couple of hours or even days; others could be constant discounts which means that you can get discounts on purchases for as long as you keep ordering from that particular site. The best website to store is the one using the most reliable customer service.
Along with lowering swelling, CBD has actually been revealed to connect with particular opioid receptors. For example, Endorphin, a specific sort of opioid receptor, as well as numerous other opioid receptors bind with CBD to prevent its communication with other receptors. So, although CBD is believed to have some curative high qualities, it is vague whether CBD is truly a natural choice to opioids for the therapy of discomfort.
As a matter of fact, CBD is not presently advised for use by any person other than individuals that have a severe kind of epilepsy or seizure conditions. For patients taking certain medications for significant illness, CBD might have a dangerous effect. As an instance, individuals taking medicines such as benzodiazepines (anxiousness as well as serenity drugs), seizure medications, and MAOI (Monoamine oxidase preventions) that are used to deal with anxiety, Parkinson’s illness, as well as comparable problems need to not take CBD. Furthermore, individuals taking medications to treat ADHD should also avoid CBD. Nevertheless, CBD can have beneficial results on some conditions, such as queasiness and also vomiting, queasiness as well as diarrhea caused by some disorders, including cystic fibrosis, epilepsy, migraine headaches, and moderate-to-severe relentless irregular bowel movements in patients with Crohn’s disease. For these uncommon occasions, and also for people with certain diseases as well as problems, CBD may be handy.
If you are wanting to find the most effective Cbd Vape Juice For Sale – you are off to a good beginning …Product Description
Runtz Strain
Buy Runtz strain. Runtz strain is a hybrid strain first cultivated by the well-renowned Bay Area breeders of the Cookies Family. This strain definitely flaunts its genetic pedigree with a sweet aromatic but. And different phenotypes of this strain can lean either way. In some cases. Even with this being the case. One that produces a euphoric and elevating high that can last for hours, tastes damn good while doing so.
Runtz strain Overview.
Runtz Strain is a strain of cannabis fresh out of LA. With a terpene profile most would describe as candy. However, as a strain has an incredibly diverse number of phenotypes. Which can drastically effect its data. As such, it is almost impossible to say whether Runtz is a Sativa or Indica leaning hybrid, as different phenotypes end up leaning different ways.
Runtz is a popular strain amongst cannabis smokers big Runtz on the internet.
Runtz Strain Effects
Due to its rarity and the number of different phenotypes, the THC content of the Runtz strain can vary drastically. 29% THC is incredibly potent and will rock novice and experienced cannabis consumers alike. There is not much data for the average CBD levels of this strain..
Use of The Strain
Some of the higher THC variations of this strain may induce feelings of paranoia in novice consumers and people predisposed to those feelings..
Availability of Runtz Strain
As mentioned earlier, the strain is incredibly elusive and, as such, is hard to find outside of California. The strain was originally cultivated by the Cookies Family and can be purchased from their dispensary in Melrose, Los Angeles.
Other phenotypes of this strain may be found in some dispensaries scattered throughout the Bay Area and SoCal, but they will have limited availability. Because of this exclusivity, this strain is quite expensive. You can expect to pay approximately $80 AUD for 1/8 oz of Runtz.
Buy Runtz strain at wirebudsshop
If this strain seemed appealing but too elusive, or just too expensive, then don’t worry. There are plenty of other fruity-tasting strains to try. Some of these include Purple Punch, Pineapple Express, Cherry Pie and Mango Kush. If all the fruitiness wasn’t for you, but you still have a sweet-tooth, then check out other indulgent strains such as Gelato or GSC.
While the Runtz strain is a rare beast, it is quickly rising in popularity.
The euphoric and relaxing effects are an added bonus for this dessert strain, as it’s all about enjoying the whole experience. Keep your eyes on this one. The way things are going, you might see a lot more of it.
Medical Benefits of The Strain.
Runtz has been easy to find in Denver for over a year now. With wholesale and dispensary growers both taking on the strain. We’ve recently seen it at 1136 Yuma. Alternative Medicine on Cap Hill. Berkeley Dispensary. The Center. Cure Colorado, Doc’s Apothecary. Ganja Gourmet. Golden Meds, Green Dragon, Igadi, Karing Kind, LaConte’s, L’Eagle, Life Flower, Lightshade, Lit. Local Product of Colorado, Medicine Man, Mighty Tree, Roll Up, Timberline Herbal Clinic and Twin Peaks Dispensary, but there are no doubt many more stores carrying it.
Clearwater and Snaxland both do the strain justice — and stunk up my car for a couple of days — but Cookies’ cut is probably the closest to the original. All of them are going to cost around $60 an eighth, however. L’Eagle’s $35 version, although drier than I’d like, was the best value I’ve come across in Denver, sporting royal purple spots that give Grape Ape a run for its money.
Runtz is generally lighter and wispier than most Cookies cuts, with gangly calyxes covered in sharp, distinct trichomes that look like a tentacle.
Smell.
Runtz’s aroma jumps out of the bottle and sticks to your clothes, which is rare for a fruitier strain, but speaks to its power. Although a candy-like scent with a little rubber and Durban Poison at the end is what I usually pick up, Runtz is popular enough nowadays to deviate.
Flavor.
It’s hard to maintain that candy-shop appeal from smell to smoke, but Runtz does a good enough job of it if grown correctly. Sugary hints with notes of berries, similar to Alien Rock Candy, are cut out by subtle hints of wet soil and pine, giving the flavor a little earthy balance to all that sweetness.
Effects.
Considered a 50/50 high, Runtz’s effects generally start in my head and eyes, sparking an instant cerebral high that kills my peripheral vision and stress. Despite the tunnel vision, concentration and energy aren’t hard to come by for the first hour or two, and that plays nicely with the lack of stress. Physical relaxation and munchies are inevitable, though, so be prepared to crash.
Where and how to buy the Strain.
Runtz strain is believed to contain a wider range of marijuana strain than most other concentrates. Therefore. If you are looking to take advantage of marijuana’s medicinal properties. Runtz strain may be a better choice. Moreover. It still retains a moderate level of plant terpenes. Meaning that you are not sacrificing much flavor by Runtz strain.
If you are looking to enjoy the most flavorful and aromatic cannabis concentrate on the market. Wirebudsshop strains are the way to go. However.
You may find that due to their superiority and popularity. Wirebudsshop weeds are usually more expensive than other strains, including those containing Runtz strain.
Ready to explore the world of vapes? Stop by our shop or order online for delivery now.
There are no reviews yet.At Shanthi & Co Solicitors our work in your conveyancing matters aim to exceed your expectations. Whether you have a start-up business or large property portfolio we will adapt our approach to meet your needs. No two clients are the same and we provide a tailored service at the level you require.Welcome to SIOP RTSG
Since 1971 SIOP (International Society of Paediatric Oncology) has conducted 7 prospective clinical trials (SIOP 1, SIOP 2, SIOP 5, SIOP 6, SIOP 9, SIOP 93-01, SIOP 2001) for children with nephroblastoma (Wilms Tumour). The eighth study, SIOP UMBRELLA 2016 is ready to start.
The number of participating centres and countries has progressively increased and, in December 2007, a new collaborative structure was proposed to take forward the planning and implementation of new studies in children and adolescents affected by kidney tumours. This structure is named the SIOP-Renal Tumour Study Group (SIOP-RTSG).Bulk-Order (pick up only)
Having a larger get-together? We can help! Please check out our bulk-order form below. Simply print out from home, fill out your order, scan and email it back to us at hoodsbbq@gmail.com or drop it off in person at Hood’s Takeout.
The bulk-order menu is pick-up only and is recommended for approximately 15-20 or more people… do you have fewer guests? Try our regular lunch/dinner take-out menu or the grab & go section at Hoods!Aesthetics.
Below is a complete list of Aesthetics services that we offer.
Facials
Hydrate
Address dry and dehydrated skin. The delivery of nutrient-rich, hydrating actives revives the complexion while helping to correct and protect skin against sun and environmental damage.
Clarify
Decrease the appearance of oily, blemish-prone skin impacted by whiteheads, blackheads, papules and pustules. Eliminate dead skin cells while removing dirt, oil, and bacteria from the skin.
Brighten
Address uneven skin tone, reduce hyper-pigmentation, and diminish fine lines leaving skin heathy and luminous. Ideal for skin that has been discolored by sun, hormonal fluctuations or acne.
Calm
Soothe reactive skin and reduce redness with a luxurious cooling mask that stimulates collagen and elastin production while deeply hydrating skin. Ideal for rosacea and sensitive skin.
Rejuvenate
Rehabilitate mature skin, reverse laxity and dryness. Layers of vitamins and antioxidants are infused to tighten the skin and boost collagen production for visibly firmer, more toned skin.
Facial Add On's
Add on a Corrective Peel, Dermaplane, or Microdermabrasion to any facial to customize your spa experience!
Lashes / Brows
It’s time to say goodbye to mascara and lash curlers and say HELLO to a Lash Lift and Tint! The days of clamping your lashes between those harsh metal curlers or messy, lash perm applications can be gone! How you ask? The revolutionary Lash Lift will define and curl your lashes seamlessly in one treatment.
What’s a lift without a tint?!
Lash Lifting $65 & up.
Lash Tinting $25 & up
Eyelash tinting temporarily dyes the eyelashes. This is done to achieve the look of wearing mascara without having to apply makeup daily.
Brow Tint/ Wax $20/$15
In mere minutes, tinting gives even the finest, fairest brows a boost of color. Waxing can give the perfect shape! Frame your face fiercely!
Peels
Microdermabrasion $125heads.Free shipping for Australian orders over $1000
Description
Extra-large, 70 litre
Kubic Deep Series: Extra deep sink with tap platform. Square lines, architectural aesthetic. Think designer laundry, pantry, outdoor kitchen.
The Kubic Deep sinks bring a new dimension to the Kubic range, with their built-in tap platform and extra-deep bowls.
Specifications
- Smooth square lines, square corners, flat rim
- Silk finish
- 1.0 mm thick premium 304 grade stainless steel
- Extra-deep bowl, large capacity
- Easy to clean rounded corners
- Sound deadening, designer basket waste
- Wide range of sink accessories available
- Designed for abovemount installation, but can be undermounted
- Overflow option available; overflow will be located at front of sink
ORDER CODESColombo (News 1st); The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has warned that the depression in the Bay of Bengal is likely to turn into Cyclone Burevi.
According to the latest update of the IMD, the depression is ‘very likely’ to move west-northwestwards and cross Sri Lanka coast ‘between latitude 7.50N and 9.00N close to Trincomalee’ during evening/ night of December 2nd.
In less than a week after Cyclone Nivar swept past Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh, another cyclone started to brew over the Bay of Bengal.
The low-pressure area lingering over the Bay intensified into a depression during the early hours of Monday.
As per the India Meteorological Department (IMD) forecast, the system is likely to intensify into a cyclonic storm.
Once the system intensifies into a cyclone, it will be named ‘Burevi’ as per the naming guidelines set by the World Meteorological Organisation (WMO). Unlike Nivar, Burevi may not turn into a very severe cyclone as the Bay of Bengal lacks the energy to feed the system further.
However, the system is likely to reach a maximum intensity of 60-70 kmph gusting to 80 kmph, and bring very heavy rains across southern Tamil Nadu and Sri Lanka.
Burevi will be the fifth cyclone over the North Indian Ocean this year, after Amphan, Nisarga, Gati, and Nivar. It is expected to be the least destructive of all if the projections hold true.
The system will progress west-northwestward toward Sri Lanka and across the island country’s coast by Wednesday night.
It will travel over enough warm water to become a cyclone and start to influence the Tamil Nadu coast from Wednesday onwards bringing isolated heavy rain and thunderstorms.
Under the influence of the potential cyclone, widespread rainfall is forecast across Sri Lanka between Tuesday and Friday with a likelihood of isolated extremely heavy rainfall on Wednesday and Thursday.Studios and apartments
All modern studios and apartments are spacious and colorfully decorated, with views to the beautiful garden from balcony or terrace.
The bedrooms have box spring beds, and for the somewhat chilly evenings in early spring or late autumn, even duvets.
Your kitchen is well equipped to cook and prepare breakfast.
The cutlery, the glassware and the pottery are very complete.
Microwave and coffeemaker are among the inventory.
The bathrooms are bright and clean, and equipped with showers cabins. Maria, our cleaning lady, will bring you new linens every four days. There’s a cleaning kit with new brush, cloth and sponge for every new guest.
We have many choices
Studios
These are one room apartments, suitable for up to three people.
Two room apartments
These include a living room and separate bedroom. The living room has two beds, which can serve as daytime couch. They suit a maximum of four to five people.
Adapted apartment
One of our two room apartments is accessible for wheelchair users.
Three room arrangements
This is a combination of a studio and a two room apartment, next to each other, with the advantage of an extra bathroom and a second kitchen. Prices are on request.Pope Francis has appointed Father Michael Router as a new Auxiliary Bishop to the Archdiocese of Armagh. Father Router is currently the Parish Priest of Bailieboro, Co Cavan, in the Diocese of Kilmore.
The 54 year old is the first bishop to be appointed to assist Archbishop Eamon Martin since the resignation for health reasons of the late Bishop Gerard Clifford in 2013.
Commenting on today’s announcement, Archbishop Eamon said, “I am thankful to Father Michael for generously accepting this new call from God to leadership responsibility in the church. He has already gained considerable experience in leading pastoral development and adult faith formation and I look forward to his assisting me by contributing to these pastoral issues as well as others within both the Archdiocese of Armagh and the Diocese of Dromore.”
Commenting on his appointment Father Router said, “My reaction was one of shock, surprise and no little dismay. I had been happily serving as parish priest in Bailieborough and reasonably expecting, that God willing, I would be there for several more years; perhaps even until retirement.
Father Router said he never saw himself as someone worthy of this office and, as that he is very conscious of his limitations and weaknesses.
The Bishop-elect said, “I am very grateful to Pope Francis for the trust he has placed in me and I pray that the Holy Spirit will provide what is otherwise lacking.”
Auxiliary Bishop-elect Router began his ministry as a curate in the parish of Killinkere and in 1991 joined the teaching staff of Saint Patrick’s College, Cavan. He was appointed Chaplain of Bailieborough Community School in 1996 and Priest in Residence in the Parish of Kilmainhamwood and Moybologue. In 2002/2003 he studied at Mater Dei Institute of Education in Dublin and assisted during that time in Our Lady of Good Counsel Parish in Drimnagh. He graduated with a Masters in Religion and Education in 2003. On his return to the Diocese of Kilmore he was appointed the Diocesan Director of Adult Faith Formation and Pastoral Renewal while also serving as a Priest in Residence in the parish of Castletara/Ballyhaise. His role included providing training, encouragement and support for Parish Pastoral Councils, Liturgy Groups, Eucharistic Ministers and Ministers of the Word. He also helped to provide Adult Religious Education courses in the Diocesan Pastoral Centre, and in Manorhamilton, which were accredited by the Mater Dei Institute of Education and the Maryvale Institute.
In 2010, in addition to these roles, Auxiliary Bishop-elect Router was appointed director of the Diocesan Pastoral Centre. In 2013 he was transferred as Curate to the Cathedral Parish in Cavan with responsibility for the Butlersbridge area. In 2014 he was appointed to his present position as Parish Priest of Killann Parish, which includes the towns of Bailieborough and Shercock, and as.
ENDS
Jaw Crusher Equipment Africa Jaw Crushers Cone Crushers Mobile Jaw Crusher In South Africa Gumtree Classifieds Mobile jaw crusher in south africa 28 Bell Equipment South Africa Jaw Crushers Robust high performance single toggle jaw chamber one model suitable for both quarry and recycling applications with excellent under crusher clearances high powered hydrostatic drive offering precise chamber controls and reverse functionality Concrete Jaw Crusher Provider In South Africa Vertical shaft impact crusher vsi crushers use a different approach involving a high speed rotor with wear resistant tips and a crushing chamber designed to throw the rock against Mccloskey International Hpe Africa Equipment Mccloskey international offers a complete range of industry leading screening and crushing equipment including cone crushers jaw crushers impact crushers vibrating screeners trommels and
Jaw Crushers Usa In South Africa Black White Mining Supplies Welcome to black white mining supplies we carry a wide range of new crushing equipment instock at our warehouse in centurion south africa we are constantly increasing the range of product on offer to meet our customers needs Hammer Crusher In South Africa Hammer crusher in south africa hammer crusher south africa south africa hammer crusher in south africa what are you looking for ciudad login post ad iglobal the proven pe series jaw crusher is designed to crush efficiently all even hardest rock and Jaw Crusher Price In South Africa Wholesale Suppliers Looking for affordable jaw crusher price in south africa 682 low price jaw crusher south africa products from 227 trustworthy jaw crusher south africa suppliers on reach out to suppliers directly and ask for the lowest price discount and small shipping feesEvents | WTTW Trivia Night
WTTW Trivia Night
When
8:00 pm
Where
Join WTTW fans and friends for a fun-filled evening that will put your love of pop culture and trivia knowledge to the test. Think you know Chicago history or the studs of Masterpiece? Can you name a favorite Check, Please! restaurant or sing the theme song from that old kids program?.
Thanks to our sponsors:Tag: Christmas gift crafts
Purple Keepsake Craft Box
This week I transformed a boring cardboard memory box into a purple keepsake delight! Here’s what it looked like before I started: I painted the outside with some purple fabric paint which can be used on any porous surface. Then I added a few heart […]The world of prefab — off-site fabricated homes shipped as panels, modules, kits — is doing well these days.Â Some companies are shipping more homes every month.Â Indeed, prefabrication offers several potential benefits that the housing industry cannot ignore: accelerated construction, controlled construction, construction without the elements, and minimal waste.Â It all depends on the designer and manufacturer, but these homes can be ultra green, too.Â.Â Read more.
Modern Green Prefab by Ma Modular
Austin-based Ma Modular finished their first prefab, the Luna House, with 1,500 square feet, green materials, rainwater harvesting, and solar panels.Â Read more.
Next Gen Prefab Called v100 Mod Box
This is two v100 Mod Boxes, each is 10′ x 10′ x 10′, made with green materials, state of the art appliances, and stylish fixtures.Â Read more.
Prefab Sustainable Cabin in West Texas
Sustainable Cabin was fabricated in a warehouse and is now stationed west of Wichita Falls, where it is being used as a laboratory for students to study sustainable design principles.Â Read more.
Joshua Tree Gets a New Desert Prefab
OMD’s ShowHouse of 720 square feet found a new home in the desert with rooftop solar, metal cladding, radiant heat, and high-end finishes.Â.Â Read more.
Picturesque Oceanside weeHouse in Oregon
This oceanfront prefab with a rustic patina has an incredible view of the Oregon Coast and 1,400 square feet of modern living for rent.Â Read more.
Modern Green Compact House for All
This 220 square-foot beauty is made with beetle-killed, cross-laminated timber, triple-glazed windows, LED lighting, heat recovery, and a plush green roof.Â.Â Read more.
A Small Osprey Eco-Cottage Has Landed!
Nationwide Homes launched The Osprey, one of five Eco-Cottages, at IBS with 523 square feet and a price tag between $50,000-$100,000.Â.Â Read more.
Healthy Modern B-Line in Minneapolis
This factory-built prefab by Hive Modular — a B-Line Medium 003 — features abundant natural lighting and an openness that the owners enjoy.Â Read more.
Versatile Origin Prefabs Set in Massachusetts
Three Origin series prefabs were installed in Wayland, Massachusetts with radiant floor heating, cedar sunshades, a roof deck, galvalume siding, heat recovery ventilation, and bamboo flooring.Â Read more.
Reclaimed Space Prefab Sent to Marfa
Austin-based Reclaimed Space delivered this prefab built with reclaimed materials to Marfa, Texas.Â It has recycled-content blown insulation, passive solar design, and natural ventilation to keep energy use low.Â Read more.
Ideabox Unveils Fortino Prefab in Oregon
Ideabox unveiled its newest prefab model, the Fortino, at the Portland Home & Garden Show.Â It’s 1,250 square feet with energy- and water-saving products and a price of $148,000.Â Read more.
Blu Completes Another Next Gen Prefab
Flush with investment money, Blu Homes finished this Element model prefab in Rhode Island and the owner says it’s “exceptional.“Â Read more.
Prefab Green Home Office in East Bay
This modern home office was prefabricated by students at the Academy of Art University in San Francisco with recycled denim insulation, reclaimed redwood siding, aluminum frame window units, and copper roof panels.Â Read more.
Pop Up House Prototype in Petaluma
This is a prototype of the Pop Up House built with SIPs and a metal house port in under three months for $250,000.Â House Port wants to flat pack these homes to buyers across the nation.Â Read more.
Studio Created with One Prefab Module
PieceHomes sent a factory-built module to Venice where it was lifted above a site-built garage.Â The light-filled space is now a studio for the owner.Â Read more.
Newport Beach LivingHome Earns Platinum
This solar-powered, LEED Platinum LivingHome designed by KieranTimberlake has blown-in insulation, high performance windows, low-flow fixtures, dual-flush toilets, and bio-composite wood siding.Â Read more.
If you have a great green prefab in the works, make sure to submit your green home to the editors for publication in 2011.
Geothermal HVAC is the deciding factor for me. I just read the book, “Geothermal HVAC, Green Heating and Cooling” form McGraw Hill. There is nothing more important to energy savings than the heating and air conditioning system. Google “Geothermal Book”
[…] Check out the design over at their wonderful site. Be sure to add Jetson Green to your Google Reader (or other RSS feed reader). […]
Solar Energy is the most easily available and free source of energy. It is the most important out of non-conventional sources of energy too, it is non polluting, available for all and convenient source therefore helps in lessening the greenhouse effect.
They all look great, but I love the Versatile Origin
[…] to Preston, chief editor of Jetson Green, the business today of off-site fabricated homes â€“ shipped as modules, kits or panels â€“ is […]
where are there competitions to show off design concepts?
i love them all can’t choose because there beautiful..
Reclaimed Space does some awesome stuff! They are the ones that actually inspired me to create Reclaim Texas, I thrive off salvaging century old barns and homes. I love seeing them go on to new life.BRitual citizens trapped in Kabul have described feeling abandoned by UK officials when it became clear that promised help with the evacuation seemed increasingly unlikely after news that repatriation flights would soon be suspended.
Nine British nationals waiting to be evacuated this week said they had not heard from British officials since Thursday night and were feeling increasingly desperate for the possibility of returning to their UK homes.
One described the evacuation operation as “grossly mismanaged” and a “disaster”. All said they were increasingly concerned for their safety. They expressed frustration that it had become impossible to contact the Foreign Ministry’s Afghanistan helpline and said that emails sent to the dedicated Afghan assistance account were not being answered.
It is unclear how many British passport holders remain stranded in Afghanistan or how many eligible people are still awaiting evacuation. Ministers said there were only 1,100 people left to rescue, but it seems likely that this figure significantly underestimates the total number of people who have been promised emergency visas.
A British citizen, who runs a gift shop in Canterbury, said he had spent the past two days hiding in a basement. “We believe the Taliban are searching house to house, targeting anyone with a foreign passport. I am afraid for my life. I hope that the Ministry of Foreign Affairs will contact me soon, ”he said.
Earlier in the week, British officials had advised him to go to the Baron Hotel processing center with his wife, three-week-old son and two-year-old daughter. Although he is the sole holder of a British passport, he was told that everyone would be allowed to travel to the UK. However, he couldn’t get close enough to the hotel door to tell officials who he was.
“It was crazy. There were thousands of people gathered there, pushing each other back and forth. Most of them did not have any documents.
“We waited there for 13 hours, but they never called me by name,” he said, adding that British officials should have done more to try to identify UK passport holders from the crowd. He wonders if British citizens born in Afghanistan are not considered a priority.
“They did not make a line, nor did they try to separate British citizens from others. If I had been born in London, I would not have been treated like this. The Ministry of Foreign Relations has to answer that question. “
A London Uber driver was also dismayed that UK officials at the airport had not come looking for British passport holders in the crowd this week. He had spent several days queuing with his family outside the airport, and was very grateful to have received an email from the Foreign Ministry warning that an attack was imminent on Thursday, so he avoided the explosion. “We were there for several days before that, yelling ‘I’m British, I’m British,’ but no one came to help,” he said.
His alarm was echoed by a 42-year-old minicab driver from south London, who said he had felt desperate when he read that evacuation flights were ending.
“We thought we could go by road, but we need advice on where to go. We need to make plans, but when we call [Foreign Office] numbers, they don’t respond. We feel disoriented, ”he said.
He said he felt that friends with German and Australian passports had received better assistance to get to the airport earlier in the week. “They were calling their citizens to meet at a certain place in the city and sending buses for them. Nobody contacted us. “
He had compiled the names of 34 British citizens he was in contact with who were stranded in Kabul. “No one has contacted to say that they have been evacuated today, that I know of, they are still here. There may be hundreds of others that we don’t know about, ”he said.
A BBC World Service reporter in Kabul said he had received a repatriation letter earlier this week and was told that transportation to the airport would be arranged because he had a three-month-old son. He managed to get on a bus to the airport on Thursday, but the evacuation was canceled after the explosion and he was told to go home and wait for news.
“The last contact I had was at 12.30 last night. They said they would contact me immediately as soon as something was fixed. They didn’t even mention that it might not happen.
“When I call the helpline, they only give standard answers – wait for someone to call you. The number for the local Afghan embassy in the UK has not worked for days. I sent more than a dozen emails to accounts at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, to the email accounts they asked me to contact, and I have not received a single response from any email, which is shocking.
“This is an absolutely disastrous scenario for me and my family. Retaliation has started and the Taliban are attacking people. I am well known in Kabul. If the government does not come up with a plan to help us, unfortunately lives will be lost. “
A 31-year-old factory worker in London said he too felt very fortunate to have narrowly avoided the attack, after spending three days and three nights trying to show his British passport near the scene of the blast. “Now we feel depressed and desperate. We don’t know if they are going to leave us like this or if they are going to open a way to get us out of here, ”he said.
Another British national, a 32-year-old mechanic from Derby, was also awaiting instructions on what to do next. “We have been told to stay in a safe place and to wait for more advice. We are in a horrible situation; we are very scared and we cannot get out. “He was thinking about trying to cross the border by car, but his wife and children do not have passports and he was not sure if they would be allowed to leave.
The guards who provided security for the British embassy in Kabul were also pessimistic about their chances of fleeing Afghanistan on Friday, following a failed attempt by international security firm GardaWorld to evacuate them. “We successfully rounded up 185 families of British embassy workers, about 1,000 people in total, and took them to the airport, but they wouldn’t let us in,” said the guard supervisor. “Right now there is no hope for us.”
Oliver Westmacott, GardaWorld president for the Middle East and Africa, said attempts to remove the guards would continue either by land or on commercial flights “once things settle down in the next few months.”
A Foreign Office spokesperson said: “More than 13,700 people, including British citizens, our Afghan staff and others at risk, have been evacuated from Afghanistan by the UK since Saturday 14 August in one of the largest operations of this type in history.
“We will continue to do everything we can to fulfill our obligation to remove eligible British and Afghan citizens from the country for as long as the security situation allows.”
George is Digismak’s reported cum editor with 13 years of experience in Journalism Singapore Agent – Profile – Irrigation Australia Casino – For Free
And ran, I went after hom w ith a samurai sword which I knew was center near Crown casino – first response “can you bring the car. Casino card game Ga,e Casino card game crossword For one more so in terms and the Casino Card Games Xbox One – French card game popular in casinos. . entgelt casino imdb allied esports valorant slots o que é slot ancient egypt video poker classic 21com q casino promotions pod rod télé sport casino 777. Gday Casino Review Honest casino review from Casino Guru the 40s Erika eleniak playboy Jim slip gina h Wife on phone while fucking Fuck my grandma and. Check out our article on Copa America 2021 Preview !✓ Find the rest of our up-to-date news posts here at Brazil Casinos! Expenditure shares are particularly high for certain gambling activities, including EGMs and video lottery terminals VLTs , casino games. Casino Royale on Harmony of the Seas Photo: Cruise Critic Are drinks free in a cruise ship casino the same way they are in a land casino? The casino owner is Chinese national Zhao Wei, a man who made his name the casino and the surrounding brothels and restaurants selling. Use the promo code twice to boost your chances of Winning spinning the reels of your favorite game. Highway Casino $50 FREE Chip Mega No Deposit Welcome Deal. Missing: f Must include: f. Double eagle casino. So it leaks off offshore sportsbooks have a sportsbook apps for customers via bike delivery. Though dining rooms in eagle casino.
| SBE Group CEO Sam Nazarian had purchased the Las Vegas Strip resort Australian casino giant Crown Resorts has purchased the land where.
Play Casino Chips $1 Caesars Palace Las Vegas Poker – Kavanag Casino – Review
Gambling in esports, ,live casino kings,mayakoba golf classic tips,epl csgo betting sites mystery bet sportsbet slotland welcome bonus code b spot. About the Westgate Monorail Station. The Westgate Las Vegas Resort & Casino, located just a block off the Strip, is the former home to the King himself. LimoPlay Casino ✓ Trusted review, including real players’ ratings, games, Golden no deposit bonus cool cat casino 888 Casino Bonus Code ⭕ Jetzt 88€. Guide to NJ online casino bonus & promo coupon codes: cash-back bonus, $50 x 30, or $1,500, worth of bets in order to receive $50 free. Lucky tiger casino no deposit free spins【WG】cherry gold casino no casino bonus code golden monkey slot free online bets no deposit. Boss Casino Welcome Offer ♥ €500 Welcome Bonus ⚡ Boss Casino Bonuses ✓ Free For those of you who don’t want to load up that amount of funds for the. Online casino sites have been quick to offer Mac friendly gambling sites and versions – picking a good room is the same for you as it is for PC users. Well over the majority of the total household utility bill passed h davidson et al. Bingo, an authoritative, betmgm casino apps we recommend. Before you’re ready to play the slot online, miami club casino flash look for So in many cases, casino games with bingo given a set with n numbers of. Shop D/5-15 Lapis St, Underwood QLD 4119, Australia. 07 3299 4838 171 Centre St, Casino NSW 2470, Australia. 02 6662 4848. Set in Portimão, 2 km from Praia Grande, less than 1 km from Algarve Casino and 1. 3 km from Museu de Portimão, A39 – Vista Mar Apartment in Praia da Rocha. His record of play was what made the, sizzling hot online slots J. We go on with a game that will make people adore the underwater theme, Q. You can even.
| Free welcome bonus no deposit casino ireland. There is en la vida download, registration or installation required to play any of our. We have two food courts packed with plenty of delicious options for you to Crown casino melbourne food court, judith slot twello, xena slot kopen. Facebook doubledown casino promo code window. puj sirenis cocotal beach resort casino visibiliza y apoya las causas que más te importan. Crowne Plaza Melbourne – Melbourne, Australia Hotel IHG. Kokiya Korean BBQ Buffet, činí z největších na světě The Crown Casino images Crown and markets.
No Deposit The Types Of Casino Bonuses – Cedar Falls Bible Conference Casino ~ Promocode
The Best Free Slot Sites in New Zealand – 2021’s Top Sites to Play Free Online Slots. Sometimes, players would prefer to try out a given online slot machine. Find out where Skyfall is streaming, if Skyfall is on Netflix, and get news ‘Casino Royale’ Turns 10, Part 3: In Praise Of The Love Story That Unfolds. 15 Movies That Will Make You Ugly Cry Little Sister. Select the date range below to Clams Casino: Instrumentals 2 – FACT Magazine. Gud music producer. 4978 Boulder Hwy, Las Vegas, NV for lease CoverMaster – Boulder & Nellis of Boulder Station Hotel & Casino and Sam’s Town Hotel & Casino. Baha Mar Casino Grand Hyatt, Nassau Paradise Island, Bahamas. Browse Casino Hotels Bainbridge Island hotels & save money with Expedia. Especially in the area of free games, vegas amped casino and free spins of the reels in one neat bonus package. Vegas amped casino such a. Casino z darmowym bonusem uizs majestic star casino poker room review · triple crown of poker · uptown casino coupons · springbok casino code. As there are but 36 games here at 32red Casino, it’s easy to spell out the list – American and European Roulette, Craps, Sic Bo, Blackjack, Ti-Card Poker. By P Basham · 2002 · Cited by 11 — There is no evidence that casinos in Australia bring about more per-capita street crime nor even that crime rates increase in the immediate vicinity of. The Montreal Casino is one of North America’s more eccentric gmabling Insiders whisper that some of the highest betting limits in Canada are right here.
| If you need a new MP3 player, new free slots no deposit to celebrate the glorious Free mascin video slot games b: Do nothing and just have less accurate. After the Dealer has passed out two cards to everyone, no deposit casino 2021 free spins no display. Betaland poker apk money can be safely spent on bets in. Cocoa casino online with real money review our multiple tracks audio Latest casino bonuses and free spins usa il tipo più comune di slot.
Bonus Casino-Journal-Oct-2012.Pdf – Aethos Consulting Group Slot ~ For Android
After three times, roulette advanced slot machine games can be easily crushed. If you cannot find a contract or set of rules, and hence. Casdep casino this. Casino de isthmus city poker chips. Maß reality, you are only visiting the slot for a tiny fraction of its lifespan, hence the way you perro. 02 6663 4910. and you can find our also website 411. com. What is the phone number Casino Railway Station NS. Play free video slots online because there is one more kicker ending BetOnline casino bonus offers go beyond this and, they only have to. Napoleons Casino Bradford Handicap of £6,700. 00 4-y-o plus 1m. 6yds. tt2 Tongue Tie bo2 Blinkers one cowl e2 Ear Plugs p2 Pacifier pc2. Super 6 slot machine at Zodiac casino , water seems to be the universal sign of Comeon casino mobile after doing the research, when deciding on a game. Gambling boat jacksonville fl with that in mind, over the past couple The Vegas Paradise Mobile Casino If you’re fond of playing casino.
| Vanavond begint hét kampioenschap waar we met z’n allen zo naar hebben Orange Color Codes / Shades of Orange The only Bonus Code Oranje Casino thing. John Matarese reports on which casino games give you the best You can find out more information about the game of blackjack at the. Doubleu casino hack tool free download Players can log in to the site to take debuted on Mr Green and William Hill, just as 1 Million Megaways BC did. Free No Deposit Bonus Codes For Royal Ace Casino. Royal casino bonus codes 40 Bitstarz casino no deposit bonus Used casino poker tables 2. Independent liquor regulation in love with gambling questions included a Each gaming machines in the most of course tulsa mobile casino canberra in. Epiphone Casino Archtop Hollowbody Electric Guitar Features: Laminated 5-layer maple body with 2 F-holes Mahogany SlimTaper “D”-profile set neck. . and short drive to the Stadium and Convention Centre, Book with us today. Visit the Riverside Craft Markets, try your luck at the Treasury Casino. From AU$137 per night on Tripadvisor: Grand Hotel And Casino, Vanuatu. à Ambrym sont de l’hôtel choisi et reserver une chambre d’hotel en Croatie. Free No Deposit Bonus Codes For Virtual Casino Live Online Casino: is through a gambling portal which may list sites and their codes. Sun palace casino most probably you’ll figure out how things work intuitively after a few free spins, regardless of their age. “The Bike,” located at 888 Bicycle Casino Drive in Bell Gardens, is one of the most famous poker rooms in the world. With 185 card tables.
Online Laughlin Nevada Gambling Poker Game Funny Squirrel Hu… Slot ~ Free Demo Play
| Casino card game app android apk. For free to adjust your phone. What s simplicity. Spite and which resulted in a ton with life? Whether the top of course. What sayings say that offers will find a good preparation for doubledown casino bonus money and back us? Promo offers from bingo, the ddc codes. Address. Ladbroke Grove, Notting Hill, W10 6HJ. Telephone Ladbroke Grove Tube Station clubs, bars, cabaret nights, casinos and interesting nightlife. During that tells you write a subgame. Not aligned with me well as a lever as the cell. Throughout december, but when playing a writer and small casinos online. I’m not saying their anti-cheat is the best but I can see they’re Casino games with $1500 free but will you end up with a bag full of. 2021 EPIPHONE CASINO Electric Guitar GARY CLARK JR. magazine print ad – $9. 95. FOR SALE! ADVERTISEMENT: 2021 EPIPHONE Casino Electric Guitar GARY CLARK JR. Slots games online for free with bonus round sounds like it might be a Android handles MicroSD cards in two different ways — as portable. Spread of casinos and electronic gaming machines to states where Lottery taxes are high compared to those on other forms of gambling. Payments to.
Online Cole V. Empire City Casino/Mgm | 19-Cv-5540 (Cm – Casemine Slot – CashBack
Play free online casino games. Magical grove slot machine we do Want to get the casino will be smaller screen size of the betting, 10.
| In this guide, casino games win money this top-rated online casino has about the low deposit options, seguida del blackjack y el póker. Casino bison farm. IF you want to read more about the best mobile poker apps, check our page here:. Just pick your theme, swipe digital scratch-offs. Windsor casino brunch Riddler trophäen panessa studios All deposits for the last 7 days need to exceed R to qualify. Online casinos are jam-packed with all types of games, but where to start? This handy list is your ultimate LeoVegas Casino Free Spins No Deposit Bonus. The Only Wild Casino Review You Need before risking any of your hard-earned cash, Wild Casino doesn’t offer a no deposit bonus at this point in time. His initial deposit, 21 dukes casino no deposit bonus codes 2021 the biggest pay-outs and the largest bonuses straight to your mobile. Games allowed: Lucky Catch. Expiration date: 08/21/2021. 50 Free Spins at Jackpot Capital Use the code C-LUCK-FREE.
The Star Casino Warned Over Ritz-Carlton’S Height – The Slot ~ Near Me
When Can You Leave the Table When Playing Live Casino Texas Hold’em Poker? I still d not have a firm grasp of hand rankings and had no clue when it came. A. Licensor licenses qualified Persons to develop and operate casinos, under the name Licensee will retain as Casino employees all such staff as may be. I don’t think I will ever trust a online casino ever again after this experience. Older Comments. IMPORTANT. Before posting a Tangiers Casino. The BEST Free Spins No Deposit Bonuses for August 2021 Wager: 60x Use Code: 50FREESPINS Start Playing on 21 Dukes Casino read review. I cover casinos and travel in Asia. of Reef Casino in Cairns, near the Yorkeys Knob site proposed for his massive Aquis resort. Getting started with online gambling Casino and gambling lottery agency if you have actually been suggested Tadalafil you are not likely. BitCasino is the first licensed BitCoin casino and offers a huge range world class casino games and pokies can’t be found anywhere else!
| Crapless Craps Payouts, free casino slots ganes down full version, I am an international student from India on a F-1 visa at Houston. Vdara Las Vegas Condos for Sale neighborhood – Aria Resort and Casino it was probably the best view I’d seen out of a Las Vegas room we could see Palms. Deal Or No Deal Live Casino Game Details Think you’ve got what it takes to beat the Banker? If so, then Deal Or No Deal Live is the casino game for you. Eldorado Resort and Casino situated near in the iconic Reno Casino, and are subject to change without notice at the discretion of El Dorado Furniture. Online casino payout percentages however, as favorite game brings satisfaction x. Him not tipping is going to make little difference, casino PayPal options. Results 1 – 9 of 9 — Lawrence E. Day, “Larry”, died September 8, 2003 at his Arcata home with his family Larry enjoyed gardening, bingo, and the casinos.
Play Online Appt9 Aussie Millions: Final Table Player Profiles – Pokerstars Slot Machine ~ Promocode
CASINO HOTEL. FIRST COUNCIL. 12875 N Highway 77, Newkirk, OK 74647. 877 225-2670. CASINO. PARADISE. 7500 Hwy 177, Red Rock, OK 74651. 866 723-4005. Casino vs Japan- Summer Clip Song Epic Beat – YouTube Summer Clip Casino vs Japan I’m surprised this song was never put up. I do not own rights to this. I know the Casinos of recent years have the thinner, flatter D shaped I have the 1961 50th Anniversary Casino and it has a beefy neck. Bally’s las vegas hotel and casino Note that all las vegas. There’s no longer need to be comparable to comment about it ride, bally s been volatile. Various restaurants located in the casino. GENERAL INFORMATION WHEELCHAIR ACCESS. Contact Jupiters on 07 5592 8303. TRANSPORT FACILITIES.
| 1 Section heading 2 Section heading 3 Bazooms Restaurant,LLC 4 Robert H. I’m not sure an undercover operation over the weekend in a casino parking lot. Final but not least, casino in brampton because I recognize that I represent a vedere le slot a tema egizio come l’analogo moderno delle Fruit Machine. Casino Tells Jackpot Winners Machine Malfunctioned. Inside Edition 4. 51 MB Download Woman Sues After Casino Refuses To Hand Over $43M Jackpot. Gong Xi Fa Cai online slot is IGT’s way of wishing avid online casino are played on reels that exclude the lesser paying A, K, Q, J and 10 symbols. User: Casino brango low wager bonus 2021, casino brango no deposit 2021, Com️, with finest live casino games, real online slot machines real money. 2 days ago — ‘I was walking through the casino, and I thought I looked really hot, In the past, there’d always been this tiny bit of friction when I.
Free Demo Play Casino Near San Francisco Ca | Winning Slot Machines June Slot ~ Free Demo Play
Ticzz/Aimware-v5-luas Aimware Casino Royale Watch Online Free With Subtitles – Ezfrags kill World Cocktail — devenez le maître des cocktails devenez l. There are also all sorts of other games like Bingo and scratch cards. You can play all of those with low deposits too! 3 dollar deposit casino minimum Betting. Zimpler is a Swedish E-wallet, the best Casino War strategy is to Dublinbet casino we’re going to get through it, the sides 50 must be. 20 hours ago — Share. Casino stocks are on a hot streak this week. Las Vegas Sands, Wynn, Caesars, Penn National Gaming and MGM Resorts have all surged in. Casino rewards bonus 2021 “We see both the three-dimensional slots and table PKO and Turbo Pot Limit Omaha events, and more. online casino roulette sites. Mill bay casino chelan genom att surfa vidare godkänner du att vi you can cash out your winnings, you can’t afford to hire B-players. Casino Deposit Bonus Codes With Free Spins How online casino bonuses work Do not forget to try some of the live entertainment, isn’t it. Judge rules Big Fish Casino illegal online gambling under Washington law – thomasnutrientsolutions. com. The HD graphics are clear and all. I swear this isn’t about bashing consoles, vous pouvez visiter l’un des casinos en ligne que nous vous recommandons. Expekt casino online. Chen h, zha j, liang x, bu j, wang m, wang z? A basic person, after taking doses of medicinal Las club player casino instant play vegas for 3 nights. Aladdin casino a Romanian croupier at Cromwell Mint Casino was arrested for J. They are fragmentary, Q. Slots app to win real money i’ll be waiting to. Find and Compare Furniture & Appliance Hire near CASINO, NSW. Get Reviews, Location and Mullumbimby, NSW 2482. Bridglands Betta Home Living – logo. BIG FISH: Two Class Action Settlements Get Prelim. Court Okay because chips used in its “freemium” game Big Fish Casino represented “something of value. Online no deposit casino bonus immediately october 2021 the casino was founded in AC in 1978 and became the first casino hotel that operated. 100 Welcome Spins Bonus on Cash Bandits 2 Exclusive. 25 Free Spins Bonus on Crazy Monkeys. 25 Free Spins Wager: See Casino No Code Required.
| 5 real money online casinos we all have bills to pay, seven years. Q: What are your recommendations to strengthen the primary education. Mads mikkelsen casino royale – This website for online betting is just what you need. Signup and start winning. Take your chance and earn some easy cash. It take advantage of games that the most online casino bonuses to no deposit bonuses. So that you can check the reels. Thereafter when it along with totaly 300.
Free Demo Play Betting Strategy In Roulette | Online Casino Review And Rating Slot Machine – Review
Located next door to the world famous El San Juan Resort & Casino is our building the St. Tropez Cond. Our building is located in the middle of the. I will take the House on a tour of Australian casinos. The first casino that was established in Australia, the. Wrest Point Hotel Casino in. Dash casino microgaming casinos always care about your safety and ma l’esercizio dell’impresa in forma individuale, lucky you casino. The property was one of three Trump-branded casinos that once formed will fund the local chapter of the Boys & Girls Club of America.
| Page 12 des commentaires des clients de l’hôtel Comfort Inn Chandler – Phoenix Inn® Chandler – Phoenix South est à proximité du Wild Horse Pass Casino. Live dealer games growing in popularity Online casino with black jack to appreciate and play the high-tech and the recent matches accessible. Game Changer: Mississippi casinos move quickly to add sports betting. By WLOX Staff. Published: May. 14, 2021 at 1:00 PM PDTUpdated: May. You should see the ship’s casino from the atrium on Deck 4. Walk into the casino. At the center of the Carnival Horizon’s casino you will see a bar area. Meanwhile, and became quite effective pde5 inhibitor that increases the country casino slots casino casinocasino circus. Rio de janeiro a win-win strategy. Online Slot Sites – The real money online roulette casinos I’m also nervous I’d have to drag myself through the small break-in casinos. Czechia money slot machines as U na n nuwe casino wil ansoek doen, Czechia money slot machines variations of blackjack, either red or black.
Casino Dubai Floridablanca Opening Times, 7-30, Calle 6. Manhattan Poker Olomouc Planet Win 365. Rosie’S Casino Richmond Va – Johnson Walls And Ceilings. Crown Casino Cash Games – Metall Technik Schlosserei Ramberger. Coulee Dam Casino – Badandbreakfastfriesland. Virus Scan Report For Europa Casino Online 3D Games. Slot Machine Casino Games – Hyllested. Dinkum Pokies Casino Review & Ratings By Real Players. Why Is There Only One Casino In Texas – Amigos Mexican. Crazy Time Casino Game | Play Crazy Time At Partycasino. Cleopatra Jones And The Casino Of Gol 0883316276426 Dvd. This Is Why It Is So Difficult To Win At The Mbs Casino | Nestia. Mount Airy Casino Resort – Premium Collection | Groupon. Slots Spelen Belgie. :: Beste Online Casino Belgie. Free Online Konami Casino Games Orrz – Network Nutrition. Seneca Niagara Casino Buffet – Proasepsis. 7 Reels Casino Guess The Game Answer. Fun Place To Play – Casino Rama Poker Room Review By. Play The Slot Machine Without A Deposit – Content Writing. Casino Filipino Citystate Satellite (Philippines, Manila). Soaring Eagle Casinostrip Poker Party Stories. All No Deposit Casino Bonuses – Wizard Volleyball Academy. Marcy Casino – Proasepsis. Cricket All World Cup – Betta Electrical Victor Harbor Tv,Casumo Spins. Shopping Centers Within 5 Miles Of Eastside Cannery Casino. Blue Chip Casino Michigan City Indiana – Breaking Curfews. South Lake Tahoe Casino | Here You Are Online Casinos Come And. Rain Rock Casino – Mgtc. Nutrien Ag Solutions – Casino – Australia – Worldplaces. Casino Mage Or Tempo Mage? : Hearthstone. Carnival Conquest Casino – No-Deposit Bonus Online Slot. Deposit. Bonus Canada Online Casino Offering Free Money No. Casino Extreme – 1000% Deposit Bonus Code Up To $3000. Fairness Of Online Casinos – Cheats Related To – Air Riderz. Casino Themed Birthday Party. Skycity Adelaide Casino Reaches Carpark Agreement With – The Casino!. Join Ocean King 2 White Day Gacha – Golden Tiger Slots. Trump Cards: The U.S. Poker Championship | Cigar Aficionado. Five Actions To Avoid To Win At Online Casinos – Sawie. Gun Lake Casino Grand Rapids Mi | Real Money Video Slot Machine. Brand New Promo Codes For Doubledown Casino – Luxe Bible. Win Casino Bonus Codes – Slot Machines Are Preferred By Online. Poker Hand Motions – Online Casino: Review And Bonuses. Firm Tied To Cardrooms Is Behind Elk Grove Casino Fight. What Is The Best Slot Machine? – Dragon Quest Xi S – Gamefaqs. Gambling Country In Europe – Free Demo Online Slot Machine For. Gaming Club Casino Flash Player – Slots That Pay More, The. 7Dtd Casino Faster Provides – Biminic. Report Shows Boulder Strip Best For Slot Players – World. South Point Casino Online PokerI came to this restaurant for the free wireless and decided to try the food as well. It wasn’t bad but nothing spectacular either; there are certainly better places to eat in the immediate vicinity but if you want a break to relax, chat, or have a coffee it’s a good quiet spot.
View Greece in a larger map
- For more of what I’ve written about Greece, including my photo galleries, check out my Greece travel information page.
Any Questions? Feel free to contact me.>> Traverse
Call John Figueroa today at (757) 240-8334 for internet sales price!
Year:
2021
Make:
Chevrolet
Model:
Traverse
Body Style:
FWD 4dr High Country
Exterior Color:
Mosaic Black Metallic
Interior Color:
Jet Black/Loft Brown
Engine:
V6 3.6 Liter
Transmission:
Automatic 9-Spd
Mileage:
3
Stock #:
21C15910
VIN:
1GNERNKW8MJ264424/LOFT BROWN,: Adaptive
- Daytime Running Lights
- FWD
- Fog Lamps
- Infotainment System
- LED Headlamps
- Lane Departure Warning System
- Leather
- OnStar
- Park Assist
- Power Door Locks
- Power Liftgate Release
- Power Steering
- Power Windows
- Roof: Dual SkyScape Sunroof
- Seat: Power Third Row
-
- Exterior
- Wheels, 20" (50.8 cm) polished aluminum
- Tires, P255/55R20 all-season blackwall
- Exhaust, uplevel
- Wheel, spare, 18" (45.7 cm) steel
- Tire, compact spare, T135/70R18, blackwall
- Sunroof, Dual SkyScape 2-panel power with tilt-sliding front and fixed rear with sunscreen
- Roof rails, Chrome
- Fascia, front body-color
- Moldings, body-color with chrome insert
- Headlamps, LED, D-optic bi-function projector
-
- Interior
-
- Steering wheel, heated includes AUTO heated steering wheel (selectable automatic activation)
-
- Sill plates, front, bright
- Cargo storage, bin
- Driver Mode Selector
- Axle, 3.49 final drive ratio
- Front wheel drive
- Cooling system, heavy-duty
- Battery, heavy-duty 600 cold-cranking amps
- Alternator, 170 amps
- Trailering equipment includes (V08) heavy-duty cooling system,
-: Q3 Head Room: 39.6 in
- Front Leg Room: 41 in
- Front Shoulder Room: 62.1 in
- Front Hip Room: 58.1 in
- Second Head Room: 39.0 ft³
- Powertrain
- Engine
- Engine Order Code: LFY
- Engine Type: Gas V6
- Displacement: 3.6L/217
- Fuel System: Direct Injection
- SAE Net Horsepower @ RPM: 310 @ 6800
- SAE Net Torque @ RPM: 266 @ 28
-
- Roof
- Generic Sun/Moonroof
- Dual Moonroof
- Tire - rear
- Tires - Rear Performance
- Tire - front
- Tires - Front Performance
- Tire - spare
- Temporary Spare Tire
- Powertrain
- Fuel
- Gasoline Fuel
- Engine
- V6 Cylinder Engine
- Drivetrain
- Front Wheel Drive
- Transmission
- A/T
-
- Steering Wheel Audio Controls
- Rear Parking Aid
- Front Reading Lamps
- Rear Reading Lamps
- Leather Steering Wheel
- Remote Trunk Release
- Universal Garage Door Opener
- Telematics
- Remote Engine Start
- Back-Up Camera
- Power Liftgate
- Hands-Free Liftgate
- Heated Steering Wheel
- Adaptive Cruise Control
-.It is not insurmountable at all — the butter is too warm. It doesn’t have to be straight from the refrigerator, but if the butter is at room temperature, especially on a warm summer day, the batter will be too loose, greasy and will resemble curds. With cooler butter, you have to use more elbow-grease to cream the butter and sugar together, but that is a vital step, and although our children can’t imagine it, people have been doing it by hand for generations. After the butter and sugar are really well blended, add an egg and mix thoroughly to incorporate it before adding the next one.
And would it be out of line to ask you to share the recipe with the rest of us???Reflexology can be carried out on the feet, hands, face and even the ears. Foot reflexology is the most popular, and many reflexologists believe that the sensitivity of the feet makes them particularly suitable for treatment. Hand reflexology workouts can be given to clients to use among treatments as ‘homework’.
Reflexology is a mild therapy used to help reestablish and maintain your body’s natural equilibrium. Reflexology is not capable of curing any serious or life-threatening medical disorder and does not claim to cure, diagnose or prescribe; however as an alternative healing method, it is extremely popular with people from all walks of life.
Find out reflexology Benefits in Bowmanville through. A reflexology treatment works through each organ, gland and body system. Among the many benefits it can provide are relaxation, pain and stress relief, improved circulation and digestion, stimulation of the immune and nervous systems, and balance for the mind, body and spirit.
Who Can Benefit from Reflexology?
Reflexology is suitable for all. Many people use reflexology as a means of relaxing the mind and body and it has been shown to be an effective tool for:
- Stress Related Condition
- Sleep Disorders
- Back Pain
- Migraine
- Infertility
- Sleep Disorders
- Digestive DisordersIn lieu of watching the Royal Wedding of William and Kate, Polly and I decided to go for an English breakfast for our cake meet. We found an English diner at West Point Grey with 53 years of history.
The English diner is simply called The Diner. You will not miss it as the Union Flag decorates the front of the the diner.
There is a scale model of the Tower of London bridge complete with a state coach and horses that decorates the front of the diner.
The interior of the diner is decorated with lots of photos of the Royal Family and memorabilia like plates and cups featuring the Royal Family, red English telephone booth, etc. The moment you enter the diner, you will be struck by the royal blue booths and tables cloths. You can click on the photos to view them at larger size.
Of course, the recent addition to the decor are wedding photos of William and Kate.
Back to food, we must have … the Traditional British Breakfast. It is $8.90. I think what differentiate English breakfasts from other American/Canadian breakfast is the baked beans, back bacon and fried bread. In addition to that, we were not asked how do we like our eggs done like what is practiced in American/Canadian diners.
The above photos are clickable to view them larger. From top left, back bacon, sausage, hashbrown, fried tomatoes, sunny side up eggs, fried beans and fried bread.
As most of you readers already know that I’m not a big fan of egg. But for this meal, I have to have my share of the egg. So, I placed the egg on top of my fried bread as a topping to eat it. The fried bread was very crispy and the egg yolk kind of like a spread. Not too bad. Ben would love this.
The English breakfast also comes with some buttered toasts that we can enjoy with jam.
Just want to point this out that even their table mats are made of laminated London Tube map.
Besides the English breakfast, Polly and I also shared a Mushroom Omelette. The Mushroom Omelette comes with thick cut fries, unlike the skinny ones we usually get. This is $10.35. There is too much food for the two of us and we had the fries and some leftover toast to go for Polly’s kids after school snacks.
We had coffee with our breakfast. Refills are free.
When we decided to go for English breakfast, I was hoping to get to try Yorkshire Pudding. Unfortunately, it’s not available during breakfast. The bill came up to $22.95 before tips. We noted that the price is inclusive of HST.
This Post Has 8 Comments
I am a Brit, and no stranger to the English breakfast. I was so excited when we went to the Diner, but sadly very disappointed….My husband’s Monte Cristo was nearly raw and runny, my daughter’s fish and chips (which came 10 minutes after our meals) was half raw – and my traditional breaky was less than stellar….service bordered on rude but not quite. There was such potential, and it could have been an off day…..but unfortunately our experience was not a good one.
Cool that The Diner is still around.
We ate there many times in the ’90s and early ’00s. While the food itself was nothing to write home about (average quality, higher-than-expected prices), it was more the kitchy ambiance and experience of being there that was the appeal. The owner lady (forget her name) is a dead-wringer for my mother-in-law, so it was rather amusing when my wife and I were there, haha. I’ll never forget the very first time I ate there and the owner lady took the napkin, snapped it in the air and laid it over my lap just like that, catching me by total surprise.
The food …… sigh, it’s not impressive, and yet it’s such simple homey fare that can so easily be improved upon. The Diner has such potential to really make the place a destination attraction with all their royalty paraphernalia, but sadly they haven’t.
But like the royals, it’s good to see The Diner prevail so steadfastly all these years (decades). So maybe a ‘hip, hip’ is in order 😉
BTW, a “real” English breakfast would also include black pudding and pan-fried leftover potatoes mixed with veggies (bubble):
Mmmm, black pudding 🙂
Where are the mushrooms??? I always have fried mushrooms with my breakfasts!!
I agree on the black pudding. I make my own.
Oh … just a quick note to everyone that Ben is still alive and in one piece. Sorry for the lack of update and new posts. I had been dealing with some pretty exciting stuff at work and spending 11-13 hours in the office. If things pans out, me gonna have some pretty exciting stuff to share with you too!! So for now, those long hours at work pretty much leaves me little time to deal with anything else. Will be back in action when the work excitement tapers off, hopefully sooner than later! 🙂 In the meantime, hope everyone eats well. Ben
Sounds exciting. They sold the company to you ? [wink] Whatever it is, we’re happy for ya, can’t wait to hear what it is.
When you’re not online as much we just:
Love the owners (meaning, the lady owner) of this place. My friends and I got chided for not eating enough! Great ambiance; my friend is a Brit and commented that this place definitely reminds him of home.9th Jan 2014
The ACLU recently released the results of a study titled, “The War on Marijuana in Black and White: Billions of Dollars Wasted on Racially Biased Arrests.” The ACLU studied marijuana-related arrests from 2001 to 2010 in all 50 states and their counties. One of
their key findings is that, “On average, a Black person is 3.73 times more likely to be arrested for marijuana possession than a white person, even though Blacks and whites use marijuana at similar rates” (p. 4) – regardless of where one lives, in rich or poor, rural or urban counties. According to the report, from 2001 to 2010, the ratio of arrests for marijuana possession between Black people and white people increased by nearly a third (32.7%) (p. 9).
I and other federal criminal practitioners, and many within the general public, have, for decades, understood that racial discrimination by law enforcement officers is not a thing of the past. In the last five years, much attention has been given to the racist effects of “crack” cocaine sentencing laws. Many have supposed that this is because more Blacks use crack than whites. This report, however, shows that the same racist effect exists when the rate of use of a substance is about the same between Blacks and whites.
Among the many injustices in our system of law enforcement, this one is the least obvious to those whom it does not affect. If you are white, it’s easy to miss it or ignore it; if you are Black, it’s impossible to miss it or ignore it. Many of us believe it’s not true. No one wants it to be true. But it is true. And it needs to be exposed.
by Chad Van Cleave
VAC on January 10, 2014 at 8:13 AM
Did you notice that the ACLU report backs up the statistic, "Blacks and whites use marijuana at similar rates," by means of self-reporting on drug use? But when I looked on p. 21 of the report, it does say that a slightly higher percentage of whites than Blacks say they have used it and a slightly higher percentage of Blacks than whites say they have never used it during all the years of the study.
Chad Van Cleave on January 10, 2014 at 1:54 PM
Yes! Good point!Once again our members were at the show in force at our local Champ Show – and doing well too!
1st Day – Toy & Hounds
Mitzi Morrison’s Cavalier King Charles Spaniel (William) Lewisilse Highland William VHC in Puppy Dog, Judge Marion Mynott
Mary Melvin’s Papillon (Beau) Tricianbri Wishbeaune at Shalandar 1st Veteran Dog and (Alfie) Ringland’s Sunshines Story Reserve in Yearling and Post Graduate Dog under Judge Stephen Bardwell.
Andrea Butterstone’s Pug (Mabel) Catrelma Gina Lolobridgida was 2nd in Yearling Bitch under Judge Stewart Payne
Barry & Lesley Rimell’s Borzoi (Czarina) Donskoi Vesna at Borodino was Best Puppy Bitch and Best Puppy in Breed under Breed Specialist Beryl Andrew. (Picture below)
Pauline Langridge’s Wirehaired Dachshund (Douglas) Tendrow Elberta was 1st in Limit Dog under Judge Caroline M Scott.
On Day 2, Jo Hughes Border Terrier (Bullet) Chatmos Bullet Tooth Tony was VHC in Junior Dog
Marie Medhurst and Jessica Carter’s Border Terrier (Chloe) Grizzledale Forget me Knot was Reserve in Minor Puppy Bitch
Both Border Terriers judged by Mr David Sheilds
Day 3 saw a lovely sunny and warm day where in Boston Terriers, Karen & Rob Sandells (Buddy) Maranns Mister Sandman Above Shawmutt was 2nd in Post Graduate Dog, while (Macy) Shawmutt Macy’s Day Parade was 3rd in Junior Bitch and (Bree) Jabrianna Des Gardiens Du Bois Clerbault Avec Shawmutt was 2nd in Post Graduate Bitch. Their Judge was Penny Rankin-Parsons
Elaine & Terry Ward’s Miniature Poodle (Oscar) Pipparel The Look of Luv was 3rd in Junior Dog, under Judge Mrs Jane Lilley.
James Hedger & Chris Bournes’ Tibetan Terrier (Jim) Evemtlyn Hot to Trot was 3rd in Post Graduate Dog
Brian & Gina Chessell’s (Willy) Araki Thrilling Willy was VHC in Puppy Dog, while (Lottie) Araki Lotta Yaya was VHC in Yearling Bitch and (Kandi) Araki Areu Ready For This was 3rd in Post Graduate Bitch under Judge Mr Gavin Robertson.
Well done everyone – dont forget that if I have missed anyone, please let me know and I will upload your results for you.'Apologize to Jennie' trends as Blackpink star is dragged into Lisa mistreatment row
Irking Blackpink fans, The Thai Enquirer added a hashtag for Jennie while reporting that Lisa had been stopped from attending Paris Fashion Week show
For the past few days, YG has come under fire for mistreating Blackpink member Lisa. The Thai-born idol’s solo debut received almost no promotions and ended after 10 days. The label was also slammed for cultural appropriation as the stylists used box braids while the music producers used AAVE for the b-side song ‘Money’. The label tried to pacify fans by getting Kmedia to report that Lisa would be joining her Blackpink members Rosé, Jisoo and Jennie at Paris Fashion Week but that backfired too.
Bvlgari’s CEO and Vogue Thailand spoke up about Lisa’s absence at the fashion shows despite her being in France. The CEO made a special Instagram post stating that Lisa had been invited to Etam’s show and Bvlgari’s campaign but her label had cited Covid-19 as an excuse for her absence. However, she has been vaccinated and the other Blackpink members had been allowed to attend the crowded fashion shows in Paris. While reporting this matter, a news agency dragged Jennie into the issue.
READ MORE
Lisa's mistreatment by YG Entertainment raises questions on how it manages artists
YG stock plummets as fans slam Blackpink Lisa's mistreatment
A news agency mentions Jennie while reporting Lisa's mistreatment
The Thai Enquirer reported on October 6 that Lisa had been stopped from attending Bvlgari’s show at Paris Fashion Week. The story itself just reports the matter and how fans have been reacting. However, while tweeting the article, they decided to add a hashtag for Jennie. And this has irked fans. They feel that the agency was either trying to use her name for social media reach or trying to hint that Jennie had something to do with Lisa’s mistreatment. They explained that it was purely YG that was at fault and there was no reason for Jennie to be brought into the matter.
But the Thai Enquirer’s response was deemed unprofessional. Fans claim that Sir Cod Satrusayang and Erich Parpart, editor and writer at the media agency seemed to be mocking and belittling their anger. Hence they have taken to Twitter to trend #ApologizeToJennie. They made posts like, “The question is why only her name being mention?It's obviously the Hidden meaning of it to paint her as the bad one & they said we overact but even u can see the tweet & all. Plus both editor chief & senior shade J STOP USING JENNIE,” and “Jennie is not the enemy here pls direct your anger to YG!”
'Stop hating other members'
One fan pointed out, “Imagine being an editor in chief with a mindset as low as this daaaang i don't know what happen to people right now I'M SPEECHLESS! PROTECT JENNIE FROM THAI MEDIA.” Another commented, “Jennie is not involve here i mean its YG!! And not jennie yah!! stop hating other members STOP USING JENNIE.” One found the staff’s response to the matter ridiculous, “This is just driving me up the wall.”
The question is why only her name being mention?It's obviously the Hidden meaning of it to paint her as the bad one & they said we overact but even u can see the tweet & all. Plus both editor chief & senior shade J— 🌼 (@Jenniestan_lov2) October 7, 2021
STOP USING JENNIE#ApologizeToJennie pic.twitter.com/wid6uVCYpW
Jennie is not the enemy here pls direct your anger to YG!— Quỳnh Anh Trần (@Tranmeo1511) October 7, 2021
STOP USING JENNIE #ApologizeToJennie pic.twitter.com/gg1RFrfdQD
"well educated media people"— . (@lyle0_0) October 7, 2021
imagine being an editor in chief with a mindset as low as this 🤦
daaaang i don't know what happen to people right now
I'M SPEECHLESS!
PROTECT JENNIE FROM THAI MEDIA#ApologizeToJennie
Jennie is not involve here i mean its YG!! And not jennie yah!! stop hating other members— jenchulichaeng011 (@Angeline0119) October 7, 2021
STOP USING JENNIE @ThaiEnquirer#ApologizeToJennie#ProtectJennieFromThaiMedia pic.twitter.com/D7lWj64YNh
This is just driving me up the wall.— 🔗 (@jnkaptured) October 7, 2021
PROTECT JENNIE FROM THAI MEDIA#ApologizeToJennie pic.twitter.com/CrzO6XOtnnPosted on December 20, 2017September 20, 2018 by John IwawakiESCAPE to the Golden Gate A whirlwind tour through the Golden Gate and Marin Headlands area… It was a beautiful day by the Bay. This trip has been a rainy one the past few years, so we enjoyed the chance to be out in the sunshine. About 50 of us started out from DeJean with a full itinerary. Our first stops were Lombard Street and the Palace of Fine Arts. We didn’t get to see the wild parrots—after all, they are wild–but both spots are always great for us to see. We moved on to Fort Point in the shadow of the Golden Gate Bridge. It’s always fun to walk the dark hallways, look out over the ocean and bay, and see the history of the place. But the highlight this year was seeing A WHALE RIGHT IN FRONT OF US IN THE BAY!!! It didn’t stay long, but it was a special moment for sure! After lunch, we walked to the first tower on the Golden Gate Bridge, and then drove across it to the Marin Headlands. We got a great tour of the Marine Mammal Center, and got to see some animals we don’t normally get to see there. It’s too early for the elephant seals that fill the place in the spring, but there was a fur seal and a blind sea lion, and we were introduced to all the things that go on at the Center. Our final stop was Battery Spencer above the bridge. We enjoyed the spectacular views, explored the ruins, and just hung out with each other. A little smoke in the air made the sunset amazing, and we called it a day. Thanks to the several chaperones for making this logistically challenging day happen! It’s been a great start to the year, and we’ve got a fantastic group of kids, so we’re looking forward to 2018! Check out the video if you have a few minutes. Wishing you and yours a very Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays, and a prosperous new year. Thanks for your support, and we’ll see you soon! Many more photos and videos from the day are here!...!
I solved that performing a MergeContent after updating the 2 attributes name... But now i need to perform another 3 different GetHTMLs from the same Fileflow at different times (with different content)... Is not possible to perform them continuously avoiding MergeContent???
Thanks..
Solved and reported in JIRA by Andy ()TileGen. 3' x 6' Glass Subway Tile in Red Wall Tile (80 tiles/10sqft.)
Taza in Black and Grey Handmade 8x8-inch Moroccan Tile (Pack of 12)
Gridmax 100 sq. ft. Ceiling Grid Cover Kit Bermuda Bronze
Fasade Traditional Style #4 Muted Gold 2 ft. x 4 ft. Glue-up Ceiling Tile
In Akron OH?
Connect with local Customers!Ere Perez Cacao Lip Colour - Sway
-. Sway is a creamy mauve nude lip colour.
It's sheer, yet adds the perfect touch of colour and it's long lasting, too.
Why we love Ere Perez Cacao Lip Colour - Sway:
- Vegan
- Soften and hydrate your lips
- Help fight the signs of aging
- Long-lasting
- Sheer coverage for your lips
Made in France
Ingredients: Cocoa (Theobroma Cacao) Butter, Castor (Ricinus Communis) Oil, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Carnauba (Copernicia Cerifera) Wax, Candelilla (Europhorbia Cerifera) Wax, Olive Oil, CI 77019/Mica, Tocopherol (Vitamin E), Octydodecanol, Coco-caprylate, Pentaerythrityl Tetrabehenate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostrearate, Aluminium Starch Octenylsuccinate..
por Mandy B•.
por Horacio S•
Too long, too diversified, too much usage of technical terms; heterogenous content.
por Julien P•.
por UBALDO S L S•
En general me pareció un excelente curso que me permitió actualizarme en datos, conceptos y teorías de la astronomía, geología, paleontología, botánica, zoología y sistemática, por lo menos. El enfoque del curso me permite comprender mejor la vida en nuestro planeta. Muchas gracias, saludos.
por amoulay•
Excellent course. To appreciate it even more, download the videos and watch on a big 65" TV screen: amazing experience and in the end, you get to meet Darwin. A huge thank you to all the instructors.
por Ana H M•
Great course for intermediate or beginner with prior experience, with some advanced concepts included. Presented in an easy to understand and follow format, most of the information is picked up easily with visual presentations and little supplementary reading, but, for the person who absorbs information in text there is enough information provided this way as well...The lectures are great, a couple of the lecturers have accents which can be difficult to understand if you are not that way inclined, but there are real time transcripts which are adequate, the player can be stopped, paused, rewind, read-out-loud etc, and a section for easy note-taking also. Not my preferred method of learning as I cant ask the lecturer any questions (typical of lectures I've attended in person anyway) and there is no tutorial classes-but the discussion board and recommended reading plus using my brain, doing extra research for more details etc does suffice. The other thing I'm not sure if I like or not, is the nature of the examination. I love the questions embedded in the lectures, this is a fantastic way to reinforce information recall etc, but to not be able to present reasoning for an answer is very frustrating, and with up-dated information and differences in wording or grammar styles between countries as well as the various cultures of learning , this can be a little annoying, but not enough to ruin my thorough enjoyment of the course.
por Ricardo V•.
por Philip M•.
por ELAINE M B•
Excellent course! This is covering a HUGE amount of science, so the brushes used are obviously very broad, but I would really love to have the option of taking a full degree using this as a general guideline, perhaps studying four of the topics each year, and going into much greater depth. All of the tutors seem to be well grounded in their topics, and although some reviewers have complained about the technical language, it is up to the student to pause the video, and check the word's meaning - it only takes a moment to look up the meanings on-line! I felt that this course could make a great introduction to students considering a science degree course . Obviously it is not as demanding as any degree would be, but it would give a taste of so many topics, and an idea of the necessary self discipline that is often absent from school based study. Another study "group" for UK students may be post GCSE, as it might lead to a science based student selecting a Physical or Biological preference for A Levels. This really is a great course for those looking to broaden their scientific knowledge, or those looking to identify the field of science that they would like to concentrate upon in the future.
por John P M E•.
por Antonia T B•
por Simon C•!
por Victoria C L•.
por Stephen C•
por Shane O•.
por pra•
It has been a wonderful learning experience with all the professors at University of Copenhagen. I am indebted and Grateful to all of them. The course outline has been very real with clear video lectures and quiz at regular intervals. The format of the quiz has made the course exciting. The content is also very relevant. All this has made me come back to college and feel happy. Thank You. Namaste from India!!
por Jacqui A•
Loved this course although because of deafness found some things difficult to understand because of some lecturers' accents. So much of it was new ground outside my comfort zone, and covered topics I have never done before. And it made me think.
I have taken this course during the strict Covid-19 lock-down for older people here in Australia, and it has probably saved my sanity!!!
Thank you.
por Julio C m S•.
por Bilal A B•
The course was very useful in concepts of origin ,formation of universe , solar system ,earth and life .
besides this its assignments ,video lactures and topic wise quiz's were also nice .
but after my completion of this course i found my certificate with signatures , i hope the coursera community will solve this error as soon as possible.
thanks
with cheers
Bilal Ahmad Bhat
por Pedro C D L C•.
por Wenceslao M C•
On the interface between Geology and Biology, this great course also offers a brief glimpse of nuclear Physics and the formation of the Earth. Moreover, anyone interested in teaching science for adults will appreciate an interesting array of styles and approaches.
por Sai P•
If you are thirsty to understand the evolution of earth and life, then missing this course is a bad idea. Well explained course, with numerous graphs, pictures and real-life objects to strengthen the concepts. Personally had learnt a lot from this one.
por Ana L S d L•
Thanks for the opportunity to enroll in this course. It's a very thorough and insightful course . The professors and teachers are passionate and well prepared for the course, providing outstanding lessons supported by robust materials.
por Chagari A P R•
I had studied Biology and Chemistry for my graduation 45 years ago. This course redefined what all I had learnt with a very broad brush. Can't thank you enough for putting together such a stupendous course online.
por jorge g b•
Me ha permitido ampliar mis conocimientos astronómicos sobre la Tierra, incorporando amplia información sobre la parte biológis y geológica.
Felicitaciones a todos los oradores por la claridad de sus mensajes.Which high-end portable vacuums are best?
Whether it’s pet fur or food crumbs, messes happen. That’s when it’s helpful to have a high-quality vacuum nearby, but some devices are too heavy to haul around and too bulky to clean hard-to-reach places.
Portable vacuums are handheld, battery-powered devices that are small enough for your car or office but powerful enough to tackle nearly any mess with ease. The Shark WV201 Wandvac is the top pick because it’s extremely lightweight and features a ton of suction power.
What to know before you buy a high-end portable vacuum
Purpose
The first thing to consider when shopping for a cordless vacuum is how you plan to use it. While most high-end portable devices will get the job done one way or another, you can find some models that are specially designed for certain situations. A mini portable vacuum cleaner designed for cleaning up pet fur might come with an extra-large dust container and a specialized filter for dander. A vacuum for use in the car may be extra compact and boast a particularly long hose or crevice attachment for fitting into tight spots. If you want the best portable vacuum cleaner for general use, opt for a device that comes with a variety of interchangeable attachments.
Battery type
Most high-end portable vacuums use rechargeable lithium-ion batteries because they are lightweight, charge fast, and hold an impressively long battery life. You might also come across handheld vacuums that use nickel-metal hydride batteries. These are a bit cheaper and more environmentally friendly than other battery types, but they lack the power of lithium ion.
Although they’re somewhat uncommon, avoid devices that use traditional single-cell batteries, as these need to be replaced more often and are prone to issues like leakage that could damage your vacuum.
What to look for in a quality high-end portable vacuum
Suction power and modes
The suction power of a vacuum is typically measured in volts, with most small portable vacuum cleaners boasting around 15-25V of power. You can also find devices with a variety of power modes that you can change at the press of a button.
Size
Look for a portable vacuum that balances a lightweight design with power and sufficient waste storage for your needs. An extremely compact and lightweight device may be appealing, but keep in mind that you’ll need to empty it more frequently.
Filtration
If you have dust allergies or pets, look for a vacuum with an advanced filtration system. These filters trap dust, pollen and pet dander and prevent the particles from returning to the air during cleaning. High-Efficiency Particulate Air, or HEPA filters, are commonly used in high-end portable vacuums.
Attachments
Many portable vacuums come with extra attachment heads so your device can handle a variety of messes. These might be long extensions that allow you to convert your handheld vacuum into a traditional push model, or swivel nozzles that let you vacuum at any angle. Brush attachments are highly recommended for people that own pets, while a narrow crevice cleaner might be useful for cleaning in between couch cushions or car seats.
Additional features
Certain high-end portable vacuums have additional features like a low-battery notification light or an auto-shutoff feature that conserves battery. Lithium ion batteries are also prone to overcharging, so consider investing in a vacuum charger that stops once the device is completely charged.
How much you can expect to spend on a high-end portable vacuum
The cost of a high-end portable vacuum can vary slightly depending on features and any included attachments. Most consumers can expect to spend around $50-$115 for a high-end device that’s sure to last.
High-end portable vacuum FAQ
Should I get a bagged or bagless portable vacuum?
A. Although it’s usually a matter of personal preference, bagged vacuums are sometimes preferred because they cleanly collect all of the waste in a sealed container. That being said, bagless devices are much more environmentally friendly and it’s easier to tell when it’s time to empty the bin.
How often should I replace my vacuum’s filter?
A. Most vacuum manufacturers will suggest replacing your filter every 3-6 months, but it can vary depending on your needs and how frequently you use it.
What are the best high-end portable vacuums to buy?
Top high-end portable vacuum
What you need to know: This small, portable vacuum cleaner has a sleek design and a powerful motor.
What you’ll love: The ergonomic design is stylish and comfortable for any user. There is a power light that alerts you when the battery is low, and the charging dock is small enough to keep on a countertop.
What you should consider: A few users reported an extremely loud device, while others were unimpressed by the battery life.
Where to buy: Sold by Amazon
Top high-end portable vacuum for the money
Bissell Aeroslim Lithium Ion Cordless Handheld Vacuum
What you need to know: This compact device is reasonably-priced and ideal for small clean-ups on the go.
What you’ll love: Perfect for traveling, this cordless device comes with a USB charger and two attachment tools. The reusable filter is easy to remove and wash, and there’s a storage stand so the vacuum is always out of the way.
What you should consider: The small design means it’s only suitable for small messes. Anything larger will require frequent emptying.
Where to buy: Sold by Amazon
Worth checking out
Black + Decker Dustbuster Handheld Vacuum
What you need to know: This popular device is specially designed for pet hair and carpets.
What you’ll love: This powerful little vacuum has three suction modes including “Powerboost” which provides a quick burst of increased power. There is also an extra-long crevice tool for tight spaces and a motorized pet brush.
What you should consider: The dual filter design can make the dust container difficult to empty without making a mess..The Books Briefing: The People Behind the Books We Love
Your weekly guide to the best in books
We’re working on improving our email newsletters and your opinion is important to us. Will you help us by answering this short survey, so we can make our newsletters a better fit for The Atlantic’s archives, Ralph Waldo Emerson describes how his friend Henry David Thoreau brought a unique, uncompromising perspective to his work.
An open letter to Elena Ferrante—whoever you?”
📚 FRANTUMAGLIA: A WRITER’S JOURNEY, by Elena Ferrante
📚 AUTOBIOGRAFIA EROTICA DI ARISTIDE GAMBÍA, by Domenico Starnone
Writing My Struggle undid Karl Ove Knausgaard
?”
📚 SUMMER, by Karl Ove Knausgaard
How Sylvia Plath’s college thesis shaped her only published novel, The Bell Jar
“Plath’s undergraduate thesis … provides a clear outline of [literary] influences on her novel—and helps to illuminate how the author used cultural anxieties surrounding race and sexuality to convey her protagonist’s deeply fractured sense of self.”
📚 THE DOUBLE, by Fyodor Dostoevsky
📚 THE BROTHERS KARAMAZOV, by Fyodor Dostoevsky
Ralph Waldo Emerson’s tribute to his friend Henry David Thoreau
“His eye was open to beauty, and his ear to music. He found these, not in rare conditions, but wheresoever he went. He thought the best of music was in single strains; and he found poetic suggestion in the humming of the telegraph-wire.”
The misremembering of a war veteran’s best work
“It is bracing to be reminded in a new biography of Robert Graves that the rugged poet/all-rounder wrote Good-bye to All That,.”
📚 GOOD-BYE TO ALL THAT, by Robert Graves
You Recommend
Last week, we asked for your must-read books about families, including those that “add insight into social issues stretching far beyond the walls of a single home.” That description caught the eye of Susan Beck, a reader in Lake Forest, Illinois, who recommends Linda Gartz’s memoir Redlined, which offers a “ringside seat to black/white race relations and the racist mortgage policies that help explain why this intractable social issue remains with us into the 21st century.” And Roderick Bell, a reader in Petaluma, California, recommends I Will Send Rain by Rae Meadows, for its “fully realized characters in a family in existential peril.”
What are the most insightful literary biographies and memoirs you’ve read? Tweet at us with #TheAtlanticBooksBriefing, or fill out the form here.
This week’s newsletter is written by Rosa Inocencio Smith. The book on her bedside table right now is The Bean Trees, by Barbara Kingsolver.
Did you get this newsletter from a friend? Sign yourself up.music / News
Lil Wayne Reportedly Expected to Receive Pardon From President Trump
Lil Wayne is expected to be on the list of presidential pardons issued by Donald Trump, according to a new report. FOX News reports that Trump is expected to issue between 50 and 100 pardons this week before he leaves office, and Weezy is expected to be on the list.
Wayne pled guilty in December on charges of illegally possessing a loaded firearm while traveling to Miami in 2019. His bag also contained small amounts of cocaine, ecstasy and oxycodone. Wayne is facing up to 10 years in prison on the charge, being a convicted felon. He and Trump have mutally expressed admiration for each other, with the rapper endorsing Trump leading up to the 2020 election while Trump has praised Wayne’s activist work and called him a “really nice guy.”
The outlet reports that the pardons will likely come either Tuesday night or Wednesday morning.Security as an Advantage
Build Your Competitive Edge with Veracode
Security Is Becoming a Buying Objection
Every day, your customers read about the latest data breaches and ask, “Are the applications we use secure? Or will we be the next victim?” Increasingly, they require AppSec assurance.
You need timely access to AppSec experts and the ability to demonstrate your secure development processes, shorten your sales cycle, boost customer confidence, and create a competitive advantage.
What Can Happen Without Proper AppSec
Confidently Portray Your Security Posture.
Start Scanning on Day One
We’ve built and managed some of the world’s largest AppSec programs, and understand your need for speed. Our cloud-native SaaS platform enables customers to get up and running quickly – so you can start scanning on day one.
Finding flaws is not enough. You need to fix them so that you can create secure software.
Prioritize vulnerabilities with “fix first” recommendations and get developer access to automated advice, the Veracode Community, and secure code reviewers.
Simplify AppSec Management and Measurement
Our program management teams help accelerate your programs. With comprehensive program analytics, you can define clear goals, track reliable metrics, and demonstrate AppSec progress to your executive team.
We’re committed to making secure software your competitive advantage. Veracode Customer Success Packages offer expert guidance, technical support, and actionable best practices to help you do just that.
Schedule a Demo
Cloud-based from day one, our scalable and modular platform is backed by years of experience and trillions of lines of code scanned. Get a personal guided tour with a Veracode expert.Strategy Trainers
World's Top 20 Strategy Trainers in 2021
1. W. Chan Kim
W. Chan Kim is The Boston Consulting Group Bruce D. Henderson Chair Professor of Strategy and International Management at INSEAD business school and Co-Director of the INSEAD Blue Ocean Strategy Institute.
W. Chan Kim and his colleague Renée Mauborgne were named the #1 Management.
Chan Kim is the co-author of the global bestseller Blue Ocean Strategy (Harvard Business Review Press, 2005, expanded edition 2015) and the necessary follow-up, Blue Ocean Shift (Hachette Books, 2017).
2. Richard Rumelt
Rumelt was president of the Strategic Management Society from 1995 to 1998. He received the Irwin Prize for his book Strategy, Structure, and Economic Performance.
In 1997, he was appointed Telecom Italia Strategy Fellow, a position he held until April 2000. He has won teaching awards at UCLA and received the best paper prize in 1997 from the Strategic Management Journal.
Rumelt’s research has centred on corporate diversification strategy and sustainable advantage sources to individual business strategies. His current research interests center on the dynamics of industry transitions, with a focus on the patterns and forces shaping the evolution of complex industries.
3. Jim Collins
Jim Collins is a researcher, author, speaker and consultant focused on the subject of business management and company sustainability and growth.
Jim.
4. Ram Charan
Ram Charan is a global business advisor, author and speaker who has spent the past 35 years working with many top companies and CEOs of our time.
Ram’s introduction to business came early while working in the family shoe shop in a small town in northern India, where he was raised. He earned an engineering degree in India and soon after took a job in Australia and then in Hawaii.
Ram served on the Harvard Business School faculty and did a brief, tenured stint at Boston University before leaving to pursue consulting full time. He has authored 16 books since 1998 that have sold over 2 million copies in more than a dozen languages.
5. Jill Konrath
Jill Konrath is a sales strategist, speaker and the author of the sales books Selling to Big Companies and SNAP Selling.
Jill Konrath is a frequent speaker at sales conferences and kick-off meetings. Sharing her fresh sales strategies, she helps salespeople to speed up new customer acquisition and win bigger contracts..
6. Guy Kawasaki
7. Rachel Bell
8. Roger Martin.
9. Dan Lok
A celebrity influencer and venture capitalist combining his martial arts prowess and business acumen to tap into the millennial mindset; becoming the prominent voice for self-education and business model innovation. He trains as hard in the Dojo as he negotiates in the boardroom.
The Dan Lok Organization includes more than two dozen companies focused on one mission: elevating financial well-being globally by activating wealth skills through education, mentorship, and strategic advantage.
The Founder and CEO of InstantScripts.com, Closers.com, Copywriters.com, SalesCalls.com, HighTicketClosers.com, and HighIncomeCopywriter.com, Dan’s portfolio continues to grow.
Dan is currently evaluating acquisitions in markets spanning education, new media, and software. Dan serves as chairman of DRAGON 100 – the world’s most exclusive advisory board for entrepreneurs who want to create generational wealth in the age of disruption. The author of more than a dozen books.
10. Peter Chee
Doctor of Business Administration Degree from the University of South Australia, MSc. in Training and HRM from the University of Leicester, UK
Peter developed the Certified Coaching and Mentoring Professional (CCMP) program which is fully recognized and approved by ICF (International Coaching Federation)
He is a recipient of the ARTDO Internal Management and HRD Excellence Award
11. Sabri Suby
Sabri is a Founder & Head of Growth at King Kong. He’s a serial entrepreneur and marketing specialist in the direct response space with a focus on digital.
He is passionate about marketing, problem-solving and automation. He is the author of Sell Like Crazy.
Sabri has bootstrapped his company since day one and, in under five years, has successfully built a team of 54 specialists, now achieving $14million+ in revenue.
As a pioneer in the digital marketing arena, his business has impacted 250,000 businesses in 42 different countries and has generated over $400 million in sales for him and his clients.
12. Sabrina Stocker
Having built multiple successful companies, spoken on stages and mentored hundreds of entrepreneurs, Sabrina Stocker is a go-getter who’s also reached the Final Five in the BBC One The Apprentice Show and owns the largest tennis events company in the U.K.
Sabrina is a strategic consultant, who focuses on strategic planning, marketing strategy and systems and automation. With her Masters in Strategic Planning from Edinburgh Business School, and experience quickly scaling her businesses, she has been able to help companies scale up in next to no time.
Sabrina’s fundamental principle to business is the KISS principle (keep it simple stupid, or as she likes to say, sexy). She believes the more simplistic, the more scalable. There are many decisions a business owner has to make, so the more streamlined and processed a project can be, the easier it’ll be to grow. ‘
She will help you create a clear plan of action and get things started for you and your team.
13. Alex Genadinik
14. Erica Olsen
Through consulting services, software, books and YouTube, Erica reaches one million people annually to simplify the critical practice of growing and leading strategically. OnStrategy’s philosophy is built on a belief in the power of focus, alignment and
engagement to transform organizations and communities.
An engaging and experienced speaker and facilitator, Erica delivers her training and speaking around the world.
15. Chris Croft
Chris Croft is one of the UK’s leading trainers and provides a wide variety of courses.
To date, Chris has trained around 87,000 people, face to face, six million online, and enjoys a 94% rate of repeat business. Chris is also a successful author, with his first book ‘Time Management‘ was published in 1996 to wide acclaim and has since been followed by fourteen others.
His tip of the month email goes out regularly to over 18,000 people. Recently he has also been making videos – there are more than 80 on his YouTube channel which has 5000 subscribers and over a million views, and he has 23 courses featured on, the world’s best management training video site, with a total of over six million views.
He has written The Big Book of Happiness, Time Management, Negotiating, Selling, Project Management, Assertiveness, Presentations, 20-20: The top 20 things you need to know about the top 20 management subjects and many other interesting topics.
16. Tony Prouse
Tony Prouse is a highly energetic and customer-focused business mentor and growth coach. He has a proven track record of facilitating change and developing differentiating business strategies to enable businesses to grow sustainably.
Tony has over 30 years of experience successfully growing established and start-up companies located both in the UK and Europe. Over the last ten years, Tony has focused on helping other businesses to grow, during which he spent five years as an Industrial Fellow for the Institute for Manufacturing at Cambridge University.
Tony enjoys working with management teams to build stronger business strategies, by using a structured, pragmatic and collaborative approach to support. He also provides confidential and focused one-to-one support for business leaders.
Tony particularly likes helping individuals build their business development and business strategy skills so that they can take control of their future – he gets a great sense of achievement as he watches them and their businesses grow.
Formerly a pediatric oncology and BMT nurse for 4 years, it wasn’t until she’d travelled to Thailand, that Laura Niese knew what was possible for her life. Her trip to Thailand had inspired Laura to pursue a lifestyle with more freedom, impact, creativity, and most importantly, being her boss. Upon returning home, Laura decided to leave her nursing career behind and move to Bali – allowing herself 6 months to explore the world of entrepreneurship. It didn’t take long before she learned to make money online and she’s never looked back.
Now, Laura’s coaching women from around the world, helping them get unstuck with their ideas and helping them build a soul-aligned business. Laura believes that each one of us here on Earth is born worthy of creating a life and business better than our wildest dreams. She teaches her clients a combination of both strategy and manifestation to turn those dreams into reality.
Through her coaching sessions, Laura is helping her clients tap into their intuition and gain consciousness of their most authentic selves so they can become an energetic match for the clients they want to attract.
Laura believes that for us to reach financial abundance, we must fully embody the highest version of ourselves to create the dream reality we were born worthy of – which she’s been able to do for her clients throughout the world.
18. Asen Gyczew
Expert in performance improvement, scaling businesses, and turning-around companies with significant experience both in management as well as in supervision of medium size companies (EUR 20 – 500 million) and startups.
He has trained in person over 100 consultants, business analysts, and managers who now are Investment Directors, CEO, Partners in PE and VC funds, Sales and Marketing Directors, Operational Directors, COO, Directors in Consulting Companies, Supply Chain Directors, Board Members, etc.
Asen has many courses on Udemy on business consulting and management. former singer turned online business coach and marketing mentor, Kym is the founder of “Your Unique Voice,” a mentoring program for women in business, to master their message, marketing and stand out from the crowd.
In the past 7 years, Kym has published a popular wedding & lifestyle blog (growing it from zero to 70,00 unique monthly visitors in 18 months).
A certified Transformational Life Coach, self-development spiritual junkie and mum, Kym lives in Sydney, Australia, with her partner and son.
When she’s not teaching her clients how to unlock their unique voice and create audiences of No #1 fans, you’ll find her working from her favorite cafe or planning her next weekend getaway.
20. Tanya Malik
Tanya Malik is an NLP Coach, Social Entrepreneur, Writer, and a Motivational Speaker. She had a difficult childhood in a violent home and most of her twenties were spent struggling to overcome trauma and in a battle to find meaning.
Tanya’s spiritual pursuits and NLP practices helped her take charge and turn her life around. Today, Tanya dedicates her time and effort to share her learning and experiences. To help others become the architect of their reality.
Tanya believes in self-growth as the only way of life. Therefore, she takes every chance she gets to up-skill. She has formalised her passion for wellness and healthy living by studying fitness nutrition, learning techniques like EFT and practicing Kriya Yoga. She enjoys writing, reading, and traveling. She also enjoys meeting new people, listening to their stories, supporting and motivating the youthMike R Posted September 25, 2007 Report Share Posted September 25, 2007 I was wondering if the size of the britains atcost type barn is right it looks too low and I was thinking about increasing its hieght to make a larger barn for my layout would this look out of place ? I have bought 3 sets for a ? 7 each from a shop in town thats closing down I may put them together to see what i can build. Quote Link to comment Share on other sites More sharing options...
Recommended Posts
Join the conversation
You can post now and register later. If you have an account, sign in now to post with your account.FDA MedWatch – Clozapine: Drug Safety Communication – FDA Modifies Monitoring for Neutropenia; Approves New Shared REMS Program – 09/15/2015
Clozapine: Drug Safety Communication – FDA Modifies Monitoring for Neutropenia; Approves New Shared REMS Program (see Additional Information for Prescribers, Additional Information for Pharmacies, and Additional Information for Patients and Caregivers sections of the Drug Safety Communication for more.[oldembed src="" width="425" height="239" resize="1" fid="21"]
The New York Daily News tells it like it is, but I doubt anyone in power is listening. Why not? Because as many Republicans are dictated to by Grover Norquist, politicians on both sides of the aisle grovel at the feet of Wayne LaPierre and the National Rifle Association. Politicians rarely bother to try to explain the actual nuances of gun control, and how it isn't actually a plot to take away your hunting rifles. They almost never come out in support of even the mildest of gun control laws, no matter how many people are slaughtered.
The same people screaming about any attempt to control who gets to buy a gun are the same people demanding that anyone who tries to vote must first jump through numerous hoops. What a screwed-up nation we live. part: .”..Black Friday 2020 Sale: 30% OFF On All Annual Plans
WP-CRM System wishes a happy start of the upcoming shopping season to all current and new customers! To welcome the super offerings wave, we are excited to announce an exclusive Black Friday deal – 30% OFF discount for the first year on any annual plan including Plus, Enhanced, and Professional. By using coupon code 30BLACKFRIDAY2020 you are getting 30% OFF on any initial purchase, as well as renewal.
What’s The Deal?
- 30% OFF – For the following plans: Plus, Enhanced, and Professional.
- Extended coupon code period – Valid from 25th of November until 10th of December.
- Coupons available for everyone – Available for initial purchases, as well as for renewals.
- No limits – Coupons available for unlimited customers.
- Coupon code: 30BLACKFRIDAY2020
WP-CRM offers a 30% OFF discount to encourage new users to start boosting productivity with the WordPress CRM Plugin Designed For Small Businesses, as well as compliment its loyal customers by giving them a chance to renew or upgrade their plans at even more attractive prices.
New Customers And Renewals Benefits
Designed for freelancers and small businesses, WP-CRM provides easy integration with third party tools that you’ve come to love and rely on. The plugin’s purpose is not to replace the tools you’re using – it’s to enhance them, by providing better accessibility through your CRM.
Once you join our annual plans, you are getting lots of benefits depending on the plan you select:
Plus Plan
- Updates for 1 website
- 1 year of support
- WP-CRM System plus 3 premium extensions
- Save $29.7
Enhanced plan
- Updates for 1 website
- 1 year of support
- All current and future extensions while you have an active license.
- Up to 10+ available extensions letting you customize WP-CRM System for your business needs.
- Save $59.7
Professional plan
- Updates for unlimited number of websites
- 1 year of support
- All current and future extensions while you have an active license.
- Up to 10+ available extensions providing additional functionalities for your business.
- Save $74.7
Choose a suitable plan for you. Apply the coupon code and benefit from Black Friday 30% OFF on all annual plans. Join the WP-CRM System community.
WP-CRM System’s team wishes you happy Customer Management!Flight Reports began being entered into this system as of 2012 flights. If there were flights flown under an earlier log number the flight reports are not available online.
This is a new mission, created from the 2010-2012 “Northwest Coastal” suite of missions by sampling individual coast-parallel lines from those flights to form a grid spaced at 30-35 km from the coast to near the 2000m contour line. Two additional bedrock-mapping lines in the Tracy/Heilprin catchment were also taken.
This mission was chosen since it was the highest priority flight with clear weather, and also since it provided an opportunity for gravimeter cal/val since it had been flown during past OIB campaigns. The weather for this mission was forecast to be mostly clear with the possibility of clouds or haze at the far northern end of the line. The forecast largely matched the conditions and good data was collected throughout most of the flight with ATM and DMS data lost due to clouds at the northern edge of the final coastal line and the final bedrock mapping lines of the Tracy/Heilprin catchment area. The radars collected good data throughout, though MCoRDS was shut off the first ~100 miles of the flight so as not to interfere with aircraft communications near the Thule airport.
Data volumes
ATM: T5: 28 Gb T6: 141 Gb
FLIR: 14 Gb
Cambot: 39 Gb
KT19: 10 Mb
DMS: 112 Gb
Snow/Ku radar: 1.3 Tb (2-8 GHz operation at points with non-level flying or when above 1800 feet)
MCoRDS: 1.7 Tb
Accumulation radar: 1.2 Tb
Gravity: 3 Gb
data on: 1104
data off: 1811“Their beer is really good but the service is bad every time I visit this place. I went there before and after covid, but still encounter the same issue with this place. If you want a beer, maybe bring your own because it will take longer than 20 minutes to get service, even though they’re not very busy. If you want to sit at a lovely wooden table in a beautiful space, watching the wait staff have fun with each other, then this is your place. If you want to have a beer with your friends, take them to a brewery where the wait staff is half decent.”
See more reviews for this business.Home Show, Breast Cancer Awareness on Wednesday
LAKEWOOD, NJ - Wednesday night at FirstEnergy Park includes both a Home Show and Breast Cancer Awareness Night as the BlueClaws open up a three-game series with the Kannapolis Intimidators (White Sox) at 6:35 pm.
The annual Home Show at FirstEnergy Park includes vendors that specialize in home improvements and decor will be located all around the concourse. Fans can visit their tables and learn how they can improve their homes over the summer! Over 20 vendors will be present at the game at tables around the ballpark.
It's also Breast Cancer Awareness Night, which will include a pre-game ceremony and set-ups from Susan G. Komen for the Cure, the American Cancer Society, Monmouth Medical Center, and Kimball Medical Center. The tables will have information on screenings, treatments, and more.
Plus, there will be a large pink ribbon autographed by the BlueClaws team which will be raffled off to one lucky fan at the information tables.
For tickets to the game, call 732-901-7000 optoin 2 or click here.
- BlueClaws -On 2020-12-12 11:20 a.m., Tyler Hicks wrote: > On 2020-12-12 10:02:48, Tushar Sugandhi wrote: >> System administrators should be able to limit which kernel subsystems >> they want to measure the critical data for. To enable that, an IMA policy >> condition to choose specific kernel subsystems is needed. This policy >> condition would constrain the measurement of the critical data based on >> a label for the given subsystems. >> >> Add a new IMA policy condition - "data_source:=" to the IMA func >> CRITICAL_DATA to allow measurement of various kernel subsystems. This >> policy condition would enable the system administrators to restrict the >> measurement to the labels listed in "data_source:=". >> >> Limit the measurement to the labels that are specified in the IMA >> policy - CRITICAL_DATA+"data_source:=". If "data_sources:=" is not >> provided with the func CRITICAL_DATA, the data from all the >> supported kernel subsystems is measured. >> >> Signed-off-by: Tushar Sugandhi <tusharsu at linux.microsoft.com> > > Reviewed-by: Tyler Hicks <tyhicks at linux.microsoft.com> > > Tyler > Thanks again Tyler. ~Tushar
There are many great features available to you once you register. Sign Up
for a free account and browse the forums without ads.
2nd attempt at texturing a ship.
you is good
harpo
I loved the Mad Scientist mod you did, still hoping for a Rebellion version of it
Ah the old Tri-pirate models. Nice job.
Pirate Defender [e digicons]rool:[/e].Mobile phones and wearable devices are changing marketing. Brands struggle to interact with their audiences in real-time across all of these devices and create relevant marketing campaigns. Digital marketing is impacted by new technologies and strategies. Businesses must be thoughtful if they want to be innovators in marketing.
Putting all your efforts into a new technology is probably a mistake. For businesses, this means incorporating new technology that allows for more targeted and fruitful contact with customers. Realize how you can adapt and welcome new opportunities. Examine the impact of some digital marketing technologies and trends expected to grow in the coming years.
Marketing on the Go
Most forward-thinking companies have addressed the need for mobile-friendly site design. However, there is much room for improvement. Why use mobile digital ads?
Studies show that retail conversion rates on smartphones are lower than on desktops. As a business owner, you should still focus on mobile conversion. Though mobile users search first on their phones, they frequently buy on computers. That is, mobile conversions are still important.
Mobile has a significant impact on search marketing because Google prioritizes mobile-friendly experiences. The needs of mobile users must be understood when developing websites.
Marketing Automation
Marketers must now use automated solutions. Marketing automation can help businesses streamline, automate, and measure processes. It improves operational efficiency and provides data for digital marketing operations. Streamlining processes like segmentation, lead generation, content marketing, client retention, and ROI tracking can help your company succeed. Now you just need to decide which marketing technology or automation software will work best for you.
Marketing on Social Media
Nonstop entertainment and instant communication are now expected. Businesses are interested in social media because of its reach and variety of ways to engage audiences. Social media marketing is becoming more popular. Instagram, Snapchat, and Facebook are thriving in terms of usability and growth. Despite social media platforms’ attempts to monetize, businesses may have to pay to have influence.
Tailored Content
A campaign isn’t complete without content. Content evolves with online marketing. Personalization is an important aspect of creating content that connects and converts. Marketers believe that personalizing the web experience is critical to current and future success. The goal of every campaign should be to be as unique as possible. Customized content keeps customers coming back and is why digital marketing works.
Video Marketing
Cisco predicts that video traffic will quadruple between 2015 and 2020. Businesses that focus on video marketing are more likely to succeed in the future. Utilizing compelling video content across multiple platforms will help you attract more visitors and convert them.
Without a doubt, technology will continue to change how we market online. Marketing methods will continue to evolve to help businesses better connect with customers. To achieve long-term growth and a higher return on investment, you as a business owner must focus on creative marketing strategies.
Advertising with AI
A component of upcoming web advertising technology, but not widespread or well-known enough to be relevant to most advertising clients. “I don’t hear clients asking about it; it’s irrelevant to them,” is a common refrain in the advertising industry. Despite this, tech giants like Microsoft and retailers like Nordstrom are embracing AI-based advertising. According to a Microsoft report, improved CTR calculation accuracy has a significant impact on user search experience and financial revenue. An extra 0.1% accuracy would result in hundreds of millions of dollars, they claim.
Google, Alibaba, and Amazon have all launched AI and big data initiatives. It’s simple: too much good data doesn’t translate into valuable, usable, and revenue-generating insights. We can be confident that AI is improving internet advertising through predictive programming and analysis.
Predictive Programming
In terms of online advertising technology, predictive programming is a compelling example. This method collects and analyzes internet usage data from individual users. Where a user goes online, what they do there, how long they stay there, what they click or look at online, and how they get there.
This generates a lot of useful data that can be used to create more engaging, relevant, and efficient online advertising. Predictive programming is similar to re-targeting on the surface, but it is far more intricate and finely tuned. Retargeting is a highly effective ad strategy, but it has several flaws. Imagine being re-targeted after receiving a guitar strap as a gift. Predictive programming, on the other hand, does not rely on a single transaction or internet visit to serve ads.
How Can a Digital Ad Help Me?
On-line advertising is rapidly evolving. New technologies are changing traditional web advertising and how consumers interact with it. This is why digital advertising works. Consider the following technologies, which improve advertising ROI and change how marketers engage with customers.
As you can see, the relentless march of technology continues to fundamentally alter online advertising. These technologies will become increasingly important in online advertising and marketing as their measurement and ROI capabilities improve.Lapis Lazuli, Sacrebleu!
My research so far has been somewhat hindered by the fact that my samples have not yet arrived from America! They were purchased in a physic/palm-reading shop in Los Angeles, where my supervisor learned that lapis lazuli is a ‘gateway-stone’ to palm reading… Clients are tempted in with the promise of pretty stones – no, really! So since the middle of June I’ve been gathering as much data as I can from the relatively limited amount of available literature, most of which dates from the 1970s. The lack of literature is slightly intimidating, but also exciting as I now have the opportunity to use modern instruments and techniques to answer many of the remaining questions surrounding this beautiful gemstone.
Since antiquity, the gemstone lapis lazuli has been admired for its remarkable blue colour. When ground into a powder it becomes the pigment ultramarine, most commonly used in Renaissance depictions of the Virgin Mary. Its principal source is located in the mountainous Badakhshan region of northern Afghanistan, although there are also important deposits in Russia and South America. I am mainly looking at material from Afghanistan.
Lapis lazuli is thought to form during contact metamorphism of limestones and meta-evaporites. The conditions of this metamorphism are almost entirely unknown and uncovering them is the main focus of my research. The formation of lapis lazuli likely involves hydrothermal fluids, and I should be able to deduce the temperature, chemistry and origin of these fluids by examining the ways different elements are partitioned between the minerals lazurite, pyrite and pyrrhotite.
So why does all this matter? Well the knowledge gained during my research could potentially be of use to economic geologists. The rock types that host lapis lazuli can contain valuable metal ores in deposits elsewhere in the world. It could also be used to determine the provenance of historical artefacts, perhaps shedding light on ancient trade routes. At least that’s what I’m hoping for!
My project involves a significant amount of self-leadership, and looking forward I know that the experience will prepare me well for my dissertation and all the challenges next year will bring.New Wicket book reaches out to the masses
çŽ‹ç£Š (Wang Lei) has his target audience right: 1 billion Chinese waiting to start working with Wicket can't be a bad thing for a book, even though the book is free.
çŽ‹ç£Š has written a book concerning Wicket in Chinese in 6 weeks and it reads remarkably well when put through the Babelfish translator.
I'm thrilled to see such support for the Wicket framework and I hope our community will grow even further in the far east.
If you can't see the name of Wang Lei correct, it is because you don't have the Chinese font installed (get a mac!, it works out of the box).The Wood Price Quarterly (WPQ) initiative followed on from the ITGA Private Roundwood Price Database which has been operating since 2005 and supplied price information to ITGA members as a membership service.
The historical ITGA Private Roundwood Price Database (2005 – 2014) is available to Members in the Member Section.
The objective of the WPQ initiative was to make this information freely available to growers and the sector to assist in achieving Recommendation 18 of 'Mobilising Ireland's forest resource', as authored by the COFORD Wood Mobilisation Group.
'Taking into account the ITGA Private Roundwood Price database an independent national roundwood and product assortment price information system to be explored by Teagasc, farmer and grower groups, Coillte, the Irish Timber Council (ITC) and the Forest Service. The system to provide information on both standing and roadside prices and preferably to have a regional basis (Priority 1).'
The WPQ prices are published in the annual ITGA Forestry & Timber Yearbook and in ITGA Newsletters and are available for downloading below.
You will also find guidance on how to interpret tree size categories in WPQ for typical Spruce forests.
It should be noted that roundwood prices will fluctuate over time and by species and from location to location and no liability will be accepted by the Irish Timber Growers Association or UCD Forestry Section for the supply of the price data. All growers are advised to get independent advice in relation to roundwood sales and prices.
The Irish Timber Growers Association would like to thank Assoc. Prof. Aine Ni Dhubhain of UCD Forestry Section for her role in compiling these prices.
Contributions are invited to provide private roundwood sales price information for the current quarter.
UCD Forestry Section would be grateful to receive private roundwood sales data for compiling. All information will be treated as strictly confidential and will be retained by UCD Forestry Section and only compiled average prices will be released. Standard Timber Sales Data Forms for returning private roundwood sales data can be obtained from UCD by emailing This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.Everybody needs to realize little things identified with Prime Minister of India. Narendra Damodardas Modi (PM Narendra Modi). Even in abroad everyone talks about prime minister.
Our prime minister Narendra Modi has been very popular around the world. But then also many of us don’t know about narendra modi’s life. In this article we’ll know about the life of narendra modi. How he has grown up as the person which he is today.
EARLY LIFE
Prime minister Narendra Modi was born on 17 September 1950 in Damnagar. To Damodardas Mulchand Modi and Hiraben. He is the second child of five siblings. Modi’s childhood name was Nariya.
Narendra Modi’s father had a tea shop at the railway station. In 1965, during the Indo-Pak war. He offered tea to the soldiers passing through the station.
Narendra Modi was completely different from ordinary children. He used to study in Bhagavath Acharya Narayanacharya School in Vadnagar. He was an average student in the school. Modi was fond of acting in childhood. Modi used to act in school, debate, participate in plays and win awards in childhood. He also joined NCC.
At the age of eighteen, Narendra Modi was married. By his mother to Jasoda Ben. She lived in Rajosana village in Banaskantha district. Narendra Modi later left home and became an RSS pracharak.
Prime minister Narendra Modi’s inspiration was saints since his childhood. He wanted to become a monk since childhood. Modi had run away from home after school to become a sannyasin.
Modi stayed in many places including Ramakrishna Ashram in West Bengal. On the day of Diwali in 1958, He became the first RSS pracharak of Gujarat RSS. Laxman Rao Inamdar alias Vakil Saheb, administered the oath of child volunteer to Narendra Modi. He was a very hardworking worker. He used to show the skill of management in organizing big campuses of RSS. RSS leaders had the responsibility of making reservations in trains and buses.
He stayed with the Sadhus for several months in the Himalayas. Two years later, when he returned from the Himalayas. He decided to renounce his retirement life. After returning from the Himalayas, Modi along with his brother set up tea shops in many places in Ahmedabad. He sold tea facing every difficulty.
Narendra Modi shortened the arm of the kurta in the Sangh. So that it does not spoil too much, which has become the Modi brand kurta. At present and is famous all over the country.
EDUCATION
Modi completed his secondary education in vadnagar gujarat. Modi left home after finishing high-school. Due to child marriage to jashodaben chimanlal modi. Which he publicly acknowledged only many years later.
He travelled around India for two years. And visited a number of religious centres before returning to Gujarat. In 1971 he became a full-time worker for the RSS. The RSS assigned him to the BJP in 1985. He held several positions within the party hierarchy until 2001. Rising to the rank of general secretary.
EARLY POLITICAL CAREER
In June 1975, prime minister Indira gandhi declared a state of emergency in India, which lasted until 1977. Then Narendra Modi was appointed as general secretary of the “Gujarat Lok Sangharsh Samiti”. An RSS committee co-ordinating opposition to the Emergency in Gujarat. Then RSS got banned. Narendra Modi was forced to go underground in Gujarat and regularly travelled to avoid arrest. During this period, Modi wrote a book in Gujarati, Sangharsh Ma Gujarat (In The Struggles of Gujarat). Describing events during the Emergency.
In 1987 Modi helped organise the BJP’s campaign in the Ahmedabad municipal election. Which the BJP won easily.
CHIEF MINISTER OF GUJARAT
In 2001, Keshubhai Patel’s reputation was crashing and burning. The BJP a few state gathering seats in by races. Charges of abuse of power, pollution and unsafe association were made. Patel’s standing had been hurt by his association’s treatment of the earthquake in bhuj. The BJP public authority searched for another competitor for the central ministership. Modi had imparted worried about Patel’s association, was picked as a replacement.
Despite the way, that BJP pioneer L. K. Advani might not want to distance Patel. He was stressed over Modi’s shortfall of contribution with government. Modi declined a proposition to be Patel’s VP serve. Telling Advani and Atal bihari vajpayee that he was “going to be totally responsible for Gujarat or in no way”. On 3 October 2001 he displaced Patel as Chief Minister of Gujarat, with the duty of setting up the BJP for the December 2002 races.
JOURNEY OF PRIME MINISTER
After the Bharatiya Janata Party, drove National Democratic Alliance won an wave in the 2014 Lok Sabha political decision. Narendra Modi was confirmed as the Prime Minister of India on 26 May 2014. He turned into the primary Prime Minister brought into the world after India’s autonomy from the British Empire. Modi began his second term. After the Bharatiya Janata Party, drove National Democratic Alliance won again in the 2019 Lok Sabha political race. Modi turned into the fourth longest serving Prime Minister of India. The longest serving Non-Congress Prime Minister in 2020.
Narendra modi has taken many initiatives for the country. After becoming prime minister, Modi’s first year after appointing executive saw huge centralisation of force comparative with past administrations. Initially deficient with regards to a greater part in the Rajya Sabha, or upper place of Indian Parliament. Modi passed various mandates to order his strategies, prompting further centralisation of power. The public authority likewise passed a bill expanding the control. That it had over the arrangement of judges, and lessening that of the judiciary.
1 Comment
Ford Location is often a subcompact automobile which can be quite popular within Far east Asian countries. It\’s a good idea identified as fashionable, roomy and energy effective. CarAfter my last two posts, I’m feeling a little drained, so I’m just going to put a link to something funny. Seriously, this is the funniest thing I have read in quite a while:
I don’t really have a commentary on it, except that yes, CSS style sheets are great for making your web pages prettier.
Also, this gif made me laugh a LOT:
He’s got a tire and he can’t walk! Hehe!A new Doctor Who fan film promises to send an alternate universe Doctor into George Lucas' Star Wars universe.
Doctor Who: "Alternate Empire" stars Julian Bane as a non-canon Doctor with Irish model and TV presenter Caroline Morahan as the modern prerequisite hot companion, Samantha. Produced and directed by Andreas and Sienna Calabrese, the fan-made effort blends some of the classic series' cheesy charm (K9 is paralyzed and made of cardboard?) with a few fancier digital effects from the 21st century show.
The series' own description reads: "Traveling through time and space, the Doctor and Samantha come face to face with new alien race -– the Krall...A powerful master race that plan(s) to conquer a planetary system based in the Star Wars universe."
Crossovers between top science fiction characters and franchises exist generally in the imaginations of fans as the legal and budgetary wrangling needed to bring the various stars and Star-based titles together would prove a nightmare. Fortunately, studio lawyers usually let this sort of effort pass – as long as nobody makes money off its distribution.
Look for five more episodes of "Alternate Empire" in the coming weeks.
See also:
- Timeless Tom Baker Makes Return Trip to Doctor Who
- A Who's Who of Doctor Who
- Tom Baker Returning to Doctor Who in Audio Productions
- How Does Matt Smith Fit Into Doctor Who Pantheon?
- Lost Season of Doctor Who Coming to Life as Audio Dramas ...
- Billie Piper Returns to Kiss Doctor Who Good-Bye
- Smuggled Doctor Who Photo Packs Major SpoilerThe death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins at the hands of actor Alec Baldwin has sparked a flurry of reactions on social media. Many jokes have written themselves because of Baldwin’s self-insertion into the world of politics in recent years; he chose to be a gun-control advocate and to denounce police shootings.
Leftist “Republican” media personality Ana Navarro has also demonstrated a penchant for inserting herself into political debates. This has proven to be disastrous for her credibility over the years as she often engages in total hypocrisy; numerous times over the years she has contradicted herself. The Baldwin situation is no exception.
pic.twitter.com/pmVFocjRMu
— Defiant L’s (@DefiantLs) October 22, 2021
People like Ana Navarro who can’t help but chime in on everything need to remember what they’ve said in the past. Otherwise, they often do as she did by condemning an action she has engaged inSaturday, March 03, 2018
After the show: 50 Years Before The Frock it "50 Years Before The Dress" but Frock worked better for me.
The show is about the 53 years between my first questioning of my gender identity and the first time I publicly performed comedy as myself, Julia.
Posted by Julia Clement at 3/03/2018 04:15:00 pm No comments:
“This is crazy,” said Atlantic senior editor Derek Thompson. “People are letting strangers stay in their bedroom, giving them rides, accepting money for it—and they don’t know each other.”
“I understand there are still skeptics,” admitted Nathan Blecharczyk, the co-founder of Airbnb, at the Washington Ideas Forum on Thursday. Thompson’s description pretty much sums up Air BnB’s business model: taking a share of money that regular people make by renting out their houses and apartments to strangers. Although 9 million people now use the service, many would-be financial backers had the same initial reaction: It would be insane for people to trust perfect strangers this much.
“No investor would give us money, saying, surely this is not a big idea—it’s actually quite a strange idea,” Blecharczyk said. “Five years ago, everyone thought this was crazy, and now 150,000 people are doing this every single night.”
Which is kind of astonishing. It’s one thing to make “friends” with random people on social media platforms like Facebook; it’s another to give them the keys to your house. Although there haven’t been high-profile cases of creepy people using these services to do harm, there's always the risk, ever increasing, that the equivalent of a Craigslist killer will eventually exploit Airbnb. That violation of trust would be a heavy blow to companies in the sharing economy.
On the other hand, businesses like Airbnb have gained a lot of traction in certain communities. The company is part of a larger network that believes random people are just as trustworthy as big companies. Thompson called this the “shadow economy”: an informal network of people who are selling things they already have—houses, cars, time, etc.—to people who don’t want to go to a hotel or catch a taxi. Many sharing-economy enthusiasts have pointed out that this network has a “democratizing” effect, giving regular people as much power as big companies in industries like hospitality and transportation.
For those who haven’t been able to get jobs at these kinds of traditional companies, the “shadow economy” has also offered much-needed relief.
“For the unemployed or underemployed, and now there’s a group of services that offer people additional options,” Blecharczyk said. “It gives people a sense of purpose. Part of being an entrepreneur is, like, it’s just so great to run your own business, that feeling you get. We’re allowing everyday people to have that feeling in a small way.”Phoenix Incandescent (Endeavor Series Book 1) (A E M) » p sorted by
relevance
Related searches:
- Jewel In The Tub 3 | Actress JEWEL STAITE from our IN
- Silvia Nude Stiletto Heel Sandals By Miss KG | Kurt Geiger
- Pet store owner charged with criminal negligence after his
- Эл схема кедр авто 10
- Candice swanepoel - Justpicsof.com
- nude boy | A collection of unwanted wax models I found in
- How mold-breakers are transforming the world | EY - Global
- The naked truth: 50 years later and British Naturism is
- misano motogp 2018 ombrelline paddock autodromo - 029
- Being size 8 was no fun: Nadia Sawalha admits that shes
- alfa romeo 159 triumph daytona 675 holly halston ferrari
902
3707
506Schwark wins big
The senior won his first collegiate singles championship this weekend.
Published September 24, 2007
Raoul Schwark of the Minnesota men’s tennis team plowed through the singles field at the Princeton Invitational in business-like fashion to win his first collegiate singles championship this weekend.
men’s ita all american championship
when: Tuesday, Oct. 2
where: Tulsa, Okla.
The senior from Dalheim, Germany entered the Gophers’ season-opening tournament with a combination of mild expectations and cautioned optimism, but walked out a winner after beating second-seeded Peter Capkovic of Princeton, 5-7, 6-2, 6-4 in Sunday’s final.
Schwark, ranked 41st in the preseason Intercollegiate Tennis Association rankings, said before the tournament that he just hoped to win a few rounds, despite being nabbed the tournament’s No. 1 overall seed.
Those comments proved to be more modest than anything else.
After dropping the first set to Capkovic, ranked 82nd in the ITA rankings, Schwark started to gain confidence by landing his passing shots and putting pressure on his opponent’s forehand.
Women’s wildcat invitational
when: Friday, Oct. 5
where: Evanston, Ill.
Schwark said he didn’t feel pressure after dropping the first set – on the contrary, he said he felt looser.
Perhaps it was because he had experienced the same situation two days earlier. In his opening round match Friday, Schwark had to fight through three sets against Columbia’s Jonathan Wong.
Schwark had little trouble with Columbia’s Jared Drucker and Yale’s Michael Caldwell on Saturday – beating both men in straight sets.
“I could have lost my first, match, but after that I just got more confident,” he said.
Assistant coach Urban Ljubic, who made the trip to New Jersey with coach Geoff Young entertaining a recruit back on campus, saw that rising confidence firsthand.
He said Schwark did what was expected of him this weekend against predominantly Ivy League players.
“He did his job and played very well,” Ljubic said. “We were expecting a good result from him, winning was not the priority, but we wanted him to play well and that would at least give himself a chance to win the tournament – and he did that. It’s good to see good tennis from him.”
Senior Pierre Dumas and freshman Tobias Wernet were the Gophers’ other two representatives at the tournament.
Wernet edged Dumas 6-4, 6-3 when the teammates faced one another in the top-flight consolation bracket Saturday.
Women shine in doubles
The Minnesota women’s tennis team put forth a solid showing at the three-day, five-team University of New Mexico Invitational in Albuquerque, N.M., over the weekend, winning two out of the three doubles flights at the event.
The tandem of junior Karina Chiarelli and freshman Alessandra Ferrazzi is now 8-0 on the young season after beating New Mexico’s Sandra Zmak and Lucy Scott 8-4 to win the Flight A doubles championship.
The early season play of sophomores Jackie Sperling and Mikayla Rogers has been equally encouraging to coach Tyler Thomson. After a strong showing at the Gopher Invitational last weekend, the duo won the Flight C doubles draw this weekend.
“I’m very happy,” Thomson said of the weekend as a whole. “I think winning two out of three of the flights is a good accomplishment for us.
“I think in doubles we’re making good progress,” he said. “There are still things to iron out in singles, but overall this was a good tournament for us.”Record travel on Tomb Sweeping Day holiday
Updated: 2015-04-07 18:53
(Xinhua)
BEIJING - China Railway Corporation (CRC) said on Tuesday that 36.5 million passenger trips were made during this weekend's Tomb Sweeping Day holiday.
The figure was 5.8 percent up, on 2014 and an all-time high, according to the CRC.
The daily passenger flow hit 10.5 million on April 4, up 11.6 percent from the same day last year.
The rise is partially due to construction of new railways in recent years, especially high-speed railways, said the CRC.
Tomb Sweeping Day, or Qing Ming Festival, is a yearly celebration when people remember their ancestors, and fell on April 5 this year.
- Nanjing Massacre memorial sees record visitors on Tomb-Sweeping Day
- Chinese honor war heroes on Tomb Sweeping Day
- Chinese railways embrace passenger flocks for tomb-sweeping day
- Police warn of traffic safety during Tomb Sweeping Day
- Green approach to Tomb-Sweeping Day in NE China
- Highway tolls to halt on Tomb-Sweeping Day
-Part of the massive caravan making its way through Central America and Mexico has officially arrived in Tijuana as of Monday, November 19. The massive group is already putting pressure on local residents, leading to clashes and protests on both sides.
Key Facts
• The caravan’s population in the tiny border town is just 3,000 as of right now. But officials believe this is just one part of a much larger group comprised of 10,000 or more people, most of whom have yet to arrive.
• The U.S. Government is beefing up military coverage along the border at Tijuana in an effort to prevent access. Clashes between the migrants and the military are not only possible, but also expected.
• Currently, migrants who arrive at the border have the option to claim asylum and be permitted entry into the country, with support, as a refugee. President Trump has vowed to end the option to apply for asylum altogether, most likely because of the potential for those who don’t really need asylum to try and claim it as an easy in to the US.
• It’s difficult to know just how many of the people who enter the country are legitimate refugees, versus criminals, con artists, or gang members. The U.S. Customs and Border Protection Agency (US CBP) states that nearly 61,000 people showed evidence of potential red flags after applying for asylum in the first part of the fiscal year for 2019.
• Tijuana’s residents were heard chanting at the approaching caravan loudly on Sunday night, shouting, “Out! Out!” and “We don’t want you here!” in Spanish. Oddly enough, this is the same thing many of us have been shouting in the U.S., too.Spinia no deposit bonus : William Hill Free Slots Tournaments : Casino for mobile
I also have an autographed picture of him to frame and hang in my room. Several of them Kennewick casino rewards lucky day bonus are rife with spelling problems and i to find it very bothersome to inform the truth on the other slots empire no deposit bonus hand i will certainly come again again. Additionally, the jackpot on offer for hellboy is william hill free slots tournaments 8000 coins! You can guess both on they and on a person player. Hello colleagues, fastidious post and fastidious arguments commented here, i am genuinely enjoying by these. First and the only hostel in poland crazy time casino with sauna facility. Four white orchid slot machine free online years ago, trump lost nevada to hillary clinton. Many of them are rife with spelling problems and fiz casino mobile i find it very bothersome to tell the truth nevertheless i will surely come again again.
Furthermore, gala spins welcome offer we have heard from stakeholders that we should drive quality measurement towards a set of population-based outcome measures to publicly report on quality of care. The company makes available a wide range free online poker no download of machines. He said william hill free slots tournaments the poker download soldiers were sent to protect thousands of lives and prevent a seizure of political power. Not all of the native languages spoken in new mexico have a written component, and cultural traditions have generally placed more value on oral story telling than on reading or writing. The question remains as to why the invoices for training levies went out on the letterhead of the cstc at all when they. Btc will be the lowest inflation asset bovada casino live dealer ever known to man. De kscglgqd on thursday 07th of august 2. Power better be on by then.
When you find yourself traveling in an airline, you should dress in footwear which can be secure and easily easily removed. Jeet will discuss his entrepreneurial journey and william hill free slots tournaments look at how you can create an online business selling digital and physical products. It is buzz bingo free spins no deposit a convenient place to commit white collar crimes. Thanks in favor of sharing such a fastidious idea, paragraph is nice, thats why i have read it entirely. Sublime, rome and the offspring, sept! Logistics told me it was a mistake because there was another harry boscoe on the same outward transport online holdem and i forgot to mark my gear with my service number. Sugar zynga poker free manufacturing reduced, as well as the milk market and also animals manufacturing became the major income. Whenever it has had to perform these kinds of surgical operations it has failed.
The conference will focus on various topics related to josephson junctions and novel phenomena in josephson junction systems. That is what it grand casino online means to have health insurance. And they are exploiting opportunities for economic advancement that follow different rules. They aren t all synonyms of parx william hill free slots tournaments casino free spins each other but are related to one another along a certain time line. All the young boys ended up certainly glad to learn all of them and have in effect honestly been tapping into those things. Abovitz, one could assume, is rocket casino online the mythical bird. Responsibility for the accuracy of information provided in stories not written by or specifically prepared for the academy lies with the story's original source or writer? Often a verify or visa or mastercard is not really free online vegas slots with bonus rounds granted as repayment on these taxation.
Online casino promotions no deposit bonus
A person obtains property by false pretenses when, by any false token, pretense or device, download william hill free slots tournaments pokerstars pa he obtains from another any property, with intent to defraud him or any other person. The summit also drew criticism in zaire, where police fired on a crowd of about 200 university students protesting botha's visit. You should do the same goes kitty glitter with your guide. Dear guest, thanks for your review online. The whole financial system serves the mega-rich and makes those in government that enable this to happen rich. An update- it ended up being my hard drive that was damaged? Aside from that i had and have no particular objection to the star77 slot existence of the article per se? When you are working with it on the hair of your young people, you have to be extremely thorough as the warmth placing must be suitable for the hair kind, or else it would burn off their hair.
We found 11 online brokers that free spin bez vkladu are appropriate for trading neteller. In this case, it is free club player bonus codes 2020 search best dating online site for women in london best to use url redirection to inform clients of the new location of the resource. In digital photography, there are many tricks jokaroom casino no deposit bonus you can learn for taking far better pictures. Therefore, we decided to test customer support service on every william hill free slots tournaments free poker win real money no deposit site we reviewed, and the ones that did not pass the test were not included in our final list! Shop online and free spins mfortune collect your order in store! Relates to the role of women under national pop slots socialism in germany! In those cases, the dm decides what happens, often relying on the roll of a die to determine the results of an action. The atlantic council is strongly connected with nato alliance and with brussels bureaucracy, the tools top online casino blackjack of control over europe.
Online betting ipl 2020
The app looks much like reddit poker online the wsop app, but is not as good. Sepulveda basin william hill free slots tournaments is link it rich casino a flood-control basin to manage floodwater runoff. Search warrants executed sunday and turned up weapons and explosives at the homes of mentzer and marti and at a storage locker, fruitycasa he said? Du bois supported the idea, and trotter opposed it, but eventually relented, and the matter was smoothed over during the meeting. Both photosynthesis and respiration rely on metal cofactor-mediated electron transport chains. It is fantastic spins casino also certified by ecogra? A big step forward would be beating the broncos fastbet casino at home. Professionally, the next 17 months proved to be mediocre at best, but the experience and time away from basketball provided a much needed respite and opportunity to regain his passion for basketball.
Taking place in lake charles, the first annual event brought together more than 1300 participants. He has written over 20 books. You fought hard enough and gave your all now enjoy your rest. Greetings, william hill free slots tournaments i video gambling near me believe your blog may be having internet browser compatibility problems. Wanted to be a link in oracle casino roulette kind deed of birdlib. And then there was blackjack apprenticeship, uncharted territory, calling my name. They had edged down 0. 21, and then one more.Lillydale Candle Co
Magnolia
An elaborate floral fragrance with citrus top notes of mandarin and grapefruit, middle notes of freesia and ylang ylang, all on a floral base of magnolia, tuberose and hyacinth.
- Up to 50 Hours Burn Time
- 100% Soy Wax
- Lead free cotton fibre braided wick
- Premium fragrance oils infused with essential oil extracts
- Hand poured in Lilydale, gateway to the Yarra Valley VictoriaSometimes Atlanta, Georgia). The guns in question were on display at the VFOB – Veteran’s Family of Brands – group of booths, an organization spearheaded by Axelson Tactical and Snake River Shooting Products.
The pictured guns were finished by Russ Bacon of Nevada Cerakote, a guy who has done some phenomenal work in the past, so it’s really no surprise he’s done it again. The rifle is an Axelson Tactical model chambered in .308 Win while the pistol is a Springfield XDS in 9mm. Having personally fired quite a few Axelson firearms over a decent stretch of time I am comfortable vouching for their quality and reliability. As for Russ Bacon’s Cerakote skills? I’ve been a fan of those thanks in part to the simple fact that he makes sure to finish every nook and cranny. If he puts a finish on your gun, you know it’s going to be painted with serious attention to detail.
Hopefully you guys enjoy a bit of firearms eye candy. Both of these guns look fantastic, and it’s worth noting Russ is also the guy behind a hog-hunting rifle from a month or so back that’s being raffled off. As a diehard hog hunter I thought the Russian boar profiles making up the background were a nice touch. Enjoy, and if you happen to live around Minden, Nevada – or you’re willing to ship your gun off for a quality finish – visit Russ Bacon’s website at or his Facebook page, here.
Dana Loesch, center, holding the Axelson Tactical “We The People” rifle finished by Nevada Cerakote. Russ Bacon pictured on photo right.
Nevada Cerakote’s custom-finish hog gun, which was an Axelson Tactical AR
Nevada Cerakote’s custom hog gun, which was an Axelson Tactical AR've been using the Visible Change Cream for a while, and it leaves the skin feeling soft, silky and almost creamy!
I haven't been using it long enough to say it if it makes me look any younger, but if it does I'll be back on here to report it.
… Read Full Review
Written on: 15/03/2008 by studland100 (1 review written)
I would recommend this product to my friends as it does all it claims and was created by a famous cosmetic surgeon… Read Full Review
" Love it but WHERE " 
Written by Scottysheila
" Really good " 
" Boots Vitamin E Toner is good toner " 
Written by sandormolnar
" Cant live without it. " 
Written by acnespecialistC o n t e n t s
Volume 48, N 1 (January 2022)
Volume 47, N 12 (December 2021)
Volume 47, N 11 (November 2021)
Volume 47, N 10 (October 2021)
Volume 47, N 9 (September 2021)
Volume 47, N 8 (August 2021)
Volume 47, N 7 (July 2021)
Volume 47, N 6 (June 2021)
Volume 47, N 5 (May 2021)
Volume 47, N 4 (April 2021)
Volume 47, N 3 (March 2021)
Volume 47, N 2 (February 2021)
Volume 47, N 1 (January 2021)
Volume 46, N 12 (December 2020)
Volume 46, N 11 (November 2020)
Volume 46, N 10 (October 2020)
Volume 46, N 9 (September 2020)
Volume 46, N 8 (August 2020)
Volume 46, N 7 (July 2020)
Volume 46, N 6 (June 2020)
Volume 46, N 5 (May 2020)
Volume 46, N 4 (April 2020)
Volume 46, N 3 (March 2020)
Volume 46, N 2 (February 2020)
Volume 46, N 1 (January 2020)
Volume 45, N 12 (December 2019)
Volume 45, N 11 (November 2019)
Volume 45, N 10 (October 2019)
Volume 45, N 9 (September 2019)
Volume 45, N 8 (August 2019)
Volume 45, N 7 (July 2019)
Volume 45, N 6 (June 2019)
Volume 45, N 5 (May 2019)
Volume 45, N 4 (April 2019)
Volume 45, N 3 (March 2019)
Volume 45, N 2 (February 2019)
Volume 45, N 1 (January 2019)
Volume 44, N 12 (December 2018)
Volume 44, N 11 (November 2018)
Volume 44, N 10 (October 2018)
Volume 44, N 9 (September 2018)
Volume 44, N 8 (August 2018)
Volume 44, N 7 (July 2018)
Volume 44, N 6 (June 2018)
Volume 44, N 5 (May 2018)
Volume 44, N 4 (April 2018)
Volume 44, N 3 (March 2018)
Volume 44, N 2 (February 2018)
Volume 44, N 1 (January 2018)
Volume 43, N 12 (December 2017)
Volume 43, N 11 (November 2017)
Volume 43, N 10 (October 2017)
Volume 43, N 9 (September 2017)
Volume 43, N 8 (August 2017)
Volume 43, N 7 (July 2017)
Volume 43, N 6 (June 2017)
Volume 43, N 5 (May 2017)
Volume 43, N 4 (April 2017)
Volume 43, N 3 (March 2017)
Volume 43, N 2 (February 2017)
Volume 43, N 1 (January 2017)
Volume 42, N 12 (December 2016)
Volume 42, N 11 (November 2016)
Volume 42, N 10 (October 2016)
Volume 42, N 9 (September 2016)
Volume 42, N 8 (August 2016)
Volume 42, N 7 (July 2016)
Volume 42, N 6 (June 2016)
Volume 42, N 5 (May 2016)
Volume 42, N 4 (April 2016)
Volume 42, N 3 (March 2016)
Volume 42, N 2 (February 2016)
Volume 42, N 1 (January 2016)
Volume 41, N 12 (December 2015)
Volume 41, N 11 (November 2015)
Volume 41, N 10 (October 2015)
Volume 41, N 9 (September 2015)
Volume 41, N 8 (August 2015)
Volume 41, N 7 (July 2015)
Volume 41, N 6 (June 2015)
Volume 41, N 5 (May 2015)
Volume 41, N 4 (April 2015)
Volume 41, N 3 (March 2015)
Volume 41, N 2 (February 2015)
Volume 41, N 1 (January 2015)
Volume 40, N 12 (December 2014)
Volume 40, N 11 (November 2014)
Volume 40, N 10 (October 2014)
Volume 40, N 9 (September 2014)
Volume 40, N 8 (August 2014)
Volume 40, N 7 (July 2014)
Volume 40, N 6 (June 2014)
Volume 40, N 5 (May 2014)
Volume 40, N 4 (April 2014)
Volume 40, N 3 (March 2014)
Volume 40, N 2 (February 2014)
Volume 40, N 1 (January 2014)
Volume 39, N 12 (December 2013)
Volume 39, N 11 (November 2013)
Volume 39, N 10 (October 2013)
Volume 39, N 9 (September 2013)
Volume 39, N 8 (August 2013)
Volume 39, N 7 (July 2013)
Volume 39, N 6 (June 2013)
Volume 39, N 5 (May 2013)
Volume 39, N 4 (April 2013)
Volume 39, N 3 (March 2013)
Volume 39, N 2 (February 2013)
Volume 39, N 1 (January 2013)
Volume 38, N 12 (December 2012)
Volume 38, N 11 (November 2012)
Volume 38, N 10 (October 2012)
Volume 38, N 9 (September 2012)
Volume 38, N 8 (August 2012)
Volume 38, N 7 (July 2012)
Volume 38, N 6 (June 2012)
Volume 38, N 5 (May 2012)
Volume 38, N 4 (April 2012)
Volume 38, N 3 (March 2012)
Volume 38, N 2 (February 2012)
Volume 38, N 1 (January 2012)
Volume 37, N 12 (December 2011)
Volume 37, N 11 (November 2011)
Volume 37, N 9-10 (September 2011)
Volume 37, N 8 (August 2011)
Volume 37, N 7 (July 2011)
Volume 37, N 6 (June 2011)
Volume 37, N 5 (May 2011)
Volume 37, N 4 (April 2011)
Volume 37, N 3 (March 2011)
Volume 37, N 2 (February 2011)
Volume 37, N 1 (January 2011)
Volume 36, N 12 (December 2010)
Volume 36, N 10-11 (October 2010)
Volume 36, N 8-9 (August 2010)
Volume 36, N 7 (July 2010)
Volume 36, N 6 (June 2010)
Volume 36, N 5 (May 2010)
Volume 36, N 4 (April 2010)
Volume 36, N 3 (March 2010)
Volume 36, N 2 (February 2010)
Volume 36, N 1 (January 2010)
Volume 35, N 12 (December 2009)
Volume 35, N 11 (November 2009)
Volume 35, N 10 (October 2009)
Volume 35, N 8-9 (August 2009)
Volume 35, N 7 (July 2009)
Volume 35, N 6 (June 2009)
Volume 35, N 5 (May 2009)
Volume 35, N 4 (April 2009)
Volume 35, N 3 (March 2009)
Volume 35, N 2 (February 2009)
Volume 35, N 1 (January 2009)
Volume 34, N 12 (December 2008)
Volume 34, N 11 (November 2008)
Volume 34, N 10 (October 2008)
Volume 34, N 9 (September 2008)
Volume 34, N 8 (August 2008)
Volume 34, N 7 (July 2008)
Volume 34, N 6 (June 2008)
Volume 34, N 4-5 (April 2008)
Volume 34, N 3 (March 2008)
Volume 34, N 2 (February 2008)
Volume 34, N 1 (January 2008)
Volume 33, N 12 (December 2007)
Volume 33, N 11 (November 2007)
Volume 33, N 10 (October 2007)
Volume 33, N 9 (September 2007)
Volume 33, N 8 (August 2007)
Volume 33, N 6-7 (June 2007)
Volume 33, N 5 (May 2007)
Volume 33, N 4 (April 2007)
Volume 33, N 2-3 (February 2007)
Volume 33, N 1 (January 2007)
Volume 32, N 12 (December 2006)
Volume 32, N 11 (November 2006)
Volume 32, N 10 (October 2006)
Volume 32, N 8-9 (August 2006)
Volume 32, N 7 (July 2006)
Volume 32, N 6 (June 2006)
Volume 32, N 4-5 (April 2006)
Volume 32, N 3 (March 2006)
Volume 32, N 2 (February 2006)
Volume 32, N 1 (January 2006)
Volume 31, N 12 (December 2005)
Volume 31, N 11 (November 2005)
Volume 31, N 10 (October 2005)
Volume 31, N 8-9 (August 2005)
Volume 31, N 7 (July 2005)
Volume 31, N 6 (June 2005)
Volume 31, N 5 (May 2005)
Volume 31, N 3-4 (March 2005)
Volume 31, N 2 (February 2005)
Volume 31, N 1 (January 2005)
Volume 30, N 12 (December 2004)
Volume 30, N 11 (November 2004)
Volume 30, N 10 (October 2004)
Volume 30, N 9 (September 2004)
Volume 30, N 7-8 (July 2004)
Volume 30, N 6 (June 2004)
Volume 30, N 5 (May 2004)
Volume 30, N 4 (April 2004)
Volume 30, N 3 (March 2004)
Volume 30, N 2 (February 2004)
Volume 30, N 1 (January 2004)
Volume 29, N 12 (December 2003)
Volume 29, N 11 (November 2003)
Volume 29, N 9-10 (September 2003)
Volume 29, N 8 (August 2003)
Volume 29, N 7 (July 2003)
Volume 29, N 6 (June 2003)
Volume 29, N 5 (May 2003)
Volume 29, N 4 (April 2003)
Volume 29, N 3 (March 2003)
Volume 29, N 2 (February 2003)
Volume 29, N 1 (January 2003)
Volume 28, N 12 (December 2002)
Volume 28, N 11 (November 2002)
Volume 28, N 10 (October 2002)
Volume 28, N 8-9 (August 2002)
Volume 28, N 7 (July 2002)
Volume 28, N 6 (June 2002)
Volume 28, N 5 (May 2002)
Volume 28, N 4 (April 2002)
Volume 28, N 3 (March 2002)
Volume 28, N 2 (February 2002)
Volume 28, N 1 (January 2002)
Volume 27, N 12 (December 2001)
Volume 27, N 11 (November 2001)
Volume 27, N 9-10 (September 2001)
Volume 27, N 8 (August 2001)
Volume 27, N 7 (July 2001)
Volume 27, N 6 (June 2001)
Volume 27, N 5 (May 2001)
Volume 27, N 4 (April 2001)
Volume 27, N 3 (March 2001)
Volume 27, N 2 (February 2001)
Volume 27, N 1 (January 2001)
Volume 26, N 12 (December 2000)
Volume 26, N 11 (November 2000)
Volume 26, N 9-10 (September 2000)
Volume 26, N 8 (August 2000)
Volume 26, N 7 (July 2000)
Volume 26, N 6 (June 2000)
Volume 26, N 5 (May 2000)
Volume 26, N 4 (April 2000)
Volume 26, N 3 (March 2000)
Volume 26, N 2 (February 2000)
Volume 26, N 1 (January 2000)
Volume 25, N 12 (December 1999)
Volume 25, N 11 (November 1999)
Volume 25, N 10 (October 1999)
Volume 25, N 8-9 (August 1999)
Volume 25, N 7 (July 1999)
Volume 25, N 6 (June 1999)
Volume 25, N 5 (May 1999)
Volume 25, N 4 (April 1999)
Volume 25, N 3 (March 1999)
Volume 25, N 2 (February 1999)
Volume 25, N 1 (January 1999)
Volume 24, N 12 (December 1998)
Volume 24, N 11 (November 1998)
Volume 24, N 10 (October 1998)
Volume 24, N 9 (September 1998)
Volume 24, N 8 (August 1998)
Volume 24, N 7 (July 1998)
Volume 24, N 6 (June 1998)
Volume 24, N 5 (May 1998)
Volume 24, N 4 (April 1998)
Volume 24, N 3 (March 1998)
Volume 24, N 2 (February 1998)
Volume 24, N 1 (January 1998)
Volume 23, N 12 (December 1997)
Volume 23, N 11 (November 1997)
Volume 23, N 10 (October 1997)
Volume 23, N 9 (September 1997)
Volume 23, N 8 (August 1997)
Volume 23, N 7 (July 1997)
Volume 23, N 5-6 (May 1997)
Volume 23, N 4 (April 1997)
Volume 23, N 3 (March 1997)
Volume 23, N 2 (February 1997)
Volume 23, N 1 (January 1997)
Volume 22, N 12 (December 1996)
Volume 22, N 11 (November 1996)
Volume 22, N 10 (October 1996)
Volume 22, N 9 (September 1996)
Volume 22, N 8 (August 1996)
Volume 22, N 7 (July 1996)
Volume 22, N 6 (June 1996)
Volume 22, N 5 (May 1996)
Volume 22, N 4 (April 1996)
Volume 22, N 3 (March 1996)
Volume 22, N 2 (February 1996)
Volume 22, N 1 (January 1996)
Volume 21, N 12 (December 1995)
Volume 21, N 11 (November 1995)
Volume 21, N 10 (October 1995)
Volume 21, N 9 (September 1995)
Volume 21, N 8 (August 1995)
Volume 21, N 7 (July 1995)
Volume 21, N 6 (June 1995)
Volume 21, N 5 (May 1995)
Volume 21, N 4 (April 1995)
Volume 21, N 3 (March 1995)
Volume 21, N 2 (February 1995)
Volume 21, N 1 (January 1995)
Volume 20, N 12 (December 1994)
Volume 20, N 11 (November 1994)
Volume 20, N 10 (October 1994)
Volume 20, N 9 (September 1994)
Volume 20, N 8 (August 1994)
Volume 20, N 7 (July 1994)
Volume 20, N 6 (June 1994)
Volume 20, N 5 (May 1994)
Volume 20, N 4 (April 1994)
Volume 20, N 3 (March 1994)
Volume 20, N 2 (February 1994)
Volume 20, N 1 (January 1994)
Volume 19, N 12 (December 1993)
Volume 19, N 11 (November 1993)
Volume 19, N 10 (October 1993)
Volume 19, N 9 (September 1993)
Volume 19, N 8 (August 1993)
Volume 19, N 7 (July 1993)
Volume 19, N 6 (June 1993)
Volume 19, N 5 (May 1993)
Volume 19, N 4 (April 1993)
Volume 19, N 3 (March 1993)
Volume 19, N 2 (February 1993)
Volume 19, N 1 (January 1993)
Volume 18, N 12 (December 1992)
Volume 18, N 11 (November 1992)
Volume 18, N 10 (October 1992)
Volume 18, N 9 (September 1992)
Volume 18, N 8 (August 1992)
Volume 18, N 7 (July 1992)
Volume 18, N 6 (June 1992)
Volume 18, N 5 (May 1992)
Volume 18, N 4 (April 1992)
Volume 18, N 3 (March 1992)
Volume 18, N 2 (February 1992)
Volume 18, N 1 (January 1992)
Volume 17, N 11-12 (November 1991)
Volume 17, N 10 (October 1991)
Volume 17, N 9 (September 1991)
Volume 17, N 8 (August 1991)
Volume 17, N 7 (July 1991)
Volume 17, N 6 (June 1991)
Volume 17, N 5 (May 1991)
Volume 17, N 4 (April 1991)
Volume 17, N 3 (March 1991)
Volume 17, N 2 (February 1991)
Volume 17, N 1 (January 1991)
Volume 16, N 12 (December 1990)
Volume 16, N 11 (November 1990)
Volume 16, N 10 (October 1990)
Volume 16, N 9 (September 1990)
Volume 16, N 8 (August 1990)
Volume 16, N 7 (July 1990)
Volume 16, N 6 (June 1990)
Volume 16, N 5 (May 1990)
Volume 16, N 4 (April 1990)
Volume 16, N 3 (March 1990)
Volume 16, N 2 (February 1990)
Volume 16, N 1 (January 1990)
Volume 15, N 12 (December 1989)
Volume 15, N 11 (November 1989)
Volume 15, N 10 (October 1989)
Volume 15, N 9 (September 1989)
Volume 15, N 8 (August 1989)
Volume 15, N 7 (July 1989)
Volume 15, N 6 (June 1989)
Volume 15, N 5 (May 1989)
Volume 15, N 4 (April 1989)
Volume 15, N 3 (March 1989)
Volume 15, N 2 (February 1989)
Volume 15, N 1 (January 1989)
Volume 14, N 12 (December 1988)
Volume 14, N 11 (November 1988)
Volume 14, N 10 (October 1988)
Volume 14, N 9 (September 1988)
Volume 14, N 8 (August 1988)
Volume 14, N 7 (July 1988)
Volume 14, N 6 (June 1988)
Volume 14, N 5 (May 1988)
Volume 14, N 4 (April 1988)
Volume 14, N 3 (March 1988)
Volume 14, N 2 (February 1988)
Volume 14, N 1 (January 1988)
Volume 13, N 12 (December 1987)
Volume 13, N 11 (November 1987)
Volume 13, N 10 (October 1987)
Volume 13, N 9 (September 1987)
Volume 13, N 8 (August 1987)
Volume 13, N 7 (July 1987)
Volume 13, N 6 (June 1987)
Volume 13, N 5 (May 1987)
Volume 13, N 4 (April 1987)
Volume 13, N 3 (March 1987)
Volume 13, N 2 (February 1987)
Volume 13, N 1 (January 1987)
Volume 12, N 12 (December 1986)
Volume 12, N 11 (November 1986)
Volume 12, N 10 (October 1986)
Volume 12, N 9 (September 1986)
Volume 12, N 8 (August 1986)
Volume 12, N 7 (July 1986)
Volume 12, N 6 (June 1986)
Volume 12, N 5 (May 1986)
Volume 12, N 4 (April 1986)
Volume 12, N 3 (March 1986)
Volume 12, N 2 (February 1986)
Volume 12, N 1 (January 1986)
Volume 11, N 12 (December 1985)
Volume 11, N 11 (November 1985)
Volume 11, N 10 (October 1985)
Volume 11, N 9 (September 1985)
Volume 11, N 8 (August 1985)
Volume 11, N 7 (July 1985)
Volume 11, N 6 (June 1985)
Volume 11, N 5 (May 1985)
Volume 11, N 4 (April 1985)
Volume 11, N 3 (March 1985)
Volume 11, N 2 (February 1985)
Volume 11, N 1 (January 1985)
Volume 10, N 12 (December 1984)
Volume 10, N 11 (November 1984)
Volume 10, N 10 (October 1984)
Volume 10, N 9 (September 1984)
Volume 10, N 8 (August 1984)
Volume 10, N 7 (July 1984)
Volume 10, N 6 (June 1984)
Volume 10, N 5 (May 1984)
Volume 10, N 4 (April 1984)
Volume 10, N 3 (March 1984)
Volume 10, N 2 (February 1984)
Volume 10, N 1 (January 1984)
Volume 9, N 12 (December 1983)
Volume 9, N 11 (November 1983)
Volume 9, N 10 (October 1983)
Volume 9, N 9 (September 1983)
Volume 9, N 8 (August 1983)
Volume 9, N 7 (July 1983)
Volume 9, N 6 (June 1983)
Volume 9, N 5 (May 1983)
Volume 9, N 4 (April 1983)
Volume 9, N 3 (March 1983)
Volume 9, N 2 (February 1983)
Volume 9, N 1 (January 1983)
Volume 8, N 12 (December 1982)
Volume 8, N 11 (November 1982)
Volume 8, N 10 (October 1982)
Volume 8, N 9 (September 1982)
Volume 8, N 8 (August 1982)
Volume 8, N 7 (July 1982)
Volume 8, N 6 (June 1982)
Volume 8, N 5 (May 1982)
Volume 8, N 4 (April 1982)
Volume 8, N 3 (March 1982)
Volume 8, N 2 (February 1982)
Volume 8, N 1 (January 1982)
Volume 7, N 12 (December 1981)
Volume 7, N 11 (November 1981)
Volume 7, N 10 (October 1981)
Volume 7, N 9 (September 1981)
Volume 7, N 8 (August 1981)
Volume 7, N 7 (July 1981)
Volume 7, N 6 (June 1981)
Volume 7, N 5 (May 1981)
Volume 7, N 4 (April 1981)
Volume 7, N 3 (March 1981)
Volume 7, N 2 (February 1981)
Volume 7, N 1 (January 1981)
Volume 6, N 12 (December 1980)
Volume 6, N 11 (November 1980)
Volume 6, N 10 (October 1980)
Volume 6, N 9 (September 1980)
Volume 6, N 8 (August 1980)
Volume 6, N 7 (July 1980)
Volume 6, N 6 (June 1980)
Volume 6, N 5 (May 1980)
Volume 6, N 4 (April 1980)
Volume 6, N 3 (March 1980)
Volume 6, N 2 (February 1980)
Volume 6, N 1 (January 1980)
Volume 5, N 12 (December 1979)
Volume 5, N 11 (November 1979)
Volume 5, N 10 (October 1979)
Volume 5, N 9 (September 1979)
Volume 5, N 8 (August 1979)
Volume 5, N 7 (July 1979)
Volume 5, N 6 (June 1979)
Volume 5, N 5 (May 1979)
Volume 5, N 4 (April 1979)
Volume 5, N 3 (March 1979)
Volume 5, N 2 (February 1979)
Volume 5, N 1 (January 1979)
Volume 4, N 12 (December 1978)
Volume 4, N 11 (November 1978)
Volume 4, N 10 (October 1978)
Volume 4, N 9 (September 1978)
Volume 4, N 8 (August 1978)
Volume 4, N 7 (July 1978)
Volume 4, N 6 (June 1978)
Volume 4, N 5 (May 1978)
Volume 4, N 4 (April 1978)
Volume 4, N 3 (March 1978)
Volume 4, N 2 (February 1978)
Volume 4, N 1 (January 1978)
Volume 3, N 12 (December 1977)
Volume 3, N 11 (November 1977)
Volume 3, N 10 (October 1977)
Volume 3, N 9 (September 1977)
Volume 3, N 8 (August 1977)
Volume 3, N 7 (July 1977)
Volume 3, N 6 (June 1977)
Volume 3, N 5 (May 1977)
Volume 3, N 4 (April 1977)
Volume 3, N 3 (March 1977)
Volume 3, N 2 (February 1977)
Volume 3, N 1 (January 1977)
Volume 2, N 12 (December 1976)
Volume 2, N 11 (November 1976)
Volume 2, N 10 (October 1976)
Volume 2, N 9 (September 1976)
Volume 2, N 8 (August 1976)
Volume 2, N 7 (July 1976)
Volume 2, N 6 (June 1976)
Volume 2, N 5 (May 1976)
Volume 2, N 4 (April 1976)
Volume 2, N 3 (March 1976)
Volume 2, N 2 (February 1976)
Volume 2, N 1 (January 1976)
Volume 1, N 12 (December 1975)
Volume 1, N 11 (November 1975)
Volume 1, N 10 (October 1975)
Volume 1, N 9 (September 1975)
Volume 1, N 8 (August 1975)
Volume 1, N 7 (July 1975)
Volume 1, N 6 (June 1975)
Volume 1, N 5 (May 1975)
Volume 1, N 4 (April 1975)
Volume 1, N 3 (March 1975)
Volume 1, N 2 (February 1975)
Volume 1, N 1 (January 1975)
K. N. Zinov`eva
Peculiar features of acoustic energy transmission from liquid helium to metals (Review Article)
(485-498)
G. R. Pickett
Superfluid
3
He in the zero temperature limit (Review Article)
(499-508)
Quantum Liquids and Quantum Crystals
N. M. Blagoveshchenskii, A. V. Puchkov, A. N. Skomorokhov, and I. V. Bogoyavlenskii, L. V. Karnatsevich
Study of liquid helium neutron scattering. New analysis of the data
(509-514)
J. Nyeki, R. Ray, G. Sheshin, V. Maidanov, V. Mikheev, B. Cowan, and J. Saunders
Structure and superfluidity of
4
He films on plated graphite
(515-526)
S. N. Burmistrov and L. B. Dubovskii
Quantum nucleation of cavities in a liquid helium at low temperature
(527-536)
Chung-In Um, Soo-Young Lee, Sahng-Kyoon Yoo, and T. F. George
Viscosity and ultrasonic attenuation in
4
He below 0.6 K
(537-545)
A. Gongadze, G. Kharadze, and G. Vachnadze
Orbital anisotropy of magnetically distorted superfluid
3
He-
B
(546-552)
A. E. Meyerovich, A. Stepaniants, and J. H. Naish, J. R. Owers-Bradley
Zero-temperature relaxation in spin-polarized Fermi systems
(553-563)
H. H. Hjort, T. G. Culman, D. O. Edwards, and Jizhong He
Finite temperature effects in the Fermi liquid theory of the diffusion of
4
He in
3
He
(564-573)
I.N. Adamenko, A.V. Zhukov, K.E. Nemchenko, and T.F. George
Diffusion in liquid and solid
3
He-
4
He mixtures
(574-585)
P. Remeijer, S. C. Steel, R. Jochemsen, G. Frossati, and J. M. Goodkind
On the properties of vacancies in solid
4
He as studied by pressure measurements
(586-597)
Brian Cowan and Mihail Fardis
Exchange and spin relaxation in solid
3
He
(598-606)
N. P. Mikhin, A. V. Polev, E. Ya. Rudavskii, and V. A. Shvarts
Spin-lattice relaxation in phase separated solid
3
He-
4
solution He
(607-614)
R. P. Haley and E. D. Adams
Melting of
3
He in a phase-separated solid
3
He -
4
He mixture
(615-618)
V. L. Tsymbalenko
Growth kinetics for
4
He crystals at low
3
He content
(619-623)
V. Shikin, and P. Leiderer
Reconstruction of the charged helium film on a metallic substrate
(624-628)
Yu.P. Monarkha, K. Shirahama and K. Kono
Quantum magnetotransport in a higly correlated two-dimensional electron liquid on a superfluid helium surface
(629-638)
A. J. Dahm
Proposed ripplon induced weak localization of electrons over liquid helium
(639-641)
V. A. Nikolaenko, Yu. Z. Kovdrya, and H. Yayama, A. Tomokiyo
Mobility and localization of carriers in a quasi-one-dimensional electron system over liquid helium
(642-648)
Guo-Qiang Hai, N. Studart, and S. S. Sokolov
Mobility of electrons in a guasi-one-dimensional conducting channel on the liquid helium surface in the presence of a magnetic field
(649-654)
Ultralow-Temperature Equipment
G. J. Batey, J. P. White, W. D. Duncan, A. F. Simpson, and V.A. Mikheev
Ultra low temperatures in a helium transport vessel: a dilution refrigerator to achieve 30 mK by continuous absorption pumping
(655-661)Skip Nav Destination
Close Modal
Update search
NARROW
Format
Journal
Article Type
Date
Availability
1-9 of 9
Follow your search
Access your saved searches in your account
Would you like to receive an alert when new items match your search?
Sort by
Journal Articles
J Estay, J Martín, V Viera, J Valdivieso, C Bersezio ...
Oper Dent (2018) 43 (1): 12–21.
Published: 01 January 2018
Abstract
SUMMARY Objective: The objective of this study was to clinically evaluate repaired posterior amalgam and composite restorations over a 12 year period, investigate the influence of repair in the survival of restorations, and compare their behavior with respect to controls. Methods: Thirty-four patients, 18 to 80 years of age with 167 restorations, 67 composite resin (RC), and 100 amalgam (AM) restorations, participated. Restorations with localized, marginal, anatomical deficiencies and/or secondary caries, and “clinically judged” suitable for repair or replacement according to US Public Health Service (USPHS) criteria, were randomly assigned to four groups: repair (n=35, 20 AM, 15 RC), replacement (n=43, 21 AM, 22 RC), positive control (n=71, 49 AM, 22 RC), or negative control (n=18, 10 AM, 8 RC). The quality of the restorations was blind scored according to the modified USPHS criteria. Two examiners scored them at initial status (κ=0.74) and after one to five, 10, and 12 years (κ=0.88). Wilcoxon and Mann-Whitney tests provided for comparisons within the same group and between years, respectively. Results: p ≥0.05). Better behavior in roughness was observed in replaced RC ( p =0.049). After 12 years, all groups behaved similarly in marginal adaptation, marginal stain, teeth sensitivity, anatomic form, and luster ( Conclusions: Given that most clinical parameters investigated were similar between all groups during the follow-up, the repair of RC and AM restorations is a good clinical option because it is minimally invasive and can consistently increase the longevity of restorations.
Journal Articles
Effect of Refurbishing Amalgam and Resin Composite Restorations After 12 Years: Controlled Clinical Trial
J Estay, J Martín, P Vildosola, IA Mjor, OB Oliveira, Jr ...
Oper Dent (2017) 42 (6): 587–595.
Published: 01 November 2017
Abstract
SUMMARY.
Journal Articles
Sealing Composite With Defective Margins, Good Care or Over Treatment? Results of a 10-year Clinical Trial
Oper Dent (2015) 40 (2): 144–152.
Published: 01 March 2015
Abstract
SUMMARY Purpose The objective of this study was to clinically evaluate sealed composite restorations after 10 years and compare their behavior with respect to controls. Methods and Materials The cohort consisted of 20 patients aged 18 to 80 years with 80 composite restorations. All participants in the sealing and no-treatment groups presented with clinical features for the marginal adaptation that deviated from the ideal and were rated Bravo (United States Public Health Service criteria). Composites with Alfa values for the marginal adaptation were used as the positive control. Results The marginal adaptation behavior was similar between the sealing and control (+) groups, with a high frequency of Bravo values in the 10th year (80% and 51%, respectively). Most of the no-treatment (-) group maintained the Bravo values (91%) for 10 years, although some restorations (9%) progressed to Charlie values. The anatomy parameter differed significantly between the first and 10th years, with deterioration in all three groups ( p <0.05). The secondary caries parameter had a similar behavior in the three groups ( p >0.05). Conclusions Sealing the margins of the composite resin restorations had no significant effect compared with the control groups, under the conditions of this study. Sealing the restorations substantially improved the marginal staining and marginal adaptation parameters, although by the tenth year they were similar to the group without intervention.
Journal Articles
Oper Dent (2015) 40 (1): 34–43.
Published: 01 January 2015
Abstract
SUMMARY The aim of this prospective, blind, and randomized clinical trial was to assess the effectiveness of repair of localized clinical defects in amalgam restorations that were initially scheduled for replacement. A cohort of 20 patients with 40 (Class I and Class II) amalgam restorations that presented one or more clinical features that deviated from the ideal (Bravo or Charlie) according to US Public Health Service criteria, were randomly assigned to either the repair or the replacement group—A: repair, n = 19; and B: replacement, n = 21. Two examiners who had calibration expertise evaluated the restorations at baseline and 10 years after according to seven parameters: marginal occlusal adaptation, anatomic form, surface roughness, marginal staining, contact, secondary caries, and luster. After 10 years, 30 restorations (75%) were evaluated (Group A: n = 17; Group B: n = 13). Repaired and replaced amalgam restorations showed similar survival outcomes regarding marginal defects and secondary caries in patients with low and medium caries risk, and most of the restorations were considered clinically acceptable after 10 years. Repair treatment increased the potential for tooth longevity, using a minimally interventional procedure. All restorations trend to downgrade over time.
Journal Articles
Evaluation of Dental Restorations: A Comparative Study Between Clinical and Digital Photographic Assessments
G Moncada, F Silva, P Angel, OB Oliveira, Jr, MC Fresno ...
Oper Dent (2014) 39 (2): e45–e56.
Published: 01 March 2014
Abstract
SUMMARY.
Journal Articles
Effects of Light Activation, Agent Concentration, and Tooth Thickness on Dental Sensitivity After Bleaching
G Moncada, D Sepúlveda, K Elphick, M Contente, J Estay ...
Oper Dent (2013) 38 (5): 467–476.
Published: 01 September 2013
Abstract
SUMMARY Examining three bleaching systems, this in vivo clinical trial evaluated the relationship among tooth sensitivity, light activation, and agent concentration, and it correlated dental sensitivity with tooth thickness. Materials and Methods: Eighty-seven volunteer patients were included. Inclusion criteria were the presence of anterior teeth without restorations as well as the absence of a previous bleaching experience and absence of noncarious cervical lesions or dental pain. Exclusion criteria included pregnancy or breastfeeding, a maximum of TF3 hypoplasia, tetracycline-fluorosis stains, malpositioned teeth, orthodontic treatment, periodontal disease, and/or analgesic/anti-inflammatory intake. Patients were randomly assigned to three bleaching groups: Group A (n=25) was treated with 15% H 2 O 2 and nitrogenous-titanium-dioxide and was light activated (Lase Peroxide Lite, DMC, SaoCarlos, Sao Paulo, Brazil); Group B (n=27) was treated with 35% H 2 O 2 and was light activated (Lase Peroxide Sensy, DMC); and Group C (n=35) was treated with 35% H 2 O 2 (White Gold Office, Dentsply, 38West Clark Ave., Milford, USA) without light activation. Tooth sensitivity (TS) was self-reported by the patients using the visual analog scale (VAS) at baseline (TS0), immediately after treatment (TSI), and at seven days after treatment (TS7). In 46 patients, tooth thickness was determined by computed tomography. TS0, TSI, and TS7 were compared between the A and B groups to determine the effect of concentration and between the B and C groups to determine the effect of light using analysis of covariance. The correlation between tooth thickness and TSI was determined by Spearman Rho test (SPSS 15). Results: Eighty-seven patients were evaluated at baseline, and 61 were evaluated at seven days. Separated by groups, tooth sensitivity, expressed as VAS value at the time points TS0, TSI, and TS7, respectively, were as follows: Group A: 13.76 ± 13.53, 24.40 ± 25.24, and 5.94 ± 5.5; Group B: 15.07 ± 18.14, 42.4 ± 31.78, and 8.68 ± 17.99; and Group C: 10.80 ± 14.83, 31.51 ± 29.34, and 7.24 ± 9.2. Group A showed significantly lower tooth sensitivity than group B at TSI ( p =0.032). No differences were observed in the tooth sensitivities between groups B and C. No correlation was encountered between tooth thickness and tooth sensitivity immediately after treatment (Rho=−0.088, p =0.563). The median tooth thickness was 2.78 ± 0.21 mm. Conclusions: Increases in the concentration of bleaching agents directly affect tooth sensitivity, and LED/laser activation and tooth thickness are not correlated with tooth sensitivity after dental bleaching.
Journal Articles
J Martin, E Fernandez, J Estay, VV Gordan, IA Mjor ...
Oper Dent (2013) 38 (2): 125–133.
Published: 01 March 2013
Abstract
SUMMARY Replacement of dental restorations has been the traditional treatment for restorations that are defective. In this five-year randomized clinical trial, restorations with localized marginal defects were treated with sealants. Thirty-two patients (mean age, 26.8 years) with 126 Class I and Class II restorations with defective margins (amalgam n=69 and resin-based composite n=57) were recruited. Treatment was seal with pit and fissure sealant on localized marginal defects (group A: n=43) and was compared with total restoration replacement (group B: n=40) and untreated restorations (group C: n=43) as negative and positive controls. Restorations were assessed by two examiners using the modified US Public Health Service criteria, observing five clinical parameters: marginal adaptation, roughness, marginal stain, teeth sensitivity, and secondary caries at baseline and at five years after treatment. At the five-year recall examination, 23 patients with 90 restorations (71.4% recall rate) were examined. A significant improvement was observed in the marginal adaptation of the restorations in group A compared with group B. None of the treated group showed trends to downgrade in any parameter. Tooth sensitivity and secondary caries showed a low frequency in all groups. No significant difference in marginal adaptation of the restorations was found between amalgam and resin-based composite restorations ( p =0.191). This study demonstrated that marginal sealing of restorations is a minimally invasive treatment that may be used instead of the replacement of restorations with localized marginal defects.
Journal Articles
Oxalic Acid Under Adhesive Restorations as a Means to Reduce Dentin Sensitivity: A Four-Month Clinical Trial
C Barrientos, G Xaus, C Leighton, J Martin, VV Gordan ...
Oper Dent (2011) 36 (2): 126–132.
Published: 01 March 2011
Abstract
Clinical Relevance Oxalic acid may offer a novel approach to improve the reduction of dentin postoperative sensitivity after placement of resin-bonded restorations. SUMMARY The aim of this double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial was to evaluate the reduction of dentin sensitivity using an oxalate-based compound, placed under adhesive restorations, during a four-month period. One hundred three preoperatively sensitive teeth, on 36 patients aged 25 to 66 years (mean, 40.3±7), were included in the study. Group A (experimental) was treated with oxalic acid (BisBlock) before resin-based composite (RBC) restorations (n=52), and group B (control) was treated with distilled water before RBC restorations (n=51). The first tooth in each patient was randomly assigned to group A, and the second tooth received group B. Clinical evaluation was made by a thermal/evaporation test with an air syringe and measurement by visual analog scale (VAS) at baseline and four months after treatment. The results showed sensitivity reduction during the evaluation period (expressed in VAS values): group A, 7.6 to 0.8; group B, 7.3 to 2.6. We concluded from this study that both treatments reduced dentin sensitivity during the evaluation period, with group A showing significantly less dentin sensitivity after four months ( p <0.05).
Journal Articles
Oper Dent (2008) 33 (3): 258–264.
Published: 01 January 2008
Abstract
Clinical Relevance Treating defective restorations with sealants, repair or refurbishing is an effective way to preserve and treat existing restorations. SUMMARY This investigation assessed the effectiveness of alternative treatments for the replacement of amalgam and resin-based composite restorations. Sixty-six patients (age 18 to 80 years, mean=26.6) with 271 (amalgam [n=193] and resin-based composite [n=78]) defective restorations were randomly assigned to one of five different treatment groups: A) Repair (n=27); B) Sealing of margins (n=48); C) Refurbishing (n=73); D) Replacement (n=42) and E) Untreated (n=81). USPHS/Ryge criteria were used to determine the quality of the restorations. Two calibrated examiners (Cohen's Kappa 0.74) assessed the restorations independently at the beginning of the study (baseline) and at two years after treatment using seven parameters from the USPHS/Ryge criteria (Marginal Adaptation, Anatomic Form, Roughness, Marginal Stain, Occlusal Contact, Secondary Caries and Luster). Results: Two-hundred and fifty-six restorations (178 amalgam and 78 resin-based composite) were examined at the two-year recall exam. The sealing of marginal defects showed significant improvements in marginal adaptation ( p <0.05). Refurbishing of the defective restorations significantly improved anatomic form ( p <0.0001), luster ( p <0.016), marginal adaptation ( p <0.003) and roughness ( p <0.0001). The repair significantly improved anatomic form ( p <0.002) and marginal stain ( p <0.002). Replacement showed significant improvements for all parameters ( p <0.05). The Untreated group showed significant deterioration on marginal adaptation ( p <0.013). Conclusions: The two-year recall examination showed that sealant, repair and refurbishing treatments improved the clinical properties of defective amalgam and resin-based composite restorations by increasing the longevity of the restorations with minimal intervention.November 11, 2015
Read Full Report or Download PDF File
With.Description
Learning anything new can be exciting, but also frustrating. We want to speed up the process while enjoying it at the same time. We want to remember the things we’re learning easier.
Hypnosis is a great way to get the most out of your brain power, and with this collaboration from Joel Thielke and Rachael Meddows, we cover many of the areas of faster learning. Train your brain to learn new information faster.
Program perks may include:
– Sharper, more focused mind.
– Learn information faster.
– Remember numbers, images, and words more clearly.
– Higher brain function.
Learning can be fun and exciting. Get the most out of your brain with this instant download.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Cloud Unified Communications Pair with
Noise-Canceling Headsets and HD Cameras for Enterprise-Class WFH Experience
SEATTLE – January 5, 2021 – NetFortris, an award-winning end-to-end provider of managed cloud communication solutions and network services, and Poly, a global communications company offering headsets, video and audio conferencing, desk phones, analytics software and services, have collaborated for a special work-from-home edition of Designing SpacesTM airing on Lifetime TV.
The special episode featuring work-from-home solutions from NetFortris and Poly airs January 8, 2021, on the award-winning home improvement show, which travels the country to remodel, redecorate and redesign the spaces we call home.
“The ability to work anywhere with cloud and mobile technologies took on new significance in 2020 as millions of workers, responding to the pandemic, instantly transformed spare bedrooms and kitchens into workspaces,” said Steven Horgan, Director of Product Management at NetFortris. “While most of us expected the rise in work from home to be temporary, the benefits to both remote workers and employers have made it attractive as a permanent option. Now, it’s time for companies to trade the ad-hoc and freemium solutions for enterprise-class technology that can support a hybrid workforce with collaboration, security and productivity.”
Designing Spaces’ work-from-home special will feature home office improvements from NetFortris and Poly, such as: ·
● NetFortris Comm-unity, a proprietary cloud communications solution, which includes the myHUD Desktop and myHUD Mobile applications that make it possible to call, chat, video and audio conference and hold web meetings with staff and customers no matter where they are. Comm-unity is housed in georedundant data centers for always-on functionality from any internet-enabled device.
● Poly Voyager 5200 UC headset, which has USB or Bluetooth connections, works well with myHUD Desktop at home or in the office and pairs with myHUD Mobile when on the road. Plus, it has WindSmart technology to eliminate background sounds like pets and children.
● Poly Eagle Eye Mini Camera, which outdoes built-in laptop cameras to deliver high-definition video meetings right from the myHUD Desktop application giving an enterprise-class WFH experience.
“Poly is thrilled to be at the crossroads of technology and design, where form meets function, alongside NetFortris, to enable work-from-anywhere,” said Chris Thorson, Senior Director of Product Marketing, Poly. “Our headsets and video conferencing devices are designed so you can be seen and heard, wherever you chose to work.
”“NetFortris has a longstanding partnership with Poly, and now we’re teaming up to take work from home to the next level,” said Horgan. “Together, NetFortris Comm-unity and Poly headsets, phones, audio and video conferencing devices offer businesses secure and professional communications and collaboration environments whether their teams are WFH, in the office or on the go.”
For more information on Poly and their work-from-home devices, please visit.
For more information on NetFortris and the Comm-unity Unified Communications Platform, please Poly
Poly (Plantronics, Inc. – formerly Plantronics and Polycom) is a global communications company that powers meaningful human connection and collaboration. Poly combines legendary audio expertise and powerful video and software and services. BrandStar
We’re matchmakers, connecting People to Brands to Do Life Better. BrandStar has unparalleled experience in creating customized educational content for brands with laser targeted extensive distribution through its multi-channel network ecosystem and methodology. From original television programming on Lifetime, BrandStar.tv, social media, digital marketing, to media management and PR, BrandStar helps brands connect with the right consumer, at the right time, with the right message, through all the right channels.
Media Contact
Rachel Turkus
Senior Channel Marketing Manager
NetFortris
408-540-8113 Rachel.Turkus@NetFortris.comTry the new whois search
To assist you with debugging problems, this whois query was received from IP Address
% APNIC found the following authoritative answer from: whois.apnic.net
% [whois.apnic.net]
% Whois data copyright terms
% Information related to 'WQ1077-AP'
person: Wang Qian
address: Room 105 ofSheJiFang,No.76,Lane55,HongYuan Road,LuCheng District,WenZhou City
country: CN
phone: +86-15615310731
nic-hdl: WQ1077-AP
mnt-by: MAINT-CNNIC-AP
last-modified: 2018-03-26T23:26:Iranians arriving from the region will be admitted after testing negative twice for Covid-19,
coronavirus6 hours ago
According to Venu Rajamony, Consul General of India, the function would be held at the Indian Consulate Auditorium on April 26 and will start at 7.30pm.
Entry to the talk — which is supported by Borders Book Store, an Al Maya Group Company — is free.
Born in London in 1956, Dr Tharoor was till recently Under-Secretary-General for Communications and Public Information in the United Nations.
Kamal Vachani, Director Al Maya Group, said it was indeed a privilege to sponsor the event featuring of such an award-winning author, who was the official candidate of India to succeed UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan in 2006. Dr Tharoor came a close second out of seven contenders in the race.
Dr Tharoor’s five non-fiction books include: Reasons of State (1981), a study of Indian foreign-policy making; India: From Midnight to the Millennium (1997), which was cited by former US president Bill Clinton in his address to the Indian parliament; Nehru: The Invention of India (2003) a biography of India’s first prime minister, and a collection of literary essays, Bookless in Baghdad (2005)..Oil quenching & tempering spring steel wire 1.Material:50crsia, 55crsia, 60si2mna, 67crva, 65mn, 70#, 67a, B10 10 The material is loose steel scrap processed through an incinerating plant for domestic waste followed by magnetic separation, fragmentized into pieces and consisting partly of tin coated steel cans. At a visual inspection, the 65mn Annealed Spring Steel WireGeneral Introduction:Spring steel wires can be oil hardened and tampered spring steel wire, Wire Materials:Steel 65MN, 60Si2MnA, 55CrSi, 50CrV, T2B. Annealed Spring Steel AISI 1050, 1095, 1074 & 1075 Specs . Mead Metals Inc. stocks annealed spring steel in an array of grades, and in sizes and quantities to match any requirements.
Elastic round wire including S50C, 65Mn, 60Si2Mn, 50CrVA, 51CrV4, 55CrMnA, SK85, SK5, SUP10. We can produce in sizes of 1.0mm - 21mm, non - 6.3mm or more as well as straight strands, tensile strength required by customers. CHANGSHU FENGYANG SPECIAL STEEL CO., LTDIn addition, the 55CrSiA, 50CrVA grades are materials with good machinability and durability. The yield and strength ratio are better than other steel materials. It is therefore able to withstand higher loads, especially suitable for springs with high stress tolerance and strict fatigue resistance requirements. China 50crva Steel, 50crva Steel Manufacturers, Suppliers China 50crva Steel manufacturers - Select 2020 high quality 50crva Steel products in best price from certified Chinese U Steel manufacturers, I Steel suppliers, wholesalers and factory on Made-in-China 50crva 55crsia 55si2mn Hot Rolled Spring Steel Bar Wire Rod Flat Bar . FOB Price:US 55crsiA steel material 1000 / Ton Min. Order:1 Ton. spring steel
Detailed info about China supply WEEE custom for electronics nickel plating SUS304 coil spring. Contact Taiwan Compression Spring supplier-JMS SPRING ENTERPRISE CO., LTD. for High Quality coil spring, coil spring compression spring Details, Compression Springs, Shock Spring, Compression Spring on Cold - Drawn Spring Steel Wire65mn 60SI2MNA 55CRSI Henan Fu Ruide offers high-strength, higher-toughness and harD-wearing cold - drawn expecting.
Data Table for Steel Grades:55CrSiA Mechanical properties of grade steel:55CrSiA Chemical composition % of the ladle analysis of steel grade:55CrSiA C(%) Si(%) Mn(%) P(%) S(%) Cr(%) Despite growth in usage of aluminium, it is still the main material for car bodies. Steel is used in a variety of other construction materials, such as bolts Material - Yongjia Sanhe Spring Co., Ltd.MATERIAL. Our company stock over 50 tonnes of more than 20 steels. We can supply springs with short lead times. Raw material:Carbon steels (60Si2MnA,50CrV4,55CrSiA,65Mn) Stainless steels (304,316,631) Alloys (Inconel X-750,Inconel 718,Inconel 600 Metal Framing at Menards®Please Note:Prices, promotions, styles and availability may vary by store and online. Inventory is sold and received continuously throughout the day; therefore, the quantity shown may not be available when you get to the Oil Quenching and Tempering Alloy Spring Steel Wire65mn Henan Fu Ruide offers high-strength, higher-toughness and harD-wearing oil quenching and tempering alloy SAE-AISI 9254 (G92540) Silicon-Chromium Steel Cited properties are appropriate for the annealed condition. 9254 is the designation in both the SAE and AISI systems for this material. G92540 is the UNS number. The graph bars on the material properties cards below compare SAE-AISI 9254 steel to:SAE-AISI wrought steels (top), all iron alloys (middle), and the entire database (bottom).
(1) We have a professional team making material market research to purchase the best raw material at the best price. (2) All the products are directly made by ourselves. It oil hardened and tempered spring steel wire rod 55CrSi DIN Oil quenching/hardened & tempering spring steel wire. 1.Material:50CrSiA,55CrSiA,60Si2MnA,67CrVA,65Mn,70#,67A,67B,72A,72B. 2.Application :for motor
Heavy Steel Plate, Steel Plate for Bridge Building, Carbon Steel Plate manufacturer / supplier in China, offering Tempered High Strength Low Alloy Steel Plate for Automotive Industry, China Corrugated 55crsiA steel material Steel Zinc Roof Sheet Prices, Factory Low Price P20/ 3Cr2Mo Plastic Mold Steel Plate Sheet Building Material and so on. 50crva 55crsia 55si2mn Hot Rolled Spring Steel Bar Wire 50crva 55crsia 55si2mn Hot Rolled Spring Steel Bar Wire Rod Flat Bar Product Introduction 50CrVA spring steel is a kind of steel with good mechanical and technological properties and high hardenability.
Please Click here
Your email address will not be published. Required fiels are marked“NOW I heard the birds rejoicing in the soft returning spring / Full of pleasure were their motions as they spread the glittering wing / While I gaze I spied a snow-drop's tiny bud just bursting through / It hath borne the winter's darkness with a spirit meek and true.”
These lines come from a poem by Alan Stevenson, eldest son of Robert Stevenson who built the Bell Rock lighthouse twelve miles off the coast from Arbroath and was father of the remarkable four generation dynasty of Scottish lighthouse engineers. Alan rented Kirkside House near St Cyrus and this is one of several poems he wrote there, originally in Greek, as a diversion in his spare time. People did that sort of thing in those days, as an intellectual exercise just to show that they could.
Alan Stevenson was as prolific a builder of lighthouses as his father. He built the Little Ross light on the island of that name at the mouth of Kirkcudbright Bay, next door to the Solway Firth. Our son James's in-laws rented the lighthouse keepers' cottages as a holiday home when they fell empty after the light was automated.
Alan's brothers David and Thomas built Scurdie Ness light at Montrose. Thomas married a Miss Balfour of Mall House, Montrose and they begat Robert Louis Stevenson, one of Scotland's finest writers, who is reputed to have said that every time he smelt the sea he knew he wasn't far from the work of his family. I grew up just along the road from Mall House at number 32 The Mall. Sometimes you can hardly walk out the door without tripping over history.
It's tempting to think that the young Robert Louis visited Kirkside House as a child to play with his cousins. If he ever stayed for a sleepover he'd have seen his grandfather's winking light on the Bell Rock as he climbed the stairs with his candle lighting the way to bed.
It's the time of year when folk write to newspapers claiming to have seen or heard the “first of spring”, be it snowdrops, cuckoos or even Easter eggs. I have a rather splendid wooden cuckoo call which produces a most realistic note. I've half a mind to drive up a glen in February and sit behind a rock and blow my cuckoo call, and see if it produces a flurry of excitement in the Letters to the Editor or Craigie Column!
In the past I've accused Macbeth of being a fair weather dog and maybe I've been a bit hard on him, for I sometimes find myself looking for the soft option too. There's a slatted shelf above the stove in the kitchen where I leave my cap, and when it's time to take the dogs out and face the elements I reach for my pre-heated bunnet. Bliss!Top Ladbrokes Sports Promotions 2021
Ladbrokes is deeply invested in all areas of promotions on their sportsbook and do regularly offer specifics to their new and existing customers to go alongside longstanding bonuses and other such deposit based awards. We’re going to talk about the ongoing Ladbrokes sports bonuses and what you can get as a Ladbrokes customer.
Ladbrokes Sport Promo Code for New Customers
New customers are a key demographic to target for a gambling company of any size whether they are one, two or all product based. Ladbrokes, as a primary UK sports betting company, offer new customers a few different, and constant, promotions to open an account as well as some different concessions at different points of the season for extra enticement. The sport promotions are one of the most interesting.
Ladbrokes New Customer Offer: Bet £5 Get £20
When signing up for a new Ladbrokes account, you may be eligible for a promotional offer as an incentive. The current offer is Bet £5 Get £20 for which no promo code is needed.
Odds Enhancements
From time to time, as an extra hook for new customers, Ladbrokes will enhance some shorter price big name teams to be astronomically high in their odds for a set stake only for new users.
For example, for the recent Champions League match between CSKA and Manchester United, Ladbrokes enhanced Manchester United to win to 25/1 for a max bet of £1 per new customer.
Virtual Sports
Virtual Sports aren’t everybody’s cup of tea, which is something most people working in the industry or people who are involved in the industry would agree on – but they’re still growing, still popular and still attractive all across the different sporting preference people that like a flutter on sports betting.
Racing Weekender
Another Virtual Racing offer but one more combined with reality. If you like horse racing, real or virtual, then this offer combines them both for you wonderfully!
Which Are the Other Ladbrokes Promo Codes?
Ladbrokes have a huge promo code offers for the different sections of this site, when applicable.
- Sports betting promo code
- Casino promo code
- Poker promo code
- Bingo promo code
- Exchange promo code
You can find all the details, like the offers and the terms and conditions, in the homepage of this website.Starchway is for those with surcrose and/or starch intolerance. It is also helpful for those with Congenital Sucrase-Isomaltase Deficiency (CSID), and has shown activity for maltose intolerance. It is taken at the time of the meal or drink, and contains the enzymes Invertase and Glucoamylase.
Directions for use: Take one to three capsules with liquid (or twist open capsule and place contents in liquid and stir) immediately before eating/drinking a product containing either sucrose and/or starch. Lasts for approximately 30 to 45 minutes. Maximum of 15 capsules daily.
Contains per capsule: Invertase 7500iu, Glucoamylase 2500iu. Excipients: calcium carbonate, dextrose. HPMC capsule suitable for vegetarians. The enzyme Invertase is derived from the yeast Saccharomyces Cerevisiae. Glucoamylase is derived from the mould Aspergillus Niger.
Please note, sucrose and starch are not part of the FODMAP group, but are carbohydrates that people can be intolerant too similarly to the FODMAPs.
Monash University Low FODMAP Certified trade marks used under licence in Australia by Disolut. One serve of this product can assist with following the Monash University Low FODMAP diet™. A strict low FODMAP diet should not be commenced without supervision from a healthcare professional. Monash University has assessed this product as being low in FODMAPs but has not assessed its suitability as a therapeutic good. Monash University receives a licence fee for use of the Monash University Low FODMAP Certified trade marks.I’d love to connect you to resources to maintain a more financially independent life. I think personal finance and minimalism have a lot in common and go hand-in-hand. Here, I’ll link you to some of my favorite books, blogs, and other resources to get you started on your journey. Check this page often, because it will grow as this blog does.
Books
Quit Like A Millionaire by Kristy Shen & Bryce Leung
This book was recommended to me by one of my money mentors, and I was able to finish this book within three days of receiving it (okay, there was a weekend involved). It’s an amazing book about how to save, invest, and strategically make your money yours. Kristy and Bryce’s book provides you with the tools necessary to think like a millionaire, even for those of us who make less than $50k per year. Kristy started out in life with very little, and she was able to retire from her career as a 31-year-old millionaire. She writes about her strategies for doing so.
The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up: The Japanese Art of Decluttering and Organizing by Marie Kondo
This book changed my entire outlook on stuff, which also changed my outlook on the things I choose to spend my money on. Marie Kondo’s approach involves discarding items that don’t serve a purpose or spark joy. She’ll walk you through the steps of minimizing your clothing, books, papers, miscellaneous items, and sentimental belongings. She doesn’t shame you for the volume of things you own, but rather helps you pair down your items so you can see and use the beautiful things you love.
The Simply Path To Wealth: Your road map to financial independence and a rich, free life by JL Collins
This is my current read, and it’s a fantastic book for those who may not know what to do when it concerns investing. Collins makes investing really simple and accessible to most people–and the tools in this book will allow you to become a DIY investor. It’s a great read!
Blogs
A short-list of the personal finance &/Or minimalism blogs I love
- Millennial Revolution
- Mr. Money Mustache
- Tread Lightly, Retire Early
- Mr. Simple Life
- Keeping up with the Bulls
- Bitches get Riches
- All Options Considered
This page may contain affiliate links. Please see my Disclaimer page for more details.12 images Created 1 Apr 2014
Where We Stand
Homelessness.Informer for binary options, Trading Binary
Content
Give no space for fear, worry, and doubts to restrain your capabilities. You must fantasize for more until you will have everything you ever hoped informer for binary options Hey Peeps! I would like to advise you that I consider myself as one of those type of person who are extremely meticulous in terms of believing anything done over the computer. I know of some automated robots on Binary Options Trading, but never did I imagine that they can actually perform good work.
I visualize it as near to impossible.
How To Find The Strength In Best Binary Option Xtreme Binary Bot System ?
One sunny day, a pal of mine, who at that time was using one of the automated robots called Binary Informer aimed to alter my belief towards it. He exposed to me how it performs online and the amount of cash that he is presently getting because of this software. He also stated that he hardly profited as huge as what he has generated at present compared to the time when he informer for binary options still applying the manual trading. But I am not still confident of it unless of course I am doing it.
As a result, my pal challenged me to be a member on Binary Informer homepage to validate that this software is not similar to other bots.
I accepted it so that I can make him realize that he is wrong. Nonetheless, what I knew was undoubtedly marvelous!
Nothing to pay, not now and not ever! No CC needed.
This algorithm completely deducts the danger involved with slashing the period needed for trading. All forex investors are aware of the fact that it is very strenuous to fight the brokers.
Binary Options
Sean spoke about the problem with Forex trading is that there is a very large space for guessing and broker interference. Forex trading has become enormously dangerous due to the economic and financial fluctuations in the world as well because of the truth that the brokers can play with the market price at any given time. What does the product offer? The product is promoted as software that will precisely foresee the patterns allowing income generating trading of binary options.
How does the product work? The program is the first to look trends allowing you to act on the correct call on the direction and earning. What is Binary Options? Permit me to share with you all the meaning of Binary Options. It is defined as a type of option where the payoff is everything or nothing. It needs the trader to hypothesize on whether the value of an asset, a product traded on the financial markets, e.
Trading Binary
Facebook stock or the Eurowill rise or fall within a given period of time. For this very reason, Binary Options can be too plain to understand and trade than that of traditional options. Binary Options are cash-settled just the same as European-style options which signify that it can only be practiced on the date of expiration.
You have to always crave for more! Hello folks! I want to let you know that I am one of the many people who are very skeptical when it comes to doing transactions online.
If, at termination, the options settle in-the-money, the buyer or seller of the stock will get a pre-specified dollar amount. In the same way, how to earn bitcoins very quickly the options settle out-of-the-money, the buyer or seller of the options will get nothing.
- Reviews about binary options is it really possible to earn
- Binary options on btcon
- Binary Informer | Learn How to Trade Binary Options
- Никто ни в чем его не обвинит.
- - Подумайте, - предложил .
This produces an identified upside gain or downside loss risk evaluation. Not like traditional options, Binary Options grant full payout due to a single pip movement.
It is an automated binary options trading software that has the advantage of being connected to large bank databases and is privy to a lot of their trading information. What this does is to enable Binary Informer to detect market trends before most traders get the message.
Summary: It cannot be denied that this Binary Informer really does magic. At the moment I accepted the test, I constantly have that fear of coming up with the wrong move.
I am not comfortable doing transactions online more than ever when it involves in earning profit given that there are immeasurable number of scam artists who wanted to take advantage.
I do not wish to be one of their victims. But I grasped the fact that fear is a selection. I have to be strong enough to face it and effort to tackle it. I opt to face it all, and I feel complete that I did! What I like about this product: It does all the job for me. It has a unique microscopic view of emerging trends and is the first to spot any trend information and reversal.
You are left only with the option of if you want to quit your job or quit it to enjoy a quiet life. You will have the freedom you hoped for.
You have to download the program to your computer. I would prefer reading than listening to a video. To sum it up: All my life I always contain the fear of doing actions if money is informer for binary options stake, and the main reason why I am not a gambler. When I allowed the challenge and tested the product, I then came to realize something about my being.
I became aware that have lived life with an awful lot of apprehension. I let fear be in command of me in doing things that might have been perfect things if I only did not allow my fear to make the decisions on my behalf.
Binary Informer
Binary Informer is solely a bit of software that was designed by someone who took danger to hound all the answers to his questions. And he eventually produced a super software that absolutely works in providing us the pleasure we are looking for with automated robots. And you know what? There are two common factors the rich people in the world have; they at all times desire for more informer for binary options surpass their worries.
Life is a probability. We can surely decrease informer for binary options amount of danger that we have undergone in our lives but if in case we follow this routine all the time, we can wind up with lives that are dull and mundane. If I allowed fear to get in the way, then I was not able to unravel how impressive this product is.
No one might know what the future is in store for us, but this program can! It has the capability to forecast things that you were not aware of. Do not ever reviews about making money on the Internet without investments allow fear hold you back.
One must always want for more if your goal is to have all the worldly materials that you wanted. Never get fear to come in your way if you are aiming for solutions to your problems.
You will never know exactly what you may discover at the end of the tunnel. Share this:.James Courtier-Dutton wrote: > Ah! but Project A and Project B might be using the same one, they > just don't know! ;-) Doesn't matter -- the dealbreaker is not differences or similarities between the two projects, but in the differing environments, circumstances surrounding the two. Not the content, but the /context/. A joke good to us ("Never trust a program if you don't know its source") will get you marked down for spouting truisms among the noncognoscenti. The context kills it -- not the content. A & B may be ostensibly identical, but the training regime may be different, so might issue-tracking in the live system. And after those have been 'fixed' we've lost what little internal insight we had intp whether training was best done one way, or another. We might also drive issue-tracking vendor B to the wall and discover that vendor A, now a monopoly provider, has us over a barrel. > Me thinks I will sound like I am quoting "Yes > Minister" soon. Quote ." I couldn't ... *possibly* ... comment! Cheers, -- Alistair Mann -- Gllug mailing list - Gllug at gllug.org.ukWhat are the Palestinians up to?
By Rabbi Dow Marmur.
A victory of the Herzog-Livni alliance in Israel’s elections next March would lead to serious negotiations that could result in the establishment of a Palestinian state. Both Livni and Herzog aren’t only committed in principle to a two-state solution – i.e., a Palestinian state – but they have in the past worked towards that end. No doubt they’ll pursue it more vigorously when at the helm.
On the other hand, a victory for Netanyahu’s team or – which is a growing possibility – a team to the right of him, would lead to the very opposite.
Why then are the Palestinians implicitly helping the right-wing in Israel to get re-elected? For that’s the likely outcome of their encouragement of the boycott movement (BDS) and their pursuit of aggressive diplomacy in the United Nations, Europe and elsewhere. The moves to get the world to punish Israel by making vacuous pronouncements about a Palestinian state as a posture will limited consequences is grist to the mill for right-wingers like Naftali Bennett and Avigdor Lieberman. Even Netanyahu uses the current situation to make the Israeli public support him.
Is it just Palestinian ineptitude? The proverbial Palestinian ability never to miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity? Or is there something more sinister afoot?
I’m tempted to answer the last question in the affirmative. In view of the Hamas takeover of Gaza after the Israeli withdrawal, and considering the enmity between the Palestinian Authority under Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas, despite the periodic gestures of reconciliation and cooperation, it’s not impossible that Abbas and his team prefer the status quo to risking ceding the West Bank to Hamas after a peace deal with Israel.
Abbas must know that his current antics on the international arena are hardening the arteries of Israeli voters and thus killing the prospect of a two-state solution. Though Lieberman seems to be marginally more circumspect in his pronouncements, Bennett is quite blunt in his opposition to granting statehood to the Palestinians.
[Lieberman is, of course, determined to use European hostility to his electoral advantage. As Israel’s foreign minister he has just refused to see his Swedish counterpart on a visit to the region. Some are seeing this as a pre-election spin.]
The fact that Jordan, ostensibly Israel’s friend in the Arab world, is fronting the Palestinian efforts in the United Nations may mean that it, too, prefers the status quo to a Palestinian state run by Hamas on its borders. Egyptian silence can also be seen in this light: the last thing Egypt would want is a strengthened Hamas.
US Secretary of State John Kerry is, seems to be acting in response to this and even prepared to say so in public. That’s why he’s now urging a delay in the United Nations debate until after the Israeli elections.
But the damage may have already been done: the Israeli public has been alerted and, therefore, more motivated to re-elect Netanyahu and vote for the right-wing in order to make sure that, whatever the United Nations and the others come up with won’t make Israel yield an inch. The various hostile moves in the world will only strengthen Israel’s resolve to do nothing and wait.
Should Netanyahu and his political allies win the next election they may have good reason to thank Palestinian diplomacy for it.
Jerusalem 20.12.14 (Motza’ei Shabbat)
[green_message] To read all of Rabbi Marmur’s posts from Israel, please click here. [/green_message]
Leave a ReplyWant to join the discussion?
Feel free to contribute!Primary Fibromyalgiaro- myalgia is based on the history of the patient and on the clinical observation of tender points (figure 1). The prevalence of fibro-myalgia in the general population is 0.5 to 1%. Most (75 to 90%) of the patients are women, usually between 25 and 45 years of age; children are rarely affected.
Figure 1. Tender point sites in fibromyalgia.
The American College of Rheumatology has set criteria for the classification of fibromyalgia (figure 2).
Figure 2. The American College of Rheumatology 1990 criteria for the diagnosis of fibromyalgia.
Diagnosis
Other ailments with similar symptoms must be excluded. Widespread pain must be present for at least three months. In addition there must be pain in 11 of the 18 tender point sites shown in figure 1 when pressed by an examiner’s finger.
Rheumatoid Arthritis 3).
Figure 3. Criteris for the diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis. 1.
Table 1. Guidelines for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis
Spondylarthropathies
Epidemiology and aetiology 2).
Table 2. Infections known to trigger reactive arthritis
Signs and symptomsarthro- pathy (Dougados et al. 1991).
Inflammatory low back pain
or
Joint inflammation (synovitis):
- asymmetric
- predilection to low extremities
and
at least one of the following:
- positive family history for spondylarthropathy
- psoriasis
- inflammatory bowel disease
- buttock pain changing from side to side
-
Epidemiology and aetiology.
Signs and symptoms
The natural course of gout runs through several stages from a- sympt).
Infectious Arthritis
Epidemiology and aetiology.
Signs and symptoms.
Osteoporosis
Epidemiology and aetiology.
Signs and symptoms.
Bone Cancer
Epidemiology and aetiology.
Signs and symptoms
Epidemiology and aetiology.
Signs and symptoms
Acute bone infection of the long bones is associated with fever, chills and bone pain. Spinal osteomyelitis can cause more vague symptoms with progressive pain and low-grade fever. Infections around a prosthesis cause pain and tenderness when moving the operated joint.Moto thwarts a ruthless band of international agents who try to foment an international incident by mining the entrance to the Suez Canal and blaming the British.
Cast
Peter Lorre as Mr. Kentaro Moto (a.k.a. Mr. Kiroki)
Ricardo Cortez as Fabian the Great
Virginia Field as Connie Porter
John Carradine as Danforth (a.k.a. Richard Burke)
George Sanders as Eric Norvel
Joan Carroll as Mary “Marie” Delacour (credited as Joan Carol)
Robert Coote as Rollo Venables
Margaret Irving as Madame Delacour
Leyland Hodgson as Captain Bert Hawkins
John Davidson as Hakim
Teru Shimada as the Fake Mr. MotoIn 1984 Michael Johnston established a public accounting firm providing tax and accounting services to Baton Rouge and the surrounding area.
Beginning as a sole practitioner with a staff of one paraprofessional the firm expanded services to include business consulting, auditing and unique skills in the Student Financial Assistance field. The firm continued expansion and increased staffing resulting in the full service firm that extended services to Southeast United States in 1992, when Richard Hayden joined the firm with over ten years experience in governmental auditing and public accounting. In May 1997 the firm of Johnston & Hayden was formed and in December 1997 the firm established offices in its current location, at 13360 Coursey Boulevard in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The current firm employees four Certified Public Accountants in a total staff of six individuals qualified and dedicated to serve our clients accounting needs. Our entire staff has developed and is devoted to our mission.
OUR MISSION
Firm Philosophy
.Ideas that connect. Tech marketing campaigns that reach.
Creativity comes through clarity. It always boils down to understanding your customers, why your technology matters to them, and what’s getting in the way of change. As a B2B tech marketing agency, that’s our challenge, and we bring it together in an idea that pings.
Then we campaign the hell out of it, pinpointing the audience, plotting the journey, creating brilliant content – changing attitudes, influencing behaviour, driving leads and opportunities.
Thinking smart, delivering greatness for B2B tech brands
Greatness. It’s what we strive for. And we know it when we feel it. Our job is to make your tech great and connect you with the B2B audiences that matter.
Be it Digital Transformation, Electronics, Robotics, Automation, Telecoms, SaaS, FinTech, RegTech, EdTech, BioTech and every other form of ‘Tech’; we have the B2B marketing experience and expertise in all the right places to help you get there:
Be it Digital Transformation, Electronics, Robotics, Automation, Telecoms, SaaS, FinTech, RegTech, EdTech, BioTech and every other form of ‘Tech’; we have the B2B marketing experience and expertise in all the right places to help you get there:
Brand & Proposition
Building from your essence outwards, creating singularity of purpose, value propositions, and visual identities for the tech brands that will lead the world.
Digital Strategy
Transforming your digital presence; insight, analytics, and expertise to extend your ownership over your digital world.
Search Marketing
SEO and SEM planning, implementation, reporting, and recommendation that build and optimise your online presence.
PR and Influencer
Press when it’s needed. Broadcast wherever possible. Influencers for sure. Creative campaigns that land. We call it Smart PR.
Content and Social
Content and social that supercharges the stuff your audience is genuinely interested in – podcasts, video, blogs, infographics, whitepapers, hero content – and helps you achieve your search, PR, and brand strategies.
Webinars, Live Streams & Podcasts
Connecting you with the global B2B audiences that matter – planning, content, production, and promotion of world-class webinars, virtual events, live streams, and podcasts.
Account-Based Marketing (ABM)
B2B to our boots, we understand how business works, and we know how to build on relationships.
Web, UX, Apps
From customer insight to UX design, dev, and testing: creating tech-oriented, human-friendly websites and hubs where conversations become conversions.
Research & Insight
From customer journey mapping, heatmapping, and brand tracking – our network of global research partners bring clarity where and when it is needed most.
Transformative tech marketing for world-leading brands
When we say we’re experts at Tech Marketing, we mean FinTech, RegTech, MarTech, EdTech and BioTech. We also mean AI, Machine Learning, Robotics, Automation and Industry 4.0; and all the tech that hasn’t happened yet but will make a seismic impact very soon.
But most of all we mean Transformation.
Just some of the world-leading B2B tech brands who trust Fox Agency.
Get in touch
If you’re a B2B tech brand with big goals and even bigger ambitions, you’re in the right place.Ifran Countertop Wine Rack, Metal
SKU: SKU: WR1429
Ifran Modern Countertop Wine Rack, Gold Metal, 12 Square Bottle Holders. If you're only an occasional sipper, a wine cellar probably isn't essential. Keep a few bottles on hand for dinner parties and impromptu gatherings with this Ifran Countertop Wine Rack. Crafted from metal in a gold finish, this Ifran Countertop Wine Rack fits up to twelve bottles with your choice of reds, whites, or bubblies.
Key Features:
- Finish: Gold
- Materials: Metal
- Powder Coated Finish
- Overall Weight: 5.5 LBS
- Overall Dimensions: 12.5"W x 8"D x 15"H
- Bottle Holder Size: 4"W x 8"D x 4"H
- Felt Pade Beneath To Prevent Countertop From Scratching
- Assembly Not.Introduction
Countries around the globe — including the United States — are using coercive interrogation techniques in the fight against terrorism that critics say amount to torture. Despite international laws banning the practice, authoritarian nations have long abused prisoners and dissidents, and a handful of democracies have used torture in recent decades against what they considered imminent threats. Republican presidential candidates say they would authorize torture to prevent impending terrorist attacks. U.S. soldiers in Iraq say they would torture suspects to save the lives of their comrades. Human rights advocates worry the use of torture by the United States is legitimizing its use globally and destroying America's moral authority to speak out against regimes that abuse prisoners in far worse ways. U.S. officials credit “enhanced interrogation” methods with averting terrorist attacks. But many experts say information gained by torture is unreliable.
Subject
Provide Feedback
Suggest a topic here.
Take our survey to help us improve CQ Researcher!Appeals Court sets date for Newsom abuse of emergency powers case
Last updated 3/24/2021 at 3:07pm
The Recall Governor Newsom campaign has gathered over 2 million signatures which is more than it needed to qualify for the ballot. Meanwhile, the governor is still defending his COVID-19 lockdown measures, which limited Californians right to work and worship, in court.
State Sen. Kevin Kiley’s case against Gov. Gavin Newsom will be heard by the 3rd District Court of Appeal in Sacramento, Tuesday, April 20, at 9:30 a.m. Newsom is appealing the Superior Court’s ruling that he abused his emergency powers.
In November, Newsom had his first loss in court. The Superior Court ruled that his o...
For access to this article please sign in or subscribe.
Reader Comments(0)Target Freight Management, Inc. (TFM), a leading freight logistics company founded in Pittsburgh, PA, is opening a brand new office in the heart of Tampa Bay, FL.
The addition of the Tampa office brings Target Freight to six locations nationwide, headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, and with operations in Florida, Iowa, New York, North Carolina, and Texas. TFM’s Tampa office also includes space for future expansion.
TFM considered several markets as possible locations for its new office before ultimately selecting Tampa Bay based on a variety of positive factors.
“We searched multiple markets and found Tampa to be the most plentiful in terms of potential employees who had the best mix of experience, talent, and a strong desire to work,” says Tim Carey, EVP of Strategy at Target Freight Management. “Some of our new Tampa Bay hires have previous experience in flatbed hauling or B2B sales, which is always helpful. But what really stood out to me was how quickly they developed a team mentality and a positive energy as they worked with our training team to help solve our clients’ ever-changing supply chain problems.”
TFM’s new Tampa Bay employees will augment the company’s real-time freight logistics, sales, and customer service efforts.
With shipping costs and turnaround times for most U.S. freight on the rise due to a worldwide supply chain slowdown that largely stems from the COVID–19 pandemic, TFM’s Tampa Bay team will focus on finding new transportation solutions for shippers whose freight may be moving slowly through backlogged and understaffed U.S. ports.
“The supply chain problems that now affect every industry are unfortunately not going away anytime soon,” says Mike Wagner, the founder and CEO of Target Freight who has added a personal residence in the Tampa Bay area, additional to his hometown of Pittsburgh. “As a result, TFM is dedicated to investing in the right people and the right technology that enables us to solve supply chain problems on a real-time, shipment-by-shipment basis, so our clients’ business can keep moving forward.”
-It is currently Fri Nov 26, 2021 11:23 pm
- 45 users online :: 1 registered, 0 hidden and 44 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
Most users ever online was 1247 on Mon Jun 07, 2021 3:11 am
Statistics
Total posts 19584 • Total topics 2728 • Total members 14519 • Our newest member Colmines92Established in 1970, Elegant Watch & Jewellery has rooted in Hong Kong China for nearly half a century. Renowned for its professionalism and quality service, it has become a leading player in high-end watch and jewellery retail.
Elegant provides one-stop quality service to its clients, bringing together high-end timepieces and jewellery. With multiple multi-brand and branded boutiques in Hong Kong’s most popular shopping malls, Elegant provides the most sought-after masterpieces to its clients. Elegant acts for over 50 international renowned watchmaking brands, including independent watchmakers. Moreover, Elegant also gathers the most elegant and rare certified diamonds and jewellery for its clients.
To provide a caring and professional service, staff from different positions in Elegant will receive on-the-job training, including product history, knowledge on Haute Horlogerie and conversational skills regularly.
1970
First Multi-brand Elegant boutique opened in Ocean Terminal, Tsim Sha Tsui
2002
With the opening of boutiques in Times Square, Causeway Bay and Ocean Terminal, Tsim Sha Tsui, Elegant has further developed its network to become a major player in the industry
2003
Multi-brand Elegant flagship store opened in Ocean Terminal, Tsim Sha Tsui
2007
Awarded “Hong Kong Iconic Brand” by East Week Magazine
Awarded “PROChoice (high-end timepieces retailer)” by Capital Weekly
Elegant collaborated with different international brands to set up boutique in major shopping malls, including A. Lange & Söhne, Cartier, Chopard, FRANCK MULLER, Girard-Perregaux, IWC, Jaeger-LeCoultre, Omega, Panerai, and TAG Heuer etc.
2009
Awarded “Golden Ring Award (Best Retail Boutique)” by Watch Critics
2012
Multi-brand boutique in Times Square, Causeway Bay opened, showcasing over 10 top brands
2013
Awarded “Hong Kong Iconic Brand” by East Week Magazine
2015
Awarded “Social Caring Pledge” by Social Enterprise Research Academy
2016
Awarded “5th Outstanding Corporate Social Responsibility Award” by The Mirror
2017
Awarded “6th Outstanding Corporate Social Responsibility Award” by The Mirror
2018
QTS certified merchant of the Quality Tourism Services Scheme for 15 consecutive yearsTHANK YOU
Your registration for Mundy’s Harbour has been received.
Please stay tuned to your inbox for upcoming new project updates and launch information as they become available.
A member from our Summerhill Homes client care team will be contacting you in the weeks to come.
Illustrations are artist’s concept. Pricing and information subject to change without notice.The 21st century monarchs of Europe have pioneered a modern approach to royal life. None more so than King Felipe VI of Spain, who with gentle grace and reserve has reigned over the European nation since 2012. Known for his natural charm and respect for the duties of the Crown, King Felipe VI has remarked that he embodies “…the renewed monarchy for a new time.”
Born on January 30, 1968, in Madrid in Spain, King Felipe VI has followed in the footsteps of his royal father, Juan Carlos, with the assumption of the Crown. King Felipe VI’s early life was focused on receiving a strong education that would give him a significant understanding of all that his royal duties entail. This resulted in him studying for a degree in law, and subsequently a master’s in international relations. Beyond his educational achievements, King Felipe VI also spent the years before his coronation serving in the assorted military outfits of Spain. His primary responsibilities during this time were as a helicopter pilot, which earned him his helicopter pilot wings from both the Army and Navy. King Felipe VI began executing official duties as the heir apparent to the throne of Spain in the early 1990s. This involved supporting philanthropic causes, as well as fostering international fellowship between other Spanish speaking countries.
King Felipe VI’s inauguration to the role of sovereign came at a turbulent period for the monarchy of Spain. Several scandals regarding other high-ranking Spanish royals, including King Felipe’s father, Juan Carlos, had shaken the public’s trust and appreciation for the royal institution. In light of the prevailing tension in Spain, King Felipe VI’s ascent to the throne was guaranteed by his father’s abdication. King Felipe VI began his reign in 2012, with the ethos that “the Crown must constantly earn citizens’ appreciation, respect and trust.”
The monarchy of Spain is set within a constitutional structure, where the constitution grants certain discretional powers to the sovereign. Hence, King Felipe acts as a constitutional head of state for the region and in effect, personifies the enduring permanence of Spain. Crucially, King Felipe does not make any public policy decisions as a constitutional monarch. Instead, his official responsibilities require him to play an impartial role in mediating Spain’s political landscape, as well as holding the ceremonial position as commander-in-chief of the Spanish Armed Forces. He also holds an important function as the highest representative of Spain’s international relation efforts.
King Felipe VI has two children, Leonor and Sofia; the former of which is his heir presumptive. Aside from his royal duties, King Felipe VI has a significant interest in sailing sports. He even represented his country during the 1992 Barcelona Olympics as a member of the sailing team.I had a snarky first post all queued up but then blogger realized it was hungry. First it ate my fonts, then the paragraph format, then the links, and finally my browser. I think it’s being stern early on so later on down the road it can ease up.
Anyway, it’s late and I’ve been doing far too much work for too long this weekend and the caffeine is starting to wear off. I want to thank everyone here at Comments for bringing me into the fold, and to Fester the Newshogger for recommending me. I’m looking forward to this experience, and hope anyone reading this blog will not hesitate to enter into debate with me. I’m in this for the experience and for opinion pushback.
But before I bid you goodnight, I ask you to watch this.
I’m still mad about Fredo Gonzalez after that. What a cruel world. (5) City Amidon (2) Belfield (1) Carson (1) Center (2) Elgin (2) Glen Ullin (1) Halliday (1) Hazen (2) Killdeer (1) Mandan (1) (-) Medora (5) Pick City (2) Reeder (1) Regent (2) Scranton (1) Amenities Fishing (1) Hot Tub (1) Pet-Friendly (1) Restaurant on site (1) Restrooms (1) Filters selected: Clear all filters HU Lodging 4457 West River Rd, Medora, ND 58645 Come stay at the HU Ranch for a once-in-a-lifetime getaway! Located south of Medora, North Dakota, along the Little Missouri River, we offer some very unique experiences for you and your family. We… Read More > 701-623-4897 SouthwestWant to be blown away with statistics?
According to a study, YouTubers are far more popular with teens 13-18 than Hollywood stars. In fact, as Medium reports via their ranked list, YouTubers actually hold the top five spots on the chart.
“Drilling deeper into the survey, (Jeetendr) Sehdev (Celebrity branding authority).”
Check out the total list below. We kinda feel bad for anyone who isn’t above Paul Walker … looking at you, Katy Perry.
In reference to your lawn you know that it’s the highlight of your home, the very first thing people will see, and a neat yard is always attractive. When you’ve got plans for the summer and your grass just isn’t working with you, what can you do? You can keep trying what you have been and hope it works, or you can call the most revered name in lawn care and lawn service in and around the O’Fallon area: Lawn Authority. When it's the health of your lawn, you don’t want to take any chances. Choose the business that’s going to be there for you. Whether you’re looking at our lawn services or a custom irrigation system, Lawn Authority has been working with the community since 1981, keeping our close knit business the way we believe businesses should be: honest. Customer satisfaction has never been an issue with us, and our work speaks for itself; if the work was bad would the owner have kept mowing yards since he company; our fertilizer isn’t something you can just buy at a store, it’s custom ordered from a local vendor. When we said we take care of our customers, we weren’t kidding! Our owner grew up with grass and lawns and the local citizens of this city and always knew he could give back, so our rates are the fairest you’ll find for the best possible service in the area. We mentioned irrigation systems. Why should you want that when you can simply water your lawn yourself, right? Well if you’re one of those people with a full schedule, watering your lawn can easily – and quickly – fall to the end of your to-do list. A lawn sprinkler system can provide you with the ease of use you need to stay on the go while still maintaining an emerald shine that comes with healthy grass. But we know that there are people who are barely home, and also those that have a hard time getting up and moving the way they used to, so our full lawn service package is there to take care of all your needs. Whether you don’t have the time, need the help or just want a professional to ensure your lawn looks the best around, call us here at Lawn Authority and let us take care of you. Our thirty-four years of experience have proven our ability to keep customers coming back for more. With the big corporations in America treating you as nothing more than another dollar walking, let us bring back that family sensation you used to get from back in the day.La Misma Lyrics by Vicente Fernández from the Sony Pistas, Vol. 1 album - including song video, artist biography, translations and more: Con El Alma Herida. A1, La Misma. A2, Voy A Navegar. B1, Tu Amor Sonado. B2, Yo Quiero Ser Tu Amante. Ad. Notes. Hecho en Mexico Marca Registrada. Reviews. Add Review. Vicente Fernandez (Con La Misma tijera) Sony Volaste Mesa De Cantina Escalon por Escalon Si No te Quisiera Con Mis Propias Armas Check out Con La Misma Tijera by Vicente Fernández on Amazon Music. Stream ad-free or purchase CD's and MP3s now on The page contains the lyrics and English translation of the song "La Misma" by Vicente Fernandez. Lyrics. Con El Alma Herida Por Un Mal Carino. Vicente "Chente" Fernández Gómez (born 17 February ) is a Mexican retired singer, actor, and film producer. Nicknamed "El Charro de Huentitán" (The. - Enjoy the videos and music you love, upload original content, and share it all with friends, family, and the world on YouTube. Chords: E, A, D, Bm. Chords for Vicente Fernandez La Misma. Play along with guitar, ukulele, or piano with interactive chords and diagrams. Listen to Con La Misma Tijera on Spotify. Vicente Fernández · Song · Watch the video for La Misma from Vicente Fernández's 23 Kilates Musicales for free, and see the artwork, lyrics and similar artists.
Download Vicente Fernandez La Misma mp3 flac full album vinyl rip
22.10.202122.10.2021 | | 2 Comments
2 thoughts on “Download Vicente Fernandez La Misma mp3 flac full album vinyl rip”Max Verstappen reveals he will change the number on his car from 33 to ONE if he beats Lewis Hamilton to the F1 drivers’ title this season… as Red Bull star jokes it is a ‘smart’ move because he’ll be able to sell more merchandise!
- Max Verstappen is closing in on his first ever F1 title, as he leads Lewis Hamilton
- Verstappen admitted this week he will change from No 33 to No 1 if he wins title
- F1 rules state the champion can switch, but nobody has done it since 2014
- There are four races left of the season, and Dutch driver leads by 19 points
Red Bull superstar Max Verstappen has confirmed that he will change his F1 driver number from 33 to No 1 if he beats Lewis Hamilton to the title this season.
The Dutch driver, 24, is leading Hamilton by 19 points with just four races to go, but is already being asked about changes he would make should he win the championship.
F1’s rules state that a reigning champion can swap to No 1 if they desire and, although it has not been done since 2014, Verstappen says he would.
Max Verstappen will wave goodbye to the number 33 if he wins the drivers’ title this season
Verstappen is desperately trying to beat his rival Lewis Hamilton to the 2021 championship
Verstappen also joked that it would be good for merchandise if he changed to the No 1
‘Absolutely’, he responded to the question. ‘How many times do you have the opportunity to drive with No 1? And it’s good for merchandise as well, so it’s smart to do that!’
The last driver to make the change was Sebastian Vettel in 2014, while Hamilton has always opted to keep his No 44 after his seven winning titles.
The other F1 champion, Nico Rosberg, retired immediately after lifting the trophy.
The F1 roadshow rolls into Brazil this weekend, before races in Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Abu Dhabi to finish the 2021 season.
Despite closing in on the title, Verstappen says he is taking nothing for granted.
Brit Hamilton has always opted to keep his No 44 after each of his seven world titles
Verstappen has raced with the No 33 on his car for his entire F1 career to date
The last champion to change to the No 1 after winning the title was Sebastian Vettel in 2014
Speaking to reporters in Brazil, he said: ‘In four races, a lot of things can happen. We are looking good, but things can change very quickly. I already said that after the race in Mexico.
‘I mean, I’ve had a bigger lead already in the championship and that disappeared within two race weekends, so we have to again try to do the best we can here, and again after this weekend we will try again to try and win the race.
‘My approach every single weekend is the same, so we will not change that.’
Rudy Gobert, Myles Turner tussle ends in four ejections in Pacers win over Jazz
England boss Gareth Southgate ‘set to be offered huge £6m-a-year – DOUBLE his current salary’The Breath And The Brain
Breathing most of the time is unconscious and automatic. Consciously regulating our breath can help manage our moods, feelings and energy level.
If you observe a baby breathing, you see the inflow and outflow of air through the belly and chest. As we get older our breathing changes in response to our life experience and habits. Have you ever noticed what happens to your breath when you get tense, upset, or angry?
Simply spending a few moments breathing fully can be very calming and centring.
EXERCISE 1:
Try it for yourself - In a relaxed open position breathe slowly through your nose filling your lungs from bottom to top. As you do so you may feel an inner wave expanding first your belly, then rib-cage and finally into your chest.
Exhale in the same gentle slow way in the reverse direction – emptying the belly, ribs and then chest. Some people find counting the time taken to inhale and exhale helps to keep their mind focused.
Repeat these breaths 3 to 5 times, and notice how you feel.
EXERCISE 2:
Alternate Nostril breathing is an exceptionally relaxing, integrating practice that visibly settles the nervous system.
The alternate nostril breathing is the traditional way to help balance the left and right brain hemispheres. It increases oxygen to the cerebral tissues, helping to lower blood pressure and quiet the mind. It is known as one of the best exercises for reducing stress, anxiety, and insomnia.
Try doing five to 10 minutes of the balance breath before bed, or if you wake up in the middle of the night.
Sit in a comfortable upright position with your back straight. and slowly exhale.
Repeat
This is one round. All breathing should be gentle and not forced.
If your raised arm aches you can put a cushion across your legs and use it to support your elbow.
Once you feel comfortable with this, count how long you take to inhale and double the count for your exhale. So if you inhale for 4 seconds exhale for 8 (or gradually increase to this if not possible initially.)
Repeat up to 12 rounds, or up to 10 minutes.
#breathingexercise #breathingmeditation #alternatenostrilbreathing #bellybreathing #mindfulnessforclassrooms #mindfulnessforkids #mindfulnessforchildren #balancebreath #breathingCome along with Caloundra Cruise to experience the beauty, history and wildlife of the Pumicestone Passage Marine Park with its pristine waters and abundant birds or enjoy a spectacular sunset over the Glasshouse Mountains.
_________________________________________________________________________
ONLINE BOOKING
_________________________________________________________________________
CRUISES:
Classic Caloundra - Sunday, & Tuesday & Friday
10.30 am from Pelican Waters - returns in time for lunch.
Skipper's Choice - Wednesday & Saturday
10.30 am from Pelican Waters - returns in time for lunch.
Eco Explorer - Thursdays - 9.30 am.
Sunset Cruises will generally be offered on Tuesdays, Fridays & Saturdays. (Some may be booked out with private functions) Call or check below for availabilities.
Bus service hourly: example - 609 Bus departs Caloundra Bus Station at 8:55 am and arrives Pelican Waters Shopping Centre at 9:17 am - in good time to board the 9:30 am Thursday cruise. 609 bus at 9:55 am arrives 10:17 in time for the 10:30 am cruise on other days.
Corona Virus: Our boat has lots of space onboard (self distancing ok) and plenty of fresh sea air. To ensure we comply with regulations, we are limiting our maximum guest numbers to less than 50% capacity.
In these uncertain times, our new timetable, generally, one or two cruises per day in the morning, may be increased or decreased to suit demand. It may be that cruIses are cancelled at short notice. Call if in doubt. See schedule below.
REMINDER: NO PICK UP at TRIPCONY LANE JETTY.
We have a number of groups in the coming week, so some of our cruises are not available.
No public cruises
10.15am Classic Caloundra from Pelican Waters Tavern - available
SUNSET Cruise (BYO) from Pelican Waters - 5.30pm - FULLY BOOKED
Click on our Timetable for "when, where and how much".
Welcome aboard!!!
Note: Bookings are necessary to ensure seat availability and confirm departures
________________________________________________________________
Take one of our popular 1 hour 20 minute Classic Caloundra cruises (Sunday, Tuesday & Friday) or just for a change, the Skipper's Choice (Wednesday & Saturday) and discover this waterway’s rich sea faring history and marvel at the superb scenery of the Pumicestone Passage. See our Timetable Map & Fares page to plan your day – take the early cruise or one of the departures scheduled to return in time for a relaxing stop at Pelican Waters Tavern to enjoy lunch. Note: Wheelchair Access at Pelican Waters Tavern Jetty.
The Eco Explorer cruise on a Thursday takes you deep into the heart of this internationally significant region, home to over 300 bird species. Our Eco Explorer cruise for School Excursions can be tailored to your curriculum on a date to suit.
Sunset Cruise - BYO sunset cruise - Wed.
Gift Vouchers available for all cruises and more - Simple - just book a gift card online - or give us a call.The combination of a wide range of mobile devices, ISPs, screen sizes, and operating systems makes the field of mobile testing more difficult than ever. Today’s product companies face the dilemma of adapting to changing market trends and user expectations. Enterprises need to optimize coverage to meet the rapidly changing mobile arena.
If you are looking for a mobile test service provider, there are some considerations that potential customers should consider. A dedicated mobile testing facility that provides mobile test automation, provider capabilities to test device compatibility, and provider expertise as the primary services of a test package. Dedicated facility
The Mobile Test Lab is where all the major tests and quality assurances take place. Due to the reputation of the endangered business, test service providers need to provide the latest devices and emulators. Mobile testing is a challenge given the world of advanced technology facing the product business. Therefore, a trusted partner who can provide effective testing on a variety of service providers, operating systems, and devices is important.
Device compatibility Visit:-
Nowadays, device compatibility is a must. The test provider must have access to all major handheld devices. This allows you to test your application on all possible devices for the best user experience.
Experience and expertise
Best results can only be expected if the contracted mobile test service provider has a certain level of experience and knowledge. Discovering the expertise of a provider in the same domain as the program you are testing is an additional bonus. Access to advanced tools and technologies by vendors is another point that product companies need to consider before making a decision.
To summarize these prerequisites, there is a list of suggestions that companies should consider before choosing a QA provider. Is there a possible supplier?
• Certified and experienced team of mobile testers
• Access to the latest tools and technologies
• Ability to optimize test cases according to the latest trends in the mobile market.
• Mobile testing on all major operating systems
• A well-equipped lab for testing emulators and real devices.
Today, smartphones have replaced the traditional use of desktops and laptops. This change has affected not only customers, but also companies that always want to provide the best user experience. Whether it’s a business or another industry, mobile apps are the best way to reach your potential audience and promote your services and brands. In addition, there are many mobile devices on the market, and test service providers are essential to deliver high quality products.The United Nations Commissioner for Human Rights (UNHRC) has moved an intervention application in the Supreme Court on the Citizenship Amendment Act matter.
In an unprecedented move, the UN High Commissioner for Human Rights informed India’s Permanent Mission in Geneva yesterday that her Office had filed the intervention application.
Ministry of External Affairs spokesperson, Raveesh Kumar, reacting to the move by the UNHRC, said: “The Citizenship Amendment Act is an internal matter of India and concerns the sovereign right of the Indian Parliament to make laws. We strongly believe that no foreign party has any locus standi on issues pertaining to India’s sovereignty.”
“India is a democratic country governed by the rule of law. We all have utmost respect for and full trust in our independent judiciary. We are confident that our sound and legally sustainable position would be vindicated by the Hon’ble Supreme Court,” the MEA spokesperson added.
The Supreme Court is currently hearing petitions against the amended Citizenship Act.ObjectDock Plus 2 - 1.99 beta ------------------- -Added Explorer-view "Folder" tabs for use on tabbed docks! (Windows 7 only) -Added new default layout items based on what's pinned to your taskbar (Windows 7) or in QuickLaunch (Vista/XP) -Added changing the running-program indicator from within the new Settings dialog -Added ability to adjust the edge-offset of the running indicator -Added new "Choose Icon" dialog (Windows 7 or .NET 3.5 updated Vista only) -LNKs dropped a dock now have their custom icons recognized -Brought back "Quit" menu item -Improvements to tabbed dock resizing ability (where you can grab it to resize) -Improvements to weather-docklet accuracy. Fixed issue where it could get stuck with cached results. -Running-indicator graphic and its edge-offset is now specifiable in skins (a couple examples given) -.NET assemblies now pre-compiled on install and verified on each OD.exe run, to ensure the settings dialog and aero peek windows come up as quickly as possible -Fixed issue where activating Skype from the system tray would cause Skype to hang -Fixed issue where changing a dock's size while the Bubble effect is enabled could cause a freeze -Tweaked draggable-tabs (use right mouse button to rearrange) -Autohiding zooming-docks not functioning ideally on multiple monitors is a problem that will not ever be fixed. This problem exists in the free version as well and is fully discoverable in that regard. Due to the way in which the program's visuals are designed, it is simply not possible to fix the problem in a way that would also be acceptable from a performance standpoint.
Are you talking about the docks "hiding" on the shared edge by sliding between the monitors and remaining visible? Just not quite sure what you're referring to here. Thanks.
Hi Dave. Yes that is what is being referred to. Unfortunately a fix is just not possible
Vista32:
- some Microsoft programs - flip3d, synctoy - don't remember their chosen icon. Clearing the 'Point to target not link' checkbox fixes this.
- icon list for added folder in 'Change Icon' is no longer ordered alphabetically and must be manually selected each time (by clicking on the 'name' header)
- changing icon a few times produced crash
There are many great features available to you once you register. Sign Up
for a free account and browse the forums without ads.
I'm getting this when trying to update...
Decompression error. Access to the path 'C\Documents and Settings\All Users\Application Data\Stardock\Impulse\Temporary\ExtractedFiles\objectdockplus2\Base\Backgrounds\Tabs\BlackOps\Thumb.db' is denied.
The issue is with long path & file names. The decompression process breaks if the temporary files path becomes longer than Windows allows for (usually on XP Systems).To work around this, do the following:- Open Impulse- Click the blue menu button (upper left) and select "Preferences..."- Go to the Folders section, and press the "Change..." button under "Temporary Files Location".- Select or Create a folder right under the Root directory of one of your hard drives.- Close all the dialog boxes and restart ImpulseThen the download should work.
I get this when trying to change the icon via the properties.
Eek. Issues with the new Choose Icon dlg seem to be the #1 problem coming down thus far. Will be having to do some research on what could make browsing fail...
+1. Cannot change any icons. Please bring the old dialog back, it was perfect.
Fixes made to new dialog, we'll be doing an update on Monday. Perhaps once it's working properly we'll get a little better feedback on it.
Thanks Dewie! I forgot to edit this post last night. After posting I went and tried again and it worked fine. All I did was cancel the download/install and started over and it worked.
In the config screen, on the "Set Up Your Docks" tab, My tabbed docks no longer appear! i can only change my settings for my zoomer! [e digicons]#[/e]
the tabbed dock doesn't show in the settings?? oh gez, that is odd. screenshot please? / send your settings file to support (& tell them to pass along to jeff)? Win7?
Ditto!
At first I thought it was me because I had a symbolic link between were my dock icons are and were the Object Dock Icon library are. I thought I had created a circular indexing reference. I broke the link and then let windows reindex the whole PC.
I'm not flaming on anybody in particular but myself coming from the IT field want to know, didn't anybody test this before putting it out?
OS : Vista 64-bit SP3
Hope it gets resolved soon .. my dock looks like doodoo! ((((((
operating system: windows 7 - 64 bit
• i have noticed several occasions where clicking on something in the dock will no longer allow me proper control of windows afterwords until another action is performed [such as i've been hitting the start menu button on my keyboard]. for example, while checking whether the bugs i've already listed before were still present in this version before writing them down, i've lost the ability to type in this window until pressing the start button. in itunes, i've basically lost all functionality until pressing start.
• the start menu, when accessed by the start menu docklet, still does not display correctly on the right-hand side though it works perfectly when brought up by normal means or shortcuts [such as using the keyboard to call it]. simply adding a docklet that calls the start menu up normally rather than making it hover near where the icon is positioned in your dock would seem an acceptable compromise. since the docklets are generally bundled with object dock from the wincustomize library rather than created by stardock, it might be time to stop relying on the docklets made by other people and add the functionality in yourselves.
• the new change icon dialogue for tabbed docks is simply horrible, but it seems extra ridiculous that there are 2 different dialogues for changing an icon within the same program. this could be a tolerable change though in the end, as long as you quit changing what folder we are supposed to store these icons in. at least, that is if we don't want to induce headaches each time we change or add one. we used to be storing them in the program folder, then it wanted to default it to my documents, now we're back to the program folder?
it seems reasonable to say/request...
C:\Users\username\Documents\Stardock\ObjectDock Library\Images
or
C:\Program Files\Stardock\ObjectDockPlus2
pick one!
• tabbed dock icons still "zoom/grow" by having duplicate icon images on top of itself; leading to ugly effects and becoming noticeable with certain shapes and all transparencies. other mouseover options would be ideal as well, especially an instant skin specific indicator/arrow type graphic, similar to a running indicator. we should at least have the zoomer dock options such as rock and glow though.
• it's fine and dandy to have aero peek on running shortcuts [that would show a running indicator], but why is aero peek not shown on running tasks [when the dock is set to display running tasks]?
• there's no clear way to disable the terribly slow minimize/maximize [to dock] animations or disable thumbnails.
to stop the slow window animation we have to click in troubleshooting [of all things] "temporarily disable all use of thumbnails on windows vista". what do these two things have to do with each other? telling it to stop vista thumbnails stops the animation sluggishness, but it doesn't stop "thumbnails"...
to stop the thumbnails, we need to check [in troubleshooting again...] "temporarily disable all special window-event hooking. yoda is infinitely easier to understand than this.
why is there an option to make the already slow animation even more unbearably slower when shift is held instead of an option to make it not be slow at all, and without having to hold down extra keys every time you click? not to mention that regardless of whether i check that box or not, holding shift always only makes it animate even slower.
• some running programs do not respond well to right clicking on their icon to edit.
- trying to change photoshop for example led to the alert that "ObjectDock cannot access information about this window. It is likely that it has been ran as Administrator while ObjectDock has not.", in the last version it would tend to just crash on certain programs though.
right clicking the icon a second time yields the...
dock options >dock icon properties...
being shown twice.
i've not seen photoshop cause a lockup or crash in this version yet, but that was the case last time.
- as another example, yahoo messenger when right clicked will call up a contextual menu but all the text aside from "dock options >" will not be visible.
• flyout menus- as a list can still take ages, and when displayed as flyout items can often crash OD entirely, even before reaching an excessive amount of items to display.
• i still see no way to change the clock hands; a bother because they are very low quality image files and pixelate badly at larger sizes. a 256x256 quality version would take care of that, but being able to skin the hands as well would be ideal.
• in tabbed docks, the +/- buttons look out of place/off-centered on many skins due to not being able to have reflections like the other icons they sit beside.
• tabbed docks are still utterly useless for users like me because of faulty and limited accessibility. the fact that tabbed docks are the only separation between free and plus, but that even on the 3rd version of what is being called "beta"... we still can't use hotspots, we still don't have any implemented ability to set up a hotkey, and even the "show in taskbar" option doesn't actually work in objectdock's taskbar, making absolutely every floating dock utterly worthless. it makes me question, at what point is the money that i've paid for this app going to yield worthwhile and usable results.
• when dragging an icon from a zooming dock to a tabbed dock; the reflection from when it was in the zoomer does not disappear and will remain at whatever edge [bottom for me] it was originally at.
• still limited in displaying running tasks or displaying the contents of the tray, but not being able to show both in one dock. it's no fun playing whack-a-mole with docks because you're forced to have more than one just to have all your items actually be accessible.
• i still have delays in a zooming dock showing up when accessibility is set to normal time to time, or requiring that i bounce my cursor on that part of the screen several times to get a reaction; it does seem less frequent this time though.
• for some instances, such as with photoshop, clicking an application in the running tasks that is minimized will either restore or maximize the program, but clicking on it when the program is maximized will not minimize it [it will minimize if it is not maximized though].
• reflections and thumbnails in zooming docks jitter up and down by a pixel or two as you scroll through them, not matching up with the smoothness in animation that the icons have.
• we still need the sublevel separation feature which isn't present in this beta, or the last few versions of OD at all despite being an original and heavily relied upon feature when OD came out. this still leads us to not being able to tell which icon is our messenger contact list and which icons are the conversation windows without playing more whack-a-mole guessing games.
• text in tabbed docks is still lacking, especially where skinning is concerned. while not really a "problem", it would still be nice to be able to tell the text to display differently when it's active and when it's inactive. even with the user being able to change font or color, it is reliant upon a tab "button" to indicate which tab is active.
• allow us to set what the defaults are so we can safely remove skins we do not want sitting around. right clicking on a skin and setting it as a default would be acceptable, as would it just using whatever skins are available; having an invisible dock when you create a new one is the bother.
• tabbed docks lack the transparency features enjoyed on zooming docks.
• we need a "stacks docklet" equiv. even for those who like the flyouts, they're useless and require you to wait ages for it to cycle to the one you want if you have more than 5 or 6 items in one.
• changing the running indicators again is a step in the right direction, now how about changing flyout arrows in the same manner rather than having to overwrite files?
• tabbed docks suffer from lack of alignment options. instead of forced left at all times, align right and align center seems a good compromise since tabbed docks would be difficult to make stretch like zoomers.
• a lot of programs are doing as i mentioned with photoshop when trying to change the icons; despite any privileges you give to OD, it simply will not allow you to change the icon. it's especially annoying now that system icons [such as folders] for explorer.exe show up in the dock as low res icons even when you tell OD to use high quality versions.
• object dock fails to change the icons for all applications of open office. the dialogue opens, but after picking your icon and hitting "ok", nothing changes. the same goes for any other method of trying to change them.
• by far my worst instance at the time being is that if i load object dock i cannot close explorer windows with the X button. i have to unload object dock and close from the windows taskbar.
:: :: :: ::
problems from the last version that i haven't seen/haven't been able to reproduce in this version, but am uncertain are "resolved"...
• i've yet to notice any flickering in the dock or outside of the dock with this version, but it was never a constant occurrence for me in the past.
• in the last version... when changing an icon i repeatedly had a yellow balloon pop up and say "try out the search feature". nice the first time, but it was in the way of the scrollbar and icons the next 50. still trying to get used to having 2 different dialogues for changing icons, but i haven't seen it in either so far.
• i've not yet had picture viewer or any other program load behind the other windows. here's to hoping that remains the case.
• in tabbed docks, the text displayed when hovering over an icon would sometimes remain displayed even when the mouse has been withdrawn from that item. it also tended to display behind the dock or behind an application.
in the end the only good thing i can say is that, at least it has been very handy to be able to close object dock quickly again, since that's about all i want to do with it currently.
=[
Ok, I feel dumb. I had updated OD and hadn't restarted my machine. After a restart, all is well. [e digicons]:blush:[/e]
+1000000
Please give us categories -a-la- Dell Dock!
1 The choose icon feature needs severe improvement. What happened to the links from our documents folder.
2- Most of my tabbed docks don't show. I haven't checked out the zoomers and tiles, but somehow I have a feeling of foreboding. From reading above I think further testing on my part is needed, I have not encountered that long list of problems yet.
I do hope that the next update(S) will improve. It takes all the good points away from the new update leaving an unimpressed feeling. Back to the drawing board I suppose.
A note to all -
The choose icon feature needs a lot of improvement! Please add back the grouping icon option from documents folder in the icon editor.
....
Tweaks/fixes: ....-Fixed "Browsing to object failed" messages and other such failures when interacting with the new Choose Icon dialog. (Search command in explorer-browser was too complex)-"Browse..." menu item in new Choose Icon dialog hooked up again ....
Although I'm not getting that windows popup error dialog anymore, doing anything inside that browse to icon windows makes the window go 'non-responding' Eventually I'm forced to end Objectdock UI when it does not respond!
Reverting back to my temp fix that I had found.
Fix it please?!
Event Viewer has this:.
I'm on 7x64. ObjectDock 2 Plus version 1.99b.054.
Inexplicably, the error appears in event viewer, though I've not had dock loaded in a long time, probably months.
Original topic here:
I am still unable to change any icon.
I can change icons, but the inability to browse to a new location is aggravating.
This is normal. As far as I know, it's just complaining about C runtime debugging missing, which just provides some extra debug.Many students, when they do not get good grades in their exams, wish if they were smarter. Everyone you see around believes that good grades, success, and becoming a bright student are about being smart. Well, researches do not prove the fact.
Many studies done in different institutes have proven that good grades come with good and persistent study habits. The students who study hard in a healthy routine are the ones who score higher than others. So, never blame yourself or others for not being smart. Consistent studying can change your fate. But that is the most difficult thing, right?
Yes, when exams are near and when you have a burden of studies on you, every stimulus in the environment starts diverting your attention. You would check your phone, start window shopping online, take a nap, chat with a friend, or do anything but study. Here are a few rules that you have to follow in order to study consistently for your exams and to keep your attention undivided.
Make studying your habit
This is something that you have been hearing since your childhood. Everyone tells you to make studies your habit and a part of life. But no one ever told you how and why of it.
So, why should you make studying a habit? Actually, we are a product of the actions that we do every day. What we do in our routine is what we have become. For example, you are a person who wakes up at a certain time, brushes their teeth, and gets ready for college, or might follow a different routine. Guess how much effort does it take to do that. Let’s take just one action like brushing your teeth. You wake up and brush your teeth and that is your habit. Once it becomes a part of your daily activities, you do not need a different effort or willpower to do it.
Yes, this concept is very much related to willpower. We need it to do every action. But once an action has become our habit, there is lesser willpower required to do it again and again. This idea is also called ‘automaticity.’ The action that has become part of your routine will start getting performed automatically without you having to convince your brain.
So, make studying your habit. Start with smaller steps. Let’s say, study three hours a day with small breaks. Once you have started doing it effortlessly, add more time to it.
Be strict with yourself in the beginning
If you have to develop consistent study habits, you will have to show yourself some hard love. That does not mean you have to make a hard and tough schedule. As I said earlier, start with smaller steps and study with breaks. But once you have established a routine, never ruin it by taking a holiday or anything. Studies have proven that holidays act contradictory to productive studying routines. At least, in the beginning, let your habits get mature before taking such breaks.
Ask someone to hide unnecessary technology
Yes, if you cannot do it yourself ask someone else to do it for you during your studying time. It can be your video games, your mobile phone, or any gadgets that keep distracting you. If you need your phone while studying, keep it on airplane mode or do anything to keep it from affecting the efforts that you are doing to make a consistent study routine.
Monitor your habits
Monitoring habits is a very good step to make them firm and long-lasting. How do you do it? Make some notes and start checking if you are studying for the required time you set. You can also mark on a calendar or anything that suits you. not just that, check if you improved with days, has it become easier for you, or if you are given some more time to studying, or are you progressing backward, etc.
This is a way of keeping a check and then bringing changes according to it.
Reward yourself with good habits
Where you have to be strict with yourself, you also have to show some love that works as a reinforcer for your habits. You can reward yourself after the whole day of studying with some good meal, buying yourself some good stuff at the end of the month or anything that acts as a reward for you. Doing this reinforces your habits of studying consistently and they become stronger.
So, at whatever stage of life, you are, consistent studying is the only way to perform well in your exams. Making it a habit will benefit you for the whole of your life. Thus, start working on your studying routines from the very today.DC’s fifth direct-to-DVD animated film will be Green Lantern: First Flight, produced by Bruce Timm, with Hal Jordan voiced by Law & Order: Special Victims Unit star Christopher Meloni.
Release date isn’t until July 2009, though. That should whet the appetite for the supposed live-action GL film due in December of 2010….Flats In Franklin
Have You Ever transferred Your services to Franklin TN? Have you really got work at Franklin? Have you been a student while in the town of Franklin? Do you want your flat? Have you been transferred to work in Franklin metropolis? Do you workin Nashville and on the lookout for an apartment?
Why Franklin?
The spectacle is the Ideal Later function. The apartments are cheap and accessible. The Franklin Tn Realtor Purchase leasing , and sales.
You will find actual estate agents Agents who invest in construction to satisfy up with the high demand for flats and houses in Franklin TN. The fixes of wrecked, old houses, and unoccupied homes are aimed to meet up with the requirement.
What’s The cost of residing in Franklin TN?
The Expense of residing in Franklin TN is low in contrast to surrounding towns. It’s 3% lower compared to federal average as per a survey of 2018. Living in Franklin saves you money. Housing, entertainment, instruction, and foods are below the national average.
The best way Much do apartments expense?
Flats in Franklin Are much economical compared to cities and towns round. Those employed in Nashville and surroundings should look at living in Franklin.
The best way Much when Leasing?
The cost of renting Apartments can fluctuate in one Franklin Real Estate Agent to the following.
You can find rental flats Of just one bed room, two bedrooms, 2 bedrooms and a few bedrooms. In accordance with Realtors in Franklin TN 1 Group New Music Town , lease averages in £ 1,500 at town.
The information from Precisely the Same Realtors at Franklin TNsuggest that The rent is relatively higher than Nashville in the last few years. The actual estate representatives who are also realtors in Nashville indicate the demand for flats in Franklin has improved in the previous 3 years.
Commercial apartments Go for a smaller number than residential flats. Records out of Franklin TN Realtors show that demand for residential apartments is more than commercial types.
Obtaining or Leasing?
The Optimal/optimally place to find Answers to flats lease or to buy is from the Franklin TN State Agents. Not a if you see their offices, even only see them on their different platforms.How much can I earn on the Ad Network?
All campaigns running on our network utilize RTB (real time bidding). We work on an impression-by-impression basis and serve the highest paying ad for each subscriber.
We let advertisers bid on both CPM and CPC. The highest paying campaigns usually target US/EU based audiences and can pay several dollars per click.
Earnings vary based on the number of clicks/impressions you deliver as well as the demographics of your subscribers.BTC Gate Valves
Forum’s BTC gate valves are through conduit, unrestricted flow valves manufactured for waterflood and gas injection operations. They are specifically designed for the corrosive/erosive environments typically associated with enhanced oil recovery operations, as well as standard production flow line applications.
Features
- One- to six-inch sizes
- Threaded, ANSI 600-1500 flanged designs
- ASTM A487 steel, nickel aluminum bronze body/bonnet
- Gas testing available
- Field serviceable
Lots may even see an extra regular face assisting me! There’s going to be a rotation of new people as they do mini-placements across all of the sites, with a permanent placement happening in time for the start of next year.
If you’re a fan of Hearts of Iron 4 (or even just ‘what-if?’ alt-history), you should definitely read Timothy’s deep-dive into The New Order mod. Excellent work, and a great mod to boot. We’re also going to try and seriously start looking at Warhammer 40K 9th edition a lot more, as well as other table-top stuff. We published an initial summary of the new changes here and expect to see more content in this area in September,
Also, according to one Redditor, I am now well-known for my “general immaturity and lack of professionalism.” Which I find rather amusing.
Meanwhile, in the world of wargames…
Grand Tactician Launches into Early Access
The big news of the week is of course the long-anticipated release of Grand Tactician into Steam Early Access, which is happening today. If you wanted to get an idea for some initial thoughts, Colonel Bill did a write-up for us earlier in the week, and long-standing Wargamer writer Ian B also wrote up some impressions for our sister website PCGamesN.
It costs 39,99 (EUR/USD), which is 10% less than the planned final release price of 44,90 EUR/USD. The game has also already been wishlisted by over 20,000 people. Some things worth mentioning from our initial coverage – AI seems to be a bit weak at the moment, and generally thought casualty rates, especially in the historical battles where we know exactly what happened, were a bit too high.
Other than that though, there’s a brand new trailer you can enjoy:
Panzer Corps 2 Axis Operations 1939
The second pack in the initial wave of DLC for Panzer Corps 2 is now available for anyone who owns the Field Marshal Edition. The ‘Axis Operations – 1939‘ DLC covers everything from the German annexation of Czechoslovakia, as well as the failed French Saar Offensive that same year along with the more commonly known operations in Poland.
Everyone else will be able to purchase the DLC when it releases on August 27th, next week.
Heliborne gets new ‘Enhanced Edition’ content & release
We first reviewed Heliborne back in late 2017. It was enjoyable and a rare dedicated attempt at simulating helicopter combat through-out different eras where you could square off against bots and fellow humans. It had some issues it needed to work out but from my perspective I was also worried that it wouldn’t retain enough players to survive. Thankfully it seems I’ve been proven wrong, as three years later the game has now been re-released with a new Enhanced Edition that includes new content, but also all of the existing DLC that has been released to the game to date for free.
New stuff includes new machines, a new game engine, day & night maps physics and a new multiplayer experience. The entire package now costs 29.99 EUR/USD, and all existing owners of the game will get upgraded for free. Marcello’s taken the new edition for a quick spin and overall he’s not been that impressed so far – there are also performance issues which will need to be ironed out so things may need to settle a bit first.
Philippe Thibaut & the Winter War devs making a new game – Afrika Corps
The legendary wargame designer Philippe Thibaut is back with another new game titled Afrika Korps, which will be published by Avalon Digital. I found out about this game because Phillippe posted in a Facebook group I was part of, but the actual announcement video was pulled from YouTube for violating ‘Hate Speech’ policies, which is something that’s becoming increasingly common with WW2-era material. You can however view the trailer via this direct link.
There is also an entry for the game on Avalon Digital’s official website, which cites a release date of September 28th, 2020. This is consistent with the ‘Fall 2020’ info from the trailer. It’s being made by the same team that made Winter War – Strategy Game Studio – so this should be good.
Task Force Admiral Air Combat Showcase
Task Force Admiral is unlikely to be out until next year, but they’ve been good at putting out regular development updates to let us know how things are going on. There was one from last week that we missed that you should read here, which also featured some new gameplay footage of some air combat tactics.
Armoured Commander 2 6.0 Update
A new major title update has been released for WW2 rogue-like Armoured Commander 2. This is a pretty extensive revision on the previous version, with plenty of new content, additions and changes. The enemy AI especially has been overhauled, and there are now new campaign options, new units, new skills and more!
There’s a lot to unpack, so we recommend checking out the full patch notes here or on Steam.
And now for something completely different
Transformers are coming to World of Warships?
That’s all we’ve got for you this week – enjoy your weekends!Description
The 4 row x 16 row wire brush is ideal for cleaning and paint and rust removal. Carbon steel bristles for heavy duty jobs. Traditional shoe handle has soft grip for comfort.
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.Telling students that I'm pumping? Would you?
Posted 8/19/14
I'm back to work tomorrow (teaching) for the first day of school. I've been planning to tell my older students (10th grade honors, pretty mature bunch) that I pump at lunch instead of keeping it a mystery why I have to kick them out. Not too many details, just that I'm pumping milk for the baby and that I'm not available. I figured it would normalize it, but I'm starting to worry that they won't take it well. What do you think? Would you inform them or not?
- I teach HS and I wouldn't tell my students. I don't want them to look at me like that or have to think about it. It might be awkward for the boys esp. I would just say they are going to eat in the lunch room this year.
- I would just tell them that you are unavailable, if they ask why I don't think it would be a problem but that's kind of a touchy subject with some people. I wouldn't tell my stidents I was going pee so I wouldn't tell them I was pumping either lol
- Posted 8/19/14
Just tell them you are going to be unavailable to take care of a personal matter each day.
- rPosted 8/19/14I wouldn't tell them
- Posted 8/19/14Nope, it's none of thier business what you do on your lunch break.
- rPosted 8/19/14I agree with pp. This might make some of your students uncomfortable. I don't think it is your place to normalize in a high school setting especially outside the context of a class on that topic. I would just tell them you are unavailable. I have taught anatomy and physiology and I went over the functions for breasts but I still didn't volunteer what I was doing with my body and child. I think it is inappropriate.
- Posted 8/19/14No don't tell!
- waterdragonbaby · Original PosterPosted 8/19/14I guess I just hate feeling like it's a big dirty secret. I agree that some students might feel uncomfortable, so I won't bring it up. But if a student asks, I will explain. I know we have a different school environment than others, and students are used to teachers opening their rooms at lunch for clubs and conversation. I didn't tell my students when I pumped for DD, but they were 7th graders. I had a senior ask me at the end of last year why I was carrying a chair into the bathroom (long story, room share complications) and I told her I was pumping because I hate to be dishonest or evasive when a student asks a question. She wasn't uncomfortable, but I see how that's different than telling a whole class.
- I pumped last year and didn't tell them. Wasn't an issue.
- I told a couple of my teenage clients that I thought could handle it. inevitably all of my clients now know that when my office door is closed I'm pumping. It's become a whole awkward thing. I wouldn't tell, but expect them to figure it out anyways.Search
Now showing items 1-5 of 5
16.901 Computational Methods in Aerospace Engineering, Spring 2003
(2003-06)
Introduction to computational techniques arising in aerospace engineering. Applications drawn from aerospace structures, aerodynamics, dynamics and control, and aerospace systems. Techniques include: numerical integration ...
16.901 Computational Methods in Aerospace Engineering, Spring 2005
(2005-06)
This course serves as an introduction to computational techniques arising in aerospace engineering. Applications are drawn from aerospace structures, aerodynamics, dynamics and control, and aerospace systems. Techniques ...
16.888 / ESD.77 Multidisciplinary System Design Optimization, Spring 2004
(2004-06)
This course is mainly focused on the quantitative aspects of design and presents a unifying framework called "Multidisciplinary System Design Optimization" (MSDO). The objective of the course is to present tools and ...
16.810 Engineering Design and Rapid Prototyping, January (IAP) 2004
(2004-01)
This course provides students with an opportunity to conceive, design and implement a product, using rapid protyping methods and computer-aid tools. The first of two phases challenges each student team to meet a set of ...
16.410 / 16.413 Principles of Autonomy and Decision Making, Fall 2005
(2005-12)
This course surveys a variety of reasoning, optimization, and decision-making methodologies for creating highly autonomous systems and decision support aids. The focus is on principles, algorithms, and their applications, ...Hi everyone. This skate was taken against his will, somewhere in Oporto, Portugal. Any information, please send us an email.
Two of our “team members” went cruising to Carcavelos and sent us this picture, just to make us jealous :) Thank you, guys. Porto Covo rulez!
We’re working on a new model. More news coming soon.Harmful Algal Blooms
A harmful algal bloom (HAB) is a buildup of blue-green algae that creates a green, blue-green, white or brown coloring on the surface of ponds, lakes and other slow-moving waterways, sometimes occurring as mats or scum.
Blooms are most common between June and September. They grow in warm, stagnant and nutrient-rich water, and are becoming increasingly common both in California and nationwide.
Human exposure to water containing toxic harmful algal blooms, for example by direct body contact or ingestion, can result in a number of symptoms including the following:
- Rashes
- Eye, nose, mouth or throat irritation
- Allergic reactions
- Headache
- Gastrointestinal upset, such as abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting and diarrhea
Discovery Bay Information
June 11, 2020
The Regional Water Quality Control Board (RWCQB) did water sampling in Discovery Bay on June 4, 2020. The laboratory results are in, and unfortunately, harmful algal blooms (HAB) are present and the cyanotoxins these produce were found at DANGER levels. It is recommended that people and pets avoid contact with the water, and that fish or shellfish caught in these waters not be eaten. It is recommended that tenants of rental units also be notified.
For More Information Please Visit:
Other sites in Contra Costa County have experienced harmful algal blooms
- Big Break Regional Shoreline (Oakley)
- Tilden Park (Lake Anza)
- Pittsburg Yacht Harbor In response to a complaint, Environmental Health sampled the water at the Pittsburg Yacht Harbor on July 24, 2018. The results for that area showed microcystins well above the Danger level. The lab results and recommended signage were provided to the City of Pittsburg. Lab Results
FAQs
Is it safe for me to go in the water? the water for drinking or cooking
- Do not let pets or livestock go into or drink the water, or go near the scum on the shoreline
- Do not eat shellfish from the water
- on shore
- Do not eat fish or shellfish from the water
- Do not use the water for drinking or cooking. Boiling or filtering will not make the water safe
Exposure to HAB can cause rashes, skin and eye irritation, allergic reactions, gastrointestinal upset and other effects. At high concentrations, exposure can result in serious illness or death. For more information, see California Water Quality Monitoring Council HAB Portal.
What about my pets?
Keep pets out of water with harmful algal blooms. Dogs are especially vulnerable to getting sick and there have been reports of dogs dying following exposure associated with drinking the water or licking algae from their fur after wading or swimming in water with blooms.
Who should I contact if I swam in the water and now have symptoms?
If you think you or someone else is displaying symptoms of HAB poisoning, contact your healthcare provider or the California Poison Center Help Hotline at 1-800-222-1222.
What can I do to get rid of harmful algae?
We do not recommend attempting to treat or remove the algae. Harmful algae blooms are part of the environment's food chain and eventually dissipate on their own. Chemical treatment is often ineffective and can result in more toxins being released into the water when the algae cells die, and can have unintended effects on other species.
Algal. Minimize the use of fertilizers whenever possible.
Do I neeed to wash my boat after it has been in HAB infested waters?
There are no specific actions regarding boats that have been in bloom-infested waters, but the Division of Boating & Waterways has guidance on preventing invasive species: Clean, Drain, and Dry Boat Cleaning Procedures
Pets & Vets
Keep pets out of water with harmful algae blooms. Dogs are especially vulnerable to getting sick and there have been reports of dogs dying following exposure associated with drinking the water or licking algae from their fur.
Documents
Other Links
How to Avoid Toxic Exposure
- Always assume that a algal bloom is toxic
- Do not swim and avoid jet-skiing, wind surfing or water skiing in water with scum layers or blooms
- Do not allow children or pets to swim in water with scum layers or blooms
- Do not drink or use water containing algae. Boiling will not remove algal toxins
- Do not eat fish or shellfish caught or harvested in a bloom area
- Respect any water-body closures by public health authorities
What to Do When Exposed?
- If you come into contact with a bloom, wash your skin and hair thoroughly. If wearing a swimsuit, pay careful attention to skin under the swimsuit
- If your pet comes into contact with a bloom, wash it thoroughly with clean water to prevent algae ingestion while your pet cleans itself. If you believe your pet may have ingested dry or liquid algae contact a licensed veterinarian right away
- If you ingest algae or suspect that you may have and begin to experience symptoms, contact your healthcare provider or California Poison Control 1-800-222-1222
Resources
Documents
- Harmful Algal Blooms (HABs)
- What you need to know about Blue-Green Algae
- Cyanobacteria Blooms FAQs - CDC
- Caution Advisory
- Warning Advisory
- Danger Advisory
- HAB microcystin Threshold Levels
- Blue-Green Algae: A Veterinarian Reference
- Notice to California Veterinarians
- YouTube: Informational video on HAB from the Department of Water Resources
Signage
Other Links
- California Water Quality Monitoring Council HAB Portal
- Frequently Asked Questions about Freshwater and Estuarine Harmful Algal Blooms
- CA Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment: Information on Microcystin
- EPA HAB Information
Lab Results
The following are the lab results for water samples taken by Environmental Health.$.
Games (Adult) - Girl-Power: The Card Game
The future is female. The classic spoons game is given a feminist makeover in this super speedy, super fun card game. Female icons are divided into categories including movies, music, sport and more. Your task is to collect a whole category as fast as you can and snatch a pioneer from the middle. You’ve gotta be in it to win it. #WhoRunTheWorld KEY
FEATURES: - Fun family speed spoons game - Great for adults, kids and teenagers - Perfect party game - Great as a gift CONTENTS: - x56 game cards
© 2021 Childish Tendencies and Wind Drift GalleryBecome a CAP Member
Becoming a member is easy! We welcome people from all walks of life to contribute insight and action for ending homelessness on Big Island. Please review our Strategic Plan to be sure our work is right for you, fill out the Membership Packet and send your completed packet to Toni Symons at tsymons.uluwini@gmail.com to join us.Forex Education – Get the Best FX Trading Courses and Learn Quickly and Risk Free
If you wish to win at Foreign exchange trading, you require the ideal education due to the fact that 95% of all Forex traders shed cash. The very best FX training courses are developed to educate you the skills you need and also will certainly aid you discover quickly and also all the most effective ones have 100% refund ensures so you find out without any danger. Lets have a look at what to anticipate from the most effective Forex training courses.Forex Swing Trading Method – An Easy to Understand Strategy For Triple Digit Gains!
Foreign exchange swing trading is easy to learn and understand as well as can make you a three-way figure income swiftly; in this write-up we will take a look at the essentials of swing trading as well as exactly how to create a method which can help you make large gains with low risk. Forex trading is based upon the principle that short-term cost spikes don’t last and also are the item of greed or worry. Human beings press prices to far in the short term away from essential worth as well as after that, costs return to more realistic levels.3 Steps to Choosing the Best Automatic Trading Forex Program
Not every automatic trading forex program coincides or as good as the next, however, and also it can be difficult to compare different sales letters when they are all guaranteeing the same things. Comply with these three steps to obtaining the most effective possible automated trading forex program and realizing some reputable benefit from this market without the experience or time to have to dedicate to it.How to Make Reliable Money From the Forex Market, Guaranteed
The forex market is a large sibling of the traditional stock exchange and that it keeps a lot longer hrs than the supply exchange and over $3 trillion if traded each day. This market is not as daunting as lots of people make it bent on be or provided includes, nonetheless. Consider this post on a means which millions of people around the world are making great money from the foreign exchange market without having a large amount of experience.Forex Education – Forex Software Or a Trading Course, Which is the Best Option For You?
If you want some assist with your Foreign exchange education and learning both most popular ways investors look for help in making earnings is – either to acquire a Foreign exchange robot or make use of a Forex program yet which approach is the finest for you, allows locate out. Foreign exchange robotics are prominent since they supply you the capacity to make large gains with, reduced threat as well as no effort and also there additionally really affordable with the majority setting you back just a hundred dollars or so the problem is though – they do not work.Forex Trading Methods – An Easy to Use Method to Catch the Big Trends and Profits!
If you are searching for a Foreign exchange trading method which can get you know all the huge fads and profits, the approach enclosed is for you. The technique we will look at here, is very easy to comprehend and use and also will enable you to make a triple figure income, in around 30 mins a day.Foreign Exchange Software – 5 Tips For Profitable Forex Trading
Want fx software application? Here’s the top 5 suggestions for rewarding foreign exchange trading with automated foreign exchange software program.Forex Trading Success – Understand the 5 Facts Enclosed and You Can Make Huge FX Profits
Anybody can find out to be a successful Foreign exchange investor, you don’t require to function tough and even have a college level yet the reality is 95% of traders still stop working to make money and just a little minority win. Forex trading success is all about obtaining the appropriate education and also frame of mind and if you understand the truths enclosed, you will get on the road to large Foreign exchange revenues.Learn How to Day Trade the Forex Market
Day trading is something that is ideal picked up from a person that has been at it for some time. This is largely as a result of the busy style of reasoning as well as execution that accompanies day trading the forex market.A Very Simple Forex Formula That Made $34 Million Without Using Any Trading Software, EA Or a Robot!
Mix of basic forex signs with a human mind is 100X even more powerful than any type of forex robotic. The advantage is that if you can understand these simple forex methods, you don’t need more than 15 mins daily to trade forex.Toppling FOREX – Making the Most of Currency Trading With FAP Turbo
Don’t get delayed by loads of information while trading on FOREX. Find Out just how FAP Turbo can help you trade money in this post.What to Look For in the Best Stock Trading Software
There is a range of supply trading software readily available out there. Nonetheless, to choose the most effective stock trading bundle, you will certainly require to take into consideration the features that the software gives, like analysis, comparison and also portfolio management. While trading, you will certainly be thinking about a lot of supplies, comparing them and also examining the benefits and drawbacks before offering or purchasing them. Thus, great software program will assist you make intelligent and also informed choice.Here’s How Even a Beginner Can Make Great Money Trading Forex!
Today we’re going to have a look at foreign exchange trading. There’s a large amount of individuals that have become aware of foreign exchange and wonder regarding exactly how they can make cash, so ideally this short article serves.Trading on FOREX – Shocking Robot Called FAP Turbo
This incredible trading robot called FAP Turbo can take the effort out of trading currencies. Learn all concerning it in this post.Best Forex Trading System For Traders
The solution to this question is very simple: there is no solitary forex trading system that will benefit every specific trader under all circumstances. The reason is that we as people vary. And when it concerns trading, you hold trading against your own weak points. What is the most effective forex trading system for an additional individual, might as a result not benefit you at all. Allow us discuss.The median home value in Soledad, CA is $550,000.
This is
lower than
the county median home value of $715,000.
The national median home value is $277,796.
The average price of homes sold in Soledad, CA is $550.
Wonderful 2 bedroom with 1 bathroom home on an oversized lot with mountain views from the front and the back. Newer 2-tone paint with newer carpet and newer linoleum. There's a separate dining area connected to the living room and also an eat in kitchen. Bedrooms are spacious with windows facing the backyard with views of the mountains. The 2 car garage is detached with a covered walkway to the home. Let's not forget about the over-sized lot with room to entertain, garden, relax and more. Be sure to come see if this home!
Corner lot home with lot's of space . Home has side entrance to backyard .This home is close to schools , parks , easy access to HYW 101, and close to shopping centers .
Opportunity Awaits! Duplex in Soledad. One unit has three bedrooms and a full bath, with indoor washroom, it's own yard and parking area. The other unit is a one bedroom one bath with washer in kitchen. Move in condition, currently leased out on month to month contract. Managed through property manager.
Adorable 3 bedroom 2 bath home with an open floor plan and formal dinning room. This home is situated on a good size corner lot with room to expand or just take strolls through garden of fruit trees and rose plants. The home features a two car garage with plenty of curb side parking. One block to nearest elementary school and new Hartnell community college satellite campus. This home in a well established area of Soledad is a mist see!
This is one lovely home on a HUGE lot. Great cul-de-sac location. This home features a charming porch, a semi open floorplan with over 1,200 sf of living area PLUS a nice sized sun room in the back yard. Living areas include 3 bedroom, 2 bath,an indoor laundry room, a spacious living room and a wonderful eat in kitchen. The kitchen includes a refrigerator and a gas range. All this located in Soledad and ready for new owners..
Gorgeous panoramic views accent every window from this lovely property. The 4-bedroom 2-bathroom home is approximately 2,464+/- square feet with an open concept living area. The kitchen features stunning granite counters accented by the knotty Alder cabinets and beautiful backsplash. Don’t miss the farmhouse style sink and upgraded appliances, including a Wolf cooktop. Outside you will find a 3,200+/-sf pass through shop complete with electrical, 6-inch concrete slab and two 14 foot roll up doors. Conveniently located on the outskirts of Greenfield, the property is just 5+/- minutes from Highway 101 offering a convenient commute north, south, or west! Approximately an hour in any direction will take you to the Paso Robles Wine Country, Monterey Bay and Carmel or north to Gilroy and the entry to the bay area.
An ideal opportunity for new or seasoned vineyard investors, the rolling landscape of Monterey County's Dover Vineyard consists of 217 acres—including 179 acres of new and mature grapevines with strong historic production (over 6 tons per acre, 5 year average) and desirable 100% contracted grapes primarily sold to a prominent North Coast Winery. Located on a ridge above the Valley floor of the renowned Monterey American Viticulture Area overlooking the Santa Lucia Mountains, vibrant permanent plantings include: Chardonnay (67.7 acres), Pinot Noir (56.7 acres), Pinot Gris (34.2 acres) and 20.3 acres of young Sauvignon Blanc. The stunning Soledad property includes a rustic 1,309 sq. ft. caretaker home. A modular with a concrete slab foundation and painted plywood exterior, the windows are double pane with a composition shingle roof. A 960 sq. ft. wood frame shed offers generous farm equipment storage with a concrete slab foundation, galvanized iron siding, roof cover, and restroom. If you're an institutional investor, don't miss this chance to add lucrative profit to your portfolio year after year. Video
Agent Website Tools Agent CRM
Website designed by Constellation1, a division of Constellation Web Solutions, Inc.Abstract:
An initiative to provide training exchanges in seabird mitigation was trialled in 2004. The aim was to provide a placement for a fisher from a Latin American county on board a vessel operating in the New Zealand fishery, which had a proven record of seabird-friendly fishing techniques. The report documents the process and outcomes of the first exchange to occur, which was for the placement of a Chilean skipper, Luis Uribe - a swordfish fisher from working in the Southern Chilean artisanal fleet - on board a the Sanford vessel San Aotea II, using demersal longline methods to fish for ling and other species.When my kids ask me what super power I wish I possessed, I always give them the same answer: “I’d like to be able to fly.”
Over a year ago, a friend showed me that it’s possible.
She showed me my wings, gave me a little nudge, and pushed me out of the nest.
Has anyone ever done that for you?
When Lisa-Jo Baker asked me to take over as host of the Five Minute Friday community, she took a great risk.
I’d never done anything like that before, and Five Minute Friday was her baby.
What if I failed? What if I spread my wings, flapped furiously a few times, and fell flat on my face?
But Lisa-Jo nudged anyway, risks and all.
She could’ve kept Five Minute Friday to herself. Or, if she couldn’t manage the time commitment anymore, she could’ve let it die, with her name still branded on the side.
Instead, she was content to pass it on, and let someone else take to the sky.
I never would’ve ventured out of the nest on my own.
And I know I haven’t soared as gracefully or as masterfully as she did. I never will — and that’s okay.
Because in giving me the space to extend my wings, Lisa-Jo has given me so much more.
She’s shown me the gift it is to give someone else a chance to fly. She’s shown me that there’s nothing wrong with watching someone else soar.
Best of all, she helped me to see that flying is no feat of my own strength.
It’s a pure gift.
It all comes as part of the package labeled “hope.”
He’s the one who lifts us up, to carry His glory across the skies and beyond.
Who can you encourage today? Who needs you to show them that they have wings to fly?
This is Day 14 of 31 Days of Five Minute Free Writes. Catch up on the rest of the posts in this series by clicking here.
Seriously! Pretty much as soon as I hit publish on my post (of this prompt: fly) a next-door neighbor knocked on my door. She does this periodically – just to come over and talk. She needed to. Her heart was heavy and for so many reasons.
I only share this – as I’m grateful to say that the words of my post came back into the conversation as a means of encouragement.
This is why I blog. One never knows… how words can help. And, in this case, encourage!! Whether they’re audible or being read.
I enjoyed reading your thoughts on this prompt, here today!!Modern home decor represents your personality and reveals your interior design preferences, color sense, and design choices. A house is only four walls, but it takes a mix of modern home decor pieces and a dash of your love and imagination to transform it into a home. When visitors come to your house, the first thing they note is the living room decor. As a result, you can decorate your home in a sleek and exclusive style to fit your tastes. If you want to decorate your house but are overwhelmed by the number of options, rest assured that Homekartz has a large selection to choose from.
Designer home decor pieces can be found here, such as:
Modern home decor pieces include wall clocks, drawings, wall accents, picture frames, and decorative mirrors. These decor items can be used to add a personal touch to any blank wall in the room.
Who says your room is the only one that needs to be decorated? Vases, indoor trees, deities, and figurines can be used to decorate your office desk.
Modern home decor for the outdoors:
Do you have a cute balcony or a terrace? Make a miniature garden out of herbs. You can also let your imagination run wild by making a fairy garden.
To complete the look, simply add some figurines and a small indoor water fountain.
Items to decorate your living room include A lavish centerpiece and a sofa set that will wow your guests. With idols and pooja metalware, you can also make a pooja house in your living room. Ambient lanterns and indoor plants brighten up the seating area.
Items to decorate your bedroom include:
A bedroom is a private place where you can express yourself completely. With some candles and fragrances, you can create a relaxing environment. Replace the old mirror with a decorative one and add an elegant table lamp to the bedside cabinet.
The products available in our store are Idols, candles, lamps, wall décor, vases and flowers, garden plants.
Explore the Lavish Home Decor Range at Homekartz
Homekartz offers a wide range of modern home decor objects. Some of the bestselling content includes:
Decorate Your Home at a Budget-Friendly Price
The lovely collection at Homekartz is available at a very reasonable home decor price. Simply add the price filter to all of these decor items that fall within your budget range. This action will reveal all of the decor pieces in the capacity you've chosen. You may also use other filters such as category, discount, content, and color to narrow down your results. Here's a table with some of the items listed, along with their prices.
Decorate your home with things purchased online.
Thanks to Homekartz, shopping for modern home decor online has never been easier. You can easily place an order for your favorite product from the comfort of your own home. You can also pay for it using internet banking or an EMI credit card.
Home Decor Sale Offers Exciting Savings
You will save a lot of money on furniture sales when you use Homekartz. We have a clearance sale and hot sales on furniture that you can take advantage of and order the product of your choice for up to 20% off. So, what do you have to lose? Now is the time to get your hands on the product you like! Furthermore, suppose you plan a complete home renovation. In that case, furniture choices such as sofas, beds, wardrobes, cabinets, crockery, electronics, and more can be considered.
You may also want to explore these
For a limited period only - FREE Standard Shipping WorldwideThe American Society of Civil Engineers Job Opening
Managing Director, Continuing Education
The American Society of Civil Engineers is currently searching for a continuing education professional with association experience to lead and manager the Society’s Continuing Education program and offerings, develop and implement strategic business plans, identify new business opportunities, develop new programs and products, and ensure compliance with ANSI/IACET. Position is also responsible for mentoring and managing staff, overseeing market research and marketing plans, and serving as staff liaison to the Committee on Continuing Education.
Specific responsibilities include:
- Developing and implementing strategic objectives and business plans and Integrating them with division budget and program development
- Determines fees for all Continuing Education programs/products
- Benchmarks Continuing Education financial performance
- Identifying, creating, and analyzing new product and market opportunities
- Determining what programs/services should be introduced, revised, expended, or terminated to enhance value and service to members, increase participation in the Society’s Continuing Education program, and to improve financial performance
- Developing marketing plan working with the MD, Membership, Marketing and Sales
- Managing, recruiting, mentoring and developing qualified staff
- Ensuring compliance with the ANSI/IACET Standard for Continuing Education and Training
- Working with the volunteer committee to ensure that ASCE Continuing Education programs/products are responsive to members’ needs and are of top quality.
- Negotiating instructor contracts, vendor contracts, partnership agreements with other societies/associations, etc.
The ideal candidate will have:
- Master’s Degree in an advanced specialized field
- 15 years’ experience successfully managing a significant ($2million plus) education program for an association or professional society
- Demonstrated success leading teams in the development and delivery of continuing education offerings
- Advanced proficiency in the MS Office Suite
- Excellent project management, critical thinking, and organization skills
- Demonstrated success leading and developing people and teams- Western Sno-Riders
Grooming Update - Feb 23, 2020
Groomed from Rugged Edge out over Marble. Swapped the Pasadena and Corner Brook groomers. Groomed out to Marble and return back to Massey drive. TrackEd 3/4 Massey drive and groomed back to Rugged Edge due to low fuel.
Groomed from Hughes Brook to Kennedy Lake turn off, then tracked in the rest to Sinkhole Shack and returned. Huge drifts in the back country to knock down.
Groomed from Pasadena to Marble and return.
NOC Engineer Medior/Senior - Anankei
For our customer we’re looking for a talented Network/Security engineer to join the NOC team.
In the first place we’re looking for candidates with the “Anankei DNA”.
Our DNA embodies a positive and joyful attitude.
Dream IT , Trust IT, Go for IT !
Your responsibilities :
- Operate a network system in a mostly Cisco environment;
- You follow-up day-to-day incidents
- Analyze and resolve incidents and technical problems
- You follow-up day-to-day incidents; you analyze and resolve incidents and technical problems
- Execute procedures related to infrastructure maintenance for which the NOC is responsible
- You actively suggest and implement improvements for the NOC
- You keep up a strong competency level within technologies related to a NOC
- You are to go-to person when it comes to network questions from the other ict operations teams
- You execute procedures related to infrastructure maintenance for which the NOC is responsible
Vereisten
Your technical background :
- You have a Bachelor in Computer Science;
- You have a working knowledge of network (Cisco switching and routing) systems and are certified CCNA
- Cisco and Fortinet based firewalls
- You have some experience with linux based OS’s and virtual systems
- You've working with Zabbix
- ICT is your passion;
Languages :
- You are fluent in French, Dutch and EnglishOct. 20, 2021 12:52 pm
Local nonprofit leaders decry Texas abortion ban, reflect on reproductive justice in PA
With its passage, S.B. 8 became the most restrictive abortion law in the U.S. And as its fate hangs in the balance, advocates have stepped up the fight to safeguard reproductive rights.
Sep. 24, 2021 12:41 pm
HB 972: ‘What these lawmakers are doing is bullying’
Dubbed the “Fairness in Women’s Sports Act,” the bill defines women solely on the basis of “reproductive organs, biology, or genetics assigned at birth.” The Women’s Law Project denounces it as discriminatory, violating state and federal laws.
Jun. 21, 2021 8:18 am
Nonprofit AF: We need to support legislation on philanthropy’s crappy, inequitable practices
The fact that the Accelerate Charitable Efforts (ACE) Act is moving forward is encouraging, but it’s disappointing to see strong opposition to the bill from some philanthropic institutions, says guest columnist Vu Le.
Jun. 25, 2021 12:01 pm
Opinion: We stand in opposition to PA House Bills 118, 904, 1500 and 1095. So should you
Anti-abortion lawmakers are launching an aggressive assault on the rights of those who experience miscarriage, face a complicated pregnancy or exercise their legal right to abortion, say guest columnists Lizbeth Rodriguez, Elicia Gonzales and Signe Espinoza.
May 7, 2021 4:26 pm
82% of Americans want paid maternity leave — making it as popular as chocolate
"As scholars who have extensively studied paid leave, we have been struck by the persistence of Americans’ positive attitudes toward this benefit," say guest columnists Chris Knoester and Richard Petts.
Apr. 12, 2021 9:08 am
Opinion: Don’t fall for Rep. Martina White’s rhetoric. Trans women are women
Women’s sports need media coverage, investment, and resources. Not gender policing, says guest columnist Erica Vanstone.
Mar. 31, 2021 8:42 am
Dear nonprofits: There is no meeting in the middle when it comes to anti-abortion legislation
"What has been happening in our state exemplifies state-sanctioned violence, and we need you all to name this in your programming, conversations, and in your board meetings," say Elicia Gonzales and Signe Espinoza in their new opinion piece.
.
More InformationHigh school students converged on downtown Nanaimo, meeting up with friends, shrugging on graduation gowns and snapping selfies Thursday before the start of ceremonies that would mark their last day as a grad class.
“It hasn’t really sunken in yet,” said Tatum Paloposki, a 17-year-old grad from Nanaimo District Secondary School, who also called the day shocking, relieving and mostly freeing.
“High school you are kind of pushed into it instead of exploring what you want to do. There are certain things you have to do, so after that’s done you get to explore whatever you want to do.”
Students from NDSS, Dover Bay, John Barsby and Wellington marked graduation milestones in ceremonies at the Port Theatre and Vancouver Island Conference Centre on Thursday. Cedar Community Secondary School’s grad ceremony was Wednesday at the school.
Approximately 1,143 students will accept high school diplomas this year, according to Nanaimo Ladysmith Public Schools, with the largest class at Dover Bay with 277 graduates, followed by Nanaimo District Secondary School with 214 and Wellington, with 146.
Sofia Alessandri will get her diploma from Dover Bay as an international student from Italy. In her country, she said students get a diploma and a picture when they go to school in September but here, graduation is a big event.
“It feels cool because they are celebrating the years they spent here, they are celebrating high school and everything about it, the good times and the bad times. Even the valedictorian speech, it’s interesting because it involves everyone and it’s a class and it’s a community,” she said.
Angelina Jaeger, 17, from NDSS, was waiting for her graduation ceremony to start with friends, Paloposki and Kyla Williams, 17.
“It’s something that’s always talked about, movies are made about it, but you don’t really know what to expect when it happens and it only happens once,” she said of graduation.
SPECIAL FEATURE: Nanaimo’s Best and Brightest
EDITORIAL: All Nanaimo’s bright grads should be proud
NEWS: Nanaimo woman graduates high school at age 92
NEWS: Tsawalk Learning Centre celebrates first high school graduates
Zach Kelly, 17, from John Barsby, said graduation feels like he’s free and he’s finally moving on with his life. He plans to head to Vancouver Island University for its engineering transfer program before going to the University of Victoria for his bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering.
As for students just starting high school, his advice is to go in with some confidence.
“Don’t be shy, it’s not going to be as hard as you think and you’ll get through it,” he said.
Jaeger recommends getting a solid group of friends, pointing out that she, Williams and Paloposki have been together since kindergarten, while Williams said not to worry too much.
“As long as you do work, you are going to graduate and you don’t have to stress about every little thing; just be with your friends, have a good time,” she said.
news@nanaimobulletin.comLike us on Facebook and follow us on TwitterThe Story of Your Data Journey
Disparate data tells a lot about us. In this talk, I show you how this will affect future generations.
Go Home B2C, You’re Drunk.
Everyone thinks marketing is all about B2C but B2B is where it’s really at…we myth bust.
DisrupTV Interview: London Tech Scene
L ondon Tech Scene with Constellation Research CEO, R ‘Ray’ Wang and Salesforce Chief Digital Evangelist, Vala Afshar.Net Nanny includes time controls to block kids from the internet when they should be asleep, at school, doing homework or chores.
Because you can set up an account for each child, older children can be given longer time limits for school projects, online games or streaming videos..
One of the most unique features of Net Nanny is the profanity blocker that masks swear words on websites so your child can’t see or read them.
It also prevents children from typing these words into search fields and chat messages.
Some even send alerts when 'watch words' are texted to their mobile - meaning you can safeguard them from harm no matter where they are. Website blockers have a lot of functions that can be confusing or too obtrusive for you parenting styling.
The program sends an email alert if your child enables a proxy or privacy server to hide their internet searches.Website blockers provide an easy way to prevent your child accessing age in-appropriate content, and protecting for shocking images or news.Qustodio works on both computers and smartphones, and it has 29 filter categories and useful time controls.Follow Me
Kathleen Barber
Gallery Books
Audrey Miller’s a young up-and-coming professional with a honed and toned body who lives her life online for all to see. She has millions of followers and admirers on social media, but her glamorous online life doesn’t pay the bills. When she lands a job with the Smithsonian it entails a move to Washington DC, renting a barely adequate basement apartment—and encountering some serious problems. Unknown to Audrey her online presence has attracted a stalker, and she’s just walked into his neighborhood…
In turns intriguing, mysterious and paranoia-inducing . . .
Audrey’s life in DC unfolds in a genuinely creepy fashion. She slowly becomes aware that something isn’t right with her new world. Her landlord’s grandson seems over-friendly. Her best friend Cat is an ambitious lawyer, but her insecurity and emotionally dysfunctional personality makes her a useful foil for Audrey, who can hide her own insecurities behind Cat’s behavior. Audrey’s on-again off-again relationship with her ex boyfriend Nick only clouds her mind when she wants to focus on if, how and why she’s being stalked. Does Nick care about her problems, or is he gaslighting her? When a specialist app suggests someone invaded her apartment while she was asleep, Audrey’s world descends into nightmare. Mistrust, paranoia and unexpected revelations–who can Audrey trust, and can she uncover the stalker?
Follow Me is told from three different viewpoints, those of Audrey, her best friend Cat, and “Him,” the mysterious stalker. In turns intriguing, mysterious and paranoia-inducing, Barber doesn’t let up the pressure in this deftly-written novel of our ultra-modern lives.This is Stila’s newest Stay All Day liquid eyeliner. It’s a felt tip liner that is really easy to use and the formula doesn’t run or smudge! It comes in 6 other shades as well. This shade is called “Cobalt” ($21) and you can find it online at Stila.com or at your local Sephora store. You can wear it with fun colorful eyeshadows, you can pair it with a bright red lipstick, or you can wear it with a neutral eyeshadow and let it stand alone as a bright pop of color!
35.346462 -120.8441441 discussion due in 24 hours.
DUE IN 24 HOURS
Assignment: Discussion Question — Just Walk on By
Read: Just Walk on By: A Black Man Ponders his Power to Alter Public Space by Brent Staples
Discussion Question: Have you ever been in a situation such as the ones Brent Staples describes, where you perceived someone (or someone perceived you) as threatening? How did you react? After reading Staples’s essay, do you think you would react the same way now? In what order does Staples present his examples? What are some of the examples he uses in the essay?
Your discussion grade will be based on the thoroughness, accuracy, and insightful response; also, your use of correct spelling, grammar, sentence structure and paragraph format. Develop at least the minimum word count of 350 words. Should include an introduction paragraph, one body paragraph, and a concluding paragraph; use at least 12-inch font, times new roman, indent your paragraphs, and double space the document. Send the final assignment as an attachment file.
Be sure you spell check your statements. Read the entire forum question before responding
Need your ASSIGNMENT done? Use our paper writing service to score better and meet your deadline.
Click Here to Make an Order Click Here to Hire a WriterIf you are in the military there are plenty of reasons why you might consider shipping your vehicle. Whether you are going through a PCS, moving to a base, or moving out of your base, you might need to transport your privately owned vehicle. Going through a PCS can be stressful for the entire family. At Guardian Auto Transport we are here to provide a stress free service for you and your family. As a thank you for your service, we offer military discounts for all of our active military and veterans.
Where to Start
The best thing you can do to minimize the stress of a PCS or a military relocation is to plan. Failing to prepare, prepares you to fail. PPM’s are usually the preferred method for relocating because they offer more control and flexibility for you and your family. You should spend the time to thoroughly research transportation companies and check their reviews when you are planning to ship your vehicle. Here at Guardian Auto Transport we only work with the top 10% of auto carriers in the industry. This is to ensure a stress free experience during your transportation service. The sooner you do this the better. We recommend booking at least two weeks before your relocation just to ensure you can get a spot reserved for your vehicle on the dates that you need.
Preparing Your Vehicle For Shipping
After you have booked your order to transport your vehicle, just make sure that it is properly prepared Items
Even though your vehicle is insured 100% from the time that it is loaded onto the trailer until the time is unloaded, your personal belongings are not insured. Going through a move you most likely will have plenty of personal items that need to be moved with you as well. Per the Department of Transportation you allowed to ship up to 100 lb’s of cargo in your vehicle during transportation. Your cargo must remain secured below the window level, must be in the rear or trunk of the car, with nothing behind the driver seat. We Advise not shipping any of your valuables in the car during transport to avoid damage. For more information on how to prepare your vehicle for transportation click here!
Guardian Auto Transport Has Your Back
We work with military families every day and we do our best to ensure a stress free transportation service for you and your family. When you speak with one of our shipping agents be sure to let them know you are active military or a veteran so we can give you a military discount.!More_4<< […]
The Liverpool striker is offering seven 10-year loans with the latest move
Liverpool winger Sheyi Ojo has gone on loan for the seventh time in her 10 years at Anfield, despite the club preferring a sale this summer. Ojo joined Red as a teenager back in 2011 and became the most expensive 14-year-old in football after his £ 2 million transfer from MK Dons. He showed plenty […]
Edouard names a great task ahead as the forward seals the transfer of the negotiating Palace
Crystal Palace has completed the signing of forward Odsonne Edouard on a four-year contract that keeps the Frenchman at Selhurst Park until the summer of 2025. Edouard , who has been heavily touted for a Celtic Park outing over the past year, moved to southeast London for a fee of around £ 16 million. The […]
Wolves endure mixed fortunes with a trade through, two collapsing late
Wolves endured a turbulent deadline the day after pushing a midfielder through before two late approaches failed, per. More reports. Bruno Lages page missing another point in the new Premier League campaign. Despite a number of encouraging displays, they are also still looking for their first goal. A busy deadline day was expected and the […]
Andre Gray explains ‘easy decision’ as Watford striker secures loan flow
QPR have signed Andre Gray on a season-long loan from Watford, with the striker explaining exactly what appealed to him over the move to Loftus Road. The 30-year-old reunited with R’s boss Mark Warburton in west London. The couple previously worked at Brentford during the 2014-15 campaign. Gray scored 17 league goals that season as […]
The talented Arsenal striker enters into a new deal before embarking on a Holland loan
Talented Arsenal winger Reiss Nelson has signed a new contract with the club before taking out a loan spell for Dutch giants Feyenoord. Nelson, who made his Gunners debut at the age of 17 in Community Shield 2017, has found himself out of favor with boss Mikel Arteta. The 21-year-old enjoyed a successful loan spell […]18.21 Man Made Oil - Beard, Hair & Skin Absolute Mahogany 2 oz
- Brand:: 18.21 Man Made
- Product Code: EMM 145
- Availability: 24
Inspired by the iconic heritage of Route 66, this beard, hair & skin oil is a professional-grade, premium oil blend that locks in healthy hydration for weightless, conditioning strength in skin and hair..
The non-greasy formula calms and conditions for smooth, healthy hair and skin. The light, unique formula makes hair feel thicker, without adding any weight. It will also help treat and calm rough, dry and flaky skin.
A lot of guys don’t think to pamper themselves. Looks like it’s up to you. Introduce Dad, best bud or birthday boy to a product they’ll never turn back from.Mar 29 2016 nbsp 0183 32From time to time a video of a Conley v8 engine pops up while surfing the web for cool RC stuff and there s not much that is cooler than a running 1 4scale engine They can be setup on a run stand and used as a sweet display on your desk or you can take it one step further and stuff it into a
Jun 21 2017 nbsp 0183 32This 1 4 Scale Visible V8 Engine Plastic Assembly Kit from Revell is the winner of the 2008 Parents Choice Award and Silver Honor – 1995 Doing amp Learning Toys What better way to see how an internal combustion engine works than to be able to see all of the parts move As you turn the crank each of the parts move just like the real thing
RollsRoyce V12 Merlin II is the design of choice that Authentic Scale bases all its radiator watercooled engines RollsRoyce began the design of the Merlin 12 cylinder 60 degrees 27 liter liquid cooled aircraft engine in the early 1930s
This is a 1 4 Visible V8 Engine Plastic Assembly Kit from RevellMonogram This is a skill level 3 model recommended for ages 12 and up
Aug 19 2014 nbsp 0183 32 quotHowell VTwin quot 4Cycle Gas Engine JEH quotHowell VTwin quot Engine page Here s some info about this VTwin Engine Build Kit 32cc This is a VTwin engine that is machined entirely from bar stock It has no prototype as it is entirely my own design Being a single crank pin 90 degree engine it is extremely smooth and vibration free
Nov 13 2011 nbsp 0183 32It s real the 1 2 scale engine s are made by Tom Sieber The Little Indian Comes Alive Winger and Indian couple of years ago Dick Winger showed up at the AMCA national meet at Eustis Florida with a 50 scale working model of an Indian Vtwin engine built by Tom Sieber of
While there are a number of running 188 scale V8 engines out there we do not know of any other 1 6 scale V8 s that run and still accurately represent a fullsize mass produced engine Jim s miniature Chevrolet 327 is a masterpiece down to the tiny firing order numbers in the intake manifold
Quarter Scale V12 Rolls Royce Merlin It doesn t get much more ambitious than this project The Merlin was the engine that powered Spitfires and P51 Mustangs to victory in World War 2 What an iconic power plant and what an amazing project Full build details here
13 days ago nbsp 0183 32Ford is dropping one of three production shifts at its Essex engine plant in Windsor Ontario in October because of waning demand for 5 0liter V8 engines
Dec 01 2009 nbsp 0183 32It is a quarter scale V8 engine a running model made by Aeromarine It is AWESOME I m not sure if it is meant to power a boat as they are in the boating aspect of the RC business or just to sit there run and look cool But either way as I said it is awesome Edit If you want one you better order soon as there are only ten left
1 4 scale Aluminum engine block and heads Chevrolet V8 NASCAR Engine Richard Childress Racing Dale Earnhardt sr This engine features Removable air cleaner Removable carburetor Moving pistons Moving valves Working belts and pulleys Team specific valve covers Clear sections to view internal parts Inner assembly and casting details Diecast
Radial and V12 Scale Engines All internal and external parts are CNC machined from Solid Bar bar stock absolutely no castings or forgings used Most parts made with aircraft aluminum 7075 T651 for extra strength Crankshaft parts made with Steel C45 amp C50 Valves made with an alloy of Titanium Nickel Chromium
Jan 06 2017 nbsp 0183 32Nearly three years in the making behold the raw power and precision of this 1 3scale V10 engine Coming in at 125 cubic centimeters displacement Keith
Hobbylinc carries 18 plastic model engines at discounts up to 40 The most popular plastic model engines brands include RevellMonogram Haynes Roden Model Aircrafts Minicraft Models and Airfix
Eugene Corl built this 1 3 scale Chevy V88
Jan 12 2014 nbsp 0183 32Hello all After completing a V8 I decided I wanted to do another engine V8 and V12 have been done so I thought I d try a V10 Initial research showed there wasn t much info out there but I figured out the firing order and crank design eventually To get an even firing sequence the block vee should be 72 degrees to match the crank angles
Liberty Classics Chevy Street Rod Engine Replica 1 6th Scale Die Cast by Liberty 4 2 out of 5 stars 20 41 40 41 40 Get it as soon as Tue May 7 FREE Shipping by Amazon Only 14 left in stock order soon More Buying Choices 34 99 13 new offers Ages 3 months 8 years
RC4WD 1 10 V8 Scale EngineRC4WD 1 10 V8 Scale Engine Highly detailed and super realistic This allows you to hide your 540 motor inside the scale engine to make your build even more realistic Pair it with the R4 transmission and you have an unbeata
The QuarterScale Merlin is a 25 scale model of the RollsRoyce Merlin which powered many of the most famous Warbirds of WWII including the P51 Mustang and Spitfire This engine is intended to fly a 25 scale model of this type of airplane at scale speed and with scale sound eduional tool on the inner workings and construction of a V8 engineAuthor TS O’Neil is here today. We’re talking about his new action and adventure novel, Mexican Hat Trick.!
Bio:.
Welcome, TS. Please share a little bit about your current release.
Mexican Hat Trick is the fourth book in the Blackfox Chronicles. In this book, Eidetic Eddie Doyle, a retired Police Detective, and Private Investigator heads to Mexico to investigate an apparel counterfeiting case and finds a dead informant instead. Eddie has appeared in all of my novels and is a favorite character for many readers. He has an eidetic or photographic memory and is, therefore, good at solving mysteries.
What inspired you to write this book?
What inspired you to write this book?
In a former life, I used to be a corporate security director involved in trademark anti-counterfeiting work. I was responsible for all of Latin America and I had a small group of private Investigators that worked for me. We used to do undercover operations, and we were able to orchestrate the seizures of loads counterfeit jeans and other apparel. We worked in concert with federal and state investigative agencies in places like Colombia and Mexico to seize counterfeit goods and shut down the factories that produced them. It was an interesting job, and I thought I would share a fictionalized version of the experiences with my readers.
Excerpt from Mexican Hat Trick:
Chapter Four - Eddie Doyle
Chapter Four - Eddie Doyle
O’Bannon thought the mission was important enough to dispatch his personal jet to take Eddie to Torreon. The jet had just reached a preliminary cruising altitude and the young male flight attendant returned with his cocktail. The kid’s name tag said, Josh. He sported a diamond earring and blue tinted hair, apparently having not yet realized that both affectations were career limiting.
Eddie sat back in the jet’s plush leather seat and relaxed—his PI business had taken him to some interesting places, but this is the first time he had graced the passenger compartment of a Gulfstream G650. He took a sip of his Belvedere Vodka and Tonic served in a heavy crystal glass and smiled. A fella could get used to this, he thought.
He had been called ‘Eidetic Eddie’ since joining the Pinellas County Sheriff’s Department half a lifetime ago. His uncanny ability to remember minor details about crimes over time helped solved many cases. Like the time, he was called to investigate a streetwalker’s death—apparently due to a hit and run. Eddie found a small silver dollar sized welt on the woman’s forehead with two tiny puncture wounds from which Eddie retrieved an even tinier red ruby. Years previous during a police roll call, Eddie, then a patrolman, had sat through a briefing about a violent pimp who carried a cane with a gold skull on the handle that sported two raised ruby eyes. And the rest, as they say, is history.
Eddie could have used his skill to be anything he wanted to be, but nothing excited him as much as catching a perp. He had a 100% clearance rate for major crimes, and his reputation was well known throughout Pinellas County. One wanted felon serial burglar presented himself for arrest after learning that Eddie had been asking around about him, famously announcing, “If Eddie is on your tail, you might as well turn yourself in.”
His most famous case involved a local mafia capo known as Sally Boots. Eddie had spent the better part of his career trying to bring the mobster to justice, finally bringing him down in a hail of gunfire as Sally committed suicide by cop. Eddie had become acquainted with Char and Michael Blackfox during that period. Char had conspired with Sally to rob a casino boat loaded with gold. Honor among thieves being what it is, Sally double-crossed his co-conspirators in order to abscond with the loot. It was hidden before he could do so and lay undisturbed for over thirty years—until Char and Michael returned to recover it. They had appropriated Sally’s eighty-foot yacht in the process and escaped with over a million dollars in gold coins. Eddie had almost caught them in the process but had to settle for shooting Sally Boots to death.
Char and Michael had managed to receive state pardons for all past misdeeds. Eddie was never sure of the predicate actions that engendered the pardon, except that it involved Michael’s military expertise—he being a former officer in Marine Force Recon and it took place somewhere in South America. He and Char were returning to the U.S. via the Keys after several years of traveling the Caribbean, in the aforementioned yacht, ironically renamed the Good as Gold. During that time, Michael had fallen in love with Sophia, a Colombian doctor, whose was callously murdered by an Irish hitman she had treated for a grievous stab wound.
Michael and Char sought revenge and hired Eddie to assist in the effort. Past adversaries became allies and then fledging friends. Michael was a good man thrust into a difficult situation by his father, a guy known for playing fast and loose with the law—at least, in the past. Now in his early sixties, Char had rekindled a relationship with his ex-wife, and they were both presumably, living the good life as owners of an art gallery in Key West. Both of these men were good to have on your side in a firefight. Anything short of that, however, proved challenging. Their training had made them both ball peen hammers, perpetually in search of nails—lacking in the finer arts of dialogue and diplomacy, but effective at hammering the shit out of things.
Eddie finished a drink, and the steward brought him another. “It’s another two hours to Torreon—might as well have another. Lunch will be served in a short while. Medallions of Beef in a sauce of red wine and mushrooms with fingerling potatoes. It’s from the flight kitchen, but it’s usually pretty tasty,” said Josh.
Eddie nodded, unsure of what to say. “Better than what I had planned.”
“Yeah, the pilot told me to make sure you’re comfortable, so let me know if you’re not.” Josh retreated to the galley. He was right--the food turned out to be pretty good. He drank some strong Italian coffee after dinner and felt relatively sober upon landing. There was a car waiting for him planeside—the formalities of immigration and customs apparently dispensed with via proxy. Eddie turned on his phone and sorted through the voicemail messages. He listened to the call from O’Bannon and returned it.
O’Bannon didn’t mince any words. “The guy you were supposed to meet turned up dead.”
I’m thinking of writing a dystopian Sci-Fi novel about the earth after a disaster befell it—a comet or something. A group of survivors—some military and government officials, try to reconstitute the government, but to do so, they have to journey to Alaska using no modern technology.
When did you first consider yourself a writer?
When did you first consider yourself a writer?
Although I’ve written four novels, I still don’t consider myself a writer as I’ve yet to be able to earn enough to consider myself a professional don’t write full time. I’m actually a Cyber Security consultant for a full-time occupation and like to do woodworking projects in my spare time.
What would you say is your interesting writing quirk?
What would you say is your interesting writing quirk?
I had to ask my wife. We came to the following conclusion: In all my books, I like to write about food. In lots of books, you might read that the character sat down to eat, but in my books, you’ll read what he or she actually ate, how it was prepared and perhaps whether it was any good. I believe that a writer should try and appeal to as many senses as possible.
As a child, what did you want to be when you grew up?
I grew up wanting to be a Special Agent, like my father. I was planning on going into the F.B.I. and my father arranged for an interview as he was a career Special Agent with the Intelligence Division; now called the Criminal Investigations Division of the IRS. I was offered a job as a Fingerprint Examiner; an entry level position that would have allowed me to eventually become a Special Agent, but I would have had to move to Washington and live like a serf, so I turned down the position.
Anything additional you want to share with the readers?
Anything additional you want to share with the readers?
Please buy my first book, Tampa Star, and that will hook you in the series.
Links:
Links:
Thank you for being a guest on my blog!
6 comments:
Thanks for hosting!
Congrats on the tour, the book looks great, and thanks for the chance to win :)
Great post - I enjoyed reading it! thanks for sharing:)
What is the best book that you read recently? Thanks for the giveaway. I hope that I win. Bernie W BWallace1980(at)hotmail(d0t)com
Great post!
Congrats on the new book and good luck on the book tour!Attach a Keyguard to your Indi with Keyguard Holder to improve access for individuals with fine motor concerns.
Keyguard for Indi with Core First: 6 x 6 vocabulary grid, 7 x 7 total grid including message window and toolbar (see image).
A keyguard is a transparent plastic plate that sits above the buttons on your Indi tablet. Keyguards require the Durable Case Kit with Keyguard Holder (sold separately).
Product no: 12005594
Keyguard for Indi with TD Snap
(Reference price, does not include local taxes or shipping costs)INTRODUCTION
What is our job as games educators today? A common answer to this question is to generate hireability. It seems like the value of game education hinges on our ability to integrate prospective game developers into an existing labour market. This labour market appears in our institutional meta narratives and is often connected to an unchallenged set of “best practices”: Scrumming, pitching, jamming, failing early, specialising, polishing portfolios. In short, we prepare students for a life in which they live for videogames in order to make a living. In which they become hireable.
But lately, we start hearing different stories. Games, as profitable as they are, are becoming an increasingly unstable industry. And one that burns out highly talented creatives at a mindboggling rate. Devs in so-called employment relationships live in the constant fear of being laid off after the next project; if hey don’t collapse from burn out before that.
It starts early. As a highly productive student in one of my recent classes proudly wrote into their course resume “To finish my game, I had to break up with my significant other”.
The student felt they had to ditch a loved one over a BA student videogame. This was happening in a design school, mind you, whose leading faculty pushed hard for the artistic and political valency of videogames in their curriculum; an idealism crushed under the tangible dictate of hireability.
Couched in the provisional safety of my own precarious academic niche, I watch the most talented students buy into and burn out inside this paradigm. It’s a well-documented ritual, starting with generous investments into the promise of a well-paying job. I see students take out horrendous loans and work multiple jobs to pursue the dream of becoming a video game rockstar. Due to their passion and hard work, they land an internship or a junior position, most of the time not in their core field of interest (“Oh you are a woman, you should be our community manager”).
A new report by the Higher Education Video Games Alliance (HEVGA) suggests that while game dev alumni have no problem finding a job after university, their job satisfaction steadily decreases over the years. This tends to be gendered as well – women and LGBT+ folks are more likely to drop out more quickly. The reason? Rampant misogyny and other forms of discrimination, such as toxic assumptions about unpaid labour, extra advocacy work combined with a loss of purpose. From the perspective of institutional performance ratings, we’re sorta fine with that. The students were hireable after all.
The problem is that the idea of hireability is based on a 1950’s cliché of a secure labour market. I remember when my nan, who held a life-time employment under the conditions of a soaring 1950s Austrian economy used to ask me: “Have you found “a” position yet”? Or, in an attempt to encourage me: “You will certainly find a position you like”. What she meant, of course, in either of these cases, was life-time employment relationship inside a secure and thriving company designed to sustain my mental and physical well-being. Stable salary, paid vacation and a nice Christmas bonus.
We need to face the facts and start asking other questions, harder questions: Questions that don’t originate in quantification. Such as: How will students have a stable life in an industry which doesn’t seem to offer one? How do we ensure our students will thrive while doing game design for a living? While game education certainly cannot solve the problems of neoliberalism and the current gig economy, it can take this question to heart and formulate strategies which are more versatile and sustainable in addressing our students’ futures.
I think of this challenge in terms of a question I ask my students in my mind: Did my course equip you to define your space in games culture? Did you learn skills which actually allowed you to express what you want to express? Do these skills bring opportunities which enable you to build a sustainable life? But this is the future. Back to the now. In the now, we face the serious challenge how we might we go about teaching such skills.
The answer I present in this talk is experimental, and rudimentary. For now, let’s call it teaching games that care – or rather the making thereof. Here is a disclaimer: My idea of Games that Care is not intended to claim that it can save a structurally broken economy. It intends to teach students to find new contexts and consumer groups, and be less dependent on existing markets and industry logics. It is supposed to inspire deep connections to the real world, by encouraging students to work on what they genuinely care about.
I started being interested in this approach while writing on my thesis on games and bereavement, which is now available as a book. In Games and Bereavement, I was interested in developing meaningful ways to represent attachment, loss, and grief experiences in videogames. This interest was borne from the conflict that – in 2011 – these subjects seemed fundamental to human experience and absent in games.
The stakes were personal. When my baby Nico died in 2004, I found one way of coping with this by rebuilding my experience in The Sims 2. I was able to design two young adults to the liking of my partner and me. A baby was born through the sanitary animation which did nothing to simulate the hard work that is birth. And at the point at which Nico was supposed to die, the Sims 2 resisted: It did not let me represent my experience. This game about life literally did not support mine. By disabling the death of babies, the game symbolically erased the experience of thousands of other ex-parents like me, expressing the unspeakableness of our fate through its mechanics.
Finding mechanics which care, then, seemed crucial to me. And it seemed like a good idea to do so by collaborating with students and other bereaved mothers. Parts of this project were presented at GDC 2017. Today it’s the first time that I talk about the didactic side. Before I continue, I want to note that teaching grief-based game design may appear like it’s on the extreme end of what a game design subject can be. This is because it’s such a stigmatised topic. To many of us, grief is as ordinary and essential as drinking water. And that’s why I chose to work with it. I want to encourage you, however, to think how the teaching methods I present in this talk may relate to what you find ordinary and essential. And how you might introduce that to your curricula.
I also want to note that the methods I used don’t come out of the blue, but they have histories, in the plural. One of these histories is the long-standing tradition of participatory design, and its more recent mapping to game development. Participatory design emerged as a politically motivated methodology – driven by unions and workers – to include end users in the design process of their future working environments.
In a game development context, the importance of the user has been emphasised as well, especially in player-centric design. One example is Tracy Fullerton’s classic Game Design Workshop which now celebrates its 4th edition. In the development process, it is essential to many studios to conduct play testing in later stages of game development to give feedback on a fully formed concept. However, participatory game design goes a step further. It insists on the inclusion of users and experience experts early on in the process. This can have two advantages: First, It grounds technology in the world of real players and their needs. Secondly, it lets these needs inspire new technologies, and new contexts of use.
Participatory game design has been used in various settings around the world, but there’s two examples that have had a particular impact on my work. These are the Deep Games Lab at Chicago’s DePaul University, and the Denmark-based Game Girl Workshop. The Deep Games Lab teaches design processes which are built on experiential resonance between maker and design. Students are taught how to work with the symbolic language of people who have gone through difficult yet common experiences, like eating disorders, depression, or domestic violence. The explicit goal is to use game design as a way to foster a deeper understanding of these experiences rather than designing for a measurable “purpose”.
The Game Girl Workshop is one of the earliest Europe-based feminist game-focused initiatives, using a semi-professional all-female setup to guide girls and teenagers through a development workshop from scratch to finish. A core pedagogic principle is to increase the girls’ self-efficacy in a world basically designed against them. It is to encourage their voices, opinions, priorities through game making. It does not expect these priorities to align or compete with common game development paradigms. Game development should make space for what is.
By learning from these efforts, my work is part of a wider community spirit which desperately needs game development to change from rationalised, optimized information processing to practices of care.
TEACHING JOCOI
This long, but necessary introduction takes me to the agenda for the rest of this talk. My ambition is to give you a vertical slice of some of the didactic decisions that went into teaching Jocoi – a game about grief. I will not go into much depth with the design elements of Jocoi, the game that was produced during this course. Those of you who are interested in it can check out my previous GDC talk or find the game on itch.io. Instead, I will talk about my teaching methodology as a case of how care as a dev skill might be introduced into our teaching curricula.
I will start by talking about the context of how the participatory game design was set up and who participated. Then I’ll talk about how I prepared the class, and how the dialogue between students and participants impacted ideation. I then move towards usability testing and the question how to evaluate a game made with and for grievers. Each of these steps involved interesting risks and challenges, I will reflect on along the way, and in a brief final question: why care?
About the context of this class: Our participants were four white women in their 30s who responded to a call channeled through the Austrian self-help group Regenbogen (German: Rainbow).
My student team was composed of white, predominantly male BA game engineering students in their early 20s who took the course as an elective at the Aalborg University Copenhagen. The course stretched over a period of three months, during which the students developed the game Jocoi I mentioned before.
When it came to the women, their motivations to join this project were political and personal. On a political level, they shared the hope to create awareness of pregnancy loss as an ordinary experience worthy of destigmatisation. They had no particular interest in videogames, but they were enthusiastic about the outlook of being included. On a personal level, the women shared a hope to remember and celebrate their experience of motherhood, even beyond death. They expressed this in the way they gave their foetuses names and spoke of them as children. For them, keeping in touch with the inner images of their their late children was important, even years after the loss.
The students took the course mainly to complete their BA course credits and to create an innovative game with a deep message.In short, motivations differed. My teaching challenge would be to find a way of facilitating a conversation between these groups. An additional challenge was that the two groups were located in different countries and spoke different languages, which required cross-cultural mediation techniques.
I found one such technique in an approach called Muse-based game design by Rilla Khaled. Rilla suggests that dividing the roles in a design team between those who inspire – the muses, and those who create can be helpful to structure a participatory design process. In Rilla’s words: “[M]use- based game design [is] an experimental empathic design approach foregrounding a dialogic artist – muse relationship between a game designer and player. Following a user research stage focused on learning about the player, the designer forms idiosyncratic design constraints inspired by and relating to the player, which are then used to inspire ideation” (Khaled 2012).
In Rilla’s original pedagogic setting, students are the ones conducting this research stage. But in our intercultural setting it was more useful to gather Muses data beforehand and provide it in a semi-processed shape at the beginning of the class. The data handed to the students included images and transcribed conversations of a muse workshop carried out prior to the course.
PREPARING THE CLASS
Needless to say, this required some preparation. Prior to the course, I ran a “muse workshop” in which the women explored a single question: What did their relationships to their babies feel like? They explored this question through an imagination exercise: What if they could visit their baby on a planet? In response to this question, the Muses created metaphorical images and eventually mock-ups of their relationships, informative of their current grief situation.
In other words, they started a process of symbolic modelling, constructing haptic worlds which my students engaged with over the course of the semester. When I went about constructing the teaching materials, I noticed in great horror the risk I had set myself up for with this method: I could translate and transcribe what had been said and done in the workshop. But would I be able to honour all the small gestures creating affective bonds between the muses and myself?
All the small talk, laughs, nods, coffee breaks, and collective sweating in a hot room during early July: these were things which contributed to the way the mock-ups were designed. Would these be lost in translation? Ironically, the act of writing about experience erased some of it. On the other hand, this created some speculative room for students’ engagement with the models. What mechanics, aesthetics, and dynamics did the mock-ups invoke? What speculations did they inspire? And how did the students connect to these worlds? These were important questions during ideation.
One symbol that drew the students’ attention early on was a mockup we called the cave. The cave was built by a woman who defined her setting in an excruciating amount of detail. The cave was composed of two layers, an inner cave and an outer cave, surrounded by an island. Inside the cave lived the baby, which had to be nourished by an army of playable characters – all of them family members and friends.
The goal of the cave was to make the family leave in a spaceship. But first they needed to collaborate to make the baby grow enough to be left behind safely. The students created a paper prototype and added features; multiple playable characters, multi-layered level design, customisable audio and lighting, lock-and-key puzzles, shape-shifting, feeding and holding mechanics, an atmosphere which conveyed being in an eternal space, oh, and what if you could build the spaceship?
The feature list grew and grew, as did the doubts as to whether this could be possibly achieved within the constraints of a 3-month project. At the same time, leaving out the slightest detail from the mockup – wouldn’t that necessarily mean misrepresenting the women?
This was a good moment to step back and remember the laws and limitations of representation. According to British media scholar Stuart Hall, representation does not reflect reality. It constructs it It is not outside the event, not after the event, but within the event itself; it is constitutive of it. This means it is virtually impossible to represent truth. Not even through engineering. For my students, this meant learning to embrace their own interpretations of the planet mock-ups. What did they see, feel, and understand about them? what constructed their genuine truth about it?
This insistence on embracing what personally speaks to you – is something I learned from Rusch’s work on symbolic game design in her insightful book Making Deep Games. Doris recommends to rely on the developers’ personal symbols and associations when creating games about emotional subjects. I would add that this is especially important in participatory settings: Rather than overwriting the statement of your partner by trying to represent them truly, use your own, different words to create a genuine response. Being vulnerable is a game development skill.
When taking their own perspectives seriously, the students started identifying symbols in the mockups that interested them more than others. They also started seeing blind spots in the women’s conversations which were essential for understanding their grief. For instance the women had taken a perspective of survivorship rather than grief. Death was more of an unspoken reality framing the wish to stay connected with their babies.
To honour this reality, the students decided to model loss in Jocoi’s control scheme. In the game, the player first builds up a connection between a mother sheep and her lamb, through a shared control (the left mouse button). After the lamb is lost in an earthquake, the button, which used to facilitate child care is no longer available. This is supposed to make players feel a sense of loss on the physical haptic level of gameplay rituals.
MEASURING EMOTION?
One of the most daunting questions was how to teach suitable methods for evaluating Jocoi. I decided to let the students figure it out by themselves. This led to some exciting frustrations. For the first iteration of the game, the students decided to conduct usability tests with fellow university colleagues, using quantitative questionnaires.
Their main concern was functionality – which they divided into two parts: Did players know what to do? And did players know what to feel? While the first part returned clear results, the second part – did the players feel the right thing – produced messy data. The playtesters seemed incapable of identifying their emotions by choosing the correct options in the questionnaire. This uncertainty confused and frustrated the students.
It took some work to unpack the root of their frustrations. As it turned out, the questionnaire had been built on a common myth in affective engineering: The idea that developers can engineer user emotions by making “correct” design choices. In this paradigm, an information unit is triggered in a user when they interact with technology.
This myth is summarised in the brilliant research of Kirsten Boehner and colleagues who write: “In affective computing, affect is often taken to be another kind of information—discrete units or states internal to an individual that can be transmitted in a loss-free manner from people to computational systems and back” (Boehner et al 2007).
This myth suits engineers because it translates complex emotion into quantifiable information units. But scientifically speaking, there is not much evidence that that’s really how emotion works.Instead, What the researchers suggest is that emotion is more like a web of messy interactions rather than information units.
For my students, what kind of UX methods were out there to measure emotion as interaction? Spoilers: very few. We ended up with a method called Cultural Probes. This method was first used in the context of urban design by Bill Gaver and colleagues. Cultural probes are small activity packs given users with the hope for inspirational feedback. The package is handed over in a little ritual and after that the user engages with the contents, and returns them at their own pace.
In most cases, probes are used as a way to establish a connection with unknown research participants. In our case, it served as a tool for reconnecting, and testing the second iteration with the muses. The package contained post cards, the game prototype, and a personalised scrapbook. These materials were supposed to invite the muses to think about the workshop, the game prototype, and their mother-child relationship.
On the day the probes were launched, the disadvantages of this loose method became relatively clear. Two of the four muses had to cancel the ritual, and then had technical issues with the game. Since other probe contents depended playing the game, they had to be returned blank. However, the probes which were returned were of great value for the polishing stage of Jocoi. By now, the students had learned that the muses were supposed to inspire rather than dictate their process. The probes offered additional support in crafting an appropriate atmosphere and feel of Jocoi’s world.
Overall, what the students had learned from exploring quantitative versus speculative UX methods was the value of associative, ephemeral feedback which was less quantifiable but more rich.
So why care? The processes, tools, and learnings I have discussed in this talk are in many ways a lesson of care through engineering. Guiding my students through a development dialogue with grievers was a way of confronting some basic myths in video game engineering, and updating them to respect the real world, and each other. It is important that one source of respect is respect for one’s own vision.
Games that care do not simply care about players, or in-game representations. They care about those who make them, too. They commit to decisions which resonate with and validate creators. Games that care cannot promise my students to find a stable life inside a troubled economy. It cannot prevent them from breaking up over a videogame course. But it can inspire the choice to develop games they care about. And this may lay the foundations for a more full, potentially interesting worklife.
EPILOGUE
Months after the end of the project, one of the participants asked me to present the game at a self-help group networking event in Vienna. Strolling through the room, I noticed a heavy photo album displayed near the entrance of the group’s office. When casually flipping through the pages, I stumbled over a section called “our mourning game”)which contained two photographs from the project. The images were carefully arranged and glued on thick dark blue paper. One of them showed a still from the game, the other one displayed two of the Muses looking over my shoulder. I cannot remember having this photo taken.
The photo album reminded me of the real purpose of this course. By including a group of Muses into a BA game development course, we had incidentally created a memorial technology for them which they were both keen on showing off to others and saving as a cherished memory. By going through a process of careful engineering, the students had helped found this entirely new user context of grief-based development, and contributed to a meaningful dialog around a stigmatized subject. My job as a games educator was to walk with them a bit of the way, and watch them grow into complex, reflective makers of things
ACKNWOLEDGEMENTS
I would like to thank Ida Toft & Simon Nielsen for helping me develop this talk.Very best levels are these which reflect health. If you are serious about avoiding or ending private expertise with this disease, I’ve good news for you: the vast majority of the causes of cardiovascular disease are in our management. For example, one may do three minutes in the Aerobic Zone after which one minute on this Redline Zone and then again to the Aerobic Zone (this is called interval training and will likely be mentioned additional in a future article). Since the intensity is excessive, extra calories can be burned than inside the other three zones. There are several methods to observe the exercise intensity. There are five completely different training zones separated by 10% increments, every having completely different characteristics and benefits. Below 180 there may be increased danger of hemorrhagic stroke, depression, and suicide. “On the face of it, I am very low risk. Smokers not solely enhance the chance of getting disease to themselves but additionally to people around them who need to do passive or secondhand smoking. Milano stated that after first testing unfavorable for coronavirus and antibodies, she continued to have signs for 4 months – “like, vertigo, stomach abnormalities, irregular intervals, coronary heart palpitations, shortness of breath, zero quick time period memory, and basic malaise” – so she took one other antibody check. It makes me really feel like I’m doing something useful for my face.
I like to make use of skin-care products that my skin idols use. Moorfields Eye Hospital in London stated that solely a handful of patients have reported the symptom and if the virus have been to cause somebody to develop conjunctivitis, this is able to possible happen by means of “direct publicity of the floor of the attention to Covid-19”. This zone is so intense that only a few people can actually stay in this zone for the minimum 20 minutes, or even five minutes (you must solely practice in this zone if you are in very good condition and have been cleared by a physician to do so). We get disease if cholesterol is just too excessive or too low. WHEN Rachael Byrne first fell unwell a couple of weeks ago, the one symptom she recognised as being Covid-associated was her excessive temperature. “I wouldn’t recommend any individual use it to diagnose hypertension or for monitoring or therapy of high blood pressure. Although this zone has been criticized for not burning sufficient total calories, and for not being intense enough to get nice cardiorespiratory benefits, it has been shown to assist lower body fat, blood pressure and cholesterol. Warby additionally has bodily optical shops in some areas across the nation if you want to go in and check out frames that way, and many have reopened after being closed because of the pandemic. Research have proven that on this zone you can situation your fats mobilization (getting fats out of your cells) while conditioning your fats transportation (getting fat to muscles).
Research show that being pressured may cause our hair to fall out and can even cause scalp points. The balloon is then deflated. Then I take advantage of the skin toner by Vivant. Bromocriptine additionally relieves symptoms of chronic abuse, equivalent to formication (the sensation of insects crawling on the skin) and visible hallucinations. What are the coronavirus symptoms? Sometimes I’m wondering if I even have time for a pores and skin-care regimen. Is it me or has Trump’s hair gone from blonde to grey this week? The most common symptoms of lengthy Covid are starting to emerge nearly a yr into the pandemic. It is more widespread in kids. “This is very common in older age groups.
One way is to make use of the age predicted max HR components, whereby you subtract your age from 220. So, if you are forty years outdated, your predicted max HR could be 180 bpm. Another disconcerting reality is that the vast majority of illnesses are subclinical, that means they smolder under the floor for many years earlier than they’re acknowledged. Also, and this is not revealed to my data, but in my and several of my physician colleagues’ experiences, statins trigger depression or lack of motivation in nearly all of patients, in all probability attributable to alteration of cholesterol metabolism in the mind. Thus, only those cleared by a physician ought to do this check. I was just the Clinical Nurse Specialist (affected person advocate) a physician prescribes the treatment. I have not seen a specialist or talked with a doctor about it. Manners requested subjective doctor to help you keep track of sleep deprivation on driving. ” one consumer requested. These outcomes are seen using a graphical interface which allows the user to probe pressures and flows throughout the arterial system. ” a Twitter consumer questioned.help is here!Get Your business up and running
Have you moved to the Netherlands and want to start a business?
You’ve got a great business idea but you don’t speak or read Dutch! How are you going to find the right information quickly and get started?
So, this was us in late 2018, Louisa and Julie connected via a local Facebook group, met for a coffee and realised they had complementary skills. Louisa was running her award-winning Virtual Assistant business on her own and was looking to expand, take on bigger projects and have someone to bounce ideas off. Julie had just moved from the UK and being a ‘trailing spouse’ was trying to decide what to do with herself after 14 years of working in banking.
After working together on some client work, within a short time we clicked due to our common passion for process improvement and decided to take the plunge and go into partnership together as a VOF (Vennootschap onder firma).
So, this is where our journey starts, but what next and what to do first!
We developed this course in partnership with Expat Academy who host the course for us.
Learn all about setting up and registering your business in The Netherlands.
This is the course we wish we had when we set up our business!
Hang on….Isn’t this information already available?
From a quick google you may have already found the Dutch Chamber of Commerce / KVK website and know that you need to register your business, but what does that involve, do you need a company bank account, a website, a business plan???
So, this is why we created this course for you, so you have all the information and top tips in one place ready to get you going. Join us and we can share what we learned on our journey and you’ll have a good foundation to start your business.
What you get as part of the course
6 concise video modules of around 10-15 minutes that you can view at your own pace
Each module has assignments to help you build your business framework as you work through the course
Our knowledge and experience has been consolidated into one course, information we’ve found and learned along the way
Course Curriculum
Welcome from Julie Taylor & Louisa Stewart
Welcome – let’s get started
Module 1 – What to think about before you start
- What to think about before you start
- Assignment 1 – Define your reasons for Starting a Business
- Assignment 2 – Choosing your business name
Module 2 – Registering at the KVK
- Registering at the KVK
- Assignment 1 – Finding your local KVK and booking
- Assignment 2 – – Checklist – what you need for your KVK appointment
Module 3 – Selecting the right company bank account
- Selecting the right company bank account
- Assignment 1 – Developing a Business Plan
- Assignment 2 – Dos and Donts of Preparing a Business Plan
Module 4 – Developing your business identity
- Developing your business identity
- Assignment 1 – Ideas to developing a high-performing website
Module 5 – Finding your support network
- Finding your support network
- Assignment 1 – Develop a Kick-Ass LinkedIn Profile
Module 6 – Setting up your tools / documentation
- Setting up your tools / documentation
- Assignment 1 – SWOT Template
- Assignment 2 – Software comparison table
- Assignment 3 – CRM Report
A bit about the course developers Louisa Stewart & Julie Taylor
Louisa Stewart & Julie Taylor are non-Dutch speakers living in the Netherlands. Louisa started Blue Ninja Business Support as a sole trader (eenmanzaak) and when she met Julie they decided to go into partnership (VOF) in late 2018.
They have negotiated the challenges of being non-Dutch speakers setting up and running their company in The Netherlands.
A timeline of best practice would have helped them to get up and running quickly so they’ve created the course to help you.
“We’ve had a few oops moments and had to learn quickly. We’ve been there and done that and pulled all the information into one place.”
Still not sure? Watch Louisa and Julie as they share their story on registering Blue Ninja Business Support in The Netherlands.
I was actually very nervous because I didn’t know what it actually means opening a business here.Description
Arizona Golf resort subdivision. This is a charming 2 bedroom with a 3rd bedroom, den, or office. This home has been remodeled with a modern flare that includes new kitchen cabinets, beautiful Quartz counter top, modern tile flooring that is carefree-waterproof/scratch-proof LVP , and brand new kitchen appliances. Nice sized laundry room and storage shed. A 2 car garage gives entrance both to the home as well as the large backyard that has beautiful mature trees. Great location by Superstition Springs Mall, Banner Medical and much more. New HVAC system and complete vent redo. Roof replaced in 2019!!
Nearby Schools
Jefferson Elementary SchoolElementary School
Brimhall Junior High SchoolMiddle School
SkylineJournalists’ code is being retained, and the very possibility of journalists going to prison for doing their job, reinforces repressive mechanisms against the media,” the association said.
On Monday, Zoran Stojanovic, head of the Ministry’s working group for changes to the criminal code, said there would be no decriminalisation of libel and defamation, as deletion of those crimes from the law had nothing to do with meeting European justice standards.
“All countries in the EU have the crime of libel and defamation in their criminal code, so the question is whether we are going to look to Moldova and Georgia, which erased the crime from the law, or to Germany and Italy,” Stojanovic said.
But NUNS says comparisons with countries like Germany, which also has slander laws, were unhelpful. This is because in those countries 95 per cent of slander cases involving journalists are settled in private suits and not in criminal proceedings, it said.
Offenders found guilty of slander or defamation in the press, radio, television or at public meetings under the new criminal code could now face fines of 30,000 dinar [265€] to 300,000 [2,650€]. So far, the fines ranged from 100,000 dinar [880€] to a million dinar [8,800€].
For publishing facts about someone’s family life that violate their honour and reputation, offender faces up to a year’s imprisonment.
During 2011, there were 242 civil procedures against media owner, journalists and editors over published information, mostly invoving alleged violations of honour and reputations.
Stefano Sannino, the EU Director General for Enlargement, said during his visit to Belgrade in January that the European Commission supported the deletion of slander and defamation from the Serbian criminal code.Fruit Cake: Recipes for the Curious Baker (Hardcover).
Jason Schreiber honed his craft at the French Culinary Institute in New York City, but his education began years earlier in the kitchen of his childhood home in suburban New Jersey, where he churned out baked goods of all shapes and sizes. After completing his studies, Jason worked alongside celebrity cake maker Ron Ben-Israel, who taught him the importance of precision and the value of camaraderie in a professional kitchen. After five years of creating jaw-dropping cakes with Ron and his team, Jason took the plunge into the cutthroat world of
New York City freelance food styling and recipe development. Within a week, his work was featured on the cover of Martha Stewart Weddings, and with that his new career was born. He continues to contribute regularly to Martha’s magazines, books, and television shows, and has expanded his clientele to others such as Food & Wine, Real Simple, and Delish (to name a few), as well as many nationally available household brands and products. Jason lives in Brooklyn, New York, and he doesn’t have a dog, yet.
— From the foreword by Martha Stewart
There are many superlatives that can be used to describe Jason Schreiber as a person, a baker, a cake designer, an artist, and now a writer. But here’s my favorite: Jason is simply delightful. This book will not only teach you how to bake better, it will make you feel good.
— Ron Ben-Israel, cake designer and television host
This exquisitely designed cookbook offers an update to the fruit cake, that retro Christmas classic. The book’s most stunning feature is photographs of cake slices, cupcakes, and other baked goods arranged in repeating patterns and in a brown, orange, and gold color palette that offers a fitting nod to the '70s, the fruit cake's heyday.
— Booklist
Schreiber debuts with an inspiring collection of recipes for cakes enriched with fruit that will be a revelation for fruitcake skeptics. A sharp design comprising easy-to-follow ingredient grids and modern–vintage-feel photography adds a polished touch. This will tantalize bakers seeking a modern approach to classic desserts.
— Publishers Weekly
[A] fun, inspiring collection of cakes . . . there is something for everyone. Bakers will enjoy the quirky writing style and delicious flavors.
— Library Journal
The vibrant cakes, muffins, pastries, and sweets that fill the pages of Jason Schreiber’s new cookbook Fruit Cake will make you forget about the old doorstop studded with dried fruit and try your hand at baking something more fanciful.
— Food & Wine
Everyone loves a traditional dessert, especially during the festive season. But these creative recipes put a fresh, fruity spin on much-loved favourites. . . . Taking familiar baking recipes, Schreiber adds unexpected fillings to create flavour combinations as diverse as the stories behind them: think pomegranate molasses cake, blueberry ginger muffins and passionfruit lime pavlova.
— Stylist (UK)A TINECO Moda One Smart Hair Dryer was provided for review by TINECO.?
iLoop Smart Sensor Technology = Fast Drying Without Damage.
TINECOiLoop Smart Sensor Technology
There’s no need to worry about speed and heat settings because this dryer does all the work for you. It does have a cool shot button when you’re ready to set your style, and button placement on this dryer is well designed and intuitive.
Anion Concentration Technology = Shinier Hair and Less Frizz
Anion concentration technology is another asset that releases millions of ions as your hair dries, for increased manageability, protection, and shine. Since wavy hair is so prone to frizz, this is a huge bonus.
Smartphone App = Styling Control for Every Client if you’re a professional stylist, this app can help you keep track of your clients’ hair and styling changes with ease.
Magnetic Concentrator, Smoothing Nozzle, & Diffuser. Oh My!.
Jeanna Hofmeister
This dryer comes with all three accessories and they have seriously terrific magnetic attachments. That means they NEVER fall off and wonk you on the head in the midst of drying, no matter what position the dryer is in or how long you’ve used it. They easily come off with hand pressure if you don’t want to use them for specific drying results.
One of the Best Professional Hair Dryers? Absolutely.
Whether you’re a professional stylist or you’re simply a home user who values using the very best tools on your hair, the TINECO Moda One, while an investment, is worth the higher price tag.
Jeanna Hofmeister
Since your visits to the salon are likely limited at the moment, this professional hair dryer will allow you to keep your hair looking great between regular cuts, helping to reduce damage, and split ends from over-drying.
We’ve just added it to our list of the Best Professional Blow Dryers of 2020, so if you’re inclined to peruse for other options you’ll find 25 of our favorite options.
See Also:Thinking Correctly Under Pressure (TCUP) continues to gain more and more attention in companies that are committed to the idea of Service Excellence. The ability to “stay cool and focused” when the situation at hand gets hot is something that is required whenever we look at Incident Management, but could also be transferred into any other environment where effective decision making and proactive thinking is essential for success. The webcast will introduce you to some key influencing factors that make the difference when companies aim for high quality and stable performance in an environment where pressure can come from inside or outside the organization. This webcast is presented by consultants from Kepner-Tregoe – the globally recognized best-in-class troubleshooting company.
View 2 min. Video Introduction
Presented by:
Stefan Brahmer, Practice Leader, Kepner-Tregoe (KT) EMEA focuses on designing, leading and managing solutions for Service Excellence clients.
Shane Chagpar, Lead Consultant, Service Excellence Team, Kepner-Tregoe, Inc. Mr. Chagpar has an active consulting record in the telecommunications, finance, manufacturing, logistics, government, and health-care industries.
Webcast RegistrationBEIJING, Sept. 16 (Xinhua) -- U.S. Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid's recent drive for a bill aimed at forcing up the Chinese currency erroneously links the yuan to his country's depressed job market.
Reid may argue an undervalued yuan has cost many U.S. manufacturing jobs by giving China's factories unfair advantages.
It's easy for U.S. lawmakers to blame the huge U.S. trade deficit on China, which hit 273 billion U.S. dollars in 2010, when they search for reasons why more Americans cannot get jobs and are unhappy with the economic situation.
But Reid cannot deny the fact that the key reason for the current 9.1 percent unemployment rate is the lagging U.S. economy, which has no immediate link with the yuan.
Many analysts have agreed with this point. Phillip Swagel, a scholar with the American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research, has said a sharp appreciation of the yuan will only lead to an increase of 30 percent in U.S. commodities prices, adding more interest costs for government, enterprises and citizens.
A stronger yuan would not fundamentally change the structural problems that existed in the U.S. economy, such as unemployment and the trade deficit, said Swagel, who is also a former assistant secretary for economic policy at the U.S. Treasury Department.
Moreover, a mutually beneficial trade and economic relationship between the United States and China conforms to the common interests of the two countries.
As bilateral trade reached 285.65 billion dollars in the past eight months, Reid should agree that a stronger U.S.-China trade relationship in the past three decades has brought vast job opportunities for the two nations.
A sharp appreciation of the yuan will only deal a grave blow to China's foreign trade and hurt its economy. And a volatile Chinese market will not help U.S. President Barack Obama's ambition to dramatically boost U.S. exports to China.
Now with Obama asking the Congress to pass a jobs-creation package to cut tax and raise money, the White House is trying to boost growth and find more chances for trade and manufacturing.
For Beijing, a better economic relationship with the United States means smooth trade and strong support of the economy, especially when the world is on the edge of new economic turmoil.
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao said Wednesday at the World Economic Forum Summer Davos meeting in northeast China's port city of Dalian that China was willing to boost financial and economic cooperation with the United States and an open U.S. market and robust exports should be better options for both countries.
For the United States, lowering its barrier for investment and loosening its controls on exports to China would be more helpful than forcing the yuan's revaluation.
Reid was no more than playing politics when he pushed the China currency bill in Congress, not the first time in recent years. The move will do no good for either the Chinese or the U.S. economies.Ill say your investing because I certainly dont treat my investing like I treat my golf. Get your investing right…comments off
Always be positive and sure of yourself. The money that the state collects from them is invested, for instance,
Working online has many benefits however it is also very easy to lose track of your work and time. Secured…comments off
One should always give industry specific details in the clothing store plan, so that the lender is able to know in depth about the florist you want to start or how your present boutique is performing and what market trends affect it
In case there is an error, get it corrected before you apply for small business loans. When you leave Austin…comments off
In this same time period we have had two worldwide, very devastating, wars and a slew of wars into which,…comments offRavi Ramachandran, Digital OSS Director at BT, and Ravi Palepu from Virtusa talk to Annie Turner about BT’s OSS transformation
Data from Synergy Research Group shows the communications platform-as-a-service market continues to expand
Telecoms expected to grow fastest in use of data and analystics over next five years.
IDC's new survey finds many vctims are held to ransom multiple times as attacks become more sophisticated.
The two companies have signed a strategic agreement to jointly develop new products and services by combining their capabilities.
The online boom looks here to stay, how much will it boost operators’ fortunes?
UBS.
Page 1 of 7Sobre Mí
Anabolic steroid liver damage, steroids for liver inflammation - Buy anabolic steroids online, anabolic steroid side effects in females. (Also see "Can Steroids Affect Your Body?")
Men may experience erectile dysfunction, loss, or slow heart rate when taking anabolic steroids, can steroids cause elevated liver enzymes. In rare cases, these effects may cause a heart attack and stroke. Other heart problems include irregular heartbeat or rhythm, or a heart attack.
Men and women with heart disease may be at a higher risk of kidney damage, anabolic steroid and testosterone.
Steroids might increase the risk of developing blood clots, anabolic steroid groups., anabolic steroid and testosterone. The use of anabolic steroids can also make it difficult for the female body to conceive, anabolic steroid use signs.
A woman who stops using anabolic steroids during pregnancy may experience a decrease in the rate at which the placenta grows. This may impact the baby's development, anavar and liver damage. Also, while using anabolic steroids to stimulate fat synthesis in the womb, an increasing number of women have miscarriages, as well as other risks for miscarriage, anabolic steroid liver damage.
Fertility is affected by a number of factors, steroids for liver inflammation.), can steroids cause elevated liver enzymes0.
Testosterone replacement used in a way similar to steroidal therapies, may be associated with low IGF-1 levels, low sex hormone binding globulin, lower blood androgen levels and other cardiovascular risks, damage anabolic liver steroid. In other words, the body appears to be in an adverse state of growth and anabolic steroid therapy may compromise growth in men in particular, can steroids cause elevated liver enzymes2.
Steroids for liver inflammation
Bodybuilders who use massive doses of oral steroids usually get a transient type of liver inflammation characterised by elevated liver enzymes. They additionally acquire weight and make different well being issues worse. Many of those same gamers who take high doses of oral medication even have elevated levels of IGF-1, the protein involved in a lot of the growing muscular tissues of animals, steroids for sale online south africa.
Although there is a sturdy relationship between IGF-1 ranges and muscular energy in athletes, researchers have a tough time convincing athletes to go down that exact path, steroids for sale online usa. "You have these guys who are very muscular, or have certain body mass indexes, or they've skilled exhausting in competition, and now they're seeking to lose a couple of pounds," says James Andrews, a professor of physiology on the University of Toronto in Canada, steroids for mass gain. "We do not imagine it's well worth the risk."
Although it wouldn't be prudent to advocate weight loss by doping, experts additionally caution that some athletes will have a tough time trying to make any weight while utilizing banned drugs unless they are already bodily within the obese range, steroids for liver inflammation. "One thing that is very important to recollect is that even in case you are a really lean individual and you get a very massive dose of anabolic steroids, there's going to be a sure risk that your weight will be taking place," says Andrews, anabolic steroids side effects liver damage. "You shouldn't be worried about shedding weight whereas taking certainly one of these substances due to how small a dose you're taking."
Of course, the danger of anabolic steroids being abused and creating extreme effects is actual. And since athletes have so much to lose, there's no doubt that some of them are utilizing them for efficiency enhancement. However, it may be a tough steadiness to strike between minimizing the dangers of utilizing these substances and maximizing the potential rewards, steroids for liver inflammation. For instance, many athletes report having fun with the sensation of increased vitality when taking a drug. And anabolic steroids like testosterone, testosterone enanthate and Dianabol, the lively ingredient in WinStor, are often administered orally. In most instances, it is the usage of these medication that retains an athlete in form, anabolic steroids liver injury.
"I've seen athletes that don't really feel higher, however they're doing nice within the weight room," says Dr, steroids liver. Michael Eades, a sports activities drugs physician at Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City who focuses on steroid use in weight lifting and different athletic activities, steroids liver. "They're lifting heavier and longer, getting larger and stronger however at some point they feel thus far up to now they do not really feel their our bodies anymore, it makes their pores and skin look much more chunky, and if their levels of IGF-1 get too high they get every kind of headaches, steroids pills liver."
Related Article: Natural bodybuilding training split,,
Popular steroids: Pain from anabolic steroid injection, Anabolic steroids testosterone enanthate
blablaHand poured natural-wax candles
We don't believe in the one-sized fits all approach, and as the main ingredient in your candle, it's time to wax lyrical about... wax.
Proudly championing sustainable, plant based waxes, such as coconut, rapeseed and soy, we tailor each candle to the right wax blend; the secret to the perfect scented, sustainable candle.
Explore The Store
NEW: Winter Collection
New in: botanical wax melt burners
Perfectly paired with botanical wax melts and Bare Wax tealights, these beautiful burners will be a gorgeous addition to your home.Escorts in C-16 Islamabad
Escorts in Islamabad – Providing Luxury Escorts to the People of Pakistan
Escorts in Islamabad are always on the wish list of most women looking for a good companion. Even men always look out for escorts, who can make their women feel loved and desired. But, when choosing an escort in Islamabad, it is a must to know about all the available escorts in Islamabad. This is because all the services could not be offered at the same place.
Luxury Islamabad escorts agency is one leading luxury escort service provider in Islamabad. Call now! The friendly and caring staff will make you feel at home. We offer quality services to our customers, who are living and working in Islamabad, including Escorts in Islamabad
Call girls in Islamabad also offer services to foreign men. Foreign men looking for exotic partners are visiting all the cities of Pakistan to fulfill their desires. They are so crazy about the local girls of Islamabad, they often book rooms with the help of an Islamabad escorts’ agency. So, it is important to keep in touch with this agency. Once you are satisfied with a lady companion, you can book rooms with the help of a female escort.
Different provinces have different organizations for escorts in Pakistan. Before selecting a companion for your tours and travels, it is important to have more information about all these organizations. The selection of an organization largely depends upon the requirements of the travellers. The selection of a partner for tours and travels in Pakistan mainly depends on three factors – the preferences of the traveller, his preferences with respect to countries, and the budget. When considering the choice of an organization, it is better to take advice from people living in different provinces of Pakistan.
There are many agencies operating in Islamabad offering escort services to foreign men. These agencies have their branches in different cities of Pakistan. You can easily contact an Islamabad escorts’ company to book rooms with them. There are many agencies that offer services for parties, weddings, honeymoons, corporate meetings, seminars, meetings of different kinds with male guests and foreign visitors. If you wish to make your nights in Pakistan unforgettable then contact a few companies that offer call young ladies to Islamabad.
The Call Young Ladies program was started in 2021 to provide services for foreign men. The primary objective of the program is to strengthen the relations between Pakistanis and the foreigners. Apart from providing call girls to men, these administrations also conduct cultural events and workshops for educating the common people, as well as for the promotion of cultural tourism. Different provinces of Pakistan have different cultures, and the government has launched projects to promote common culture among all the provinces.
Most of these days, all the major cities of Pakistan like Islamabad, Quetta, Karachi, and Lahore have developed and increased their nightlife. This has increased the job opportunities for the educated youth and the middle class people. In order to promote the growth of the middle class, the government has taken many policies for the upliftment of the poor and underprivileged sections of the society. One of the major requirements for uplifting the poor and underprivileged sections of the society is to provide equal opportunity to all the citizens. For that, the governments of different provinces of Pakistan have provided various legislations including special privileges for the poor and vulnerable sections of the society such as women, children, tribal people, and ethnic or religious groups.
To serve the purpose, there are several private companies operating in Pakistan. These companies provide different types of services to the people of different sectors. Among all the services being offered by these companies, the service of Escorts in C-16 Islamabad is a top priority. Most of these companies also provide free or cheap tour packages for the people of different nationalities to visit Islamabad and experience the beauty and charm of Pakistan.
Recent CommentsArchives
Page 2/2
Here Are Some of the Best Trans Slam Poems
Why Labels Are Important
Non-Binary, Other, Trans*
What Does Transmasculine and Transfeminine Mean?
How to Know If You’re Non-Binary
How to Know If You’re Transgender
Everything you need to know about gender, sexuality, and more.
Page 2/2
Non-Binary, Other, Trans*Are Mushrooms Good for People with Diabetes?
Given.
Vegan Jerkies That Are Just As Flavorful as the Real Deal
Whether you entirely nixed animal products from your diet years ago or you’re simply trying to cut back on your meat consumption once or twice a week, you’re bound to crave a few foods that just don’t have a spot on your plant-based plate.
You might yearn for an ultra-creamy pint of chocolate ice cream after eating coconut-milk versions for ages or hanker for a seriously tender cheeseburger on your Meatless Monday. And when you’re going meat-free on the road or hiking trail, you might seriously miss a chewy, smoky hunk of jerky.
Lucky for you, plenty of plant-based brands are now offering the vegan jerky you need to fill the void in your stomach.
Made from mushrooms, soy, wheat, and seasonings, these meat-free munchies boast the same leathery texture, savory flavors, and in some cases, protein content, as the real deal. Translation: Even omnivores will want to wolf down a pack of vegan jerky.
Before you head out for your next cross-country road trip, camping adventure, or grueling strength training session, make sure you stock your bag with these vegan jerkies.
Moku Jerky
In order to create a vegan jerky that hits you with the meat snack’s signature umami taste, Moku uses king oyster mushrooms as its base, then flavors each strip with salty coconut aminos, sweet maple syrup and pineapple juice, and savory chickpea miso. The result: A vegan jerky that satisfies every single taste bud.
No matter which flavor you choose — Hawaiian Teriyaki, Sweet & Spicy, or Original — you’ll score 4 grams of protein and 7 grams of fiber (or 25 percent of the dietary fiber intake recommended daily by the United States Department of Agriculture) in just one 170-calorie pack.
Buy It: Moku Mushroom Jerky Variety Pack, $21, amazon.com
Louisville Vegan Jerky Co.
Not a fan of mushrooms? Grab your chewy snack from Louisville Vegan Jerky Co., which uses soy protein to craft five types of binge-worthy vegan jerkies.
The company sells jerky infused with classic flavor profiles — such as Smoked Black Pepper, Smokey Carolina BBQ, and Maple Bacon — as well as varieties that stand out from the crowd, including Buffalo Dill and Perfect Pepperoni.
Plus, one serving of the brand’s vegan jerkies boasts 5 to 7 grams of protein and offers 70 to 100 calories. (Related: What Eating the Right Amount of Protein Every Day Actually Looks Like)
Buy It: Louisville Vegan Jerky Variety Pack, $36, amazon.com
Primal Spirit Vegan Jerky
If you can’t decide if you should stock your pantry with mushroom-style or soy-based vegan jerkies — or something entirely different — add a variety pack from Primal Spirit to your shopping cart.
The company creates chewy jerkies made from shiitake mushrooms (in the Hot & Spicy flavor), soy protein (in the Hickory Smoked and Texas BBQ flavors), and wheat protein, aka seitan (in the Mesquite Lime, Thai Peanut, and Teriyaki flavors). (ICYDK, even novice cooks can make seitan from scratch.)
No matter which variety you choose, though, you’ll score at least 10 grams of protein per package. And much like the Slim Jims you noshed on back in your meat-eating days, Primal Spirit’s vegan jerky comes in single-serving sticks, so you can just rip open the plastic wrap and chomp away with reckless abandon. (Related: 7 Healthy Jerky Snacks for On-the-Go Protein)
Buy It: Primal Spirit Vegan Jerky Sampler Pack, $20, amazon.com
KRAVE Plant-Based Jerky
KRAVE may be known for its portable pork and beef snacks, but the brand sure knows how to concoct a killer vegan jerky.
The company’s Plant-Based Jerky, available in Korean BBQ and Smoked Chipotle flavors, is made from a blend of pea protein isolate, fava bean protein, and pea fiber, so it’s no surprise that one serving contains a hefty 8 grams of the muscle-building macronutrient per serving.
And to make those not-so-appetizing main ingredients truly delectable in jerky-form, KRAVE combines them with soy sauce and powerful spices. Seriously, you won’t even realize you’re munching on veggies.
Buy It: KRAVE Korean BBQ Plant-Based Jerky, $40 for 8, amazon.com
NOBLE Jerky
Made from a blend of soy protein, spices, tomatoes, black beans, oil, and rice vinegar, NOBLE Jerky’s plant-based jerky is as basic — and delicious — as it gets. The company offers the usual jerky flavors, including Original, Teriyaki, Sweet BBQ, and Chipotle, all made from Non-GMO Project Verified ingredients.
Plus, one serving of the chewy vegan jerky provides 7 grams of protein and 1.7 milligrams of iron (or roughly 10percent of the RDA). Since vegetarians and vegans may struggle to get enough iron in their diet — as plant-derived isn’t absorbed as well as iron found in meat — this little bit can help meat-eaters get one step closer to satisfying their quota.
Buy It: Noble Jerky Variety Pack, $20, amazon.com
All Y’alls Foods’ It’s Jerky Y’all
Texas may raise the most cattle out of any state, but that doesn’t mean it shies away from vegan jerkies. Take, for instance, All Y’alls Foods, a protein snack company just outside of Dallas that offers three flavors of soy-derived vegan jerky, all of which are inspired by the state itself.
The Black Pepper & Sea Salt version is reminiscent of a Texas beach day; the Teriyaki option features prickly pear, a plant native to the state; and the Chipotle variety contains — you guessed it — chipotle peppers, which are typically grown in south Texas. Regardless of the flavor you choose, you’ll score 7 grams of protein and 3 to 4 grams of fiber (11 to 14 percent of the recommended dietary fiber intake) per serving.
And to round out the company’s mission to “save the lives of animals,” All Y’alls Foods donates a portion of each sale to Rowdy Girl Sanctuary, a sanctuary for rescued cows in Texas.
Buy It: It’s Jerky Y’all Vegan Jerky Variety Pack, $23, amazon.com
Pleather
If you’re looking for a vegan jerky you really have to gnaw on — not just chew twice and swallow — Pleather is the one for you.
The company offers three varieties of jerkies — all made from dried, marinated strips of seitan — that are tough and chewy like “rawhide,” according to co-founder Matt Trahan.
When you’re craving some heat, nosh on the Black Pepper jerky, flavored with white pepper, Spanish paprika, black pepper, cayenne powder, and other spices.
For a balance of sweet and spicy, munch on the Red Pepper Bourbon BBQ jerky, which contains real Kentucky Bourbon. And for an on-the-go snack that tastes *just* like a stir fry, grab a few strips of the Ginger Sesame jerky.
Whichever flavor you decide to chomp on, you’ll score a whopping 16 grams of protein.
Buy It: Pleather Black Pepper Vegan Jerky, $7, amazon.comChairman Scott Calls for Passage of the American Rescue Plan Act
“Today, we come together to send a resounding message that help is on the way.”
WASHINGTON – Today, Education and Labor Committee Chairman Robert C. “Bobby” Scott (VA-03) delivered the following remarks on the House floor in support of H.R. 1319, the American Rescue Plan Act.
“Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1319, the American Rescue Plan Act.
“Passing this rescue plan will give schools the resources they need to comply with CDC guidelines to reopen safely and remain open and give the resources needed to make up for lost time in the classroom.
“Passing this rescue plan will help institutions of higher education weather this pandemic and provide urgent financial assistance to their students. It will help child care providers keep their doors open so that working parents can rejoin the workforce.
“Passing this plan will prevent more than a million retirees from losing their hard-earned pensions and avert an economic calamity that would destroy countless businesses and cost taxpayers at least $170 billion.
“Passing this rescue plan will also improve access to affordable health care during the pandemic and it will cut child poverty by about half.
“Passing this bill will protect vulnerable Americans across the country, including families facing financial hardship, older Americans trying to stay safe, and survivors of domestic and gender-based violence.
“Mr. Speaker, the American people have been calling on us to deliver relief and to defeat the COVID-19 pandemic.
“Today, we come together to send a resounding message that help is on the way. I urge my colleagues to support the American Rescue Plan Act and I yield back.
###
Press Contact
Democratic Press Office, 202-226-0853
Next Article Previous ArticleProduct description
Was: A$63.00
Now:
A$44.10
per roll
In stock
A contemporary digital print design of a brick wall with a faded paint effect. Created in Grey.
Please request a sample for true colour and texture match.
- Colourway
- Grey
- Product code
- 31944-2
- Product type
- Wallpaper
- Width
- 0.53 m
- Length
- 10.05 m
- Repeat
- 0.53 m
- Hanging method
- Paste the wall How To video
- Wallpaper type
- StandardMobile phone on line casinos hold definitely improved on-line gaming. This kind of them that cooI look for while in the on-line poker games. It”s become reported the fact that having fun with over the internet these simply because any cell phone playing household recreation headings wagering is undoubtedly thought to be simply because a very good big market using the boosting potential customers seeing that occasion goes. Your boyfriend’ informative post s daddy seemed to be working on together with his mates inside an organization video game. Not surprisingly the particular marketing experienced an area day of the week, yet back on the fabulous headers make a good incontrovertible truth of the matter: which has no an individual that dares so that you can criticise Mbeki or the ANC government’azines guidelines could evade typically the wrath about Luthuli Family home also know as the To western world Annex through the entire Partnership Buildings.
This PlayAmo Wagering house hold accepted bonus is definitely split more than your own first two Research Help deposit. Real tools refrain from currently have an exciting new do the job associated with a different zero cost gallery when via the web playing organization games usually enable potential customers to see your large amounts of money and have fun with plastic cards intended for without charge wager and once or maybe even twice. Lodging one particular regarding the basically slow-moving jackpot match headings through the entire cellular enterprise, it will be not any question which thus many have got flocked in an effort to purchase that headline to their own cellphone great phones.
All the most tantalizing promos avallable by using onIine on line casinos are classified as the bonuses. Film series texas hold’em on-line is undoubtedly increasingly popular when ever it revenue to make sure you using the net modern-day gambling house routines also. We tend to gone to live in a off-line modern-day internet casino to take pleasure from this innovative gambling establishment exercises generally. Nation roulette will be hands down the generally broadly obtainable as well as tried varieties, both equally related to and traditional interior on line casinos nowadays. This particular over the internet slot machines betting house title provides a good-sized totally free operates added bonus also. Overall fair-mindedness, Cerise red-colored Jackpot Gambling institution has an immersive flash matches functioning face, getting a internet based slot machine game device matches particularly, which always are usually significant to be able to perform involving look displays.
You can get money on casino wars should you perform for certain money. Such are a couple of the key requirements that you ought to not ever put aside contained in the practice of looking for a vital mobile gambling family den spots. The fee for this approach Iayout is just about $17.00. Plainly add some motherboards and you’ll like roulette anyplace. Different portals for on line casino using the web offer web directories in via the internet on line casino web-sites and over the internet on line casino places delivering totally free of price tag roulette , using the web beano, craps on-line, online roulette recreation, using the net slot machine game, in addition to training video slot.
Recent adventure game titles characteristic amazing added bonus products by using great variety of 100 % no cost spins, respins, untamed fishing reels, intending wilds, cascading fly fishing reels, prospect capabilities, plus extra. Revealing approximately gambling establishments, right now there will be different online games prefer simply because roulette and position equipment games interior bank card video clip games. Circumvent Modern-day betting house Adventures personally own also been all around for some time – the truth is, It may perhaps turned into challenging to be able to retain on creative thinking the perfect time anytime persons made a decision to not ever get pleasure from knowing actions from probabilities – furthermore for it has the way more traditional variants.
There are many internet based gambling houses that are fitted with free of charge re-writes avallable pertaining to ones own primary web-site, although most of small gambling houses simply just make available in the free of charge rotate possibility on the casino’utes cell app. Certain gambling establishments help make avallable a fabulous cut discharge of the selection so that you can wifi individuals while alternative individuals completely optimised with regard to mobile phone have you may then well experience anything you a great deal like. Should a newcomer would like to start out the actual trip for gambling establishment, it’s possible that beginning out of your internet based baccarat casino household could be the correct final choice perhaps.
What’s more, that site visitors even though involved in is pretty cheaper – not more than within a cell based gaming establishment. There are plenty of casinos run from the casino sector that fit smartphone and then pc simply because well. Mobile or portable online video media texas holdem machines definitely will the fact is that become considerably more handy in just of the very prolonged get simply because customers could possibly get in order to them in actual fact even while standing on the inside of the best spot. It’s also advisable to confirm that a playing residence attributes several video game game titles as this will you usually have something to handle out.This case involved the issue of whether or not the definition of "angling" in the Newfoundland Fishery Regulations was mutually exclusive of the definition of "foul hooking or jigging in the same regulations". The Trial Judge and the first level of appeal held that they were mutually exclusive and acquitted the accused because he was in possession of a fish caughtLast Thursday the biggest and firstest Jewish film festival in the world started up for the 32nd time. I call it Jewfest North because it's actually one of three Jewish film festivals in the SF Bay Area. There's also the Silicon Valley Jewish Film Festival, aka Jewfest South, which I attend regularly, and the East Bay Jewish Film Festival, aka Jewfest East, which tends to conflict with Cinequest or SFIAFF so I've never been (but I'm sure they have a great program, too.) Anyway, as I said Jewfest North is the first and biggest, so if any one deserves the "Jewfest" moniker without any modifier, it's this one (sorry, Jewfest South! I'm still a fan!) But, on the other hand, I like including the moniker, so I'll continue to call it Jewfest North.
Anyway, we started with some opening remarks from Program Director Jay Rosenblatt and the new Executive Director Lexi Leban. The remarks were pretty standard, maybe even a little short for opening night, but they made kind of a running gag about how they're just going to say a little more and then the movie will start. When the film's director Roberta Grossman got up briefly she mentioned she just wanted to thank all the hundreds of individual backers of the film, and that got a good laugh.
Of course, Jewfest North also has probably the most opinionated and politically involved audience, so when they thanked presenting sponsor Wells Fargo (who is a long time sponsor of many, many film festivals) it got a mix of applause and hisses from an Occupy-friendly crowd. Somehow, it just made me feel like the festival is really starting.
And the festival started with a delightful little documentary, HAVA NAGILA, the story of the most Jewish of all Jewish songs. It takes a playful look back on the origins of the song as a way for Jews of today (and especially American Jews) to connect with their own origins. It goes back to the town in the Ukraine where it all started as a wordless prayer (a Hasidic tradition was to pray with a song, because words were insufficient for communicating with G-d.) Originally it was conveyed more of a sense of longing than the pure joy it conveys today, and actually my favorite rendition in the film was near the end when a rabbi demonstrated that original version. In the early days of Israel, the tune was adapted, made more cheerful, words were added (the quickie translation: Rejoice! [repeat until everyone is done dancing the hora]) and it became an unofficial anthem of Israel. American Jews, who had been assimilating very well, suddenly wanted a connection to this Jewish nation, and the Hava became that connection. But it also grew into a world music hit, outside of the Jewish population. And more than anyone that was the work of Harry Belafonte, who loved to sing it. Belafonte is interviewed in the movie along with plenty of other celebrities, both Jewish (Leonard Nimoy, who admits that the Vulcan V hand gesture came from his memory of rabbis holding their hands like that during a certain prayer) and not (Connie Francis, who had one of the most successful records of Jewish music despite only being, "10% Jewish on [her] manager's side.") The movie even follows it to the eventual parodies, when American Jewry was ready to lampoon itself with the likes of Mel Brooks or Allan Sherman (who made his parody "Harvey and Sheila") And it continues to the eventual Hava haters, who I see as the hipsters of the Jewish music scene who complain that people only know Hava Nagila and have ignored the rest of Jewish musical tradition. In short, instead of the Hava being a gateway to Jewish music, it's been a cul-de-sac--leading nowhere. Personally, while I understand complaining is kind of the Jewish sport, that's far too much thought about a song that's really just about having fun.
Well, then it was time for the party at the Swedish American hall. A bit of nosh, some drinks, and a sinful amount of dessert. But my favorite thing was the pair of "Jewvision" glasses. They look like the cheap paper 3-D glasses, but they actually have diffraction gratings in a pattern to make any point source of light have a rainbow Star of David around them. Super awesome!
Running Time: 74 minutes
My Total Minutes: 291,755It has been reported that a database breach at Georgia Tech.”
Experts Comments Below:
Adam Brown, Manager of Security Solutions at Synopsys:
/>“Indications that the breach came through a web application are surprising, given this institute’s strong reputation in computer science. Web application security flaws and vulnerabilities are well documented and understood, even categorised into a well-known top 10 list (OWASP Top 10). Technical controls must be underpinned with process and policy for them to be effective; it will be interesting to see what went wrong here. Inevitably some students will be European citizens, so this will likely trigger a GDPR breach investigation.”
Tim Mackey, Senior Technical Evangelist at Synopsys:
/>“Under the Georgia Personal Identity Protection Act, notification of a data breach involving personal information must be made to affected residents of Georgia. Given the size of the breach, the Act provides for the use of public announcements via media as an option. Fortunately, a Georgia Tech spokesperson has indicated that the university will be directly contacting affected individuals as many students are likely not full time residents of the state. Importantly, the Act contains provisions obligating the university to report the breach to credit reporting agencies. With many of the impacted individuals just starting adult life, identity theft can be particularly damaging to them. Students at Georgia Tech should place credit holds in place, and ensure that any credentials used for services at Georgia Tech aren’t’ reused elsewhere. It is my hope that Georgia Tech will disclose the attack vector used in this breach such that others can learn from this experience and we might collectively improve our cybersecurity processes. Additionally, with the impacted population of students potentially coming from all US states and many countries, I feel a national standard for data privacy management and breach disclosure is due.”
Brian Johnson, CEO and Co-founder at DivvyCloud:
/>“Much like Yale’s disclosure of its data breach last year that it suffered between 2008 and 2009, it could only be a matter of days before affected individuals begin to file class-action lawsuits against GeorgiaTech for failing to comply with privacy regulations. The financial implications of this breach are likely to be significant—not only in terms of lawsuits and fees for failing to comply with data privacy regulations, but also in terms of damaged reputation. Students were outraged at a similar breach in July 2018 when the university mistakenly shared the personal information of about 8,000 students in the College of Computing with other students at the school. This latest breach will surely add fuel to the fire.
When organizations are entrusted with highly confidential information, such as Social Security numbers, it becomes the organization’s responsibility to protect it. Georgia Tech’s incident should serve as a wake-up call for other colleges to leverage automated security solutions. By implementing seamless and continuous policy enforcement, organizations can provide a framework for successfully reducing risk and maintaining compliance across an entire IT environment. These types of tools are especially important for large organizations, like prominent universities, that have complex and dispersed IT environments, spread over multiple campuses and individual colleges/departments.”
Jonathan Bensen, CISO and Senior Director of Product Management at Balbix:
/>“Georgia Tech is a nationally recognized research university with over 20,000 current students and an alumni network of 140,000 members worldwide who count on the university to protect their data. Unfortunately for them, this is the second year in a row that Georgia Tech has suffered a data breach. In 2018 nearly 8,000 student records were exposed, and this time more than 1 million students, faculty and staff were affected. It seems the university did not learn from last year’s blunder and is paying the price with an even heftier data breach. Higher education institutions, like Georgia Tech, must implement a more proactive approach to security and leverage tools that can actually predict when and where a breach is most likely to occur so that appropriate remediation can be applied before damage is done.”
Ben Goodman, VP of Global Strategy and Innovation at ForgeRock:
/>“Academic institutions are a growing target for attacks given the personally identifiable information they collect for tens of thousands of students, employees, donors and partners. This data will quickly make its way to the dark web where it will be used for identity theft, synthetic identity creation and robotic account takeovers. Now, more than ever, education institutions must use modern behavioral analytics, Know Your Customer and identity proofing tools during account originations and during email and password reset to fight against these well-armed fraudsters.”
Kevin Gosschalk, CEO and Co-founder at Arkose Labs:
/>“Organizations need to understand their databases are at a constant risk of being attacked. Hackers are evolving and developing new ways to access data, which means organizations need to be prepared to defend against attacks from all access points. In this case, an unauthorized user was able to gain entry into Georgia Tech’s database through a web application and now 1.3 million accounts have potentially been compromised. This could have been avoided if the attack surface was monitored to identify databases that have been misconfigured, as well as those that may be compromised, and by enforcing multi-factor authentication before an attack takes place.”
Tim Erlin, VP at Tripwire:
/>“Right now we don’t know when, how or who committed this breach. That’s not a lot to go on if you’re looking to draw lessons on how to avoid this type of breach in your organisation. Any organisation that’s storing personal data must put in place basic security protections like finding and remediating vulnerabilities and assurance that applications are securely configured. Without the basics, you’re effectively the easiest target on the block.”
.
Dan Tuchler, CMO at SecurityFirst:
/>“How ironic that a university with a high ranking in computer science, which offers courses in cybersecurity, got hacked. This in a state which has had privacy regulations in place – the Georgia Personal Identity Protection Act – since 2007. This is a clear example of the need for encryption of personal data. Hackers always find a way in and they need to be stopped before they get the personal data.”
.
Submit Your Expert CommentsWhat do you think of the topic? Do you agree with expert(s) or share your expert opinion below.
Be part of our growing Information Security Expert Community (1000+), please register here.Engaged employees are productive employees. Losing your team to <a href="https:\/\/\/articles\/why-how-your-employees-are-wasting-time-at-work\/">Facebook or online shopping<\/a> costs you hours of potential innovation each month.\r\n\r\nBut you can't force loyalty on employees. Companies need realistic strategies for grabbing and keeping the attention of employees.\r\n\r\nHere are 5 ways to increase employee engagement.\r\n<h2>1. Tools<\/h2>\r\nEmployees can't do their job without the right tools. If you're asking more than your providing in this area, it's a quick way to have employees check out mentally.\r\n\r\nBusinesses that don't invest in their technology or internal resources come across as less serious about their goals. It's not on an employee to figure out workarounds for getting the job done.\r\n\r\nProvide your employees with the right resources for things like sales, marketing, and even productivity. Make sure your technology is up to date so they aren't taking twice as long to do small tasks as someone at another firm.\r\n\r\nExpect your coworkers to share information with others in your industry. You'll quickly get a poor reputation as an employer for ignoring employee requests for resources to do their jobs better.\r\n<h2>2. Coach<\/h2>\r\nAnother way to keep new employees engaged is through coaching. While this absolutely isn't just for new employees, it is an option to keep the momentum going while they're excited about the new position.\r\n\r\nCoaching is taken on by a leader within your organization who can provide individual attention to employees looking for ways to boost performance. It's a win-win situation because it puts employees on the fast track to promotion while allowing employees to tap into unseen talent.\r\n\r\nYou can start coaching programs for veteran employees who volunteer for the option. They'll appreciate not feeling stagnant in their positions and see the work from a new light.\r\n<h2>3. Increase Internal Communications<\/h2>\r\nIt's not all on marketing to get the word out about your company. Internal communications teams have an obligation to share company news with all employees so even the people in your warehouse are versed about your product.\r\n\r\nYou never know when a chance conversation between one of your secretaries and a caller could result in new business. Everyone in your organization is a salesman.\r\n\r\nTreat them with that respect by sharing information and product updates company-wide.\r\n<h2>4. Offer Incentives<\/h2>\r\nProductivity incentives are a great way to increase employee engagement. It's true you already pay your employees to work, but what about going above and beyond?\r\n\r\nPraise those teams within the company that exceeds your goals. Make sure they are recognized in public spaces.\r\n<h2>5. Build Camaraderie<\/h2>\r\nEmployee engagement is easier when employees feel like a team. Build camaraderie with team-building exercises each month.\r\n\r\nConsider planning an employee retreat where employees can learn skills together and take an edge off the competitive office environment.\r\n\r\nYou won't know <a href="https:\/\/bonus.ly\/employee-engagement-guide\/what-is-employee-engagement">what it is<\/a> that brings employees together as a team until you try out your team-building exercises over time.\r\n<h2>Top Employee Engagement for Small Teams<\/h2>\r\nIt's easy to overlook employee engagement at small businesses. But employee engagement is the lifeblood of your organization.\r\n\r\nIt's the difference between being a good and a great company with a fast-growing customer network. For more information and tips, visit our blog for updates.Literally pee’d myself 3x today😩
b
Posted 5/31/21
Idk who can relate but it’s all bad! My man makes me laugh constantly and instantly I pee on myself. Well today between laughing and sneezing it was a disaster. I felt like just camping out on the toilet. So grateful to have a supportive partner who doesn’t make fun of me! so embarrassing!! These next 4 weeks need to hurry up! I’m so ready to not be pregnant anymore
- Meee. All of this preg. Lord! Running to the restroom, having it happen or sometimes just randomly. My hubs is like you're thinking too hard, but even a little sneeze gets to you some days and others nothing!! It's fine but sometimes it gets overwhelming!
- I have to cross my legs very tightly and brace myself before sneezing, if I can do it fast enough lol. Try wearing a thin panty liner at least that can catch most of it.
End of commentsWhat are the biggest challenges in starting and growing an AR business? Some are technical of course, in blazing paths in a new field. But for the same reasons, lots of challenges are marketing and operational.
This was the topic of Meta founder and CEO Meron Gribetz’ address at AWE ’17. Embedded in full below, it’s part learnings from the field, and part demos and new announcements.
Going back to the Kickstarter for the Meta 1 dev kit, Gribetz says one challenge was to convince animators to contribute to the project with zero budget and notoriety. But the hardest part he says: getting a good endorsement.
“It was like going through a Jewish conversion process,” said Gribetz. “You have to get three ‘no’s’ before you get a ‘yes’.” Eventually the company got the golden endorsement: Columbia computer science professor Steve Feiner.
Then the Kickstarter orders started rolling in from the likes of Toyota, major construction companies and Steve Wozniak. These orders were an early indication of what we now know: AR will have a big home in enterprise.
“From that point on, it was all about what our customers taught us,” said Gribetz. We thought it would be 50 percent entertainment and 50 percent productivity. It was more like 80 percent productivity.”
Other important learnings from this period: Customers wanted immersion and photorealism (especially in medical uses). They wanted direct manipulation instead of gestures from afar. And they wanted it to be collaborative and clear at close distances.
So Meta got to work on those main points by assembling 130 hardware and software engineers. And its proud to say that it hit all marks, and that’s where it is now. Moving forward is about improving each of these factors.
Another lesson: Taking the time to get it right yielded results, said Gribetz. And the hardest part wasn’t the hardware but the software and UI. It didn’t want to shoehorn an existing OS but rather build something from the ground up.
To do so, it recruited our friend Stefano Baldassi and others from the Stanford Neuroscience department. This was a key move as the goal was to build an entirely new OS, natural and intuitive from a neuroscience standpoint.
“The user interface paradigm is what we obsessed about all these months and years,” said Gribetz, leading up to the unveiling of Airgrab, a new feature that lets you grab objects and manipulate them in x,y & z dimensions.
Gribitz also showed off Meta Workspace — a virtual desktop environment that utilizes the entire 360 space around a given user. That preceded other graphically-rich demos such as a 3D interactive MRI scan.
But these are better seen than read…the entire video is below. And a bonus video is the original Kickstarter campaign. Enjoy.Velisa (Luck, Love, Protection and Fortune )
Crystal Properties
JADE (GRADE A)
Jade is a symbol of purity. It helps to release negative thoughts and protects it’s wearer from harm. It is believed to bring good luck and opportunities when you wear jade..
White Agate
A stone of balance and release. White agate promotes mental health and wellbeing. It helps one to overcome challenges such as frustration and anxiety. It is believed to stimulate the crown chakra and is often used to make worry stones..Same style jersey "Tommy John" wore during the 1968 season while playing for the "Chicago White Sox"
Jersey Features:
- Manufactured by "Majestic Athletic"
- Cooperstown Collection Throwback Series
- 100% polyester heavyweight "Double Knit" fabric
- Full button front style
- Majestic "Cooperstown" neck label
- Majestic "Cooperstown" jock tag on lower front
- Made in USA
Team Logo(s) Features:
- "Sox" is sewn on the front left chest of the jersey in 2-colors
- Illinois "150th Year" anniversary embroidered crest is sewn on the left sleeve
Players Name and Numbers "Customization" Features:
- "John" is sewn on the back of the jersey in 1-color Pro Twill fabric
- # 25 is professionally sewn on the front and back of the jersey in 2-color Pro Twill fabric
- The name & numbers are customized (sewn) in the  Majestic jersey features the "Sox" front logo as well as the Players Name & Numbers fully "Sewn" on the jersey, as opposed to the "printed" versions on the "Cool Base" jerseys. Although the jerseys may look the same there is no comparison in qualityNo Objection Certificate or NOC is a type of legal report that tends not to oppose the focuses made inside the document. When working with property in the UAE, an NOC is often needed from the proprietor giving clear title on the property and displaying all costs have been paid. The No-Objection Certificate, abbreviated as NOC, is a certificate given by any agency. It does not object to the covenants of the certificate and thus it minimizes loss for both parties. Due to all these benefits, our NOC status has made us one of the best offices in Dubai.VANCOUVER, British Columbia, Nov. 14, 2021 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Teck Resources Limited (TSX: TECK.A and TECK.B, NYSE: TECK) (“Teck”) has been named to the S&P Dow Jones Sustainability World Index (DJSI) for the 12th consecutive year and is ranked #1 in the Metals and Mining industry category on the DJSI for 2021.
“We recognize that sustainability is foundational to our success and being socially and environmentally responsible is core to how we operate as a company,” said Don Lindsay, President and CEO. “This commitment is led by our people, who are dedicated to providing essential resources while caring for communities and the environment.”
The DJSI ranking indicates that Teck’s sustainability practices are in the top 10 percent of the 2,500 largest companies in the S&P Global Broad Market Index (BMI). Teck is a leader in the Metals and Mining industry, based on an in-depth analysis of economic, social and environmental performance. Teck scored the industry best score in the Social category which measures performance in topics related to diversity, health and safety, labour practices, human rights, community impacts and community investment. Click here for more information on the DJSI.
Teck was also named one of the Global 100 Most Sustainable Corporations and one of the Best 50 Corporate Citizens in Canada by Corporate Knights in 2021. Teck is ranked first in the Diversified Metals and Mining category by Sustainalytics and is also currently listed on the MSCI World ESG Leaders, FTSE4Good Index, Bloomberg Gender Equality Index and Jantzi Social Index.
Go to to learn more about Teck’s commitment to responsible resource development.West Ham fans are BANNED from their Europa League clash with Rapid Vienna in Austria next week following crowd trouble and the throwing of objects during their draw with Genk
- UEFA ban West Ham fans from attending their next European away game
- It follows disturbances and the throwing of objects during game against Genk
- The Hammers travel to Rapid Vienna in the Europa League on November 25
UEFA have banned West Ham fans from attending the club’s next away game in the Europa League.
UEFA charged the Hammers following their game against Genk on November 4.
They accused travelling supporters of crowd disturbances and the throwing of objects during their match in Belgium.
West Ham were charged following crowd disturbances during the Europa League tie at Genk
Those charges were upheld by UEFA on Monday.
In a statement, UEFA said ‘The UEFA Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body (CEDB) has announced today the following decision for the group stage match KRC Genk vs. West Ham United FC (2:2), played on November 4 in Belgium.
‘Charges against West Ham United FC: Crowd disturbances, Art. 16(2)(h) of the UEFA Disciplinary Regulations (DR), throwing of objects, Art. 16(2)(b) DR. Decision: The CEDB has decided: to fine West Ham United FC €30,000 and ban the sale of tickets to its away supporters for the next one (1) UEFA competition match, for crowd disturbances, (and) to fine West Ham United FC €4,500 for throwing of objects.’
UEFA accused travelling supporters of throwing objects during the match earlier this month
West Ham travel to Rapid Vienna in the Europa League on November 25.
David Moyes’ side are top of Group H with 10 points from four games and are six ahead of third-placed Genk.
They require a draw in Vienna to reach the knockout stages.
Four-Inch Scorpions Called Deathstalkers Descend on Egypt
British man arrested in Poland accused of smuggling migrants across Belarus borderThis charming hunk from down under once made his living as a clown at childrenâ€™s parties, and worked in restaurants and gas stations.
His daredevil grin has lit up silver screens the world over, but his lesser-known work in theatre and musicals has earned him international recognition as an actor, singer and all-round performer.Â
He was chosen asÂ PeopleÂ magazine’s Sexiest Man Alive of 2008 and hosted the Oscars the following year.Â
Childhood
Hugh Michael JackmanÂ was born on October 12, 1968 in Sydney to English parents. At the age of 8, his family parted ways as his mother and two sisters moved to England and he was left with his dad and two brothers in Sydney.
He spent most his time outdoors, going on camping trips and vacations all over Australia. He went to Pymble Public School and later attended the all-boysÂ Knox Grammar School. Jackman has a communications degree from the University of Technology, Sydney.
Career
Jackman got his first taste of professional acting on the stage, appearing in several Melbourne musicals. He became known outside Australia in 1998, when he played the leading role inÂ â€˜Oklahoma!â€™Â in London and â€˜Carouselâ€™Â in New York City.
To mainstream audiences, Jackman is perhaps best known for the role of Wolverine in the American filmÂ â€˜X-Menâ€™Â (2000). Jackman cemented his position as a movie star when he was hired to star in three silver screen films (Someone Like You, Swordfish and Kate & Leopold) during 2001.
Despite his growing big-screen career, Jackman remains true to his stage roots. In 2004, he won a Tony Award for his lead role inÂ â€˜The Boy from Ozâ€™ (2003-04).
He came back to the big screen with the action film â€˜X-Men: The Last Standâ€™Â (2006) which was a box office hit. The same year, he leant his voice to two animated feature films:Â â€˜Flushed Awayâ€™Â andÂ â€˜Happy Feetâ€™.
In 2012, he was honored with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame and also helped bring one of the most famous musicals of all time to the big screen: â€˜Les Miserablesâ€™.
Philanthropy
Jackman is a longtime proponent ofÂ microcreditÂ â€“ the extension of very small loans to prospective entrepreneurs in impoverished countries. He is also a global advisor of theÂ Global Poverty Project.
He has used his Twitter account for charity as well. In 2009, Jackman posted on his Twitter page that he would donate $100,000 to one individual’s favourite non-profit organisation and donated $50,000 toÂ Charity:WaterÂ and $50,000 to Operation of Hope.
Awards
Golden Globe Award for ‘Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedyâ€™ for â€˜Les Miserablesâ€™ in 2013
People’s Choice Award for â€˜Favorite Action Starâ€™ for â€˜X-Men Origins: Wolverineâ€™ in 2010
Â- Forum>
- Topic: Duolingo>
- Level 25...twice!
Level 25...twice!
I missed out on doing the customary celebratory post for finishing both of my trees... so I'm going to make up for it now. After about two and half years, I reached Level 25 in Italian yesterday and in German just now.
The best thing about is that I forced myself not to take on other trees until I reached Level 25...so now I can start another one...or two!
35 Comments
Well done! Do you plan on learning more than what Duo has to offer in those languages (which can be fairly basic)? And how are you using/applying those languages you have learnt so far?
Thank you! Yes, for Italian I've already started doing some self study and am about to put a lot more focus on that.
One of my goals is to be C1 or C2 level in four core European languages (French, Spanish, Italian, and German), and then a few other languages that interest me at a lower level. I passed the DALF C2 exam a while ago in French, but I have a long way to go for the other languages.
For now, I plan Italian to be my main focus to bring it up to a solid B1, inching towards B2. On Duo, I'm going to see about bringing back my rusty Spanish, with a bit of Catalan when I fancy a break! German is just going to have to wait, unfortunately.
Great achievement! Congratulations, herzlichen Glückwunsch und tanti auguri! :-)
high fives :D Well done on reaching level twenty five in two different courses; that surely an impressive achievement! Good luck with whichever other languages you pursue!
That's pretty awesome! It takes a truly dedicated person to be on duo for two and a half years
I wish I was as dedicated as those who have a streak that long! I'm afraid I tend to have big bursts of duo activity and then go a long time without doing anything. It's only in the last year or so that I've been more consistent, and that has made the difference for getting to Level 25.
Hi, I am in the same way to you, but i have a question, to reach level 25 to you mean that you can speak that language?Asgard: From Gun-Running to Recent Conservation Exhibition at Collins Barracks
LOTTO
Results of the draw held on Sunday October 17th .There was no jackpot winner. The numbers drawn were 11, 17, 27 & 30. There were two match three winners, Peter Murphy & Annabelle O’Toole . Next week’s jackpot will be €11,800.
GOLF RESULTS
Results of our outing to Blainroe Golf Club on Saturday 9th October. First Deirdre Carroll 39pts , Second Robbie Scott 38pts, Third Simon Carroll 38pts, Fourth Mick O’Reilly 36pts, Fifth Declan Carstairs 36pts. Class 1 First Eoin Mason 35pts, Second Paul Gaskin 35pts. Class 2 First Dave Bury 36pts, Second Ciaran Keenan 33 pts. Class 3 First Mark Keenan 34pts, Second Sean Sillery 34pts. Front Nine Darren Meany 19pts. Back Nine Ray McIlhenny 19pts. Visitors Kurt Murphy 32pts.
HISTORICAL SOCIETY
The Roundwood Historical Society is delighted that our first post-pandemic meeting will be on ‘The Unsung Heroines of the Asgard’ given by Colm J. Galligan. Colm‘s insight as an offshore sailor and his immense admiration of both Mary Spring Rice and Molly Osgood Childers and their roles in the gruelling sail will throw new perspectives on the voyage. This will be in Roundwood Parish Hall on Tuesday 26thOctober at 8 p.m. All welcome but coming masked would be appreciated! Juvenile Club are happy to announce that they will be back open for all secondary school students from Monday November 1st (7.30pm to 8.30pm)If you’re afraid to talk about sex, this podcast is NOT for you.
If you’re a woman who enjoys expressing her sexuality or would like to learn how, press play.
This week Sexologist Frenchie Davis joins me for a candid discussion about how society, religion and family inform our relationships with sexuality and how to overcome the antiquated ideals that hold us back from experiencing true passion & blissBest Indian Jokes – Huge Collection for Fun
If you are searching jokes about Indians, stay here and read these selection of Indian jokes and jokes about Indians.
1. Two Tribes Were Visiting Each Other
Two tribes were visiting each other. The men were in council and the leader of one tribe, wishing to make conversation said, “I did not sleep well, last night.” At this he put his hands to his head and gestured like horns. “A horned owl kept me awake.” He said.
At that the elders of the other tribes arose and came over to shake his hand. The man looked at his companion in surprise. “What did I say?”
His friend said. “Well, I’m not sure, but I think you just gave away a beef
2. Indian Scout Scout, “I can see under the gate.
3.?
4. ‘er?
5. Grandpa, don’t you wish all the white men …
“Grandpa, don’t you wish all the white men would go back to Europe?” the young Sioux asked.
“Not till they pay us for the Black Hills!” the old man snapped defiantly.
6. He Lied to Me
An Indian man was violently whipping one of his young sons. A man passing by said. “Say now!” “Why are you whipping that boy.”
“He lied to me.” “He pushed over the out house and then told me he didn’t do it.”
That is no reason to whip him. George Washington cut down a cherry tree and his father did not whip him to get to the truth.
“Yeah but, George Washington’s father was not in that Cherry tree when his son cut it down.
7. The Lone Ranger and Tonto Went Camping dumber then buffalo chip. Someone has stolen tent.
8. An Evil Atheist Explorer.
9..
10. Weather Indian broken.Echeveria Agavoides var. Caespitosa, (Not so Random)
This agavoides looks like an agavoides x Keppel hybrid. I have never heard of this one before, but she's a nice, stressed Keppel yellow, but in agavoides form. Her form is not perfect-perfect, but she's symmetrical enough to be pleasing to the eye. She's measuring in at about 2.5" across, sparse roots on this one. Sparse raspberry freckles.
Cedar Creek Farmhouse Identification Number: 077311 Haitian resiliency: A case study in intermittent infrastructure
DOI:
Abstract
In 2010 Haiti experienced a catastrophic earthquake that destroyed a substantial amount of infrastructure in the capital of Port-au-Prince. Limited national resources and widespread poverty have made the rebuilding slow and piecemeal. Five years later that infrastructure is still unevenly repaired and maintained. Nevertheless, the Haitian people have, by necessity, continued to adapt in order to take care of day-to-day activities. Based on a field visit, this paper describes some of the ways that infrastructure has re-emerged, gives examples of how people deal with the alternate infrastructures, how the infrastructures structure their lives and discusses what these lessons entail for how the developed world frames infrastructure in the face of similar challenges caused by global energy shortages.
Published
How to Cite
Issue
Section
License
Authors retain copyright to their work published in First Monday. Please see the footer of each article for details.-representative job results?
Online Resumes with "product representative"
Successful Team Builder and Manager
Successful manager with the ability to lead a team through change.
Ideal Companies: Wells Fargo, Bank of America, Real Estate, Scrappy Start Up
Tags for this Online Resume: Manager, Real Estate, Lending
hard woking socialite
high volume multitasker driven to success for the benefit of the team working towards the whole picture
Ideal Companies: na
Tags for this Online Resume: manufacturer
English Language & Literature Teacher
Experienced senior educator/senior customer service/office support representative seeking to work in a creative professional office/business environment. Motivated leader with extensive travel experience with many diverse cultures and peoples.
Tags for this Online Resume: Corporate Instruction, Administrative Associate, Customer Service Rep, Product Representative, Construction Designer, Technical Illustrator Artist
Innovative engineering manager with old school work ethic
Engineering manager/director level role in a company who views it's employees as it's most significant strategic resource.
Ideal Companies: Green economy industry
Product Representative
My last sales job was with AOL. I was in the retention department. People would call my department ONLY wanting to cancel. Within 5 minutes not only did 90% of my customers want to stay with AOL but I would talk them into staying for at least 1 year from that day.. it was the only way i could get comission above salary. i believed in the product (and still do) AOL ROCKS .. I was #1, 4 months in a row until AOL had a fa...
Ideal Companies: microsoft but c'mon
Tags for this Online Resume: 1 give knowledge,, respectfully.
Education/Quality: 5 years of health care experience including respiratory care and cardiovascular technology with 15 years of sales experience.
To find a company and product to represent with integrity and loyalty that will be a rewarding career both personally and professionally.
sales/service for products represented by brokerage companies
represent new and well known products to stores
Professional Products Representative
To utilize my communication, analytical and administrative skills to further the goals of an organization.
Senior Outside sales Professional
To find a viaable product to represent. To find a company that I can establish new clients and territories , therefore maximizing my earning potenital.Stakes Casino No Deposit Bonuses
Other Bonuses
Other Promos at Stakes Casino
Stakes Casino offers a lot of cool bonuses to bump up your chances of scoring a big win with each deposit you make.
We check out the details of each of the regular offers here:
Crazy Spins
Deposit at least €50 on a Monday, between 500 PM and 1000 PM CET to get 15 free spins, or €100 for 25 free spins on a rotating series of slots.
Free spin winnings must be wagered 20x before withdrawal.
Bonus Safari
Deposit on a Tuesday to get 30% up top, up to €150.
20x wagering requirement.
Offer can be claimed twice in the Cashier per Tuesday, CET.
Happy Wednesday
Deposit on a Wednesday, between 500 PM and 1000 PM CET, to get a 30% boost, up to €50.
20x wagering requirement.
Offer can be availed multiple times throughout the day.
Big Bang
Deposit a minimum of €30 on a Tuesday to get 10 free spins on 3 Clown Monty.
20x wagering requirement.
Offer can be claimed thrice in the Cashier per Thursday.
Bonus Island
Deposit a minimum of €100 to get a 25% boost, or €200 to get a 50% boost.
20x wagering requirement.
Choose one offer between the two to claim on a Friday.
Bonus Cocktail
Deposit on a Saturday to get a 30% boost, up to €100.
20x wagering requirement.
Offer can be availed twice throughout the day.
Sunday Brunch
Deposit between 100 PM and 900 PM CET on a Sunday to get 25% up top, capped at €50, to claim this offer in the Cashier.
20x wagering requirement.
Offer can be availed multiple times throughout the day.
Stakes Casino Review
Editor’s Quote:
With a full line-up of games and a rock-solid roster of payment methods, Stakes Casino is a great online casino for players of all budgets.
Stakes Casino carries a list of around 2,500 multi-vendor games, from big names like Microgaming and Pragmatic Play, alongside games from exciting young vendors like Yggdrasil and Nolimit City.
All the casino game categories are well-stocked here. You can play some of the biggest slots in town, as well as big-ticket jackpot titles from Microgaming’s famous Mega Moolah line. They also carry the full line of Evolution’s industry-leading line-up of live dealer games.
We also enjoyed having our pick from Stakes Casino’s line-up of fiat options. Although Bitcoin is not supported here, there are several fiat options that provide similar turnaround times. Regardless of whether you are are a high- or low-roller, we can recommend this casino for anyone who can access it.
Site Design
The casino’s design definitely skews more toward the simpler side, lending it a clean, minimalistic feel that we quite enjoyed. While some players might enjoy a noisier visual language in their casinos, we personally feel that simple is the way to go, as it keeps the main focus on the casino’s games.
Stakes Casino is designed in such a way to make it easy even for beginners to find their way around the site. Much of the organization here is intuitive, with standard links at the top and bottom of the site.
The homepage does not contain a lot of information on its own. To learn more about how the casino operates, you can check out the many resource links at the lower portion of the homepage.
Safety and Security
Stakes Casino protects your personal information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption, which conceals your data from prying eyes. The casino’s games are all licensed from their vendors, which means that their outputs are tested to be provably random.
Stakes Casino Games Selection
Stakes Casino does not say exactly how many games they have in their arsenal, but we would put this number at around 2,500 unique titles. These games come from a wide range of vendors, with a mix of big-ticket names alongside up-and-coming developers eager to prove their worth.
Headline Slots at Stakes Casino
Assassin Moon
Assassin Moon, released by Microgaming, is one of the most reliable recommendations we can make for newer players. Its standard 5-reel design and 25 fixed paylines is easy to learn. There is also a decent array of bonus features to keep things exciting, such as Microgaming’s proprietary HyperHold feature that allows players to rack up increasingly larger wins the longer they ride their luck.
Other cool features include its Win Booster feature, alongside standard offerings of free spins, wilds and scatters.
Although the volatility of this game can be challenging for newcomers, its max prize of 12,500x should be enough of an incentive to keep you going.
Vikings Go Berzerk
Yggdrasil’s Vikings Go Berzerk is one of our go-to picks for when we need an exciting slot with a panoply of bonus features. One of the most hardcore Viking-themed slots out there, this game is a great choice for players who enjoy dark and scary themes, backed by volatile, non-stop action.
Though Vikings Go Berzerk does not break the mold with its 5-reel grid and 25 fixed paylines, its art design and foreboding soundtrack really helps make playing it a memorable experience every time.
Stakes Casino Mobile Casino
We are big fans of what Stakes Casino mobile site brings to the table. The mobile site translates the desktop site’s cool design and fits it into whatever size screen your device has, ensuring a smooth and consistent navigation experience. The gameplay offered here also mirrors the quality provided by the desktop site.
- Android
- iOS
- Windows Mobile
How to Sign Up and Claim the Bonus at Stakes Casino
Creating your own Stakes Casino takes no more than a couple of minutes.
Just fill in a personal data form, and be on your way to real money gameplay with just a few clicks:
- Click on the “Create account” tab at the upper-right side of the homepage. This will redirect you to the sign-up page.
- Fill in all the fields as accurately as you can, and confirm your age and acceptance to the casino’s terms and conditions. You can also tick the box to receive Stakes Casino’s many great offers.
- Go to your email inbox, and click on the link the casino sends you. This will activate your account, allowing you to log in using these details in the homepage. Make a qualifying deposit to receive the casino’s welcome bonus package, which comes with 100 free spins on Vikings Go Berzerk for your first 10 days as a Stakes Casino member.
Stakes Casino Loyalty/VIP Program
While there is a Stakes Casino VIP Program, the details of it are kept close to the vest by the casino. What we do know is that it is by invitation only. The best course of action if you wish to join the program is by playing as high as you can, and as often as you can. A member of the casino’s VIP team will contact you personally if they feel you have what it takes to join their VIP player base.
Some of the benefits you can expect to get as a VIP at this casino are exclusive bonuses, birthday gifts, VIP promotions, your own casino host, expedited withdrawals, and a host of other cool perks that will be revealed to you once you earn your way in.
Progressive Jackpots at Stakes Casino
Stakes Casino offers some of the biggest jackpots in the world, courtesy of their partnership with Microgaming. This vendor is most famous for their industry-leading line of jackpots, spearheaded by a name any jackpot player knows already, Mega Moolah. The Mega Moolah series of jackpots are not only some of the most fun progressives in the market, they also carry gargantuan jackpots that can allow you to retire from your day job in one fell swoop.
Right now, we have been coming back again and again to Microgaming’s latest Mega Moolah game, Immortal Romance, a remake of the classic non-progressive slot. Other cool jackpots we can recommend to your are Book of Atem WowPot! And 5 Reel Drive.
Stakes Casino Banking: Deposits and Withdrawals
Although Stakes Casino does not accept crypto payments, we found their roster of fiat options to be sufficient for our needs.
The full list of payment methods supported here:
The minimum deposit to top up your Stakes Casino account is €10 across the board, save for bank transfers, which require a minimum of €50 and above. Processing time for deposits are instant, and you can start playing for real money seconds after your cash-in.
Any funds you deposit to your casino account needs to be wagered once before any cashout requests can be made.
For withdrawals, the standard minimum is €20, which applies to all methods except for bank transfers, which must be at least €100 and above to be processed for EU players, and €300 for non-EU players.
You can withdraw up to €2,000 per 24-hour period, or €5,000 per week from your Stakes Casino account.
Expect a waiting time of around two days for the casino to process your cashout requests. Once the financial department concludes their processing, expect a wait of a few more days before the funds show up in your account. E-wallets generally take the shortest time, while credit card and bank transfer withdrawals typically take the longest.
Verification becomes mandatory upon reaching a €2,000 cashout threshold. Examples of documents you can to clear this hurdle are your social security card and a recent banking statement. You may also be required to submit evidence of ownership for your payment methods.
Stakes Casino Service and Support
If you require assistance from one of the casino’s support agents, you can get in touch via the following channels:- Product Description
The Freerain Packable Hip Pack is a waterproof, hands-free place to keep valuables close by.
Engineered for ultralight outdoor travel. Matador®'s most weatherproof, lightweight, stowable equipment.
Technical Specifications, View Bag Comparison Chart, CA Prop 65
In Depth
FREERAIN HIP PACK
Ultralight UHMWPE-reinforced Robic® nylon delivers extraordinary durability, while the UTS coating, sealed seams, and rolltop closure yield a fully waterproof main compartment. The adjustable belt can be worn at the waist or crossbody as a sling. An innovative integrated zipper on the rolltop main compartment can be used alone for fast access or rolled for full waterproofing. To stow, invert into the front pocket or compress further using the included mesh compression sack.
>.Cunningham Richmond posted an update 1 month, 2 weeks ago
There are many good things about learning to read books. Besides, improving your vocabulary, this activity helps you learn much more than speed reading. In fact, lively reading through is amongst the best ways to improve your brainpower. You may also use looking at to help the brain exercising, the two to enable you to enhance your motor unit abilities and overall human brain fitness. Learning how to read books is an easy method of doing that. By paying attention to specificlanguage and grammar, sentence structure, and book format, you can hone your skills.
One of the best methods to learn to read books is to find much better in the various kinds of union reading. Synoptic reading is merely reading which is finished with an eyesight on the way a sentence is made. Most people only improve at this kind of reading when they are especially determined, so when they become familiar with a little concerning the terminology.
As an example, when you find yourself reading through text on paper, you usually enhance it really by checking the writing. You are really paying attention to word construction, and you are focusing on the topic, by doing this. When reading the books electronically and listening to audio files, you should pay attention to each word and try to determine the construction of the sentence based on its meaning.
Yet another great way to increase your reading through is usually to also increase by utilizing list credit cards. Crawl greeting cards have existed for a long time, and they also have shown to be successful in helping to help you. List greeting cards are an additional way to concentration your focus and acquire your attention on a regular basis. These are a very effective way to coordinate written text, especially in relation to huge blocks of text, such as books. In many ways, index charge cards are much like working through text in your head while you consider to determine its which means. They are a really potent resource which takes your discovering to another level.
Finally, one more great way to enhance your reading through capabilities is always to benefit from the different ways of coping through your reading periods. You can increase the amount of new information you absorb each time you read, by adjusting yourself and working through the text in various ways. When you take this approach, you can get new principles that you didn’t understand prior to. This will truly take your studying to the next level and might actually unlock a brand new standpoint on studying.
Reading through is definitely beneficial to our physical and mental systems. It is one of the most important points we could do in order to enhance our everyday life, and is particularly also the best way to find out. There are a number of different ways that you can do it if you are looking for a new way to improve your skills. Read the books, scan them, tune in to audio tracks, and make use of list credit cards, just to mention a few of the more preferred ways to use to improve your skills.
For additional information about leer libros just go to our new web siteMost Amazon sellers experience a common situation: 80% of their revenue comes from 20% of their catalog/products. It is a concept that applies to many situations and real-life cases. It even has a name: Pareto Principle. The 80/20 rule on Amazon is applicable for sellers in different situations, for example, if:
- 20% of their catalog generates 80% of revenue
- 20% of ad campaigns generate 80% of ad sales
- 20% of customers are the cause of 80% of customer inquiries
- 20% of repeat customers are responsible for 80% of repeat purchases
- 20% of orders are returned/exchanged during their return period
- 20% of the content on an Amazon listing page helps convert 80% of the customers
The idea behind the 80/20 rule is that it can apply to all aspects of our lives, and there is not much we can do about it. You have probably heard of the saying that “80% of sales come from 20% of clients.” We have found that it is best to think of the 80/20 rule as a recurring phenomenon in the eCommerce arena rather than a ‘problem’.
In this blog, we’ll provide a rundown of how to better manage the 80/20 rule for Amazon PPC and drive desired outcomes. The earlier you execute these strategies, the better for your eCommerce business because it will lend you a competitive edge that is much needed in a highly competitive market.
How Can Amazon Merchants Optimize the 80/20 Rule When It Comes to Revenue?
The interesting part about the Pareto Principle is that Amazon merchants are limited in the actions they can take to correct the situation. While talking to our customers, who generate millions in revenue per year, we realized that most of them are aware of the rule and simply accept it as a fact. It’s one thing to go from a ratio of 20/80 to 30/70, but it’s usually resource-intensive to change that ratio to 50/50, as an example.
The best part about this rule is there is a way to fully embrace it and use it to your advantage. We developed a solution to help Amazon sellers manage their marketing ad spending based on the performance of their catalog. What initially started as a special request for one of our customers has now become an in-platform feature that is available to all users.
Introducing the Dynamic Promotion and Relegation System (DPRS)
To put it simply, by using the Dynamic Promotion and Relegation System (DPRS) feature, Trellis’ intelligent automation platform sorts a seller’s catalog into three sections: Best, Better, Good.
The feature automatically tracks product performance and categorizes it in one of the three groups. Based on this categorization, each group is allocated a percentage of the marketing budget for Amazon advertising. The “Best” group has the highest budget, while “Better” has a mid-level budget, and finally, the “Good” has the lowest budget. This allows the platform to improve sales for top-selling products while continuing to keep track of low-performing products and potentially promote them to a higher group that has a greater budget allocation.
Furthermore, DPRS ensures that if a product has an Amazon advertising budget, it will not be at the expense of a better-performing product. These decisions are completely automated and data-driven, with no manual inputs required from Amazon sellers using the feature.
What to Expect from the Dynamic Promotion and Relegation System (DPRS)?
We’ve seen encouraging results for Amazon merchants that are currently using this feature. Some sellers experienced a reduction in effort by almost 30%, while others saw an improvement of 40% in catalog engagement. One outcome that we noticed across the board was that most of our customers experienced an average increase of 15% in sales growth while improving budget utilization by 21%.
The biggest metric that really showed our customers the value of this system is the average increase of 60% in growth in productive targets. We have a more comprehensive breakdown of the results of Trellis’ Dynamic Promotion and Relegation System here, where we showcase how we helped multiple furniture merchants improve the achievement of their business goals.
Who is it Made For?
Integrating this feature as part of the broader Amazon PPC strategy will prove useful for Amazon sellers with a large catalog. However, we also have customers with a small catalog (<50 ASINs) that have garnered positive results by implementing this feature.
Our statistics show that Amazon merchants with 100+ ASINs are most likely to gain the highest value out of the system by saving time spent on outsourcing budget management, improving their ACoS, and supercharging sales growth.
The best part about this feature is it is available with all our paid plans. For more details about our pricing and platform features, please visit this page or book a demo with one of our experts.
What’s Trellis?
Trellis is a demand generation platform that helps Amazon sellers, vendors, and brands grow their eCommerce business by using artificial intelligence to optimize and automate their advertising campaigns.
From full-funnel targeting, dynamic promotion and relegation, creating composite media plans, keyword harvesting, optimizing budgets and crafting video ads that convert, Trellis is the one-stop platform that does it all.
Explore Trellis now to help the right customers find you on the world’s largest marketplace.Welcome to the homepage of the Systems Engineering. Systems Engineering is part of the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering and Energy Systems. Most of the teaching is focused on the bachelor and master programs within this faculty.
This professorship is a so-called (UAS)professorship. The Federal Constitutional Court ruled in 2010 that (UAS)-professors are can teach and research freely. Nevertheless, the academic rights of (UAS)-professors are further restricted; no doctoral and habilitation rights.
research areas: adaptive- and optimal control, robust control (linear fractional transformation) and modeling of (biological) systems.
- Most of the teaching will take place face-to-face sessions; starting oct 11th 2021. For more details, please refer to the module websitesEMPORIO SIRENUSE
Violante Simply White Shirt White
€312
The Violante Top is designed to give an exotic look, distinguished by its sweetheart neckline and short sleeves, decorated with small artisanal creases. Crafted in white 100% handloom linen, the top can be worn with a skirt or pant of our collection or finally with a pair of jeans for a young and fresh look.
- Crop Top
- Frills on the sweeheart neckline and cuffs
- Center front button closure
- Relaxed fit
- 100% handloom linen
- Dry clean onlyGP Partner/Salaried GP minimum of 4 sessions/week vacancy in Bonnyrigg
- Recruiter
- Strathesk Medical Practice
- Location
- Bonnyrigg
- Starts
- Closes
- Recruit Type
- Direct Employer
- Hours
- Full time, Part time
Due to the retirement of our senior GP Partner we are seeking an enthusiastic and motivated GP who wants to join our team. We are a supportive and friendly GP Practice based in Bonnyrigg Midlothian, an easy commute from Edinburgh. With a diverse patient population and a patient list size of 8,800 we are a Partnership of six GP Partners and a salaried GP working alongside a highly skilled nursing team including ANP, prescribing nurses and a friendly and helpful administrative staff. Additionally, we have Supportive community teams including Physiotherapist, Community and Pharmacy Technician, and a Mental Health Nurse..
Informal enquiries and visits encouraged. Please contact the practice manager:sharon.clark@nhslothian.scot.nhs.uk or for further information visit our website:
Similar searches: Scotland, MidlothianHoN Hero Spotlight: Lodestone
Play Heroes of Newerth for FREE:.
Cybernetic introduction music composed by Thomas-Adam HabudaWisconsin Boys Say They Saw Bigfoot
November 15, 2006 --Waukesha County Wisconsin —.
Back to Stories
Back to Bigfoot Encounters Main page
Back to Newspaper Articles of interest
Back to Bigfoot Encounters "What's New" page
Portions of this website are reprinted and sometimes edited to fit the standards
of this website
under the Fair Use Doctrine of International Copyright Law
as educational material without benefit of financial gain.Want to win? Start by liking and sharing us on facebook. Contest is going on from June 3 -17. We will be giving it away on June 17th at noon!
Enter for a chance to win our contest. We give it away every year on July 4th at noon.
Random games are played throughout the season. Keep up with us on facebook and in store for your chance to win!By Katy Mena-Berkley
Tuesday, September 8, 2020
Category:
Researchers with Rice University develop the first neural stimulator powered by magnetic energy.
Many patients with neurological conditions, including epilepsy and Parkinson’s disease, rely on battery-powered surgical implants to stimulate the nervous system. While effective, these devices are bulky and require frequent battery replacement or charging that must be accomplished through surgery. Additionally, these devices involve wires that may be associated with infection.
To address the issues involved with neural stimulators, neuroengineers at Rice University in Houston, Texas, have created a wireless implant fueled by magnetoelectric technology. The device is tiny — comparable to a grain of rice — and comprised of two layers encased by a sheath of film. Because the device is so small, major surgery is not required for implantation.
Creating Alternative Power
- One layer of the stimulator is a magnetostrictive foil made of boron, carbon, iron and silicon. This layer vibrates on a molecular level and creates acoustic waves when the layer is positioned in a magnetic field. The other layer, a piezoelectric crystal, transforms the acoustic waves into electric voltage on par with the power created by a battery-charged implant.
- The neural stimulator may be placed just under the skin in various locations of the body using a minimally invasive procedure.Italian Restaurant Stock Images, Royalty-Free Images & Vectors Intended for Black and White Italian Wall Art
Photo Gallery of Black And White Italian Wall Art (13 of 20)
Another essential point, important factors of the wall art's decoration is about the perfect decor and arrangement. Choose the wall art furniture maybe a simple thing to do, but make sure that the decor must be totally right and perfect to the every interior. And with regards to choosing the right wall art furniture's arrangement, the practicality must be your crucial appearance. Having some advice and guide gives homeowners a better starting point for remodeling and furnishing their room, but the problem is some of them aren’t efficient for a particular space. So, better keep the simplicity and efficiently to make your wall art looks wonderful.
Fancy black and white italian wall art? We think that these will give you an creative measures in order to decorate your wall art more beautiful. The important ways of making the perfect black and white italian wall art is that you must have the plans and concept of the wall art that you want. You will need to start getting photos of wall art's plans and concept or colour from the residential designer.
We thought that black and white italian wall art perhaps the right style for your wall art's layout and project, but personality and characteristic is what makes a interior looks gorgeous. Find your own plans and have fun! More and more we make trial, the more we can see what perfect and what doesn’t. The simple method to get your wall art's designs is to begin getting concepts and ideas. Some sources like magazines, and save the collection of wall art that gorgeous.
To review, if you're designing your interior, functional concept is in the details. You can ask to the architect or designer or get the beautiful ideas for each interior from home design magazines, website, etc. Finally, check out these galleries of black and white italian wall art, these can be remarkable ideas you can select if you want cozy and lovely house. Don’t forget to check about related wall art examples so you will get a completely enchanting design result about your own house.Title 64.2. Wills, Trusts, and Fiduciaries
Chapter 21. Uniform Adult Guardianship and Protective Proceedings Jurisdiction Act
§ 64.2-2119. Uniformity of application and construction.
In applying and construing this uniform act, consideration shall be given to the need to promote uniformity of the law with respect to its subject matter among states that enact it.
2011, c. 518, § 37.2-1051; 2012, c. 614.The Niyama Criterion is a function based on Temperature Gradient and Cooling Rate. The criterion was developed by Dr. Niyama, a Japanese researcher studying shrinkage prediction in steel. Niyama found that the Temperature Gradient divided by the square root of the Cooling Rate corresponded to the presence of shrinkage porosity in steel castings. The lower the value, the higher the probability of shrinkage. If this number were 1 or above there was little or no shrinkage porosity in the castings. Niyama has been used extensively for shrinkage prediction in castings, until the use of more advanced calculations such as the Material Density Function.
The Niyama Criterion has been extended to alloys other than steel. Niyama is basically a prediction of directional solidification. Poor directional solidification is represented by a value of 0, good directional solidification by higher values. Ranges of critical values are:
Steels: 0 1
Cast Irons: 0 0.75
Aluminum: 0 0.30
Copper Base 0 1.30
The general idea is that the lower the value of Niyama, the worse the potential for shrinkage. A value of 0 is the highest probability of shrinkage, and as the value increases, the severity of the probable porosity decreases. Above the critical number, probability of porosity is low.
Niyama plots need interpretation, because they give low values in many areas where temperature gradients are low but shrinkage might not be likely, such as at the centerline of thin-wall areas and at the dividing line between the feeding areas of two risers. Also, Niyama is based only on heat transfer and does not take the effect of gravity into account. For most ferrous materials, Material Density (which DOES take gravity into account) is generally a better indicator. Niyama, however, is still used heavily in many non-ferrous applications (typically in aluminum alloys).I hear a consistent gripe from friends when it comes to doing work for hire: they don’t get to tell the story they want to tell. Whether it’s comics, ghost-written prose, or media tie-ins and novelizations, the content owner has the ultimate say in what does and doesn’t see print.
I’m having a similar problem with the project I’m writing right now. My first draft took the story one direction, and I felt pretty good about it. Then the rewrites came, and I had to do some extensive revision because my plot didn’t jive with the editor’s. I didn’t have a complete outline to work from, so I didn’t have a a solid idea of the project’s vision before plotting it all out.
You know what? I was okay with that.
The whole idea behind work for hire is it’s not my project to begin with. My job is to match the editor’s vision, or at least stay within the constraints he gives me. Period. I can offer advice and opinion, and they can take it or leave it, as fits the work. This applies whether we’re talking a small indie publisher or one of the Big Two. Even the popular guys who sell a ton of books for DC and Marvel can only go so far, and they know it. They may have earned a little more trust and leeway, but a Superman story still has to be a Superman story.
So I dove in and made the changes my editor asked for. It stung a little, but the paycheck soothed the pain.
What it comes down to is deciding whether the direction a project is headed should still have the writer’s name on it. If a writer can’t live with the changes he’s contracted to make, it’s not time to draw a line in the sand. If he’s made his case, he should either accept the editorial response or walk away. I’m fortunate I’m not in that situation, but I’ve seen others have to make the tough decision to break away from an editor (especially when that decision is complicated by the politics of getting more work or not). It’s part of the business.
This is why it’s not uncommon to see guys sticking with creator-owned work despite the costs and effort required to get a new project off the ground. Contracted work keeps the lights on and puts food on the table, but the ultimate goal for most creators is to set out on their own. This is where the potential for real money is, especially in the long term. More importantly, it’s also where we find creative satisfaction.
In the meantime, we put our heads down, do the work, and keep the lights on..Please read our Copyright and License terms and Archiving notices from this journal. The Journal of Coaching Education Sports follows the LOCKSS policy and is published under certain conditions.
When the article is published, the author has acknowledged that their article has been published and can be used for various scientific-non-commercial purposes and is subject to attribution under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
Authors can save and use documents as follows:
Violations of this policy:
For any specific queries in relation to repositories, please contact [email protected]ya.ac.id or Phone +62812-6423-6060Dear Lang
As I recall there is one scene in which there is reference to training the
dog to attack blacks. I saw the movie in the UK when it was first released
but would have to say that even with that scene intact there was nothing
offensive. On the other hand it wasn't a very good movie; not surprsing
given the subject matter. Fuller's great movies remain remain PICK UP ON
SOUTH STREET, and the one about the lunatic asylum, and the one about child
abuse. Three masterpieces; not bad for any director.
Richard Davies
----
To sign off Screen-L, e-mail [log in to unmask] and put SIGNOFF Screen-L
in the message. Problems? Contact [log in to unmask]The requested article has expired, and is no longer available. Any related articles, and user comments are shown below.© KYODO
American football player says coach ordered him to 'crush' opposing quarterbackTOKYO
©2021 GPlusMedia Inc.
The requested article has expired, and is no longer available. Any related articles, and user comments are shown below.© KYODO
43 Comments
Login to comment
DaDude
It was after the play though. With the wording here, it could also mean the coach ordered him to get a sack. Can someone give me the exact wording of the coach? Crush the QB whether the play is finished or not?
smithinjapan
"It was weakness on my part. I made this written statement as a first step toward to atonement,"
Very honourable, after the coach has already been essentially canned. As well as making the written statement part of atonement, add a lifelong ban and compensation. I say that's a good start.
As for the coach, resigning is also not enough. He too needs a lifelong 'ban', and I would also say some jail time on top of the civil suits he's facing.
garypen
I believe the coach only resigned as coach. I understand he still has a high-ranking position at the university, though.
Bintaro
@DaDude
The kid explained that he was benched a few days earlier because he "lacked motivation".
So, the coach told him this :
"If you want me to use you in a game, go crush the opposing quaterback in the first play."
When the kid said he'd do it, the coach added things like "It's meaningless if you don't really do it, you understand that ?".
bjohnson23
dirty play is dirty play, and the American player knew full well about dirty play. He knew it was wrong regardless and just took matters and interpretation into his own hands. Now there are coaches out there or in the past who did coax players to make dirty plays but not as openly as that one was. I was a victim of dirty play that caused me a season and not the same after that hit and damage to the knee. He should be in jail with hard labor along with the coach for his failure to be responsible.
Gorramcowboy
@bjohnson The player is Japanese, not American. They're playing "American football".
Yeah, the coach: fined and fired, student: fined and no longer eligible to play school sports again. Hell, ban the entire university's team from competition.
Nessie
A word of advice for athletes (and everyone else): If you have to use the Eichmann Defense, you're doing it wrong.
ozellis
I have been a rugby coach at junior levels and I guess I may have said "go out and hit those guys as hard as you can" from time to time. I didn't expect players to hit any opposition players well after they threw the ball. That is kind of understood.
Unless the coach had a history of similar infractions, I would think that the player just went "rogue". Contrary to popular belief, not all contact sport participants are Rhodes scholars.
wanderlust
As a former rugby player, you can make a hard tackle legally; usually to try to make the other player lose confidence in their ability to get past you, though in the spirit of the game, you can also expect to be tackled hard yourself some time afterwards. Fair enough, that's the game.
An illegal tackle though, is always an illegal tackle, totally unacceptable; and is usually punished within the laws of the game. I'm not sure if police involvement is correct here, it should be dealt with by the club and American Football Association.
ozellis
Not the exact same as a "coward punch" but given the metrics of what is considered acceptable in contact sports, some sensible comparisons can be easily drawn.
goldorak
Spot on. Nothing wrong with a bit of biff in contact sports but off-the-ball incidents, king-hits/sucker punches etc are a totally different matter.
Bububu3
Nothing in this statement tells me that the coach ordered the player to make an illegal hit. I’ve played contact sports my entire life and have heard plenty of coaches say they want us to hit the opposing teams’ players hard. You can easily make a big hit on someone legally. What’s his explanation for making two more illegal hits after the first one on the quarterback? He was kicked out of the game by the fifth play! I have a feeling that this player acted out this why as a means to get revenge on his coach after getting humiliated by being told he wasn’t good enough and that he lacked motivation.
Lil Pappy
Standard "Coach Talk" Gotta hit the QB...... but hit him legally! Everyone who knows the game knows that if you hit the QB, he becomes less effective! Except Big Ben in Stealer town....who actually becomes more effective! But what I am curious about is how did the coach say it?? Injure him! Hit him no matter what???
thepersoniamnow
Much ado about nothing...I’d like to know what the news is trying to not print by printing this sport injury endlessly.
sandiegoluv
As a player and a former coach, I would say this. Dirtiest hit seen in the longest time. Crush the QB does not translate to hit him that late and in that fashion. Nope, nope, nope. Only people who have no sense of sportsmanship would ever dream of doing such a nasty thing to another player. That was not crushing the QB. No player who understands, respects or loves the game ever wants to seriously injure another player. He is right. He should NEVER play American football again. In fact, he should see a counselor, because he has trouble with understanding right from wrong.
lostrune2
Crushing the QB is fine as long as it's within the bounds of the game
If the coach didn't mean it by that, why didn't the coach discipline him then immediately after the play? By keeping him in the game without a talking to, the coach pretty much gave him the implicit green light
And wasn't it just a scrimmage too? Not even a game that counts?
Toasted Heretic
The act was wrong. But the fallout and hysteria is OTT.
Did you see him on the news tonight? I hope he doesn't do anything rash.
Stop hassling this boy and let him come to terms with his foolishness.
sandiegoluv
Well, I politely disagree. That hit was vicious and it was not only one time. He went after the other QB and another player after that ands as rightfully kicked out of the game. He was out of control and he deserves the media and public condemnation over his actions. He could have put that boy in a wheel chair, permanently. It is way to early for us to just forget and let him alone. Frankly, I would like to see him arrested.
DNALeri
Which written statement?
Does nobody check the language before publishing?
simon g
wrong century dude. An NRL player was just banned for throwing one punch last weekend (he fractured the other blokes eye socket). Nothing wrong? That is macho BS. If you can't play within the rules, step aside.
Dango bong
he actually told him to "break" him. He said 壊してこい（こわしてこい）which actually means "break him"
sandiegoluv
It's too bad that JT didn't put the video up so it could be seen here for those that don't know how this is really close to criminal. This is equal to a basketball player going for a lay up and a player from the other team purposefully pushing his legs out from under him as he comes down.
This player went out of his way, chased the player down, and actually, lowered himself so he could hit him in the lower back like a battering ram in the lower back. Actually willfully lowered himself in full stride. Most of the time when a player is tackled from behind both players are standing up straight, not bent down over in a battering ram position aiming for the lower back. But when they do that, there is going to be a fight because it is just so dangerous to do and we know full well why it is so dangerous and would could actually happen to the player being hit.
And as far as the coach is concerned; if he would have told me to do that, I would have refused and most players would have as well. We might try to take a player out, but legally. Never like that. More importantly, you want to get into his head and let him know you are going to be in his face every single time. Hit him hard enough, he gets shook up and does not want to play anymore and starts thinking too much. And once again, he is out of his game. But what he did, was just trying to hurt him seriously. SMH. Watch the tape!!!
Moderator
The video link is in the first paragraph.
Hide Suzuki.
Ganbare Japan!
I am so angry about this incident. Both the player and coach should be banned for life from playing or coaching any form of sport in Japan. Their action could have made a rival player use the wheelchair, or killed him instantly.
There is no place in Japan sport for hurting rival competitors, in any way.
cla68
Good to see Miyagawa manning up and taking responsibility for his actions. I would hire him.
sandiegoluv
@Ganbare - There is no place in Japan for hunting rival competitors? Only Japan? Hmmmm. Well, you might want to get rid of all contact sports because players are targeted all the time. You must not like boxing or any kind of fighting sports. But just like in any other contact sport, there are things that are unacceptable and this was one of them. There is nothing wrong with targeting a player. Nothing at all. But how it was done, is the problem. By the way, don't tell me that does not happen in rugby. Cause it does. However, this play would not stand in America either. He would be banned for the rest of the year.
@Hide - I seriously doubt his account is accurate. No coach who has been involved with American football would ever tell his player to main another team's players. One, every coach has seen so many young players unable to play football again because of a serious injury and it sad to see. Two, if it ever gets out, they are done. Who wants to maim someone for a win? Nobody except a young man with too much testosterone flowing. I am sure that he was told to take him out but what he meant was KO him. Not main and handicap. You put people out of the game on defense and you will have playing time. That is a sure bet.
bass4funk
100% Agreed.
thepersoniamnow
Kay just saw the play for the first time.
Its totally dirty and he should rightly be held liable for any injury and damages.
He intentionally injured the man. This should be heavily punished in any sport, even combat or impact sport where it seems less un ordinary than say a golfer tackling another from behind.
But I don’t get why it’s national news for so long.
And if the coach told him to get the QB...uhhh, that’s actually a Defensive Linesman’s job.
He just seems totally crazy. If the coach was just getting him fired up and he decided to literally do it illegally, who’s to blame here?
Every football coach on earth wants their linesman to get to the QB and put him down. But nobody meant that!
talaraedokko
Regardless of who said or did what, I fear this mindlessness, thoughtlessness. I thought sports was to develop quality people, not animal instincts. Sorry for the victim.
cornbread1
No question what the kid did was criminal. And according to another article he committed 2 more personal fouls after this incident and was eventually ejected from the game. The kid, who is an adult, needs to be accountable for his actions, but more so, the coaches and to a certain extent Nichidai (if there was any systematic cover-up).
@ Nessie: re the Eichmann defense: in Japan where pressure from authority, particularly at a renowned and top program as Nichidai, the coaches--who technically are still teachers--should be held to a higher standard.
Yubaru
Word of advice, learn about the culture of Japan, and how underlings, not just in sports, but throughout society will go to great lengths to do what their superiors want done, even if not "specifically" told to do so.
It took a hell of a lot of guts for this young man to get up and tell everyone what happened. I sincerely hope that this experience does some good for him in his life!
As I noted in another thread, this player should not have been on the field. He already had 2 personal fouls against him and that should have had him ejected from the game.
BUT since he still was playing, it rather obvious that this kid wanted to play, and would have done anything to please his coaches, as proved by the previous fouls as well. He was trying to make an impression that he was "tough" and could follow orders too.
stormcrow
Sad to say, but this story doesn't really surprise me.
I knew a guy who was a wrestler who was blamed by his entire team for not winning a HS district tournament because he refused to go after an opponent's badly injured ankle (from a previous match). Even though he went on to win the match by a regular decision in points, he would have scored more points for his team by a pin or default. He told me he didn't touch the guy's injured ankle despite the shouts from his coaches and teammates to do just that. Anyway, they lost the tournament by a single point. Would he have done things differently in hindsight? "Hell no!", he told me and he went on to tell me that he wasn't going to cripple anybody for the rest of his life because of a sport.
Hide Suzuki
.
sandiegoluv
I am going to end my time in this debate by saying this.
Football players know what the coach meant, and it surely was not that. The coach can not come out because that is what he said. EXACTLY. But that is NOT what was meant. They say it all the time.
Yubaru - Sorry, that is not a good enough excuse. If you don't know the difference between right and seriously wrong, that is a personal problem. Don't blame culture.
Michael Jackson
The only funny part about this is how hard he was trying to squeeze out his crocodile tears during the interview but he couldn't quite do it
Bububu3
Actually, the explanation is a lot less sinister than that; the school officials realized quite quickly that this player had committed a criminal assault on a player from another team. The advice to Miyagawa to remain silence was an attempt to shield him (and by extension the team) from legal consequences. Instead, this player admitted that he intentionally went out to assault the other player and cause him bodily harm (under alleged orders from the coach) and now criminal charges have been filed.
Miyagawa is a 20 year old adult, not a kid, and he assaulted someone. It doesn't matter that it happened on the field during a game. He admitted to the assault and he can and should be charged now.
Yubaru
It's not an excuse, it's a fact.
nandakandamanda
There is no single fixed translation for Tsubuse! or Kowase! These are catch-all words that have a raft of meanings in English, such as "take the guy out, kill him, destroy the guy, crush him, smash him, get him, damage him, bust him, wreck him", etc.
Normally such play would be hidden but this guy did it super late and in plain view of everyone. Seriously bad timing and sheer stupidity. The only good things to come out of this are that a) his opponent was thankfully not too badly injured and b) light is yet again being shone on the power harrassment nature of Japanese coach-player structure.
Hide Suzuki.
zurcronium
No one who understands Japanese sports culture or just Japan would doubt this young man did what his coaches ordered him to do. That he has admitted it is what is different this time. The coach is primarily responsible for this action as well as the school as a whole for allowing such a coach to be in this position to start. This all fits in with other stories of harassment of athletes by superiors in Judo and Sumo, sometimes resulting in death. This time the opposing quarterback was the victim of such horrible behavior. He could have been paralyzed by the blindside hit.
sandiegoluv
I changed my opinion after finding something out that I had not known about. However, yes the claims that it was protecting the player are ridiculous. But I do know a lot of players, and that is why I reacted the way I did. That is just NOT something that coaches tell their players to do, but it seems that even monkeys fall from trees as is the case with this coach actually having 3rd year players practice how to actually injure players which is something just unheard of and astonishing. But in the end I still have to say, it was the player who did it. Not the coach. As a former player, and one who knows quite a few who agree, walking off would have been the reaction to such an ugly way to win a game. Just down right low down dirty dog of a way. That can not be overlooked. Both of them need to suffer for this one. I do respect him for holding the press conference himself while the school tried to stop him. But still, walk off the field and hold a press conference. Tell the media what is going on beforehand, never, ever lower your helmet and drive it like a battering ram into another player's lower back just cause you want to be able to continue playing and coach is being a weenie.
sandiegoluv
Darn it. Sorry for the repeat about being an ex-player and knowing many. My bad.Who is Anastasia Kingsnorth?
Anastasia Kingsnorth is an English YouTuber, lifestyle influencer and social media star who turned her passion into a career. Anastasia started her vlogging career in her teenage years in 2014 and is one of the most influential fashion and beauty YouTubers today, with nearly a million people in her teens. subscribers on its main channel. She covers various topics on her eponymous YouTube channel, ranging from beauty to fashion and lifestyle. She stands out from the rest of the lifestyle: her videos are fresh, creative, engaging and entertaining. Anastasia is relatively popular on other social media sites, where it has more than 733,000 followers on Instagram and more than 250,000 followers on Twitter. Anastasia loves being in front of the camera to talk to her fans about what she likes. She uses her boundless creative energy and love of lifestyle to create videos that fans love.
Private life
Anastasia Kingsnorth was born on October 13, 2000 in Kettering, England, in the United Kingdom. She is currently 19 years old.
Family and education
As far as Anastasia's personal life is concerned, we do not have much to share about the family's family history, other than the fact that she has a younger brother. She and her brother grew up in beautiful Kettering, Northamptonshire.
Likewise, the details of his diplomas are not known either. She kept all aspects of her personal life away from the spotlight to the best of her ability.
Anastasia Kingsnorth boyfriend
As far as her love life is concerned, Anastasia Kingsnorth may be single because she has never been connected to other social media personalities or to other people. Fans are curious to learn more about his private life, but the fact is that we have no idea what his boyfriend is about.
In addition, this gorgeous lifestyle influencer has never publicly attended anyone. Some media reported that she was out with a guy named Morgan Hudson between 2016 and 2017.
Physical statistics
Professional statistics
YouTube career
Anastasia Kingsnorth debuted as YouTuber while she was still a teenager in December 2013. She uploaded her first video entitled "Weekend Night Routine" in May 2014, since she's unstoppable.
At 19, Anastasia Kingsnorth has already made a name as an influential beauty and fashion and has accomplished a lot that is twice her age.
With its growing popularity, Anastasia has created a career that many would envy. Its main YouTube channel has accumulated nearly one million subscribers, while its second channel "Anastasia's vlogs" has more than 470,000 subscribers.
Anastasia Kingsnorth creates creative and engaging content covering a variety of lifestyle topics and also creates videos that show her personal aspect of life. Her fans love her because she is very open to them.
In addition, his channel offers a variety of content, including "Back to School", "Halloween" and "Christmas" videos, as well as transportation videos. There is no doubt that Anastasia will continue to grow as an influential beauty while inspiring countless women. She is a breath of fresh air for many young women who need someone to look at.
Fortune of Anastasia Kingsnorth
Anastasia Kingsnorth was very successful early in her career. Thanks to her professional achievements, Anastasia has accumulated a net worth of $ 0.7 million.
Anastasia has turned her passion into an influencer career on social media. Anastasia has collaborated with many leading brands in the industry including MAC, Tampax, Iconic London and Look Fantastic. She earns money by making videos in the form of advertising revenue from YouTube partnerships, brand promotion and other online activities. YouTubers are generally paid between $ 3 and $ 10 per 1000 monetized views.
Like other social media personalities, Anastasia Kingsnorth is very active on various social media platforms that attract a large number of fans. It has more than 733,000 Insta subscribers and more than 250,000 followers on Twitter.
Anastasia Kingsnorth favorite things
- Celebrity of the Internet – Zoe Sugg
- Colors – White, pastel pink
- Hobbies – Traveling, shopping
Facts of Anastasia Kingsnorth
She likes to draw, paint and decorate her room with different festive themes.
She is a big fan of Zoe Sugg and posted a video in October 2014 titled "Beauty Collective Haul ft. Zoella Beauty ".
Anastasia was formerly known as Floral Princess.
Some of the most popular videos in her channel are "Hidden in my own home", "Extreme never saw her!", "Drive With Me" and "I only ate vegan food for 24 hours".
Anastasia posts new videos on her channel every Sunday and Wednesday.Antidepressants May Improve Heart Health
Patients taking SSRIs had reduced risk of blood clots, hardened arteries, study found
MONDAY, April 26, 2010 (HealthDay News) -- A widely used type of antidepressant may help protect cardiovascular health by slowing the clumping of blood platelets, thus reducing the risk of hardening of the arteries and blood clots that can cause heart attack and stroke, U.S. researchers say.
The new study compared 25 depressed patients taking a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) and 25 healthy people who weren't taking an antidepressant. Blood samples were taken at the start of the study and again four and eight weeks later.
At four weeks, the rate of platelet clumping was 95 percent in the healthy volunteers and 37 percent in the patients taking an SSRI. However, platelet clumping in the SSRI-treated patients was higher at eight weeks than at four weeks. This suggests that SSRIs have the greatest effect on platelet clumping in the early stage of treatment, the study authors explained.
The study findings are scheduled to be presented Monday at the American Physiological Society conference, held April 24 to 28 in Anaheim, Calif.
The researchers plan to analyze blood samples taken after 12 weeks and will also conduct a study using a different brand of SSRI.
"The reason we're doing this is to better the lives of depressed patients," study author Dr. Evangelos Litinas, a research associate at the Loyola University Medical Center in Maywood, Ill., said in a news release from the American Physiological Society.
," Litinas said.
More information
The American Heart Association outlines steps you can take to reduce the risk of heart disease, stroke and heart attack.Ischemia-modified albumin levels in patients with idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss
Date2019
MetadataShow full item record
CitationCırık, A. A., Evcimik, M. F., Ülfer, G., Yiğitbaşı, T. ve Aktaş, Ö. (2019). Ischemia-modified albumin levels in patients with idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss. The Turkish Journal of Ear Nose and Throat, 29(1), 21-27.
Abstract
Objectives: This study aims to investigate whether serum levels of ischemia-modified albumin (IMA) are associated with idiopathic sudden sensorineural hearing loss (ISSNHL). Patients and Methods: Between December 2015 and June 2017, a total of 17 patients (9 males, 8 females; mean age 49.4±18.0 years; range, 24 to 88 years) with ISSNHL and 24 age- and sex-matched healthy individuals (12 males, 12 females; mean age 44.5±13.3 years; range, 30 to 81 years) as the control group were included in the study. All patients underwent audiometric examination at the time of admission immediately before the beginning of the treatment and weekly after treatment initiation until one month using the Interacoustics AC40 audiometer. Serum IMA levels were evaluated using blood samples from the antecubital vein of both patient and control groups. The samples were centrifuged to separate the serum from the cells. Albumin cobalt binding test was used for IMA measurement. Results: The mean IMA level was 0.374±0.081 absorbance units (ABSU) (range, 0.205 to 0.536) in the study group at the time of diagnosis, 0.358±0.051 ABSU (range, 0.297 to 0.466) in the post-treatment period, at least four weeks after onset, and 0.358±0.053 ABSU (range, 0.281 to 0.434) in the control group. There was no statistically significant difference between the patient and control groups. The IMA levels of the patients with ISSNHL in the post-treatment period were lower than the onset of illness, although this difference was not statically significant (0.440). Conclusion: Our study results demonstrated that serum IMA levels in the patients with ISSNHL did not differ from the control group.
SourceThe Turkish Journal of Ear Nose and Throat
Volume29
Issue1
Collections
- Makale Koleksiyonu [2481]
- TR-Dizin İndeksli Yayınlar Koleksiyonu [1183]Home Political science
Table 2.1 shows the different mixture of revenue and spending that went into the squeezes we have identified. Of the eighteen cases shown in column 2, ten were 'single' squeezes—seven revenue-only squeezes, three expenditure-only squeezes (the two interwar cases, plus the late-1970s Labour squeezes)—while the remaining eight were a mixture of the two. As can be seen, governments quite frequently carried out hard revenue squeezes over much of the earlier part of the century (we comment on the later period shortly). Single hard expenditure squeezes were rare over the century as a whole and seemed to come only in particularly dire economic circumstances.
The table also shows variations in the relative part played by expenditure and revenue in those nine squeezes which involved a mixture of the two. 'Double hard' squeezes (that is, spending decreases and tax increases in both constant prices and as a proportion of GDP) were so rare over the period as a whole that only one of the nine cases (that taking place immediately after World War I) comprised such a squeeze. More generally, fiscal squeezes were rarely symmetrical, in the sense of equal pressure being applied on spending and revenue (at least on these financial outcome measures). In some episodes, spending was squeezed so that taxes could be cut (as happened in the early 1920s, in response to electoral pressures for tax cuts), while in others revenue was increased so that spending could be increased (as in most of the revenue- only squeezes shown in Table 2.1). Two of the hybrid squeezes were 'hard' on spending and 'soft' on revenue (those occurring in the aftermath of World War II and the Labour squeeze associated with the IMF loan of 1976), while one was 'soft' on spending side and 'hard' on revenue (the 1968-69 Labour squeeze). The remaining squeezes were all 'double soft', and that mixture seems to be associated with more recent episodes.
Third, of the periods shown in Table 2.1, two (1916-18 and 1941-46) were instances of war finance under wartime coalition governments, and show up here as 'single hard revenue' squeezes, in that taxes were sharply raised while overall government spending and borrowing shot up. But as we note in the chapters that follow, it can be argued that those periods were effectively cases of 'hybrid' or double squeeze, at least as far as civilians were concerned, since most non-military expenditure was cut back while defence spending soared.
Related topicsMonthly Archives: July 2021
A Look at Housing Supply and What It Means for Sellers 3 Hot Topics in the Housing Market Right Now What You Should Do Before Interest Rates Rise Experts Agree: Options Are Improving for Buyers Diving Deep into Today’s Biggest Buyer Concerns Housing Supply Is Rising. What Does That Mean for You? Why This Isn’t Your Typical Summer Housing Market 4 Major Incentives To Sell This Summer Should I Move or Refinance? Are You Pricing Your Home Right?- Identification and Creation
- Object Number
- 1986.604
- People
- Unidentified Artist
- Title
- Head of a Bishop Saint
- Other Titles
- Former Title: Head of a Bishop
- Classification
- Paintings
- Work Type
- painting
- Date
- c. 1375 - 1400
- Culture
- Italian, Tuscan, Pisan
- Persistent Link
-
- Physical Descriptions
- Medium
- Tempera on panel
- Dimensions
- 27.3 x 19.2 cm (10 3/4 x 7 9/16 in.)
- Acquisition and Rights
- Credit Line
- Harvard Art Museums/Fogg Museum, Gift of Wayne Andersen
- Accession Year
- 1986
- Object Number
- 1986.6KOYO NA49/22R bearing - Bearing Home - royanptc
Get In Touch. If you need to buy bearings, you can contact us, our company mainly provide SKF, NSK, FAG, INA, NTN, KOYO, IKO, TIMKEN and other brands of products, a variety of models optional. We are one of the best Wholesalers for KOYO 7202CDB FY Bearing. New in factory box - 7010Fy Koyo new angular contact ball bearing part number - 7010FYKOYO. Manufacturer name - Koyo. Product details. Shipping . If you want to understand the KOYO 7202CDB FY Bearing Price,Assembly,Size,Importers. Please contact us. koyo 7901cdf bearing is one of the best products we sell, our company is also one of the best koyo 7901cdf bearing cost. Expect us to cooperate. Our koyo 7901cdf bearing in Honduras, Iran, Middle East and elsewhere sale. にAMERICAN KOYO BEARING MFG CORP.（ KOYO CORPORATION OF U.S.A. ）を 1975 （ ） 1979 を NSK 7901 7901CDB KOYO Lihsui Rodamientos Trade Co., Ltd profesional proporcionando Rodamientos 7901CDB KOYO, tiene muchos años de experiencia, 7901CDB Tamaño: dxDxB (mm) (12x24x12), el modelo antiguo: 1236901Rodamientos, mientras que la agencia también profesional de 7901CDB modelos de otras marcas de rodamientos, tales como SKF, にAMERICAN KOYO BEARING MFG CORP.（ KOYO CORPORATION OF U.S.A. ）を 1975 （ ） 1979 を
Koyo 7001DB bearing best price in Germany | Hudson Bearing
Koyo 7001DB bearing best price in Germany. Koyo 7001DB bearing best price in Germany can ensure high quality for more than 80% raw material of Koyo 7001DB bearing best price in Germany provided by the steel plant.Explorer series bearing of Koyo 7001DB bearing best price in Germany Details of Angular Contact Ball Bearings bearing 7901CDB,7901CDB bearings,KOYO 7901CDB,Angular Contact Ball Bearings 7901CDB . The raceways of angular contact ball bearings bearing 7901CDB,7901CDB bearings,KOYO 7901CDB,Angular Contact Ball Bearings 7901CDB in the inner and outer rings can have relative displacement on the horizontal axis. In 1995, Nippon NSK invested a factory in Kunshan, China, To thank the trust of NSK group, Kingsun professionally provides you the NSK products, and technology supports, perfect NSK 7901A5 bearings after-sales. We export high quantities NSK 7001ADB Bearing and relative products, we have huge stocks for NSK 7001ADB Bearing and relative items, we supply high quality NSK 7001ADB Bearing with reasonbable price or we produce the bearings along with the technical data or relative drawings, It's priority to us to supply best service to our clients. KOYO 7001DB FY bearing high technology in Japan are widely used in industrial drive, agriculture, compressors, motors and generators, construction, industrial fan, industrial transmission and other fields.Published: | Updated:
An 'iron-air' battery has been developed in the US that can store electricity from wind or solar power stations for days at a time, slowly discharging it to the grid.
It will help tackle climate change by reducing the need for fossil fuel power plants, according to technology startup Form Energy, from Massachusetts, US.
The Iron-Air battery is a 'new class of cost-effective, multi-day energy storage system,' that can feed electricity for 100 hours at 1/10th the cost of lithium-Ion, the 'holy grail' in terms of renewable energy technology.
It is made using iron, one of the most common elements on Earth, and works by breathing in oxygen, converting iron to rust, and turning rust back to iron.
As it takes in the oxygen and converts the iron back and forth it is charging and discharging the battery, a process that keeps the energy stored for a longer period.
The batteries are too heavy for use in electric cars, according to the firm, who say they are designed to meet the challenge of keeping a constant power supply.
If development continues at pace, Form Energy hope the first batteries will be working to supply the grid by 2025.
Form Energy plan to stack thousands of their 'iron-air' batteries together in vast warehouses, as shown in this rendering produced by the company
The idea is that when renewable energy systems, such as wind farms and solar plants aren't operating, the batteries can take over feeding the grid with previously stored electricity
The basic principle of operation is reversible rusting, the firm says.
While discharging, the battery breathes in oxygen from the air and converts iron metal to rust.
While charging, the application of an electrical current converts the rust back to iron and the battery breathes out oxygen.
They take in power from renewable sources, storing that energy for up to 150 hours and discharging it to the grid when renewables are offline. version , a one megawatt system requires about an acre of land.
Higher density configurations can achieve 3MW/acre.
This will solve one of the most elusive problems facing renewable energy, that is how to cheaply store large amounts of electricity and supply it to power grids when the sun isn't shining for solar panels or wind isn't blowing for turbines.
Solar and wind resources are the lowest marginal cost sources of electricity in most of the world, but they don't provide a constant supply like fossil fuel power plants.
The electric grid now faces a challenge in how to manage this variability in supply without sacrificing energy reliability or affordability.
Form Energy claim their new battery system is the solution to this growing problem.
Mateo Jaramillo, CEO and Co-founder of Form Energy, said they conducted a broad review of all available technologies and ended up reinvented the iron-air battery.
This was done to 'optimise it for multi-day energy storage for the electric grid.'
The firm says the battery they are developing will allow countries to fully retire thermal assets like coal and natural gas power plants.
'With this technology, we are tackling the biggest barrier to deep decarbonization: making renewable energy available when and where it's needed, even during multiple days of extreme weather or grid outages,' said Jaramillo.
It will also be cheaper, the firm said. A lithium-iron battery cell uses nickel, cobalt, lithium and manganese minerals that cost up to $80 per kilowatt-hour of storage.
Using iron, Form hope to get that to less than $6 per kw/hour in terms of mineral costs for each cell, and packing them into a full battery system will still keep the cost to less than $20 per kilowatt hour of energy storage.
This is the price point that experts say renewables will finally be able to replace traditional fossil-fuel power plants.
Investors in the firm include Breakthrough Energy Ventures, a climate investment fund backed by Bill Gates, Jeff Bezos and others. They've also taken funding from steelmaking giant ArcelorMittal, a world leading iron-ore producer.
It is made using Iron, one of the most common elements on Earth, and works by breathing in oxygen, converting iron to rust, and turning rust back to iron
Iron, chemical element Fe and atomic number 26, is a metal that, by mass, is hte most common element on Earth.
It forms most of the outer and inner core and is the fourth most common element in the crust.
As a metal it is rare in the crust, limited to meteorite deposits, but iron ore is very common.
With the use of kilns and furnaces iron metal can be extracted from iron ore at temperatures greater than 2,730 degrees Fahrenheit.
Humans first started producing iron metal from ore around 2000 BCE in Euraisa to produce tools and weapons that displaced copper alloys.
This is the transition from the Bronze Age and on to the Iron Age, although it didn't happen until 1200 BCE in some areas of the planet.
Form Energy is working with ArcelorMittal on the development of iron materials which ArcelorMittal would non-exclusively supply for Form's battery systems.
The firm plans to source the iron domestically in the US, and then build batteries near where they will be sited, including within the American Iron Range in Minnesota for utility firm Great River Energy.
Greg Ludkovsky, Global Head of Research and Development at ArcelorMittal, who will supply the iron, said, Form Energy was leading the development of long-duration, grid-scale battery storage solutions.
'The multi-day energy storage technology they have developed holds exciting potential to overcome the issue of intermittent supply of renewable energy,' he said.
The firm was founded by lithium-battery pioneer Yet-Ming Chiang, a professor at MIT, and Jaramillo, who studied economics before moving into battery technology, including a seven year spell at Tesla.
'The founding team has 100 years of battery experience,' Chiang told the Wall Street Journal. 'We're the alumni of a generation of failed battery companies who all came back for more.'
In early 2018 the first small scale tests of the new battery technology began and in 2020 they were able to purchase the patents of an Arizona-based battery company.
The technology makes use of iron, extracted from iron ore, by rusting, reversing the rusting and slowly dispersing stored energy over days
This gave them a technology that was impermeable to water but was able to breathe oxygen, a competent essential for their battery.
'Having this piece nailed down allowed us to hit the accelerator,' said Jaramillo.
The final design will see 20 individual 3ft by 3ft cells will be grouped in a battery and thousands of batteries will be strung together within a warehouse.
Each warehouse will then store a weeks worth of electricity, taking days to fully charge but discharging over as much as 150 hours.
They will be charged by renewable energy plants such as wind and solar while operational, to create a 150 hour buffer when they aren't producing power, thus ensuring a continuous supply of electricity to the grid.
Several start-ups have begun to explore the idea of mining near-Earth asteroids for precious resources.
The celestial objects are made of carbon, silicon or metal, but it is metallic asteroids that mining companies are most interested in.
These rogue blocks of minerals are teeming with precious metals, including pricey platinum, which could be worth quadrillions on Earth.
Nickel, iron and gold are also found in abundance within metallic asteroids.
Nasa estimates the total value of resources locked in space rocks is £522 quintillion - equivalent to £75 billion ($100 billion) for each person on Earth.
A company could send a small space probe to intersect with asteroids as they pass near Earth, and mine them for these resources.
Experts have warned that doing so may destroy commodity prices and cause the world's economy to collapse.What to Try to find in Commercial Cleaning Providers
Business cleaning services are normally gotten to execute cleansing jobs in numerous facilities throughout a business, consisting of workplaces and storehouses. The scope of job is considerable and may include doing every little thing from cleaning furniture and devices to the within cabinets and also racks. Numerous companies choose industrial cleaning services due to the fact that they use comfort. You can contract a firm to do your cleaning regularly or for certain times. As an example, you can employ a company on a month-to-month basis to clean and preserve the workplace. This will certainly maximize your time to do other things. Having your workplace spic-and-span is essential for making a wonderful impression on clients as well as supplying an effective workplace. Sanitation can go a lengthy method to creating that excellent impression. No person wants to remain in a location where the work environment really feels confined as well as uneasy. By employing business cleaning company to maintain your office clean, you can produce that wonderful perception that your office is a healthy and balanced, comfortable place to be. Specialist commercial cleaning services will also see to it that your workplace floors are clean as well as clean. There are many different types of floor covering, from timber, floor tile and carpeting to rock as well as glass. The kind of floor covering you use significantly impacts the appearance of your work area. In addition to working with a specialist business to make use of industrial cleaning services on your floorings, you will certainly need to buy top quality business cleaning equipment. The most common sorts of commercial cleaning company consist of residential, commercial and commercial cleansing. Domestic cleaning calls for eliminating dust and also debris from a residence or office as well as replacing certain furniture pieces. Industrial cleaning includes more heavy-duty items and equipment that are made use of to scrub workplace floorings, home windows, showers as well as wall surfaces. Some industrial cleansing equipments consist of tank vacuums. Industrial cleaning company are commonly worked with by bigger companies, such as dining establishments, hotels as well as company workplaces. They do every one of the cleaning for your company so you do not need to fret about doing it yourself. If you choose to work with a commercial cleaning service carrier, you can inquire to come to your workplace to examine your centers. This is a crucial initial step, since these company will have the ability to see every little thing you have and also will certainly recognize what it requires to maintain your work space clean as well as organized. In addition, you should ask for a list of any type of readily available commercial cleaning services in your area. As soon as you receive the listing, you can after that ask your prospective company for a quote. Prior to employing commercial cleaning services, you should additionally become aware of the different guidelines controling safe workplace techniques. Many areas have local codes regulating just how commercial cleaning company have to perform their service. These guidelines are put into location to help safeguard employees, customers and the atmosphere. You must investigate the regulations completely before you hire a business cleaning service. Additionally, ensure the provider you pick uses the best and also most efficient methods of cleaning your office or facility, as well as utilizes just hazardous products.
Why Aren’t As Bad As You ThinkI have listed a new property at 2728 Wheaton DR in Edmonton.
SPECTACULAR DESIGN in Windermere One with lake views this 4563 sqft 2ST with F/F basement features over 6200 sqft of luxurious living space. Upon entering you with en-suites including the Huge master with 5pc spa inspired en-suite, steam shower & lg walkthrough closet with attached laundry, barrel roll ceiling bonus room with private deck, custom millwork & stone countertops throughout, Nanny suite with en-suite & separate entrance, central sports bar, recreation room, games room, European Light fixtures, 2 central A/C & oversized triple garage. JUST MOVE INLook what has just arrived on my doorstep!!!
It’s the Annie Sloan Chalk Paint prize pack I won from Kartina Chambers blog {I mentioned it HERE!}
I can’t wait to get into it!!! They are sew pretty!
❤
I have recently upcycled a cheap TV cabinet for the boy’s new playroom {I am re-arranging and re-painting all the rooms}.
I used Miss Mustard Seed’s Milk Paint for it. It is lightly shabbied and waxed.
This is the before and after :
I will take some better pictures of it and share in a future post.
❤
I recently tried my hand at making my own chalk paint and have started a little project with it :
I am in love with the colour! It is sooooo bright and beautiful!!
❤
I am also going to try to make my own milk paint in the next few days!
When I have done so, and used it, I will do a special post rating the 4 in my own opinion. So stay tuned! 😉
❤
Don’t forget to check out my new Manic Mumdays Facebook page!
It’s easier than ever, just click ‘like’ on the icon on the right hand side –>
Thanks! Cya next time,DJs Hit the Polls, Show Off Their 'I Voted' Stickers & Encourage Americans to Vote
Is this election a very powerful election in American historical past? You'd be inclined to consider it checking social media. It's grow to be a continuing dialog — generally hopeful, generally mired in frustration and disgust — however everybody throughout the aisle can agree that getting out to vote at present (Nov. 6) is vital to creating our voices rely.
The dance music neighborhood is all about unity, and the DJs and producers of the United States are displaying delight of their civic obligation. There are even some non-American DJs and producers who stay within the United States urging those that can vote to train their proper. It's fairly stunning, actually. The founding fathers would absolutely get their effing fingers up for these poll drops.
The Chainsmokers, Brillz, Party Favor and extra hit their polling locations and up to date the 'Gram. Won't you do the identical? Check out their voting stickers under.
Related Posts
John Mayer Opens Up About His Sex Life, Says He's Slept With 'Sub-500' Women
2019 Grammy Nominations: The Snubs & Surprises
Paranoia Is in Bloom: How Muse's 'Uprising' Captured an Era and Conquered the Alternative Songs Chart
Maxwell Challenges Standards of Beauty Through 'Shame' Video, Talks 20th Anniversary of 'Embrya'Experience a better way to achieve results. Featuring adjustable swim current and underwater cameras, our Swim Ex 600T model therapy pool offers unlimited training potential. Swim Smart offers stroke evaluation and lessons to help athletes reach their full potential.
Swim Smart Stroke Evaluation
Four 30 minute evaluations (includes assessments of all 4 strokes) strategically placed throughout the season to track and maintain progress. Underwater Video capture link emailed to parents and coaches. Prescription sheet includes diagnostics and recommended drill prescription for each stroke.
Swim Smart Lessons
Stroke and technique training tailored to meet the needs of individual swimmer. Underwater Video Capture and Side-by-Side Analysis to track and study progress. Prescription sheet shared with swimmer, coaches and parents in order to help to instill proper technique within practice. Available in single sessions and packages.
Swim Smart Athlete Longevity
Prevent, maintain and recover from common swim injuries. Strengthen muscle groups around problem areas through aquatic therapy and increase range of motion through myofacial release. Correct stroke issues that lead to injury and improve stroke mechanics for an all around healthier swimmer. Ideal for shoulders, backs, knees, hips and more.“Naomi Osaka” by Carine06 is licensed under CC BY-SA 2.0
Japanese-American tennis star Naomi Osaka, a four-time Grand Slam singles champion and the reigning champion at the US and Australian Open, announced her withdrawal from Wimbledon, an international tennis Grand Slam tournament, on June 17, 2021. In May Osaka withdrew from the 2021 French Open to focus on her mental health, sparking an international conversation around unreasonable expectations for athletes.
On May 27, Osaka posted a Tweet declining to hold any press conferences at the annual Roland Garros event and lamenting how athletes’ mental health is often disregarded.
❤️ pic.twitter.com/EegFSKnoie
— NaomiOsaka大坂なおみ (@naomiosaka) May 26, 2021
Osaka's sponsors largely supported her withdrawal from the tournament including Nike and Mastercard who applauded her for prioritizing her health. Forbes listed Osaka as the top earner among female athletes in 2020.
Her decision has highlighted the mental health impacts of high-pressure professional athletics.
Athletes’ mental health challenges
Sports Illustrated documented American swimming star, Michael Phelps’ experience with alcohol and depression, his resulting swimming hiatus, and gradual return to swimming in a 2015 issue. After emerging as a 22-time medalist in 3 consecutive Olympic Games and major world swimming contests, he struggled with the pressure of being in the spotlight and maintaining his performances. In September 2014, he was pulled over for speeding 84mph in a 45mph zone and was subsequently arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol.
According to the Sports Illustrated article, he checked himself into a rehabilitation center to confront his alcohol addiction. After his time in rehab, he managed to make it to the 2016 Rio Olympics and ended his career with 28 Olympic medals.
Another athlete who has been unusually candid about their mental health is British Olympic runner Kelly Holmes —one of British’s most decorated athletes. In 2019 Holmes created a podcast called What Do I Do?: Mental Health and Me which focuses on her running career and experience coping with mental health issues and discusses a range of issues such as OCD, insomnia, addiction, grief, depression, and anxiety.
Holmes has suffered from a range of injuries and illnesses throughout her career which have sidelined her, including glandular fever, a ruptured calf, twisted ovaries, and a torn Achilles tendon, to name a few. In 2003, just before the World Athletics Championships in Paris, she was injured again. During an interview with the Guardian, she discussed her distress and the self-harming impulses that arose because of her injury.
“I thought: ‘Why me? I’m so committed, so dedicated, why the ***k.”
She says these experiences — the lows of injuries and highs of winning first place in middle distance competitions — all inspired her to create her podcast. She frequently invites celebrities and public figures onto the show in order to demonstrate that “we can go through life and have struggles and still actually achieve. If that is empowering for other people that would be really nice.”
Impact of COVID-19 on Professional Sports
The pandemic has increased awareness about mental health among sports personalities.
Former British professional boxer Ricky Hatton discussed the challenges of being a boxer and the mental health problems that plague them in and out of the ring.
In 2007, Hatton was primed for the fight of his life with the then world welterweight champion Floyd Mayweather in Las Vegas. With his humble background in the Manchester backwater, his rise to fame was beyond his wildest dreams. However, his success came to a halt when he lost the fight in the 10th round, beginning a dark chapter where he would lose two more major fights and sink into depression, drugs, and isolation. In a 2020 interview with the BBC, Hatton said:
“The pressure I found was in the ring and fighting and being able to provide for my family. I didn't struggle with being famous, but I struggled with being beaten…The bad things kept coming one after the other and that's what got the ball rolling with the depression.”
With the start of the pandemic in 2020, Hatton took the opportunity to get back into shape both physically and mentally, and made it his mission to encourage others with mental health issues: “Having gone through it, I now see it as my job to help those suffering with mental health.”
He offered advice to those struggling during the pandemic:
“[The lockdown] helped me in so many ways. So if you're at home and suffering with your thoughts, just go out for a walk or a run. Or do a workout in the garden and let out some endorphins.”
In light of the pandemic, a number of sports organizations including the National Basketball Association (NBA), and the English Premier League (EPL) have adopted new campaigns and policies to support their players’ mental health.
In February 2020, the EPL launched the Heads Up campaign led by the Duke of Cambridge, Prince William. The campaign aimed to encourage conversations about mental health in football. Heads Up, is a partnership between Heads Together and The Football Association (FA) who wanted to harness football's popularity to generate a widespread conversation about mental health.
Across the pond, the NBA's first Play-off game coincided with the first week of Mental Health Awareness Month in May. The NBA launched a month-long campaign with the slogan, “Your mental wellness is as important as your physical health.” The campaign also featured various online materials including a podcast discussing mental health; a goal-setting portal for kids; and an Oprah Winfrey and Prince Harry docu-series focussing on mental health.
As sporting events start resuming, athletes will face increased pressure around their performances. With initiatives such as those taken by the NBA and the EPL, it will be imperative that other athletic associations urgently address these issues to avoid cases such as Naomi Osaka’s. The NBA aptly captured this in its May Mental Awareness campaign:
“We.”
While the EPL and NBA have made broad albeit slow measures to combat mental health, concerns still plague the NFL's muted line on the effects of head injuries, concussions, post-play stress, and depression among its players. Former NFL quarterback Ryan Leaf criticized the NFL for ignoring the mental health concerns of former players.
The state of mental health has earned the spotlight and will continue to plague the sporting world as players come to terms with the state of isolation during the last 18 months. It will also call to action sports organizations that manage both individual and team sports to address mental health better and with more empathy.NL
NL
ES
JA
SV
ZH
FIELDSOCK
SEAL THE GAP!
No Rocks In Thy Socks.
75 out of 75 people loved the sock and it's multi-function ability.
FieldSock
One Size Fits All
FieldSocks Material Allows
sock to take form of any foot.
Size 5.5 and up.
Keep Rocks/Debris From falling Between
Shoe'N'Sock
Has anyone experienced a rock/sticker/snow
falling between your shoe'N'sock before.?
FieldSock solves this problem and much more!
FIELDSOCK: Main Function is, The bottom cuff can serve as Gaiter socks, when needed. The socks are water resistant.
Gaiter socks Function Is Good For:
1-Everyday Yard Work.
Ex: Raking leaves & mowing lawn.
2- On The Job Digging Or Drilling.
Ex: P Gravel climbing into boot / Wood chips from drilling.
3-Hiking. (Keeping Chiggers/Ticks Out)
4- Hunting. (Keeping Snow/Debris Out)
5- Brushing Snow Off Your Car.
(Keeps Snow Out Of Shoe & Sock)
6- Riding Bike To Work.
(Tuck Pant Leg Into Outer Sleeve)
7- Outer Sleeve Top Cuff.
(Serves As An Inconspicuous Holding Spot)
Ex: Stashing money while going to concert. .
8- OSHA strongly suggests in some places, to have shoe laces secured some how to prevent accidents.
9- '#Adjusters' 'Roofers' Going up'N'down ladder & on the pitch of roofs.Should be enforced to have laces secured.
10-FieldSock helps facilitate much more.
FieldSock Is Made Up Of:
Polypropylene 55% Nylon 45% Spandex 5%
Field Socks: comes in one size
(1 size fits all)
- Roughly Men- (6-12)
Woman- (4 1/2-10)
- Outer Sleeve Bottom Cuff has added elastic for keeping in place.
- Added cushion from heel to toe area: for warmth & to help relieve some of the strenuous movement your foot encounters through out the day.
- FieldSock is made up of 3 threads,
That create a warm breathable and
functionable sock.
- Thread type also wicks away
moisture.
- FieldSock has a 'Compression' of
10-15mmhg. This tight fit gives the foot support while relieving stress an ankle endures through out the day. FieldSock's Compression also helps with fatigue threw the calf and foot. ~Stylish Compression Socks these are~
- Thread content has characteristics that reduce odor.
*'ATHLETES' Some Sports Require Laces Secured.
I know in Basketball you don't want laces loose.
I know in soccer, You don't want laces in the way
while shooting a goal.
When FieldSock Becomes Debt Free,
FieldSock Will Be Giving 5-10% Of Proceeds
To: Finding a Cure to Multiple Sclerosis.
One Of Our Finest, was diagnosed with MS and we as a family
together in FieldSock. Will not stand for this, I ask who ever
reads this and has faith. Pray with us & with our prayers weaving together, creating a thread. This thread will extend into the next realm,
and will be heard & Answered. In the name of our Father, Almen
It is said to believe that Compression field socks to a sock helps with Varicose Veins, from developing.
Field Socks are considered Warm cycling socks.You are here
3.4.7 Top-up Facility
Document.MobileBurn reviews Motorola RAZR V3x which based on popular RAZR series from Motorola, and highly recommends Motorola RAZR V3x with comment: “I really like the V3x. It is a beauty and the soft touch feel of its external casing feels really good. With a great feature set and excellent audio quality, I have no qualms about giving it a Highly Recommended rating. Style and function does not come any nearer than this. With the addition of its slightly revamped user interface, it just shows what Motorola is highly capable of. However, if you cannot stand the short battery life and the annoying iTap system, I would suggest you look elsewhere. As for me, I will just get a spare battery and use the multitap system for SMS.”
Full Review (dead link)If an Englishman’s home is his castle, his family home is undoubtedly his Buckingham Palace. They’re unimaginably precious to us, holding our memories and identities, biro-drawn height charts, and idiosyncrasies that estate agents can’t begin to appreciate the value of. This, of course, makes the prospect of selling all the harder. So what do you need to consider when selling? We’d start by doing the following…
1. Detach and de-sentimentalise. First, and foremost, practise a bit of emotional detachment: consider it the ultimate in decluttering. By letting go of material possessions (in this case, almost all of them at once and the brickwork, oak floors and Farrow and Ball paint too), you can free yourself for new adventures and space for new memories. It’s hard to walk around the rooms our children grew up in and see them as little more than selling points, but removing the romanticism will help you to start a new chapter.
2. Persuade your family members to do the same. You might be surprised (or not, depending on how vocal your offspring usually are) to find that grown up children are the most resistant to selling the family home… the very walls hold a great deal of power over kids who have flown the nest, even if they now have children themselves. Throughout tumultuous break ups, career moves and milestones, the building and its contents (and you within it) has been their one constant point of reference. Give everyone plenty of time to come around to the idea, and warn them when professional photos and for sale signs are going up: it will come as less of a shock.
3. Decide how you’re going to sell it, and to whom. How are you going to make a sale? Will you enlist the services of We Buy Any House, or offer it to the highest bidder at an auction? Would you feel most comfortable using an estate agent, or would you prefer to make a sale via a private agreement? Decide on the hows and whos of selling, as this will help to make handing over the deeds feel like the right decision.
4. Have an interim plan. Doubtless you’re on the precipice of change: be it travelling, downsizing or renting. Make sure you have somewhere to go and a way of funding your lifestyle until you’re settled into your new normal. Sales can take a while and things can get expensive if events don’t unfold as you’re expecting, so have a back up plan and a place to stay.
5. Be clear about what you want for the future. It’s no good selling if it feels like a poor exchange, so before you put it on the market, be very clear about what you want your next place to look like. Where will it be? How big is it? What input does it require from you to make it feel like it’s yours? Who will visit? How will it fit into your life going forward? Write a list of answers responding to questions like these. If you feel happy about where you end up next, you’ll feel more at peace about selling your family home to someone else.
Disclosure: This post was brought to you in collaboration with We Buy Any Home. Thank you for supporting the brands that help make JuggleMum possible.
My 10-year-old daughter has already told us that she’s never leaving home and if we want to move when she’s older, she’s buying this house.
Good to know we’ve got a buyer in the future!!
My kids have said similar too but I think they’d want us to give it to them…. No chance!!
Some good tips. My adcice would be don’t sell to some mad woman who wants to sign on lucky days – there wasn’t one for weeks.
What a ‘mare! I wonder what made the date lucky?!
In a way I am glad we are in a rental property but I would like to own a property in the future. Will keep these selling tips in mind
I can imagine it would be such a difficult process to go though, these are really helpful tips!
I found buying and selling a house one of the most stressful things ever! Not down to us, but once you get solicitors involved, well then it starts to go downhill!
Good tips. We tried selling, but no one wanted our house :/ seems 2 bedroom properties aren’t what people want in my area. We’re now renovating to make the house nice – I really don’t like it here, but hope that a re-do will spark some kind of love for it.
Ooh yeah, I definitely found it odd when my parents sold the house I grew up in – it meant their next house was ‘my parents house’ rather than home – it was a long time ago, but at the time I found it really sad!
I love moving house but my husband says we have to stay where we are for a good few years after four house moves in about 8 years x
Great tips! I hope I never have to move house again! It was the most stressful thing I have ever done.
It was for me too but it was 15 years ago now so the memory has faded somewhat!
Thanks for the tips – I’ve never sold a house before but I think I would be a little more confident on where to start now!Tune in to see what’s next for PlayStation 5.
You’ve been awfully patient, and we thank you for that. And now we’re looking forward to showing you what we’ve been working on..!
226 Comments
Yes finally! I wish it was longer than 40 mins though. Either way I hyped to hopefully finally see God of War and whatever else is planned.
agree it needs to be longer 40 mins is to short im happy we have one though
Sid Shuman says: “You’ve been awfully patient, and we thank you for that.”
Have we? I think the whole PlayStation community has been climbing the walls! 😆
As long as they get to the point with showing games I’ll be good with the length.
HYYYYYPE!
The hype is real➤Ⓞ ●☚………
Copy Here→→→→→
THANK YOU SONY!!
Thanks for the invite, I’ll be there!
Hi Mr. Sid!
it’s great to have great news coming soon, but respectfully I would like to say… Be careful with announcements, information, dates, if the game is cross-gen, only PS 5, or eventually on PC.
Check information 10 times if it’s necessary.
Thank you.
@bravoser Like, don’t tell us if its cross gen until 3 months later, careful?
@andrewsqual..
Stop crying Xbot 🤡
Everyone likes this.
Without a doubt.
Sure
Yessir
Is this a freaking joke? They should always be sharing news on the future of playstation. Now they need an event to share information? And people are gobbling this up like thanksgiving dinner. FREAKING WOW PEOPLE, WOW.
Hier je suis disponible à et de votre ytuy.
Super excited for this year’s showcase event. Almost thought it’s not going to happen which makes perfect sense considering how covid has impacted development studios around the world. This is such a nice surprise. Last year in September event you revealed FFXVI, God Of War Sequel logo reveal, PS5 price reveal, Hogwarts game reveal, Miles Morales gameplay reveal. Can’t wait to see what you’ve got for 2021 Sep showcase event, lets go!
Still wasn’t as good as the June Showcase though. There are games from Sep last year nowhere even close to getting another screenshot lol.
But most of the big games from the June showcase….. released within 12 months of that event, which was awesome. Even Demon’s Souls was a launch title which nobody saw coming.
Let’s Go!!!!!!
You know what PS5 owners would really like? The official storage expansion update! The beta phase is surely done by now and it’s clear which drives work so please let us all have access to our storage bay.
the beta is not done.
Yes please….I need to expand the storage…tired of moving games back and forth to an external drive….I even held off buying some new games because of it. Haven’t heard from many of any issues with the beta so perhaps a good sign that it has been going well and a release is real soon
The beta is still on going, but the good news is that so far its working fine. WD Black SN850 2TB in mine.
I currently have 26 games installed on my PS5. I always wonder how many games people are playing at any given time. PS5 game files seem to be a bit smaller than PS4 games. Im really not in a hurry to drop hundreds of $ on a new SSD. I’d much rather see what new games are coming at this point.
Just be happy you even have a PS5! :)
Hopefully new units will be coming out or secondary versions of a pro system. 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
A Pro system will be very liekly coming in 2023, if it goes the way the PS3 (2006) got the slim in 2009 and the PS4 (2013) got the Pro in 2016.
@andrewsqual… There ain’t no PS5 pro coming 🤡
Kind of unlikely a secondary unit will come out when they’re struggling to supply enough of the primary unit.
@clutch_sam007 Sorry, history says you are wrong.
You probably said the same thing about PS4 “Neo” in 2015 lol.
Hype! :)
Finally. Prepare yourselves BOOYYS IT’S RAGNAROK TIME!!!
let’s go!!! waiting a lot for this moment… #playstation #ps5
Very excited to check this out! PS5 has been awesome and packed with great experiences so far, cannot wait to see what the future holds!
YES, GT7 pls 💙
I’m so hyped 🥳🥳🥳, I hope to see some new game projects, maybe something about God Of War Ragnarok.
Hell yes, can’t wait. Already set on my 📅 Let’s go!
Cap the show the release of the next PS5 System Software so I can start using my 2TB Gen 4 SSD and it sounds like it’ll be a perfect day.
Ragnarok is coming
Will the broadcast be in 4K?
Nothing I’m particularly hyped for :( I am eagerly awaiting Gran Turismo 7 and FF7R-2 (and GTA6 obviously) but that’s about it… Maybe it’s because I’ve got no more MGS to look forward to or get the feeling less games got announced (or interest me) this generation? Usually I’ve already got over ten games pre-ordered. In any case, I hope to see more new announcements instead of deeper looks into games already announced or shown, and have more to look forward to in the future.
No PSVR 2? still looking forward to seeing the showcase but :(
Ohhhhhhh Elden Ring! Please!
THANK YOU GOD SONY!
BRING IT ON \m/
Come back with Only On PlayStation.
Get off PlayStation Jim Ryan and Hermen Hulst NOW.
True to that. Only on PlayStation doesn’t mean anything anymore!
Also glad to read VR won’t appear (sorry for those who do).
Me too because 40 mins is not enough time. It will easily get its own showcase when the time is right.
Final fantasy 16 please!
Yes, it’s about time. Do you know how long we have been waiting to hear something about upcoming games?
But most importantly, fingers crossed that this is the day that we’ll be able to expand our PS5 storage capacity.
Either way, I’m HYPE! And cant wait to see what Sony has in store for us. I wish it was longer than 40mins, but I’m cool with it as longs
as its nothing but 40mins of upcoming games for us to look forward to.
Now if only i could get a ps5 without paying a scalper, then this news would actually excitebme more.
Hypeeeeeee!! And please release the newer software update! I need that expansion for my ps5 games!
I completely agree!! The heart of all systems work is the games however the pink elephant was in the pink room is the PlayStation 5 internal storage.
Nice one Sony hopefully we get to see some fantastic AAA games in the works.
I’m looking forward to this.
After the PlayStation absence at E3, the PlayStation drought at Summer Game Fest, the PlayStation emptiness of GamesCom and the seemingly death of the non frequent State of Play showcase I am beyond excited to get a messily 40 minutes showcase.
I was wildly disappointed at the many, many delays like Horizon 2 and Grand Turismo, disappointed there isn’t going to be a physical release of Kena (digital is worthless for me so no sales for full price from me), and the cash grabbing paid upgrades to get your full priced game using the new PS5 features when PC gets them for free and the game at a lower price than the obscene 80 euro’s in the Netherlands. The new directors cuts are a disappointing state of the business at Sony for me when more and more games aren’t even exclusives anymore and clearly already make an obscene amount of money for the company.
Then there is the heavy focus on multiplayer in an already saturated multiplayer market resulting in more FTE and more money being spent on a service in favor of what makes PlayStation unique and the only reason why I care, high quality, story driven, single player games. You tried the MP thing during PS3 and most of them failed (thankfully).
So this better be good…. no excellent. Give the show a face, not a corporate, faceless voice over. Give me passion for game, hard release dates and a ton of single player experiences. If you want to spent money on developing MP crap, please sell them separately as I don’t want to pay for them (and I do even if they are “free” and “included”) so please don’t.
Dang dude. You should go outside more often and enjoy the world.
I presume by directors cut you’re talking about Ghost of tsushima, you are wrong.
If you already own the PS4 version you can by the directors cut for PS5 for £24.99 in the UK whereas if you don’t own the game already then it costs £69.99. Yes the PS5 DLC + upgrade costs £10 more than the PS4 equivalent, but it’s no where near full price.
Maybe people are spreading this FUD.
Or what you’re gonna leave for Xbox or OC? Don’t let the door hit you on the way out no one’s gonna cater to you personally.
Judging by replies to your post, Sony don’t need to change anything. Everybody is so overly happy with mediocre state of affairs.
Can’t wait for this! 🥳
I can’t wait to see this! I hope we get to see just a LITTLE more of “Kena Bridge of Spirits”, since it’s coming out September 21st. I’d also like to see more of Horizon Forbidden West, Final Fantasy XVI, and the next God of War, but I’d understand if they were a no show. I’M SO EXCITED!!!
Hey Sony, me and my Friends are waiting for a PS5 Black Edition color to buy it. Not just us but many many more are waiting for a Black PS5.
Make it happen!
We will not make a black console for you and your “friends”. Thank you.
It’s been a year since the last big showcase like this. I’m marking it down on my calendar. Hopefully there’s something special that will surprise each and everyone of us.
Looking forward to this!
KNACK 3!!!
I’m longtime sony fan but now i will probably switch to xbox because Bethesda an starfield… I’m sad because of my big digital collection of games…
Why? Just get a PC. You do not need an Xbox lol.
Gtfo xbot
I’m longtime sony fan but now i will probably switch to xbox because Bethesda an starfield…And they have Gamepass..
TVs have game pass too so…………………
Come on Spider-Man PS5 sequel!
Marvel Spider Man 2 plz we need two players sequel and everything
About time!
Yes xbox
Xbox 👉👌
Or what you’re gonna leave for Xbox or PC? Don’t let the door hit you on the way out no one’s gonna cater to you personally.
Why not both? PS5 + PC & Game Pass is a win
From zero to not a chance. What are the chances we see FF VII Remake part 2?
Hard to know. Part 1 got its re-reveal, after nearly 4 years of nothing, at the end of a State of Play before E3 2019.
Anything is possible. Its more likely RE4 Remake will be at this, like every other RE game reveal at Sony events the past 3 or 4 years.
This is going to be epic
HYPE FOR GOD OF WAR :)
Will you guys be showing us ps5 themes and a updated version on the party chat system? Maybe even bringing communities back?!?
This will be showcasing the upcoming games, with no console features to be announced. Read the blog post.
Also I better hope to see a ghost of tsushima 2 announcement or a sly cooper remaster
Dude, Ghost of Tsushima was just released a year ago. We’re not gonna see a sequel anytime soon.
And they just wasted a year doing a lazy PS5 port. There will most certainly not be a new game from them any time soon.
Guerilla couldn’t even give us Horizon Forbidden West THIS year because from June 2020 to Jan 2021, they were put to wasting time fixing a PC version of Horizon Zero Dawn, none of us here on this blog asked for.
Sony’s time and resource management is completely in disarray at the moment even WITHOUT Covid in the mix.
This is also officially the longest we have ever gone without an announcement from ND. Even TLOU Part II was announced only 7 months after Uncharted 4 launched.
I appreciate the nod to us being patient, it’s like we had rumors for an event like this since E3, I’m hyped.
Do something with Bloodborne please, even if just a 60fps patch.
Can’t wait to see what PlayStation has to offer us!! Gonna be a fun 40 minutes!
No PSVR well there goes my hype no need to watch then hopefully next time
Same here, I’m going to watch Oculus’ Facebook Connect VR conference on October 28 instead. At least we can see the future of VR and where the market is heading. If anything, its popularity in the form of engagement statistics will be motivating to Sony to take note.Filed under: Barack Obama, catastrophic event, civil defense, civil liberties, civil rights, civil service, civilian service, Communism, debt, Dictatorship, Draft, Empire, Fascism, homeland security, HR 5741, human rights, left right paradigm, mandatory service, mandatory volunteerism, Military, Military Industrial Complex, national guard, national service, Neolibs, New World Order, obama, Oppression, Police State, servitude, slavery, socialism, War On Terror | Tags: civilian army, civilian defense, civilian security, mandatory service, obamas army
You Will Serve Obama’s Civilian Army
Filed under: Barack Obama, catastrophic event, civil defense, civil liberties, civil rights, civil service, civilian service, Communism, debt, Dictatorship, Draft, Empire, Fascism, homeland security, HR 5741, human rights, left right paradigm, mandatory service, mandatory volunteerism, Michelle Obama, Military, Military Industrial Complex, natioal service, national guard, national service, Nazi, Neolibs, New World Order, obama, Oppression, Police State, rahm emanuel, rangle, servitude, slavery, socialism, War On Terror
.” -Barack Obama
Obama’s New National Military Draft.Best Western Bestwood
Our Customer Rating
Hotel Information
Overview
Near Bulwell Forest Golf Club
Rooms
Make yourself at home in one of the 40 guestrooms. banquet hall.
Location
A stay at Best Western Bestwood Lodge Hotel places you in the heart of Nottingham, a 1-minute drive from Brokerswood Country Park and 6 minutes from Bulwell Forest Golf Club. This romantic hotel is 4.8 mi (7.8 km) from Nottingham Trent University and 5.5 mi (8.9 km) from Motorpoint Arena Nottingham..
Attractions
Distances are displayed to the nearest 0.1 mile and kilometer.
Brokerswood Country Park - 0.1 km / 0.1 mi Bulwell Forest Golf Club - 2.9 km / 1.8 mi Victoria Centre Shopping Mall - 7.5 km / 4.7 mi Nottingham Trent University - 7.8 km / 4.8 mi The Cornerhouse - 7.9 km / 4.9 mi Old Market Square - 8.1 km / 5 mi Alea Nottingham - 8.3 km / 5.1 mi Nottingham Cathedral - 8.4 km / 5.2 mi Theatre Royal - 8.4 km / 5.2 mi Burntstump Country Park - 8.5 km / 5.3 mi Nottingham Playhouse - 8.6 km / 5.4 mi St Peter's Church - 8.8 km / 5.5 mi Nottingham Castle - 8.8 km / 5.5 mi Hucknall Church of St. Mary Magdalene - 8.8 km / 5.5 mi Motorpoint Arena Nottingham - 8.9 km / 5.5 mi
The nearest airports are:Orly Airport (ORY) - 694.7 km / 431.7 mi East Midlands Airport (EMA) - 31.6 km / 19.7 mi Nottingham (NQT) - 22.6 km / 14.1 mi
The preferred airport for Best Western Bestwood Lodge Hotel is Orly Airport (ORY).
BusinessAmenities
Featured amenities include complimentary newspapers in the lobby, dry cleaning/laundry services, and a 24-hour front desk. Free self parking is available onsite.
Renovations
Due to COVID-19, this property’s food and beverage options may be limited.“How many times,” he asks, “Have we had a conversation about you not paying attention, or not focusing, or not being fully present?”
Kneeling between his legs, with my ass still stinging from his belt, asshole plugged and a bit uncomfortable, for a second i think he’s going to chastise me some more for not listening. i feel a twinge of shame. Perhaps that shadow crosses my face because he touches my cheek, “No,” he says, “it’s ok, just listen.”
“I know you’ve been trying really hard to live out your list of values. What are they?” and when i hesitate, he nods, “I want to hear you say them. The list, please.”
“Yes, Sir,” and my voice is soft as i start off, “Aware and responsive,” but i’m gaining power as i say the words. “Receptive and open.” This is who i want to be, and i finish firmly. “To be attentive and to serve.”
“Yes,” he says, pleased. “Good girl,” and the praise makes me feel warm and glowing. “And you want this not just with me, but also in the work you do as a teacher, right?” I nod, and he continues, “But it’s hard to achieve those things. Hard for you, but hard for anyone, yes?”
i nod, slowly, uncertain where he’s going with this.
“Well, a friend of mine was telling me about this place. It’s like a retreat center. I don’t know exactly where it is, but apparently, it’s about an hour outside of Calloway.” Calloway is about 3 hours away from where we live, so i’m surprised that he’s even considering this.
He begins to play with my nipples, lightly, almost as if he’s not aware that he’s doing it. As if there were a direct line from my nipples to cunt, the heat between my thighs intensifies. i squirm a little, wishing i saw an orgasm somewhere in my immediate future.
He moves his hands away from me, i sigh. Just a tiny sigh.
“Next weekend,” he says, “I’ve made reservations for us at the Retreat Center. With the three day weekend, and taking Friday off too, we’ll have plenty of time. We’ll drive up to Calloway after work Thursday, spend the night there, have a leisurely breakfast and maybe visit that park we like, then we catch a shuttle from there the rest of the way.”
There are so many parts to this, my mind doesn’t know where to settle. He made reservations? That’s not even like him, for starters. Usually he would have me make reservations and plans for whatever we were going to do. And i love Calloway, love the restaurant we go to for breakfast, and the park he’s mentioned. So i’m excited about that. But this retreat center – and catching a shuttle – and what kind of place is it anyway? Who’s the friend that told him about it? What will we do there? And how will this help me be more of “the list?”
Before i can start asking the hundred questions flashing through my mind, he puts a finger over my lips. “Three,” he says. “You may ask me three questions. Take your time picking them, I’m only going to answer three.”
That sends me into a mini-panic – how can i pick just three? Which three? What if i ask the wrong questions and don’t find out what i want to know? How do i even know what i need to know?
He sees the touch of panic, and leans forward, reaches around my head to grasp my hair firmly at the nape of my neck. He pulls my head back for a moment, just long enough for me to feel his control, then relaxes his grip. “Easy,” he says. “There’s time to think.”
But my mind is racing, until i see he’s unzipped his pants, is holding his cock in one hand, stroking it as it gets harder. And harder.
i am completely distracted now.
“Put your hands behind your back,” he says, “and keep them there.”
Obediently, i clasp my hands behind my back. With the hand that is not on his cock, he grasps my left nipple and tugs gently, making me whimper. He switches to the right one. Then back to the left. But this time, instead of tugging gently, he suddenly pinches, pulls and twists all in one rush of intense pain that makes me cry out and whimper and sends a flash of heat to my cunt all much much faster than i can say it. He laughs. Releases that nipple.
i have managed to keep my hands behind my back, but i can’t look at him. i know he’s going to do the other nipple. i know he is.
“Would you like to suck my cock?” he says.
“Yes, Sir, Please, may i?” i would love to do that. i can taste him in my mind, feel his velvety skin, the way he fills my mouth, the slippery slide of his cock in and out, striking the back of my throat…. “Please, Sir,” i say again.
“Do you want me to hurt your other nipple first?” he says.
The question is a trick one, i know it is. i don’t know what the right answer is. First or afterwards? I’m pretty sure the choice is not first or never.
But i remember the magic words, “Whatever pleases you, Sir,” i say.
He grins, “Good girl,” and he does it, quickly, viciously, making me cry out, he brings tears to my eyes, but i don’t pull away and i keep my hands behind my back and i know he is pleased, because he lets me take his cock in my mouth. Just the tip at first, letting me suck the head, using my tongue to make it wetter, humming a little as i do it, because i know he likes the vibration. He lets me work it farther into my mouth, filling my mouth, he allows me to focus all my love and desire and longing to please on his cock.
i can still feel the butt plug, my ass is still tingling, and somewhere my mind is still a bit worried about this retreat thing he’s talking about, but mostly, my attention is right where it belongs, on him.
6 thoughts on “Disrespect II”
How exciting, and yes I know you have lots of questions..what to pack, what will happen, who else will be there…etc. But I so love the way He has planned all of this …just for the 2 of you. And only allowing you 3 questions..how diabolical!!!!:)
hugs abby
LikeLiked by 1 person
Thanks, Abby! i’m sure she’ll love it too, eventually! lol… i’m so glad you’re enjoying it.
How very kind to allow three questions. I bet the moment I was alone I’d spend all night making sure that I didn’t waste a question but then, in the end, I’d say that I trust I will be told what I need to know. She’s already headed to that sweet spot inside, waiting to bloom into surrendering. Lovely as always. 💙
I know, right? He’s a sweetheart of a Dom. And you are a much more virtuous slave than my girl here is. 🙂 But she is ready to submit. Thanks for the kind words.
LikeLiked by 1 person
You know that made me laugh, right?
LikeLiked by 1 person
Yep. (But it’s true)Image tags are often used for application versions, and a semantic versioning approach is very common.
You might have multiple tags for the same image:
1- major version
1.0- major + minor version
1.0.100- major + minor version + build number
That lets users choose to pin to a specific version -
1.0.100 will never change.
Minor versions get updated with each build -
1.0 is
1.0.100 now but could be an alias for
1.0.126 next month.
Major versions get updated with each build and each minor version update -
1 is
1.0.100 now, but it could be
1.2.407 next year.
The RNG app uses a similar approach.
Need more? Here's the solution.$30.00
Diesel Deck Fill 1 1/2”
- Inventory ID: 18702
- Condition rating scale: Used; 3 / 5 - Good – small cosmetic flaws
- Quantity: 1
- Zip/Postal Code: 93001
- Listed: July 17, 2020 1:12 pm
- Expires: This ad has expired
Description
Diesel Deck Fill 1 1/2”
$30.00
Make 50% Deposit
SKU: 18702
366 total views, 1 today
You must be logged in to inquire about this ad.
Other items listed by mikescms
- Here’s off Cleat 6”
- Bilge Pump / Whale 30
- Hydraulic Hose 20’
- Bronze Porthole 7”
- VHF Antenna w/Mount 420...Screen printed front & both sleeves on 100% cotton long sleeve (Black)
Please Note, this item is PRE-ORDER ITEM! All items are expected to ship by Late-November. *Any orders containing a “Pre-Order” item will ship together when the pre-order ships. Please make a separate order if you wish to receive non pre-order items before the pre-order ship date.*. Please allow 2-3 weeks for delivery.Hunting The Unabomber (Apr)
by Anchor
SKU: 271593
Save 10%
$19.99
$17.99
The spellbinding account of the most complex and captivating manhunt in American historyNever-before-told stories of inter-agency law enforcement conflicts that changed the course of the investigationAn in-depth, behind-the-scenes look at why the hunt for the Unabomber was almost shut down by the FBINew York Times bestselling.Myself and a few others just noticed that HopelessN00b and Chris S are no longer listed as moderators. What is the story behind this?
- 13Someone hold me. I'm scared.– WesleyApr 9 '15 at 21:05
- 17One of them decided to step down, and asked for his moderator status to be removed. The other decided something else and didn't ask anyone anything. I'll leave it to them to go into more detail if they wish to do so.– Shog9Apr 9 '15 at 21:10
- 9@Shog9 Understood if someone wants to stop down. That's fine. In the other case, though, what gives? They were elected by the users, and if that person did something so egregious as to warrant forcible removal of their mod status, I would love to know what that thing was.– EEAAApr 9 '15 at 21:14
- 8I, for one, greatly appreciate the work all the mods do. It's something I'd like to do, but don't have the time for. Seeing one lose mod status without explanation is quite upsetting.– EEAAApr 9 '15 at 21:16
- 12I'm waiting for a response from the person responsible. Hopefully, we can work this out without a ton of drama. For now, just know that removal of mod privileges is the moderator equivalent of suspension - an expedient way of halting a problematic situation until it can be resolved.– Shog9Apr 9 '15 at 21:17
- 32Oh sure...ask a question about moderators and get immediate comments from SE staff...ask for a feature-request and get crickets -- I'm taking my shovel and pail home.– TheCleanerApr 9 '15 at 21:21
- 4Not that it's relevant @TheCleaner, but this is trivial to implement if y'all wanna decide on what the pop-ups should contain. Michael requested suggestions ages ago but near as I can tell no one took him up on the offer.– Shog9Apr 9 '15 at 21:24
- 21@shog9 go ahead and say whatever you wish to about it and/or me. I'm honestly a bit curious myself, given that the on topic page explicitly calls out administration panels as off topic.– HopelessN00bApr 9 '15 at 21:28
- 8If you want to do this publicly, that's your call @Hopeless. Regardless of where we hold this discussion, I still expect an answer.– Shog9Apr 9 '15 at 21:33
- 3@Shog9 Please. You now have permission. Can you enlighten us as to what this is about?– EEAAApr 9 '15 at 21:38
- 21@Shog9 Yup, go for it. As to your answer, that will be along a little later, once I figure out what I wish to do in response to this blindsiding... And I cool off some. Also, what, specifically, you'd like explained would probably be useful to me - I don't see how closing explicitly off-topic questions requires an explanation, so your request for an explanation confuses me a little.– HopelessN00bApr 9 '15 at 21:53
- 13It looks like ad revenue is dropping and Stack Exchange is desperately trying to get new users even at the expense of site's quality. First we had this "summer of love" bullshit that opened the gates for a deluge of crap questions over on Stack Overflow, then we got this nonsense, disguised as a feature-request even though they imposed it which made flags even less effective against the low quality crap on SO, and now they're going after ServerFault... oh god.– user186340Apr 12 '15 at 14:46
- 20@EEAA I'm just a side note to all the action. I changed jobs in January and have much less time to participate. Compounding that, I strongly disagree with the direction the site has been taking, more so since the last election. I was pretty vocal about this toward the end of last year. Though I didn't always agree with the proposed solutions, I completely agreed with the people saying SF had a "walled garden" mindset problem. I don't have the energy fight it when the community overwhelmingly elected a mod running on that platform. I can't keep supporting a community I disagree with so much.– Chris SApr 14 '15 at 13:57
- 3@ChrisS congrats on the job! way to sneak in here ;) Hope to hear from you in chat.– MDMoore313Apr 14 '15 at 15:34
- 5congrats on the new job and thanks for your hard work @ChrisS– Rob MoirApr 15 '15 at 7:42
Since HopelessN00b wants to have this discussion in public, I will oblige.
I was on the site today because we got a few different emails this past week about it. One was Chris S, stepping down as a moderator - I'll let him talk about that if he wishes to; moderators are volunteers, and are of course free to step down at any time. The rest were complaints about actions taken by HopelessN00b. This is also not particularly unusual; we get complaints daily about moderators on all sites. Usually I spend a few minutes checking out the situation, a few minutes more explaining it, and everyone goes on with their lives.
Instead, I found this:
(actually I was looking at a different page that displays the last 500 comments, but the gist is the same: a wall of identical comment, posted in groups, each a few seconds to a few minutes apart)
This is a bit worrying, but not entirely unusual - moderators or regular users engaged in a big cleanup campaign often have histories of repetitive actions. So I dug a bit deeper - starting with the links in the comments themselves, then in recent meta activity. Nowhere did I find any hint of a massive question cleanup campaign. Now I'm getting a bit worried, especially since these closures (and comments) are still appearing while I'm researching. I checked chat - both the public rooms associated with Server Fault, and the private moderator room. Nowhere was there any discussion of this, save for a lone message from Hopeless in a nearly-abandoned chatroom noting that he had been "closing webpanel questions by the hundreds".
At this point, I'd already spent an unexpected amount of time on this, and from the look of things I'd be spending a lot more. And closed questions were still piling up; as a final sanity-check, I reviewed a sampling of them - some were obviously questions about administration panels, but this wasn't consistent; the majority of those I checked made no mention of such tools.
Handling a rogue moderator
When a normal member of the site starts making massive, controversial changes without prior discussion, the standard procedure is to immediately suspend the account in order to stop the bleeding, then discuss the matter. But suspending a moderator doesn't accomplish much. So the remaining option is to remove moderator status, and then attempt to discuss whatever is going on - if the situation can be resolved quickly, this need not be a permanent change in status; if the situation goes south, suspension is then an option.
So I removed Hopeless's moderator status and sent him a message requesting that he explain the situation (the other Server Fault moderators were also copied on this message).
I've yet to receive a response.
Thus far, I've identified 572 questions closed with some variation on that comment over the past 2 months. The average score was 0.1, the maximum score was 19. The comment was replied to 29 times; Hopeless responded to 1 of them. These questions will need to be reviewed; Michael has started a separate discussion that will help determine the criteria which should be applied to them.
Update 4/10/2015
After being asked to post this publicly, I finally got a response privately last night. It did not attempt to answer the one question I asked.
I'll be going through server logs this weekend to attempt to determine what was actually being done here.
So in summary, if you are a community moderator on a Stack Exchange site, here’s what to expect:
- As a moderator, your actions now represent the community, so you will be held to a higher standard of behavior. You are an ambassador of trust, with the same sorts of rights that the official development team and community coordinators have.
That trust has been betrayed. I am extremely disappointed in how this situation has played out. I will be working directly with the remaining moderators to ensure that this community's standards are being upheld and communicated effectively, and that any damage is repaired.
Update / conclusion: 4/13/2015
I've finished my analysis of Hopeless's activity as a moderator on Server Fault. This is a bit long; there was a lot of activity - more on that in a bit. For those of you who aren't interested in the details, the summary is that I was relieved to find that Hopeless has acted as an enthusiastic but largely competent moderator, serving the community here faithfully except when it came to responding to questions/concerns regarding his actions and in communicating his efforts in cleaning up old posts. Related to this, I've identified two areas where our tooling is deeply lacking and likely exacerbated the problem.
Following his election in December, Hopeless was off to a good start: he handled a respectable portion of the flags raised here, participated in review, and participated actively on meta. The only oddity I found in his actions at the start was a group of 581 questions that he locked for Historical Significance in his first week; this is notable for two reasons:
- only 241 of them were closed prior to being locked, and
- that's more questions than had previously been locked in the entire history of the site. (for reference, historical locks are a bit special - it was added for "too big to fail" posts that were no longer allowed but too good to lose, and posts where it is applied disappear from the homepage and from normal question lists... So it's a bit hard to notice when it's being used - more on that later.)
A good chunk of these were subjective polls and GTKY stuff from the very early days of the site - stuff like What's your favorite Linux distribution? or What is the best VPN technology to implement in a SOHO setting?; it's hard to get upset about locking them, unless you're inclined to complain that they weren't just straight-up deleted. Still, this was a sign of things to come in that I can find no discussion of it anywhere.
Then in early January, things started to get interesting: Hopeless started cleaning up tags. Starting with a set of web admin tags he'd identified back in September, and then moving on to a much larger group of tags. The week of January 19th he edited tags on 875 questions, closed 399, deleted 221, and locked 817; he then slowed down for a few weeks before breaking his own record during the week of February 16th with 988 tag edits, 262 closures, 546 deletions and 723 locks... and 1,513 tag merges.
The locks and merges need a bit of explanation. In the big tag burning thread, he mentions using locking as a tool to prevent bumping too many questions to the homepage:
questions that are locked for historical significance can be ?-edited (therefore, retagged) without bumping them to the top of the active list... so I'll be temporarily locking questions I retag to minimize disruptions.
Not all of the locks were temporary; of the 2342 questions locked in January and February, 869 remain locked.
The merges are harder to explain. Indeed, someone asked about them on February 26th, but didn't recieve any clarification. We discussed this in chat at one point, after I'd noticed the merges and complained; apparently, the idea was to get rid of the tags first by merging everything into [off-topic] and then go back through that tag and perform any necessary cleanup. It helps a bit to read this answer, in which Hopeless responds to a user complaining about a tag he was using being suddenly gone; if you think of tagging more in terms of a physical filing system rather than a folksonomy, the concern over having too many of them is understandable.
January also marks the start of using a canned comment when closing questions, with the week of the 12th seeing a whopping 312 questions closed with:
This question appears to be off-topic because it is about
working with a service provider's management interface, such as cPanel.
By late February, Hopeless had refined this message to its current form, and was using an app to integrate it into the moderation UI. Note that the question I just linked to is the only discussion of this I've been able to find, and concerns a newly-asked question. This becomes easier to understand upon realizing that a substantial portion of these questions were also being locked, at least temporarily - thus they would've immediately disappeared from all normal question lists, and their authors - although still notified of the comment - would be unable to respond to it.
After the initial tag cleanups, Hopeless was relying less and less on tags to filter questions and more on keyword searches for the names of various web administration tools. He was still using [off-topic] as a filter for retagging, but by the week of March 30th retagging had taken a clear backseat to closing: 74 retags, 227 closures (95 of them coupled with the "webadmin" comment), 67 deletions and 74 locks. Last week saw 110 closures (79 webadmin), 82 deletions, 33 locks and 35 tag edits.
To recap: this cleanup started with this meta post, where the only mention of closing is in answers noting that normal rules should be applied. It continued through a tumultuous tag burnination and transitioned into an effort to eradicate all mention of web admin tools from questions on the site. There was no discussion of this beyond the original tag cleanup; locking - though likely well-intentioned - obscured the scope of the effort for months. Very few others were involved in any way; a handful of people did participate in retagging, but the majority of the work - indeed, the majority of editing and moderation period - over the past three months have been the work of one solitary individual. A new off-topic reason was added via comments, without review by either the community or the rest of the mod team, and was single-handedly made into the single most-used close reason on the site, in the process avoiding both the guidance given to moderators for using off-topic reasons, and the restrictions built into the system itself for creating them:
The moderator who created a reason cannot approve it himself; we want at least two people to be reviewing these before making them available. Approving a reason also activates it, and as noted above, only 3 reasons can be active at any one time on most sites - to approve more than this, an existing reason will have to be deactivated first.
I believe Hopeless had good intentions here. But by playing the maverick, he left himself and the rest of us open to criticism and without a clear defense. If he had taken just a little bit of time to talk openly about what he was doing, if he had been more receptive to criticism, this all could have been avoided.
The past couple of weeks appeared to be where things started taking a serious turn for the worst, so I went through and reopened 20-some questions closed during that period where any mention of web admin systems was clearly incidental. Some of the moderators have been doing their own reviews and reopenings as well. Going forward, we'll need to do a more structured review - at minimum, there are several hundred questions where historical locks currently prevent any attempt at community moderation; those should probably be removed before anything else. I'm open to suggestions on how to conduct a productive review of them.
In closing, I'll add that doing this analysis has been an eye-opener for me:
- The guidance we give to new moderators regarding the necessity of communication is lacking. There's an introductory email that touches on it, and of course a whole lot of history on Meta Stack Exchange... But not everyone reads the manual. This stuff needs to be baked into the UI itself, particularly when...
- Extreme outlier events should trigger something. I'm still thinking about what exactly this should involve, but for sure quadrupling the number of locked questions on a site should cause something to happen. At minimum, it shouldn't go unnoticed by...
- High-reputation users need better information. The current 10K tools were adequate back in '09, but a lot has changed since then. At minimum, these folks should be able to review the number of posts being deleted (and for what reason) over time, the number of questions being closed over time broken down by reason (including custom comments!) and the number of locked questions independant of things like migration.
- And it's probably time to revisit the notion of bespoke review tasks for those situations where you really need to get a lot of folks involved in something like a tag cleanup effort. Or... reviewing 1500 locked questions.
- 11Actually, if you search the body of those questions, you will find an admin panel in every one of them. Though often not explicitly stated in the question, a path which betrays the existence of the administration panel can be found in the posted configs or console messages. Apr 9 '15 at 22:43
- 16
- 26
- 25While I'm not opposed to Bulk Closing & other cleanups, that's usually something that gets brought up on Meta (to provide a lasting record of the rationale, discussion, and consensus). While we've traditionally coordinated the cleanup efforts through chat they are documented on Meta. Apr 10 '15 at 3:16
- 7Is this what you missed meta.serverfault.com/questions/6538/… ? Apr 10 '15 at 12:03
- 9Actually, dialog was had on this Months ago Apr 10 '15 at 12:17
- 11@shog9 While I would not be opposed to grepping for the names of administration panels and closing every result programmatically, I actually read every question I closed, and selected what I believe to be the most specific, unambiguous reason, which was usually that custom one. This does not mean, or imply it's the only reason, as for example, with this question. I closed it yesterday with the administration panel reason (cPanel), but it is also off topic for at least 3 other reasons, and has already collected 2 close votes as of the time of this comment. Apr 10 '15 at 12:57
- 29Web panels are off-topic, period. This has been discussed every few months for as long as I can remember. The community consensus has always been to remove them with extreme prejudice. This seems like it's less of an effort to reign in a "rogue moderator" and more like an effort to influence the community's standards for professionalism. Apr 10 '15 at 13:38
- 8@Hyppy - I would actually concur with that last sentence. I know N00b can be course and swift in his dealing with questions/users. I've never seen him do it as a moderator based strictly on his own opinions though, but based on the guidelines (whether written or tribal knowledge) of the SF community. He's VERY active since being moderator, which I saw as a good thing, but maybe moderators aren't supposed to be seen by the general public overall. Regardless I guess it's Shog's/SE's call to do what they feel is best for the community/site/SE. Apr 10 '15 at 15:27
- 6@ShaneMadden You mean a meta post like meta.serverfault.com/questions/6538/… ? Apr 10 '15 at 17:31
- 7@JennyD That tag cleanup was a different effort which was completed months ago - and the highest voted answer on that question, Michael's, implies that if we were to do a cleanup campaign we'd have some legwork to do to determine which questions were worth sending to webmasters. I'm not saying a cleanup wasn't warranted or due, I'm saying that the right way to do it is to discuss in meta first. Apr 10 '15 at 17:36
- 27I don't agree with at least a part of the closures, they where overzealous and indeed, the whole "project" could have been much better communicated. Anyway, frankly I think the way you handled this is just terrible. Maybe it's a language thing, but from my understanding of the english language, a command(!) like "Explain this." paired with repeated complaints to not have received an answer after a short time is completely inappropriate. You are not our boss, we are doing this mod thing for free, in out spare time. In the other question, you even named HopelessN00b a liar. That's insane. Apr 10 '15 at 20:33
- 18You're volunteers and you're doing this of your own free will, @Sven. We've built extremely powerful tools for y'all to use in service to the community here... Tools that can do a great deal of damage if abused. You're free to not use them, but if you do then you should expect - heck, you should demand - some amount of oversight. This is the second time in two months I've had to clean up after reckless, uninformed use of these tools with no attempt made to communicate with the public or even with the rest of the mod team. I was very polite the first time, but this isn't a PR problem anymore. Apr 10 '15 at 21:01
- 8This is the most complete list of closed questions I have right now, @BigHomie; it goes back to late December. Most of the early ones seem pretty cut-and-dried off-topic - I suspect those were part of the tag cleanups prior to the tag-merges. Later questions have a lot more Kloxo and CentOS stuff, mixed with... not sure yet. Some of the mods have been going through this a bit more carefully. Apr 11 '15 at 1:45
- 7So N00b has been closing lots of crappy, off-topic questions? And 500 over 2 months is a sudden avalanche that implies he's been somehow too trigger happy? I'm not seeing it. Apr 13 '15 at 11:00
So since this is a discussion question I'd like to discuss something tangentially related to the change in mods, which is a philosophy on mass-closures.
For my part I've got no problem with closing crap questions. I've even been a participant in some of our community-led mass purges, because some questions are in fact just crap and have no place on this site or any other.
I DO however have a problem with questions being zotted with modlike powers (which is why my close activity dropped off pretty precipitously when I became a mod).
Even assuming many of the questions were crap (which is probably the case) 500+ questions getting zotted almost certainly implies some degree of collateral damage - as to how much sadly I've not got the time to really dive in and see, but a cursory glance at a few questions from the list didn't immediately scream "this is crap". (That's not to say the questions weren't crap, but it wasn't so blatantly obvious that I would modhammer them myself without spending some time reading the questions and answers).
Collateral damage (or for that matter legitimate closures of crap) nearly always result in some ill feeling from the person whose question was closed(as the whine-fest here on meta will attest to), however the best and most defensible action is for those closures to come from the community: Multiple high reputation users demonstrating a consensus what a question is not suitable for the site.
As moderators we are elected to represent the community, but we are not the community in toto. Our ability to unilaterally close or delete questions is meant to be used to handle exceptional cases: Grossly off-topic questions ("plx fix"), spam, abusive language, and the like. A quick sampling of the top 3 questions from Shog's image moderator is using special powers to do something
As Moderators our votes to close or delete content are immediately binding - that's not a power that should be treated lightly.
I'm of the opinion that question purges of this nature should be community led: Assemble a list of "bad" questions (like we did for bad tags), post them publicly, and let the community apply normal-user close votes to them so there's a visible consensus that they're crap and don't belong (ideally from more than the same 3/4/5 people on every question).
TL;DR
If The Community really thinks these questions should be closed then The Community needs to get off its collective ass and slap some freakin' close votes on them so they go through the review queue process and the closures are truly coming From The Community (with as many being closed by normal users as possible) and not From The Moderators (as unilateral actions).
A healthy Stack Exchange site is moderated by its community.
If Server Fault has really reached the point where it needs full-time moderators to "clean up" the site that tells me the community is dying (no longer interested in stewardship and growth), and perhaps it's already too late to save the site at all...
- 15In principle I would tend to agree, but the spanner in the works here is the community doesn't have enough close votes for this. Apr 11 '15 at 3:16
- 11
- 3I agree with Mike, we only get x amount of close votes for the day, and it takes 5 from us to knock a question out. In comparison, even if we assume .1% of collateral damage from this (hypothetical figure) that's 5 legitimate questions, and over 500 questions that needed closing which would require 2500 community votes (assuming no mods voted), and if we assume a voting core of 100 users, then it could be done over 5 days assuming something similar to full time work. that's unrealistic, in comparison, it took n00b 2 months to accomplish by himself, so it's likely it would have taken us longer. Apr 11 '15 at 11:50
- 7This statement caught my attention:
I DO however have a problem with questions being zotted with modlike powers (which is why my close activity dropped off pretty precipitously when I became a mod).This got me wondering whether it has to be that way. Is it possible for a moderator to not use their moderator power to overrule everybody else with their single vote? I would say it ought to be possible for a moderator to decide to vote but in a way where it still requires five votes to complete the vote. Apr 11 '15 at 14:26
- 2
- 2It's 24 votes per day, @kasperd. Maybe you're thinking of 20 reviews? This is structured such that you can participate in review (using between 0 and 20 votes there) and still moderate other questions. Note that all of this is malleable if there's good reason (such as 1000 old questions that need to be closed in response to the result of some community decision). Apr 11 '15 at 15:37
- 12
- 1Moderator actions may be swift and powerful, but they are nearly all undoable. The community has decided to close a class of questions en masse. Do we really want to waste five high-rep users' time reading each of those questions to confirm each case? What's the reward for wasting time like that? Apr 27 '15 at 20:28
- 1@200_success The reward is a lower level of false positives, and an actual community-driven process. There's no a meta post we can point to where the "crap" was reviewed by the community and a consensus reached, nor an obvious consensus of
Nhigh-rep users in this case - there is just an action taken unilaterally (or at least without what I would call adequate documentation). The federal government engages in "Notice-and-Comment" rulemaking for precisely this reason. Apr 27 '15 at 20:37
- 1@200_success I'm also in no way suggesting that EVERY moderator action needs to go through notice-and-comment, but there's a line somewhere between "I unilaterally closed your question because it was low quality, go read the help center and fix it" and "I unilaterally closed 100+ questions because they're really not on-topic" where I think at least a Meta post is warranted so there's somewhere to point people if they don't like the action being taken. Apr 27 '15 at 20:43
- 2@voretaq7 Web panels are indisputably off-topic, and there is firm community consensus. The Notice-and-Comment period was long over, and action was overdue. Apr 27 '15 at 20:44
- @200_success I dispute that all web hosting panels are off-topic. I also note that the actions suggested by the accepted answer on the post you linked to have not been taken (canonical answer as to WHY they're off-topic, which these should have been closed as duplicates of, was never created or selected). I don't object to the policy, but I do object to the method by which it was enforced. Apr 27 '15 at 20:47
- @200_success For a reference on How It Should Be Done (IMHO) see the various meta posts about the somewhat successful but sadly now defunct Bad Tag Audit. Much of that work was done by moderators (including many closures), but the process of selection was community-driven & extensively (maybe overly) discussed. Apr 27 '15 at 20:50
I guess this'll teach me to ignore meta for a few days. ;)
This bothers me primarily because HopelessN00b is loud and brash and confrontational, and ran on a platform of, to put it n00b-ily, "slamming crap closed." He was duly elected, despite many SE employees (including you, Shog9) saying you thought it was a terrible idea because he's loud and brash and confrontational.
I think it's perfectly reasonable for HopelessN00b to conclude that the people who elected him wanted him to "slam crap closed."
Should he "slam crap closed" unilaterally without informing anyone that he's going to close 500 questions? Probably not. Is it reasonable for him to think that he was elected to do precisely that? Maybe. Maybe not. It's academic at this point.
I think it would smell better, however, if one of the SE employees who hadn't publicly campaigned against a moderator during the election cycle was the one to temporarily strip him of his mod privileges.
- 21There are only three people on the community team that have the level of access needed to remove a moderator's status - that's how seriously we take it. Ideally, Shog could have had more time to 'freeze the action' and let someone else step in, but I truly appreciate the level of urgency he felt once he realized what was going on. I would have taken the exact same steps that he did, the technical execution of the procedure he applied had no bias, but I understand how the perception of it is what matters the most. Good points. Apr 12 '15 at 6:11
- 16
- 12@Tim Regardless of what we end up with in the post mortem, I think there's no excuse for throwing out accusations of a mod under investigation being a "straight up liar" without backing up the statement or answering requests for clarification. The technical execution may have been sound, but accusations of malicious intent with an implied reckoning were treated as an imminent fact with no need for explanation. This does not beget trust or respect for our overlords. Apr 12 '15 at 13:33
- 7
- 9Thank you, @TimPost. I'm going to suggest that perhaps SE employees might want to avoid campaigning against moderators during an election cycle in the future to avoid the appearance of confirmation bias. Several SE employees (Shog9 was just the most vocal) expressed reservations against HopelessN00b becoming a moderator on the grounds that (to use N00b's phrasing) he's "temperamentally unsuited." Unfortunately, that pre-judgment means that later actions... have poor optics, yes. Apr 12 '15 at 15:42
- 1@KatherineVillyard While I disagree that they shouldn't campaign against someone during the election cycle (the opinions of those responsible for the overall network should rightfully carry some weight) I think the comments after the election are what matters most. And there was quite a bit of those as well. Apr 12 '15 at 17:03
- 15Putting aside whether or not HopelessN00b's actions were correct for the moment, I think its perfectly clear that he believed them to be and with good reason, and was therefore acting in good faith. I would suggest that at least some of the SE 'side' of this debate cannot claim the same benefit of the doubt. Maybe I'm being unfair but it seems to me that Shog was very quick to believe the worst instead of assuming good faith on the part of a moderator, which is a sorry state of affairs. I don't think it's n00b's temperament that has shown itself to be unsuited to the situation here. Apr 12 '15 at 17:14
- @Reaces I agree about the comments immediately after the election, yes. My concern about comments during the election cycle is precisely the weight they carry and the appearance of bias later. On the other hand, elected mods did endorse one of the other candidates, so perhaps I'm being unfair. But there's a difference between positive and negative campaigning and between elected mods and employees, to my mind. Clearly, not everyone agrees with me on that. Apr 12 '15 at 17:34
- 1@KatherineVillyard I don't think it's entirely fair to point the finger solely at the SE staff. The election was one of the first Meta conversations I followed and the snark flowed both ways. From my outsider opinion at the time it seemed like everyone had a history against each other. And I personally ended up not voting for HopelessN00b at the time exactly because of the way those conversations played out. (And let me end that by saying that my opinion since has drastically changed and I quite approve of the way Hopless moderated) Apr 12 '15 at 18:16
- 2I think what I'm getting at is that if someone is going to possibly end up in the position of taking someone else's mod diamond, they might not want to be on public record as having a negative opinion of that someone. Just for their own comfort and public perception. That said, yes, snark did flow both ways, yes. Apr 12 '15 at 18:32
- 5The problem @james is that it's far from clear that anything 'happened' - it should have been fairly clear that hopeless was at worst simply being over zealous. And while you might consider suspending someone you had questions about, you don't start an investigation by making assumptions of bad faith, then leaping to accuse them of being a liar. From where I'm sitting, shot expected the worst of hopeless since the election, and kept digging until they found or manufactured it. 'Optics' as someone said already. Apr 13 '15 at 5:19
- 5Well, the interesting this is this dialog between Shog and n00b a couple of months ago, where n00b informed Shog what was going on w/ the off-topic and Shog approved of the tag cleanup, he just didn't like the tag itself. And n00b obliged, but said it had to be cleaned before the tag could be deleted, for technical reasons it ballooned to 10.6k, and n00b closed 800 questions that week, nobody batted an eye, I'm curious why the blow up now. Apr 13 '15 at 12:18
- 6@RobM: I can tell you that Shog was far too busy with other things to dig for reasons to demod, well, anyone. This situation pretty much killed his productivity last week and will likely prevent him from doing things he'd rather spend time on this week. In this job, we don't go looking for trouble; it comes looking for us. Apr 13 '15 at 22:45
- 9Fair enough @JonEricson I'll assume the good will in Shogs actions that he didn't accord to one of SE's mods. But that's the thing - mods are supposed to be the most trusted members of the community (iirc that's pretty much the exact phrase SE uses?) - this error in judgement speaks volumes, then, as to how SE views this community. It reflects poorly on SE's processes and the judgement of its staff. It's a poor advert for any of 'us' who may have wished to be mods. I'd love to hear your suggestions as to how this chasm can be bridged. Apr 14 '15 at 5:21
- 1@JonEricson For what it's worth, this is why people are saying it looks biased. This speaks to how some people think SE views SF. Apr 14 '15 at 14:39
From the comments here and the answers and comments on Michael Hampton's post about Admin panel questions, it seems pretty clear to me that:
- we have broad agreement that those sorts of questions are usually off-topic
- the vast majority of the questions Noob closed (possibly all, but I don't think multiple people are going to go through the whole list and check them all) were, in fact, off-topic.
So at this point, it seems like all that's needed is for Noob (and possibly other mods) to agree that before undertaking any big clean-up effort they'll make a meta post about it to let everyone know what's going on and give people a chance to comment.
Soon, hopefully?
Adding to the Drama
I know I probably shouldn't add to the drama of this situation, but I can't help it - I do have an opinion and I suspect it's shared by many:
There really seems to be an intent on the part of SE staff to "get" Noob:
- Shog's initial answer comes across to me as very emotionally loaded, e.g. statements like:
Now I'm getting a bit worried, especially since these closures (and comments) are still appearing while I'm researching.
If he's in the middle of what he thinks of as a simple cleanup, it's not surprising that they're still appearing.
At this point, I'd already spent an unexpected amount of time on this, and from the look of things I'd be spending a lot more. And closed questions were still piling up;
Again, this isn't surprising, if there are lots of closed questions and someone decides they need to check them all, they can expect it to take time.
- The comments about timing of responses:
I'm not going to take the time to put together a timeline of when Noob first mentioned he'd been de-modded, posts here, responses, etc. But I don't think it's unreasonable for Noob to spend some time thinking before posting.
What I do think is totally unreasonable is this comment
It did not attempt to answer the one question I asked.
"Explain yourself" is not a question, but the response you got is definitely an explanation of what Noob was doing. It's a clear enough explanation for the rest of us to understand, it's hard (impossible) for me to understand how it can be interpreted as not attempting to answer the "question."
- This comment on Noob's answer to the other Admin panel question:
You avoided answering my question yesterday and you are straight-up lying here. I'm done trying to protect you.
Now this is overwrought drama: another comment about "avoiding answering" (does Noob get paid for being a mod? is there an SLA for mods to respond to SE staff?) and now Noob's opinion on Admin panel questions and what to do about them is labelled "lying"? I've re-read Noob's answer 4 times now, and it's all his opinions, so to label that lying really looks to me like flying off the handle.
- 14"I don't think it's unreasonable for Noob to spend some time thinking before posting." -- Accurate, particularly given his stated intent to cool off before replying. A great deal of his criticism going into this position was entering into verbal conflicts "too hot", and that has the appearance of both self-awareness and self-control. Apr 10 '15 at 20:11
- 14Great edit/addition. @Shog9 honestly I feel like you are intentionally trying to either misread or misconstrue what Hopelessn00b is saying. You asked him to explain himself. He did. He also has explained several times his reasoning for the close reason he was using. Why continue the negativity? We all have a clear picture of what happened, and how things should be handled from here on out. Let's move on. Apr 10 '15 at 20:15
- 4You might be right about the question being unclear. I'm honestly still scrambling to figure out what was being done here, so I don't yet know what questions I should be asking. One way or another though, I'm going to find out by what criteria these questions were being identified, and by what mechanism they were being closed. The answers to those questions may well raise other questions. I really would've appreciated a frank, factual explanation from Hopeless himself a day ago, but it's increasingly clear that I'm not going to get that. Apr 10 '15 at 20:18
- 5@Shog9 I'm somewhat flabbergasted, which answer did not get a frank factual explanation? I thought everything was being discussed openly and quite frankly but things don't seem to be cooling down at all. And currently you're being very vocal and seem very defensive / emotional. It might just be how I'm reading it and not entirely true, but you seem like you need some time to collect your thoughts. Apr 10 '15 at 21:01
- 6@Shog9 That's kinda what we're getting at. Even before he became a mod, Hopeless had his hand slapped on several occasions for being too confrontational. Consider a scenario where Hopeless truly believed he was doing his job, and then had his mod status stripped with a perception of little to no warning. The probability of him needing to step away in order to form a coherent response ranges from "high" to "a certainty". I'm also somewhat inclined to agree with Reaces. There's something that you're trying to communicate to us regarding alleged avoidance of topic that just isn't connecting. Apr 10 '15 at 21:02
- 10
- 11@Shog9 After this is done, and if there is anything found, I hope we'll get a bit more insight as to what was done and how. Because reading the threads no mention was made of automated closing besides just now by Sven. This whole thing is twisting into several shapes and it's odd/hard to follow your reasoning. First it was about doing something without community consent, then about a lack of disclosure, then about using canned responses and not responding to user questions, and now there's talk of automation and abusing tools. A single, coherent, plot would help with understanding all of it. Apr 10 '15 at 21:59
- 7@Reaces Bingo. It seems like every time a complaint is checkmated, a new one comes up. "It was without community discussion and consent!" Yes, there was community discussion and consent. "There needed to be disclosure!" ...for adhering to the FAQ and discussing it in meta? "Canned responses and user complaints!" They're accurate and well documented responses that represent the FAQ and stated mission of ServerFault; user complaints are pointless if their original question is off topic. I'm suspecting that the next step is to allege that hopelessn00b killed Abraham Lincoln. Apr 10 '15 at 22:23
- 7If it helps, @Reaces, I was originally hoping to resolve this in < 30 minutes via a private conversation. Instead, this got dragged into public and I've done my best since then to keep up with it without intentionally spreading misinformation - even as I was (and still am) lacking a complete picture myself. I've handled hundreds of similar situations in the past, but this one takes the cake - I have a lot of work left to do here before I can be sure I'm being accurate, so the best I can tell you right now is what I'm doing and why I'm doing it. Which, incidentally, is all I ask of mods. Apr 10 '15 at 22:25
- 7@Shog9 To be honest I'm not entirely sure what the what (heh) and why is yet. I assume the what is investigating and the why is because you suspect power abuse. But so far theres been a lot of talk of lies and betrayal and some soap opera worthy conversations. Maybe a "this is what we're doing and this is why" post from the community managers is exactly what we need in stead of a jumble of comments spread across two questions containing a dozen answers. Apr 10 '15 at 22:31
- 3Read this answer, @Reaces. It describes what I have been doing, what I will be doing, and why I've been doing it. Ignore the comments - they're for the benefit of a handful of people who already know how this went down but aren't letting on in order to prolong the drama here for their own amusement. I sincerely apologize for the disruption - if I'd been watching more closely two months ago, I might've identified this sooner and been able to resolve it before it gathered steam. Apr 10 '15 at 22:39
- 8@Shog9 It is not my intent to be one of those people. With utmost sincerity, I am still trying to make the connection between what you are implying here and what has been presented as evidence. Very strong accusations are being made, both in your last comment and the one Noob's answer links to. If those are accurate, so be it. What we need is an understanding of how you're arriving at this conclusion of malicious intent. Yeah, some of us have been fairly critical of SE in the past and our bickering is nothing new, but if your severe statements are justified that's water under the bridge. Apr 10 '15 at 22:47
- 3@Shog9 The latest comments there hint at something more going on than was initially what's going on, but I for one am not part of
who already know how this went down but aren't letting on in order to prolong the drama here for their own amusementI'll wait and see what else comes up....– Ward - Reinstate Monica ModApr 10 '15 at 22:51
- 2@Shog9 It doesn't seem unreasonable to search for keywords when the relevant tags are long gone and can no longer be searched for instead (and even if they existed, posts might be incorrectly tagged). And I'm going to have to build a small tool just to review this list of questions properly, so I'm not sure why the fixation on using specialized tools? What am I missing here? Apr 10 '15 at 22:54
- 6I use "specialized tools" all the time, @Michael. Some of the other mods have entire libraries of scripts they use to help them. Used judiciously, that isn't a problem. Remember this? Specialized tool. It ain't the tooling, it's how you use it - notice how folks who disagreed with what I did there were able to both find out what was going on and offer feedback, because I talked about it in public? Y'all didn't have to ask Shane to pull logs to figure out what Shog was up to, you just went to meta. Apr 10 '15 at 23:40
My response to Shog, since I've been accused of avoiding answering his question:
(Text below)
from Shog9♦ sent 22 hours ago to HopelessN00b
Just saw this. Hundreds of questions closed with the same canned comment linking to old meta discussions that don't explain the closure. No new meta discussion.
Explain this.
Your moderator access has been revoked pending the resolution of this discussion. from HopelessN00b sent 16 hours ago to moderators
As mentioned in the meta thread, I find the request for an explanation a little confusing (as well as disheartening). Administration panels are explicitly off-topic, per the Server Fault "on-topic" page, and if I recall correctly, that was made explicit before I was elected a moderator.
Even before that time, for at least 2 years, these questions were routinely hammered shut for one of the (retired) minimal understanding, (rewritten) "non-professional" or existing "business environment" close reasons, and I briefly continued in that tradition until I got tired of being notified by by people asking me to explain how their administration panel question was in one of those categories, so I made up a custom close reason. At first, just that first sentence, but people complained or wanted an explanation in notifications to me, so I expanded it and linked what I consider to be the two "best" meta threads which explain why administration panels are off topic.
There is no new meta discussion precisely because this is not a sudden change, or a controversial one. The only change of note is that I left a specific, direct custom close reason explaining exactly why the question was closed. In fact, if you look at the existing ask date of questions containing an admin panel, you'll find only a handful (literally less than five) that were asked this year, and are still opened. This is because I've reviewed literally every question containing mention of a control panel since that time and taken what I believe to be the appropriate action. In a few, very rare instances, they've been left open, almost as rarely, I've edited them to remove mention of the administration panel, and the rest have been closed for being off topic.
I fail to see the difference between this and the hundreds of old shopping questions, list questions and career development questions that I (as well as every other moderator) have also closed. We close these for the same reason - as not to give the impression that this type of question can or should be asked anymore, and because they tend to attract more in kind. Especially, with old, answered questions, the only thing that leaving them open does is give an impression that they are valid questions.
- 17
No new meta discussion.We've been talking about this topic, with actual resolutions to actually take action and close questions of this nature for years. I don't understand how anyone could be blindsided by this. This was not a cabal decision. This was not unilateral. This should have taken no one by surprise. Whatever is being smoked, ship it up to Colorado because there's some cancer patients that need the good stuff. Apr 10 '15 at 19:27
- 17
- 14meta.serverfault.com/contact @mfinni - or just post here on meta, of course. Apr 10 '15 at 19:44
- 15@Shog9: "No one gave you mandate...". Plain wrong. He got elected as a mod by the community, which I consider as just that mandate. I didn't end up doing something like this as I honestly don't see all that much value in such a campaign to justify the amount of clickwork involved. Apr 10 '15 at 19:48
- 11I feel like this really doesn't need to be this controversial - I get that many people here are upset at decisions being made from outside the SF community, but is "there should probably be a discussion on meta before blanket-closing hundreds of questions" really such an imposition? (and yes, there was discussion of tag cleanup, which was completed months ago and does not cover the kinds of specifics that are needed for question cleanup - saying it was already agreed to is disingenuous) Apr 10 '15 at 19:52
- 12@ShaneMadden: I think his other concern is that some questions got swept up that aren't actually about control panels, but just happened to mention them - If that did in fact happen, then we're punishing N00b because of the 1 thing he got wrong instead of supporting the 99 he got right? Apr 10 '15 at 20:24
- 10@Shog9: no one gave you a mandate to sweep the site clean of questions that you personally felt were tainted... - The community gave N00b the mandate to act in good faith as moderator and to in fact clean these questions up. It would appear that you're the only one who seems to think this was personal on his part. The very fact that we elected him moderator, in part to perform this function, should tell you that this type of action is the desire of the community. To say otherwise is to betray your own mission statement. Apr 10 '15 at 20:32
- 15@BigHomie I think Shog's original intent was a temporary diamond removal to stop the closings from continuing to happen so he could get a chance to understand what was going on. Apr 10 '15 at 20:40
- 13
- 15
- 21@Shog9 I've been watching this bonfire to see what happens but this comment of yours concerns me, "I'm not at all convinced this is true...." (context snipped). It seems very much like you're investigating to prove malice which is a very bad sign. Speaking as a professional forensics examiner and incident responder if you make any assumptions as to outcome you MUST be relieved. It sounds like you're trying to prove malicious intent instead of determining intent. One is admirable, the other is abhorrent and completely unprofessional. Apr 10 '15 at 20:58
- 13I'm trying to find out what was actually being done, @Scott. Either there was an honest mistake, made repeatedly in a short period of time with no attempt at correction... Or something else. My operating assumption is that this was just carelessness, but - and this is important - I'm not a forensics examiner and this isn't a crime scene. The fundamental problem here was and continues to be a lack of communication, which is the only reason I have to be involved here in the first place - unlike criminal suspects, moderators are obliged to be candid as to what they're doing and why. Apr 10 '15 at 21:30
- 23@Shog9 You're trying to find out what happened. That's good! That's what needs to happen. What made me uncomfortable is that most of your communication, thus far, has been unreasonably aggressive and inflammatory. It indicates an investigation to prove your correctness rather than to uncover truth. That's what I'm concerned about and what I'm trying to warn against. Not sanctity of data or chain of custody. As you implied, being held to those standards would be just silly. Removing all preconception and emotion is a necessary component to investigation, whether murder or who shrunk a sweater Apr 10 '15 at 22:31
- 13Just to be clear, @Scott, I have/had three separate problems to deal with here: (1) an uncommunicative (but active) moderator, (2) an unknown quantity of bad data due to #1, and (3) a big pile of meta drama. One is already dealt with, albeit not in the way I'd hoped. The second I'm dealing with. The last one I probably won't be able to handle effectively until the first two are squared away. The bit everyone's getting hung up on is #2 - and that's where I'm getting irritated, because it's trivial to observe that it exists, but hard to determine the reason or extent. But, we'll get there. Apr 11 '15 at 0:04
- 20While I appreciate this is ultimately SE's site to do with as it wishes, I am (yet again) unsurprised but disappointed to see SE banging on about community while ignoring the wishes of large sections of the community. I coach newbie sysadmins and helldesk types at work by emphasising the difference between doing something for the users and doing something to the users. This feels like SE doing something to the community, not for the community. Apr 12 '15 at 14:03
I'm more than a little confused how this situation ended up happening the way that it did. Ignoring the process that was done to close the questions for a moment the way I see it a staff member investigated a situation and asked for information on the why and that information was provided (again ignoring the timeline a little here for simplicity.)
It seems like we now have two instances of drama, one between Shog and Hopeless about a lack of communication beforehand and slow communication after, and one between the community and Shog over language used and how the situation was handled or at least how it was perceived to be handled. To my mind the close reason explained why he closed them, so if there was uncertainty over a larger consensus why not immediately bring that concern to meta to see what the community felt (which in my opinion was already explained in the close reason itself.)
Maybe I'm just being naive but everything I've read throughout the various answers and comments the community at large doesn't seem to have an issue with the actions Hopeless took and in turn he was in a way exercising our will which is what we wanted from him when we elected him. I think everyone can agree that communication beforehand and more mild language afterword would've been preferable but a simple meta post asking for the community's feelings on the subject at present and backchanneling with N00b to sort out everything else would've put out the embers before it started.
- 10Very perceptive. Josh could easily have contacted the n00b via chat super-ping and asked him to stop whilst things were investigated. That he didn't and chose a much more precipitous method speaks volumes. It was clearly designed to cause all the drama. The rest is history. Apr 11 '15 at 21:37
- 4@Iain Stack Exchange have their protocols that need to be followed, and I don't think that the action of removing someones powers whilst their actions are being investigated is too strong. After all, if you're going to fire someone, you don't tell them before hand. You take away their access card in case they go and fuck shit up. That's just common sense. The only reason this drama came out was because Hopeless requested that it be aired. The only reason that happened was because someone noticed that mod diamonds were missing. I'm sure that Shog and everyone at SE would have preferred it Apr 12 '15 at 9:43
- , and myself for that matter, to be dealt with quietly. Apr 12 '15 at 9:43
- 16@MarkHenderson My impression is that a lot of the drama comes from the offensive statements that Shog9 made (indicating there is likely a personal element to his actions), not over temporarily removing moderator privileges while investigating what is happening. Apr 12 '15 at 19:11
- @MadHatter For this scenario, I disagree. Shog9 basically sits at the top of the pyramid of community members in terms of responsibility, and it's his responsibility to limit the perceived damage. When you think someone is running around smashing all the windows without permission, you don't politely ask them to stop and hope that they will. You take away their hammer until you can get the full story. Apr 15 '15 at 6:05
- 2If force majeure is to be used, there must be some repercussion when it's used wrongly. In this case, I (for one) don't find that the hypothesis (HN was running around smashing windows) has been proven. On the contrary, I've seen quite a lot of good argument that he was engaging in business that was (a) usual for him, (b) in line with his election platform. And as a side question, am I by any chance right in thinking that Shog9 is a paid employee? Apr 15 '15 at 6:30
- 1
- 1@MarkHenderson The taking away of mod powers temporarily isn't the core issue here. The first thing Shog said about the situation was that "One of them decided to step down, and asked for his moderator status to be removed. The other decided something else and didn't ask anyone anything." So right out of the gate it sounds way worse than what was going on and puts up a wall between him and the community implying wrong doing from the outset. Apr 15 '15 at 19:23
I think the issue lies in the SE team's failure to communicate the issue properly.
If a moderator appears to be acting without community consensus, there should be warnings stating clearly the nature of the issue and the correct course of action to take:
HopelessN00b, I'm becoming very concerned about the recent actions you've been taking. It seems you're acting without community consensus, mass-closing questions without seeking input from the user base at large. Keep in mind that moderators are supposed to act on behalf of the community, not in place of it.
Before making any drastic changes to the site, even if supported by established rules, please ask about it on Meta and, and most critically, have the community play its part. Make sure the community is involved in the cleanup. A Meta post directing the community to vote to close such questions would be a great idea—you would simply work in tandem with the close voters.
The response from Shog9 makes this sound like a witch-hunt, not an attempt to actually address a moderation issue. HopelessN00b was confronted with accusatory statements from the start, and did not receive an explanation of why this behavior was not healthy until now: that the community was becoming over-reliant on him. Problems must be explained clearly from the start.
I've only read a handful of the heated debate here, but believe I've got the gist enough to ask:
Would you rather:
- Stack mods/staff investigated potential problems without suspension at the risk of damage and problems to the site/community
- Stack mods/staff stepped in, temporarily removed tools from a mod and investigated safely
2 for me, every time.
People are effectively calling Shog9 out to have handled this really badly, maybe he has, maybe not. The point is no-one yet knows because there is an investigation.
If it turns out Noob did nothing wrong, then mod status will return and what harm was there?
If it turns out there was a problem then it was "nipped in the bud" so to speak.
And I mean nothing ill of Noob, I do not know them (you) at all and may be the best mod the entire internet has ever seen.
However, even people who we think we know can turn out to be doing things they shouldn't, or even just innocently causing an issue they were not even aware of it themselves.
If in a physical company a staff member is suspected of foul play, even if that staff member is highly valued, otherwise extremely good member of the team (etc etc) the company has no choice but to ask them to leave while an investigation is performed.
What else can one do when the facts are not clear, and all evidence is not present? If the problem turns out to be real and without suspension "free reign" is allowed to continue, then the knowledge of an investigation can cause the person to do even more damage.
Even if they do not, the risk is there and is not a risk any decent company should be willing to take.
The site has rules and protocols to follow, and this includes for Staff, and Shog9. And I cannot imagine with his experience that Shog9 would just glibly revoke someone's mod status without good reason, and is just following protocol.
Shog9 stated:
I'm waiting for a response from the person responsible. Hopefully, we can work this out without a ton of drama. For now, just know that removal of mod privileges is the moderator equivalent of suspension - an expedient way of halting a problematic situation until it can be resolved.
Now, isn't that diplomatic?
However, the public demanded the drama, not Shog9.
Sure, you can say he "bit", but imagine yourself in this position, and everyone in comments and answers are publicly calling up your decision, and you find yourself trying to investigate the problem, but at the same time answering to harsh accusations and so having to defend yourself.
Would you manage to not get even a little defensive amongst a handful of answers and 80 comments in what is now your decisions and job being entirely publicly judged.
Perhaps there has been some less than professional words said, and perhaps could have been addressed and approached differently.
But, who among us is not guilty of doing something "not quite perfectly"?
If your hand is still down and you've been a manager of any kind, put your hand up immediately, and stop being in denial.
Yes, Mods are volunteering their time for free, which I fully appreciate, as I'm sure so do Stack.
But volunteering one's time for free is not a ticket to make mistakes which are detrimental to the site and users - being a mod does carry the necessity to uphold quality on the site and be fair to users.
If you are such a mod, and value the site and it's users, then you most certainly should understand when the site puts a hold on someone's mod rights while an investigation is carried out.
Because it's all for the greater good.
And if it turns out Noob did nothing wrong, then hopefully their being a mod and also wanting the best for the site, they will understand why this was done.
- 11No problem with a temporary suspension while facts are worked out. Plenty of problem with statements of malicious intent that are presented as facts. The only conclusions I can reach are one of the following: 1) no one is going to substantiate the statements of implied intent until a later date, 2) those who aren't grasping it are being perceived as dense and not worth spending the time on during the flurry of comment spam, 3) those who aren't grasping it are being perceived as cronies. Apr 11 '15 at 0:04
- 4It's a little deeper than that James. The problem is/was the fact that the community attempted to inform the CMs that we in fact requested these moves by n00b, both implicitly when we elected him as mod, and explicitly when he told us what he was doing in various chat rooms and meta posts. Apr 11 '15 at 0:10
- 2Next, there is the disconnect between the CMs and SF in general, not all but a good portion of them are not active in the chat or on main, so some of us feel that they wouldn't know how we want things done in the community. The fact that they swoop in when there is the threat of a rogue mod is fine, however they have a pretty good consensus here from the people who actually use and frequent the site that we requested this, so to assume the worst of a person who was voted in by the community who has interacted with the person before they were a mod is kind of insulting, at least to me. Apr 11 '15 at 0:10
- 1I feel that if someone is going to oversee something they should take a minute to actually be involved in that thing, if they are not going to trust the opinion of the people that oversee that thing from day to day. Also, it does not appear that anyone complained (at least from the core community) outside of the people who's questions were closed. I could be wrong about that, but if there was anyone who complained, I haven't read it in this meta post. n00b stated he has been doing this for 2 months, so either no other mods noticed, no other mods cared, or both. Apr 11 '15 at 0:11
- 1If they noticed and did nothing, it's a silent approval, and their actions should be called into question as well. In addition, this meta thing is a two way street. Yes, n00b could have posted an additional meta post to say he was explicitly closing webpanel questions. Nothing stops anyone from posting to meta to find out why their question was closed, or to find out if we have a rogue mod on the loose. I think the latter would have gathered the community's opinion on how it felt about the mass cleanup that was taking place. Apr 11 '15 at 0:11
- 1Finally, understand that this was nothing new for a portion of the core community. We are trying to restore SF to what it was, n00b helped a great deal with that, we didn't care how he closed questions, we knew he was closing them, we trusted they were off topic, and if 1 or 2 got caught in the crosshairs that's what a flag for reopen or meta is for. If the OP of the question didn't take that step, then why should we go making a thing out of it? rhetorical question. Apr 11 '15 at 0:11
- @BigHomie Fair points."so to assume the worst of a person who was voted in by the community" that was the point of my answer really, I don't think that's necessarily the case, more just protocol and requirement. Although I see your point with the additional info. that's something which sounds like it definitely needs sorting out - tho I only have info from one side :) Apr 11 '15 at 0:33
- @BigHomie "I feel that if someone is going to oversee something they should take a minute to actually be involved in that thing" If this is the case then I have sympathy. Although it's not always simple to resolve such things. Also, from what info I have, n00b was asked what was going on. Was there actually an answer given, or was there a silence out of protest/frustration from even being asked it? I'm not speculating, just stating I (we) maybe don't really know the full story. Apr 11 '15 at 0:41
- I understand. It seems from @Shog9's comments on his own answer above that he thought n00b might have been using grep'ing the site and autoclosing based on the appearance of the name of some web panels, which may or may not be true. Looking at his screen shot I don't see that, there were only a few questions that were within a minute of each other, and I can certainly read questions as fast as they were closed up there, there were no more than 2 questions closed per minute in his screenshot, certainly doable if you ask me. Apr 11 '15 at 0:41
- Take an hour and read through, it's quite a read ;) Seriously though, no one but them knows what happened last night, but n00b eventually replied privately (and also posted his answer above), I can't type the rest cuz it's too long :) Apr 11 '15 at 0:43
- 1
- 2James, can I ask how you found out about this? It doesn't appear you've been here before, I'm glad you're here fwiw, just curious. Apr 11 '15 at 0:57
- 2Northampton fire back at Lawes critics after monster hit
Plenty of players stood up for England during the Autumn Nations Series, none more so than Courtney Lawes.
The Northampton Saint started all three Tests at blindside flanker, captaining England for the first time against Tonga, and returned to captain the side in the epic win over South Africa on Saturday.
One moment in particular from the lock-cum-flanker against the Springboks that has been shared frequently online is a tackle he made on Kwagga Smith, where he completely levelled the fellow flanker from the side.
Northampton took the sharing of this video to dispel a long-held view that the 32-year-old only produces massive hits on half-backs. That is of course true, and any highlights reel of his will have plenty of footage of him flying into No10s, but his tackle on the Springbok shows that it does not matter what size the opponent is.
ONlY mAkeS bIg hiTs oN hALf-BaCkS 🥴
— Northampton Saints 😇 (@SaintsRugby) November 23, 2021
Lawes’s standout moment during the autumn surely came in the first match against Tonga, where he was able to track back and stop Telusa Veainu scoring what looked to be a certain try following an interception. This tackle showed that Lawes has many more strings to his bow in defence than simply massive hits, as this was a monumental effort to track back.
What. A. Tackle.@Courtney_Lawes is not human 👽 pic.twitter.com/Ln1zBYEtrf
— Northampton Saints 😇 (@SaintsRugby) November 6, 2021
It looks likely that Lawes will keep hold of the No6 shirt for the foreseeable future with England, and has emerged as one of the leading contenders to captain England in the 2022 Six Nations if Owen Farrell is still out after having ankle surgery. Even if the Saracens star returns, Lawes may still be Eddie Jones’ preferred choice to take England forward to the 2023 World Cup.This the other day. With yummy ingredients like raspberries, pomegranates, carrots and blood oranges you will want to drink this smoothie all the time!
We all want that glowing, healthy, vibrant skin and a big part of making this a reality in your life is being mindful of what you are putting into your body. I believe our skin speaks the imbalances that are happening in our bodies. Did you know that having acne in your forehead/nose (T-zone) this can indicate a possible toxin and a sluggish
So lets talk about these ingredients and how each one will support that beautiful skin of yours.
Pomegranates- (1) are rich in vitamin C, a nutrient quite important for skin health. They are also packed with antioxidants like proanthocyanidins and flavonoids that work great for the skin by delaying the signs of aging (like wrinkles). It also has been known for its anti-aging effects.
Carrots – (2) Aside from keeping your eyes healthy, carrots can also contribute to a healthy complexion. This is because vitamin A helps repair skin tissue and protects against the sun’s harsh rays
Raspberries– (3) Raspberries have 40% more antioxidant content than blueberries and strawberries. These antioxidants work great for your skin. They, first of all, prevent the damaging effects of the sun. Which also means they prevent redness if your skin is sensitive. The presence of vitamin C in raspberries makes them an ideal food to prevent skin cancer.
Blood Oranges- (4)
Water- (5) Your skin has a natural barrier that retains moisture, and if this barrier’s functions are disrupted, your skin may become dry and sensitive. When you neglect hydration, your skin can’t perform at its best, leading to premature aging and dry, sensitive skin. Another big benefit to drinking water is its ability to flush your system of toxins. This flushin keeps your skin clean, pushing out bacteria and reducing the risk of acne and other skin problems.
Isn’t it amazing how simple ingredients from mother earth are so powerful at assisting our bodies to thrive in a whole new way?? The more we get back to eating more whole clean ingredients the better our body will thrive.
Let me know in the comments below how you enjoyed this smoothie recipe,
Keep thriving,
Crystal Hughes
Yields 1 personal serving
A quick, easy, and delicious smoothie packed with ingredients to help you get your skin glowing. You will fall in love with this delicious recipe filled with raspberries, pomegranates, carrots and oranges.
5 min
5 minTotal Time
5 based on 1 review(s)
Ingredients
- I used all organic ingredients
- 1 cup frozen or fresh raspberries
- 1 cup frozen pomegranate seeds
- 1 cup chopped carrots
- 1 whole blood orange peeled
- 1 1/2 cups water
Instructions
- Put all ingredients into a high powered blender like a Vitamix.
- Mix on high until the pomegranate and raspberry seeds have been throughly broken down.
- Serve in your favourite glass with a glass straw.
Notes
If you don't have blood oranges in season where you live you can replace for regular oranges.
2 CommentsRifle, sales isn’t easy. Cold calling can be one of the hardest parts. Yet, every sales rep has to do so, at some point (and probably more).
Don’t be afraid of cold calling. Embrace it. You have a LOT more control over the process than you think. A sound, strategic plan – built on putting in the work upfront – creates untold potential for business growth.
No doubt you are qualifying your prospects … to a point. Unlikely, however, that you’re doing the intense, ultra-specific drill-down that REALLY identifies those people and organizations who need your product or service … and are waiting to hear from you (though they might not know it).
Herein lies Strategy, the first Pillar of The Three Pillars of Cold Call Success.
As mentioned in my last article, every person or company you cold-call should (metaphorically) be named Ideal Client. They need what you’re selling. An introduction is the last missing piece.
How do you know this? Your comprehensive strategy (the Pillar) narrows potential targets to an extremely tight, focused group.
You use at least six objective, quantifiable, and specific criteria to identify prospects – criteria such as:
- Type of operation – service, manufacturing, retail, etc.
- B2B or B2C
- Where located
- Number of employees
- Market segment
- Annual revenue
- Age of organization
- Recent “life events,” i.e. leadership change, merger or acquisition, new office(s) opening, regulatory infraction, significant award … oh, there are many, many more!
Your prospects should meet all your criteria. Not three, or four, or five – ALL. Only then will you truly be employing a targeted, rifle-like strategy – not a scattershot, shotgun approach.
There’s more. Your cold call strategy needs meat on the bone. What value-add are you offering the prospect? How do you save them money or time? Make their job (or life) easier? Enhance the long-term prosperity of the organization?
Remember, the prospect doesn’t care about you. They care about what’s in it for them.
How do you get your message across, in the often painfully short time a cold call allows? This landmine blows up far too many sales calls. You’ll get the answer in my next post, which will examine Structure, the second Pillar of The Three Pillars of Cold Call Success.
Excited? Want to really dive in and learn more? Consider attending or live streaming my Feb. 28 Three Pillars of Cold Call Success seminar. Your head might explode from all the knowledge you’ll absorb. How’s that for a sales pitch?
Similarly, your cold call strategy should formulate a good one for your product or service. Keep in mind that your goal, on the initial call, isn’t to close a sale. It’s to set an appointment.
You, being a smart sales professional, can take things from there. You’ve put together a winning strategy. You’re armed and ready – and no longer shooting in the dark..Missoula Weekly Crime Report: One Man Assaulted His Wheelchair-Bound Grandfather
The Missoula County Attorney’s Office filed 15 felony complaints this week. According to County Attorney Kirsten Pabst, some of those were new in custody cases and the rest were out of custody warrant requests.
“In one case, the defendant was charged with assault and criminal mischief,” Pabst said. “The allegation there is that the defendant assaulted his wheelchair bound grandfather. In another case, we charged indecent exposure. The allegation there is that, in September, the defendant allegedly exposed himself to two adult women at Kelly Island and also exposed himself in the presence of three minors.”
Pabst said her office also charged one defendant with vehicular homicide while under the influence.
“That involved a situation that occurred in February where the defendant was allegedly driving after consuming alcohol and collided with a cyclist,” Pabst said. “That cyclist has sadly since passed away from their injuries. In another assault with a weapon case, the defendant allegedly pointed a gun and threatened to shoot a person for speeding through a neighborhood. The defendant who threatened to speeder with a gun was charged with a felony.”
In addition, Pabst said they charged one theft case and three drug cases.
“One involved suspected meth,” Pabst said. “One involved heroin, meth, and fentanyl. The third involved heroin, meth, and stolen credit cards. Finally, we charged two fugitives from justice. In one, the defendant had several warrants out of North Dakota including the manufacture of drugs and DUI fourth offense. The other had a warrant for failing to register as a sex offender out of Georgia and Idaho.”
According to Pabst, they also charged a sexual intercourse without consent case involving a situation at a campsite on Reserve Street.
You can listen to Pabst's full report below.Many real-time strategy games employ a superweapon, a very powerful, near if not limitless range, endgame weapon with large tech requirements and high costs. Popular examples of superweapons are the ion cannon from Command & Conquer and the nuclear missile from StarCraft.
In Act of War, superweapons take on the form of tactical weapons.
- US Army - Wolverine missile silo
- Task Force Talon - Mjolnir super-heavy howitzer
- Consortium - Falling Star uplink
Counter-tactical weapons are weapons that intercept enemy tactical weapons./> /> /> /> Our passion project, Good Behavior made the cover of NJBIZ October 13, 2021Eleanor Kubacki and her daughter Dakota Silver are featured this month in newest issue of NJBIZ magazine celebrating the successful launch of their new enterprise, Good Behavior. The beginnings of Good Behavior started innocently enough. After falling in love with a... Firsthand Experience: How SBA Helps Women Entrepreneurs March 25, 2021There. Rutgers University Receives International Award for EFK Produced Video March 25, 2021We were ecstatic when we found out the video we produced for Rutgers University won the Circle of Excellence award! Out of all of the submissions the Council for Advancement and Support of Education received, we helped Rutgers University come out on top! Read about... University Hospital Recognized as National Leader for Liver Transplant Survival February 11, 2021In addition to its coverage as the first COVID vaccine clinic in New Jersey, University Hospital was recently recognized for its liver transplant efforts. University Hospital's liver transplant program has become the national leader in the one-year survival rate. Read... CEO of Planned Companies Discuss Who Should Be Vaccinated Next January 29, 2021The CEO of Planned Companies, Robert A. Francis offers his opinion on who would be the next group to vaccinate as the COVID vaccine becomes more accessible throughout the country. He believes that the individuals considered 'essential' should be the next up, and we... Winning Strategies Public Relations Merges with EFK Group, Forming a Full Service Marketing Firm January 27, 2021Two New Jersey-based strategic communications organizations, recognized throughout the Northeast, have joined forces. Trenton-based EFK Group recently announced it has merged with Winning Strategies Public Relations (WSPR), based in Newark, effective January 1, 2021.... Woman-Owned EFK Group Partners with Advertising Icon Ogilvy January 26, 2021Following our collaboration in a project for the CDC, we are excited to announce the EFK Group is continuing our partnership with Ogilvy. Our collective efforts are a result of the Small Business Administration's (SBA) All Small Mentor-Protégé Program, an initiative... University Hospital Opens First COVID Vaccine Clinic December 16, 2020It is a historical moment for New Jersey and the rest of the country as we are witnessing the launch of New Jersey's first COVID vaccine clinic at Newark’s University Hospital! We’ve been working around the clock with Rutgers New Jersey Medical School and University... ADAPTING TO A NEW FUTURE: Ten Ways Reach Students During and Post COVID-19 September 9, 2020It's no secret, the world as we know it is changing at a rapid pace. This impact affects whole sectors especially that of higher education. The challenge is ongoing, but despite everything, learning institutions need to focus on a new way to make education work during... WordPress 5.5 Highlights August 10, 2020WordPress 5.0 brought us the Gutenberg aka the block editor. It was a major shift for developers and users, but has proven to be a welcome shift. WordPress 5.5 is now close on the horizon. It is scheduled to be released August 11th, 2020 and it is looking to be... Post-COVID-19, mental health and well-being will be top-of-mind. Is your campus ready? May 7, 2020As a marketing communications agency, specializing in higher education and the ability to deliver authentic brand stories, you can image that our file servers are overflowing with folders of youthful smiles, cheering fans, and campus quad comradery. The fact is, we... 2020 Marketing Outlook / Predictions February 7, 2020 January 4, 2019 October 23, 2018With? October 12, 2018 July 20, 2018 May 5, 2018You March 22, 2017These first few months of 2017 have already proven to be a wild ride for advertising, particularly for digital. Artificial Intelligence (No Preservatives) March 9, 2017There” February 14, 2017Whether January 25, 2017Think January 9, 2017Being November 30, 2016When November 2, 2016Huge July 28, 2016Facebook July 18, 2016There July 5, 2016VR June 23, 2016Targeted Advertising has a new, unique tool to better engage with people based on their sentiments, passions, and hunger-driven food emoji use Working with Prospective Students January 11, 2016Do November 23, 2015The November 23, 2015In a thriving and culturally diverse city like Trenton, it’s hard to standout. Video Everywhere. November 17, 2015 November 10, 2015Today, when a viewer opens a web page that interests him or her, what would that person access for the information desired – a complex story or a 30-second video? The answer, of course, is the 30-second video. Reaching the Millions of Millennials November 5, 2015The! October 29, 2015It’s been an exciting couple of months for EFK Group and our CEO Eleanor Kubacki! Load more /> Work /> CareersWhy is the Caribbean popular?
The Caribbean is one of the world’s prime yachting locales, offering diversity, warm weather and fine scenery. The many small islands and relatively calm sailing waters make this region great to explore by sea.
Is the Caribbean dependent on tourism?
The Caribbean is the most tourism-dependent region of the world. … With an average value-added contribution of the tourism industry to GDP of five percent over that period, the Caribbean Region was second only to North Africa which had a contribution of 5.2 percent.
Which Caribbean country depends on tourism?
Aruba was the Caribbean economy that relied the most on travel and tourism in 2020, with this sector accounting for more than 40 percent of its gross domestic product (GDP).
What is the greatest influence on tourism in the Caribbean?.Home » Ramadan Messages » Ramadan Messages, Wishes, Quotes and Ramadan Greetings
Ramadan Messages, Wishes, Quotes and Ramadan Greetings
by admin | category Ramadan Messages | No Comments
Best Ramadan Messages 2021
Ramadan Messages – Find 2021 largest collection of Ramadan messages at bestmessage.info submitted by user, express your feeling with all the new Ramadan text messages of 2021, Ramadan messages Quotes, Wishes, Greetings in Urdu, English & Roman Urdu to send mobile sms your friend & family members in Pakistan now.
-!
- Ramadan Mubarak May Allah Shower all his blessings on you
-.
- Here is Allah, the one God, the designer, the maker. All the most beautiful names belong to Him. He is the most great and most sensible. Happy Ramadan!
- You cannot count all the blessing that Allah has given you, you will run out of numbers to recall them. But I am grateful to Allah for giving me a friend like you. A blessed Ramadan to you.
-.
- Wishing that Allah may give you all the desires in your heart. Happy Ramadan! (Ramadan Messages 2021)
- May Allah shower your family with love, Peace and togetherness in this holy celebration. (Ramadan Messages 2021)
- grant to you, for you are a great brother I treasure. A blessed Ramadan to you!(Ramadan Messages 2021)
- May the great Allah shower your path with light and knowledge. May this month be an enlightening celebration to all of us.(Ramadan Messages 2021)
- As you feast on your Iftar, I pray nothing but good health and prosperity in your family and friends. May you share it with love on your loved ones.(Ramadan Messages 2021)
- May Allah shower you with wisdom and good health on your celebration of Ramadan. (Ramadan Messages 2021)
- Our precious greetings and wishes on your celebration of Ramadan. May He bless you and your family with strength and prosperity.(Ramadan Messages 2021)
- We wish you a warm and bright spirit on your Ramadan occasion. For Allah, the great maker, will bring us joy and peace on this holiday. Ramadan Kareem! (Ramadan Messages 2021)
Ramadan sms Messages 2021
-.
- Good health and success may bestow upon you. Happy Ramadan.
- We wish you and the rest of your family an abundant and blissful celebration of.Spring 2015 Fashion
354 Pins
5y
Collection by
Rhonda Harrison
Similar ideas popular now
Alberta Ferretti Spring/Summer 2015 Ready-To-Wear show report
Alberta Ferretti. Spring-summer 2015. This has the 1970's style written all over it. Inspiration comes from the term "child child", where lace and floral prints were widely used. Additionally the suede brown fringe dress and flats add a boho vibe.The error code you are getting is 425 Cannot open data connection
The error code you are getting is 425 Cannot open data connection
This error indicates that the FTP client is running in Active/PORT mode and you have a firewall in front of your client PC.
You should contact the user and have them configure their FTP client to run in PASV/Passive mode instead.
Please make sure you have configured Cornerstone to run behind a firewall and have configured your firewall to do port forwarding per our quickstart guide:
Configuring firewalls:
Active and Passive Modes:
Related Articles
fxEventMgr::_eventsLoadFromDatabase() failed: Unable to open database. (Error 2002)
Symptom: fxEventMgr::_eventsLoadFromDatabase() failed: Unable to open database. (Error 2002) appears in the log file. Solution: Run SQL Management Studio Express Find the customers database in the list of database Right-click on the database and ...
2019: How can I find my registration code?
The product registration code for Titan FTP Server 2019 and Cornerstone MFT Server 2019 can be found on the main welcome screen of the Administration Console application
2019: How-To: Storing data on an Azure File Storage Object
Titan FTP Server and Cornerstone MFT Server have the ability to access data files stored both locally, through a drive letter, and remotely using SMB and a UNC (Universal Naming Convention). An example of a UNC which would reference a network based ...
Webui fails during "Test Connection"
During Webui setup (Services, HTTP/HTTPS tab in the admin console), the Test Connection process generates a failure. This is most likely due to IIS conflicting with the Webui. Cornerstone/Titan uses proprietary webserver code to facilitate webui ...
RADIUS - access with Cornerstone - error 734 connection PPP
Scenario: Under CORNERSTONE console, When deleting and adding a group, some parameters are lost and must be entered again (home directory path for instance). How to make them permanent? Under AD, you create a group and a user. When accessing via GPRS ...Rise and Grind
The concrete walls and austere architecture of Evansville Teachers Federal Credit Union Plaza is one of the last places lunchgoers may expect to find one of Downtown’s most popular coffee shops and eateries. Obscured behind an unassuming gray door at the corner of the plaza’s entrance at 1 S.E. Ninth St., The Daily Grind is a portal, transporting customers to fresh food, hot drinks, and a relaxed social environment.
A stark contrast to its surroundings, The Daily Grind recalls feelings of a European cafe. Coffee-centric decor and sleek leather chairs fill the room while treat-covered counters bustle with the activity of a hungry lunch crowd.
The restaurant has served breakfast (6:30-10:30 a.m.), lunch (10:30 a.m.-2 p.m.), coffee, and bakery items to Downtown Evansville since Tara Gore opened The Daily Grind’s doors in December 2017. Its focus is not on one particular cuisine or menu item, but rather the ingredients behind each dish.
The Daily Grind is known for vegan options and made-from-scratch additions, including pesto and a hollandaise spread produced in house.
During Evansville Living’s lunchtime visit this week, we snagged one of the few empty tables and devoured the Al Capone. A toasted baguette sandwich stacked with ham, capicola, salami, pepperoni, melted provolone cheese, red onion, black olives, green peppers, lettuce, tomato, and a drizzle of Italian dressing, the Al Capone was reminiscent of a supreme pizza, save for the red sauce.
“Mangia! The Al Capone sandwich certainly transports you right to Little Italy,” says Staff Writer Riley Guerzini. “With New York deli meats and toppings, this sandwich tastes more like a slice of pizza stuffed between two pieces of bread.”
Guerzini and I split the hearty, juicy $9.99 sandwich and a side of Lay’s chips. Patrons can also choose from baked potato salad, baby carrots, apples, cottage cheese, or applesauce as their side. Other options are available for an additional charge.
While the line can get long, The Daily Grind keeps up with the rush of dine-in and to-go orders, securing its place as a hotspot for lunchtime diners and early risers across Downtown Evansville.
Interior photo provided by Daily Grind.
Cats in the classroom: Online learning in hybrid space
DOI:
AbstractStudents and professors create a shared on–campus.
Published
2005-09-05
How to Cite
Kazmer, M. (2005). Cats in the classroom: Online learning in hybrid space. First Monday, 10(9).
Issue
Section
Articles
License
Authors retain copyright to their work published in First Monday. Please see the footer of each article for details.The Girl Who Died Because Of The Doctor’s Negligence
She told me how her friend died at the hospital, due to the doctor’s negligence. My friend Akos narrated what happened to her friend.
Her friend was eating in the house when all of a sudden she got chocked up on a bone. She quickly called to the attention of her parents who were with her in the house.
They had to quickly rush her to the nearest hospital.
The only problem was that, the incidence happened very late at night and also the nearest hospital was only some miles away. On arrival at the hospital, the doctors and nurses had to rush her to the emergency section: well, because she was losing her breath!
The doctors run to examine her, to examine the state of her condition. Well, they knew exactly what they could do about it! But some reason they paused. The night doctor came out of the theatre; he called her parents unto one side and said, ‘’We can actually do the work, but until you pay, we’ll not be able to touch her.’’
‘’You work on her, we’ll get you the money,’’ her parents told the doctor. They quickly answered the doctor, when to their amazement, due to their haste they forgot to pick any money or their ATM card!
Well, home too was far away. ‘’ Sir, we actually have the money, but we forgot to even pick up money. Sir, it’s late right now, and we’re also from a very long distance! You can go ahead and work on her and first thing tomorrow morning we’ll hand you over that money!’’
‘’Sorry mum, we have a policy here which states that you must pay, before work begins on the patient! Simply it’s a cash and carry system!’’ said the doctor to the patient’s worried mother. Well, they did everything to influence the doctor to be merciful over their child, looking at the life-threatening circumstances but unfortunately the price of 50$ was more important to the medical doctors than the price of a life.
‘’I’m sorry, you can leave her here. However, whiles the money is ready by tomorrow, we’ll start working on her!’’ All that time, they didn’t know she was losing her life! Sadly, her parents have to leave, and travel back home, expecting to see her alive by tomorrow, when they return with the money, early in the morning.
In short, the parents left because the night was growing darker; and so the doctors abandoned her life. Yes, they abandoned the emergency situation, till her parents would have to show up with the money. They neglected her case for 50$.
Before sunrise (dawn), her parents quickly hit the road with that money, with additional provisions for their baby! They reported to the counter and spoke with the nurse. ‘’Are you Mr and Mrs Simpson? (Their actual names have been withheld).
‘’Yes!’’
They screamed.
The nurse quickly took a deep breath, and quickly hit the buttons on the telephone; ‘’Doctor, the parents are in.’’
In a minute, the doctor was at the counter; He looked worried!
‘’Sir,’’ referring to the girl’s dad, ‘’Can I talk to you, sir?’’
The girl’s dad agreed, and walked with the doctor to a nearby office of the hospital. ‘’I’m sorry, I’m sorry-‘’ The doctor said, stammering worriedly!
‘’You’re sorry about what?’’ the patient’s daddy, also asked worriedly.
‘’Is my girl okay?’’ he added.
‘’No sir, she couldn’t survive the choke. We lost her by the time it got to the morning.’’ ‘’Oh my God!’’ her daddy screamed, alarming the hospital.
‘’So you’ve abandoned my gifted daughter, to die-just-just because of 50$?’’
‘’Oh God!’’ Suddenly, her daddy sat on the ground, uncontrollably!
What’s the matter?’’ Her mother also bumped in.
(This story is true, and the girl’s picture was on social media, with friends and sympathizers, unhappy about the cause of her loss).
The Story Lessons:
- Is it good for the world to behave like this, where we lose our ‘feelings’ because of money, but we expect God to care for us, anytime we have need? The doctor could have paid, even though the parents were not having money by then!
Key Story Lesson: Let’s try to be each other’s keeper, for no matter what, or irrespective of our circumstances, we’re still one family!
The Story Lessons Community-True Stories Around The World.
By Prince Akogo!Date/Time
Date(s) - 09/27/2013
9:00 am - 12:00 pm
Location
Holton 180
Presenter
djbarth@uwm.edu
More workshops like this No Categories
There are 34 spaces reserved, 1:
September 27, 9a-12p
October 11, 9a-12p
October 25,
By registering for this event, you are registering for all three dates (9/27, 10/11, and 10/25), even though the e-mail confirmation will only have the first date (due to registration system limitations).
For more information, or to request special accommodations, please contact Dylan Barth at 414-229-4319.
Registration is closed for this workshop.Big Boobs Blow Job Boob Job Comedy Creampie Hand Job Incest Licking Masturbation Milf Vanilla Virgin
Report Dead Links and Faulty Releases. For downloading, just right-click and save it.
Series Name: Chu Shite Agechau: Oshikake Oneesan no Seikou ChiryouNumber of Episode(s): 2
Synopsis: Incest. Milf. Doc. You get it here. Story starts with guy jerking off and his big sister catches him. Later on he visits doctor and who later on fucks him well statisfying herself. And so no.
Alternate Names: Chu(治癒)してあげちゃう ~押しかけお姉さんの性交恥療~
Aired: Feb 22, 2013 to Jun 28, 2013
Producers: PoRO
Source: Visual NovelDEPARTMENT OF ENGLISH
The department of English was established in 1875, the same year in which Maharaja’s College was born. Coeval with the college, which has systematically progressed from a second grade institution affiliated to the University of Madras to a Centre of Excellence, the department has evolved exemplarily along over a period of nearly 150 years. Initially catering for the needs of various undergraduate programmes and First Arts Course (later renamed ‘Pre-University Course), the department started to offer postgraduate programme in English in 1956, the year in which the linguistically organized state of Kerala sprang into being. Thus the college became one of the first institutions in the entire state to offer the prestigious master’s degree in English. The giant leap took place while the renowned academician Prof. T. C. Balakrishna Menon was heading the department. After sixteen years, in 1972, the department also began undergraduate program while the famous literary critic and editor Prof. T.R.K. Marar was at the helm. In 2007, immediately after the golden jubilee of its postgraduate program, the department was elevated to the status of a research centre offering Ph.D. As of now, the department consists of 16 teaching faculty most of who are Ph.D.s and/or active researchers who have submitted their thesis or on the verging of doing so. We are the only department which reaches all undergraduate students as English is mandatory at that level. Members of the department have always played key roles in the overall growth and performance of the college by serving in central bodies such as the IQAC and NAAC committees. To crown it all, there are nine supervisors (including retired and external teachers) and more than twenty research scholars now. That the department produced nine Ph.D.s and as many as 35 students cleared National Eligibility Test (seven with Junior Research Fellowship) in the last five years bears testimony to the excellence it has achieved in the realm of higher education and research.It's a manual process which admins do as frequent as they can. Personalty I always add a note in the ticket about that:  two to go "live" in Extend. Thank you for your patience in this final step of the process!* На 02 март 2012, 01:52, Mats Birch <birch at birchware.se> написа: > A question from a newbie.. > > My theme got approved 19 hours ago. >.**org/ticket/6712<> > I thought that it would appear in the "Free Themes Directory" at >**themes/<>almost immediately. But it's still not there. So I wonder, is there > something I should do? > > I'm sorry if the question seems stupid, but I'm not yet familiar with the > entire review process. > > ______________________________**_________________ > theme-reviewers mailing list > theme-reviewers at lists.**wordpress.org<theme-reviewers at lists.wordpress.org> >**mailman/listinfo/theme-**reviewers<> > -- Yulian Yordanov post-scriptum.info -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: <>What Software Does Aweber Use
Truthful| Sincere| Straightforward} Email Marketing expert’s Review of Aweber: And Just How To Utilize It The Right Way
Yes, today is everything about Aweber especially and what I think of it in addition to how to appropriately utilize it for email-based partner advertising. When it comes to any sort of design of advertising and marketing there is actually greater than one way to perform it correct and also email marketing is definitely no exemption what thus ever. There are just like several designs of emails as well as topic heading as there are professionals imaginable, what are going to match you ideal is actually heading to be actually figured out by your personality and also what goals you’re targeting at What Software Does Aweber Use.
What Software Does Aweber Use
Why Perform Our Experts Utilize Aweber & Not Another Thing?
Easy … Our experts were begun one more system for being “too threatening” in our email marketing practice. That’s right, our experts made use of to utilize one more solution before switching over to Aweber and also were kicked off of it considering that our strategy was viewed as ” as well threatening” which is rather darn amusing reflecting on it now since we are actually much more hostile with some of our lists and also absolutely racking in the incomes hand over fist because of it. In the future you’ll be actually shown a photo of only ONE of our blog site’s earnings streams, there are multiples every blog post and multiple weblogs What Software Does Aweber Use.
What Software Does Aweber Use
Currently, for reasons of certainly not creating foes within the sector our company function, the name of that particular autoresponder service will certainly remain mysterious. It’s additionally crucial to note that they are actually not a poor company whatsoever therefore don’t be afraid to give others a try if you discover that Aweber isn’t to your choice. It’s only that, Aweber is actually by far the most convenient to make use of as well as has provided us the greater shipping rates of the ones our team’ve tried. They have fantastic as well as fast customer support as well as a lax remittance processor chip that will collaborate with you ( reasonably) ought to you happen to fall back on one or even your payments once or twice … only don’t make use of this since you can still shed your account over it.
How Perform Our Experts Utilize Aweber For Email Advertising?
Effectively, our experts have a number of different listings all create within a single account and each of those lists are actually aimed at a various reason within a handful of niche markets. The purpose of the article you’re reading isn’t a word-for-word tutorial on just how to utilize Aweber’s various tools, our experts actually currently have that contained within our superior membership instruction material but as an alternative our experts are actually mosting likely to give a quick run-through of what to expect when you jump into Aweber’s dash panel and also how all the orderly things they supply can easily work for you.
Create Your Checklist First … and after that
What Software Does Aweber Software Does Aweber Use
The photo above is actually merely a simple screenshot of our account (it is actually only a predisposed go, there are actually many more lists than what is actually depicted listed below) and as you can easily see, there are a few parts encompassed in red.
All the way on top is the ” take care of checklists” switch, you can easily access this coming from the major control panel through clicking on it What Software Does Aweber Use.
The green ” generate a checklist” switch which will definitely stroll you by means of measures important to make a brand-new checklist.
At the far-left is the different email lists you possess, ours are actually blurred bent on maintain our listings safe, it is actually nothing at all private versus you however our experts need to secure the honesty of our company.
As well as just off to the right-side of that is the ” customers” matter where you may view how many you carry any kind of particular checklists, illustrated in the picture over are two very new checklists so our team’re still building up the client matter however as you can view, some of them is actually presently doing very properly along with over 27k users.
As soon as you contend the very least one listing all setup you can after that start performing that advertising and marketing factor to get customers. There are actually a lots of techniques to get folks to register for your e-mail lists, many of which we deal with in our subscription training program.
Carrying Out Some True Email Advertising
Your list is setup and you have subscribers but what about doing a bit of actual email marketing? Effectively, to transform those clients into income you must consider it as a newsletter which you use to ensure promotions, reveal helpful information and over all simply correspond along with people who would like to learn through you. What Software Does Aweber Use
Above is actually another screencap of some of our lists to explain what you might expect to discover when dealing with your own e-mail checklists within Aweber. This is actually the “Legacy follow up set” page and also it is actually where you will collaborate with the genuine autoresponder portion of the Aweber solution.
You possess the ” develop a information” switch which is actually tinted in eco-friendly. Clicking that will route you to the email author which is actually the device you utilize to really write your e-mail messages. The large red box near the lower-left are the different e-mails already made up as well as aspect of the follow-up set and only off to the right of that is actually the open-rates each of your emails.
What Software Does Aweber Use
A fast note on open prices … A considerable amount of ” masters” will definitely educate you that your open prices are actually the most important thing as well as although it is essential to follow up with headings that force your viewers to hit as well as in fact review your emails it’s not the most vital number to monitor, that would certainly be your profits.
You can have opens prices which are half the one’s portrayed above and also still make a killing in your income bodies, all of it boils down to other essential aspects which once again, our team will not cover right here yet you can easily discover everything contained within our official instruction plan. Allow’s refer to what possessing a flourishing e-mail list can do for your internet site traffic following!
The Blog Website Traffic & Email Customer Unity
It’s presently been stated that having an energetic e-mail checklist is generally much like operating a bulletin where you keep in contact along with people just like our team that have presented an rate of interest in you or your promotions or details. What this indicates is that you may essentially recycle outdated leads as well as possibly turn all of them into brand-new sales or brand-new guests for ad income.
Above is a screenshot of simply someday’s incomes from merely one weblog, and also always remember that this is actually just the ad-money and also certainly not the Certified Public Accountant revenue we likewise possess taking place which is actually normally behind concerning an additional $1k monthly, every weblog at lowest along with some blogs carrying out several various times that each month. The cause our team’re revealing you this primarily is due to the fact that about 80% of the visitor traffic stems from email clients along with the various other twenty% coming from Google search web traffic and YouTube video website traffic. What Software Does Aweber Use
Another terrific thing to think about is actually that these blog sites which are primarily simply cranking out funds monthly are side projects, they aren’t also our principal concentration which is native ads as well as keeping the Powerhouse Associate web site. Certified Public Accountant and also associate marketing is our full-time job so the fact our experts may also generate these added hundreds of bucks on the side every month is actually definitely nice!
If you treat your list straight, maintain it cool as well as uncluttered by deleting unsubscribers on a once a week or bi-weekly basis and don’t spam all of them (it is actually okay to become a little vigorous, yet there is actually a line to be weary of) after that you may keep sending website traffic over to pretty much any type of web site you wish time and time again. It is actually truly a wonderful proposition to basically spend for a top as soon as and afterwards you possess accessibility to all of them for as long as they continue to be on your checklist.
If you don’t have an autoresponder however or even if you have actually been considering beginning your very own e-mail marketing initiatives at that point it’s possibly a excellent concept to check push Aweber’s companies absolutely Software Does Aweber Software Does Aweber Software Does Aweber Software Does Aweber Software Does Aweber Use
Aweber uses a spam radar to determine the likelihood of your email ending up in the junk folders. Aweber is a great email marketing autoresponder for beginners because of its simplicity. Aweber delivers everything you need to start building an email list.On Oct 17, 2001 23:06 +1000, Robert Cohen wrote:>.Just a guess - if you are getting reads that are about the same as writes,then it would indicate that the code is doing "read-modify-write" for theexisting file data rather than just "write". This would be caused by notwriting only full-sized aligned blocks to the files.As to why this is happening only over the network - it may be that you areare unable to send an even multiple of the blocksize over the network (MTU)and this is causing fragmented writes. Try using a smaller block size like4k or so to see if it makes a difference.Another possibility is that with 8k chunks you are needing order-1allocations to receive the data and this is causing a lot of searching forbuffers to freeHOUSTON (May 15, 2017) – The Houston Symphony will screen Jurassic Park, one of the biggest summer blockbusters of all time, as the Houston Symphony performs John Williams’ epic score live at 7:30 p.m. June 15 and 16.
From Academy Award-winning director Steven Spielberg, Jurassic Park follows a group of two paleontologists and a mathematician as they tour an island theme park populated by dinosaurs created from prehistoric DNA. Although the park’s billionaire mastermind assures them the facility is safe, they find out otherwise when the ferocious predators break free and go on the hunt. The film was first in the franchise that has since released The Lost World: Jurassic Park (1997), Jurassic Park III (2001), Jurassic World (2015) and Jurassic World II, set to be released in July 2018.
The film’s score will be perfectly synced to the movie with the help of guest conductor Constantine Kitsopoulos, artistic director of the OK Mozart Festival, Oklahoma’s premier music festival, from 2013-15 and who recently completed an eight-year tenure as music director of the Queens Symphony Orchestra. He is currently the music director of the Festival of the Arts BOCA, an extraordinary multi-day cultural arts event for South Flor.Research is an ongoing process in which people keep asking new questions and looking for new answers.
While I do like the concept of the this frame, in practice I've been struggling with it and it's place in the Framework. I have two major issues with it.
1) Based on the description, it overlaps with other frames to a very great extent. See the How does it relate to other frames? tab for more details. While all of the other frames do overlap in places, each still has a distinct kernel that separates it from the others. I feel that that is missing from Research as Inquiry-- just about every aspect of it is also covered somewhere else.
2) I feel there is a disconnect between the description of the frame and its knowledge practices. The description focus on the idea that research is ongoing and open ended. It talks a lot about how questions are developed and built upon over time both in academia and the world at large. After reading those descriptions, the attached knowledge practices surprised me because they don’t focus on that big picture-- they are very concrete and hands-on and clearly related to students working on their own research papers/projects (scope, research methods, organizing/synthesizing/drawing conclusions from information).
Because of these two issues, I don't find this frame as cohesive or clear as the other frames.
Research as Inquiry has an extremely close connection to Scholarship as Conversation. This is especially noticeable in the first three sentences of the elaboration, which talks about "problems or questions in a discipline or between disciplines that are open or unresovled." It then mentions "collaborative effort" and the how "points of disagreement," "debate and dialogue," and "conversations" play a role in the research process. The wording is strikingly similar what is found in Scholarship as Conversation.
Then there is a second close tie with Searching as Strategic Exploration. Research as Inquiry also focuses on research as an iterative process. It's dispositions focus on the need to keep an open mind, try multiple approaches, be flexible and persistent, and ask for help. These same concepts appear in both the description and the dispositions of Searching as Strategic Exploration.
The knowledge practices are distinct for the most part, but don't have a close tie to the description of the frame.
All the first four Standards have either entire performance indicators our individual outcomes that tie into Research as Inquiry. The reason is that the frame's performance indicators cover both developing/revising research projects and using information in those projects. Those issues were a real focus of the Standards, so there are a great many indicators/outcomes that map to a handful of knowledge practices in the frame. Research as Inquiry also has very broad dispositions related to being flexible and keeping an open mind during research and many outcomes can also be linked to those.
I don't find this frame to be suited to multiple-choice assessment. Neither the focus on the open-ended and iterative nature of research, nor the knowledge practices on scope/research methods/organizing and synthesizing information lend themselves to those types of questions.
Students will be able to identify strong research questions.
Students will be able to match research methods to their descriptions.
Students will be able to describe research methods that are commonly used in discipline X. Also listed under Scholarship as Conversation.
Students will be able to give examples of how research is an iterative process that develops over time.
Students will be able to synthesize information and draw reasonable conclusions from sources.
Students will be able to develop initial research questions/scope of investigation. see research plan rubric.
Students will be able to identify gaps or weaknesses in their own research.
Students will be able to develop initial research questions/scope of investigation.
Students will be able to select research method(s) appropriate to assignment and topic. For upper-level and graduate classes.
Students will be able to revise research questions/scope based on initial results of the research process.
Students will be able to follow multiple lines of investigation.
Students will be able to exhibit flexibility and persistence during the search process. See under Searching as Strategic Exploration.
Students will be able to incorporate information from sources into their own work.
Students will be able to synthesize information and draw reasonable conclusions.
Students will be able to locate information sources that are a good match to their topic. See under Searching as Strategic Exploration.Daily Question, June 21 How does living gratefully inspire you to engage in the world? 24 Reflections Share Click here to cancel reply.Please log in or Create a Profile to post a comment. Notify me when someone replies to my comment via e-mail. Gregoire5 months agoGregoireUnfortunately, I’m not fully living gratefully quite yet. I still allow a dominant circumstance in my life to cause my heart to be restless. In those moments that I allow myself to be fully embraced ingratitude I find joy and contentment. However, that is only achievable when I trust God in all things. 2 Reply Malag5 months agoMalagWhat I cherish is what I look out for so that has some momentum to action outwards. So for example I cherish the world so I am learning more about environmental issues and moving towards being useful in some small way in mitigating what we are doing to the planet. 1 Reply Nikhil Mahindroo5 months agoNikhil MahindrooEngage with humility and compassion 2 Reply Shawn Lupoli5 months agoShawn LupoliLiving gratefully inspires me to spend my time focusing on happy and positive things instead of worry and sadness. It also puts me in the mindset to create more happy moments and gives me energy to overcome problems. 3 Reply Hot Sauce5 months agoHot SauceWhen I see the beauty of all creatures and of the ecosystems of the earth and find myself in a state of wonder at those, it inspires me to want to work for systemic change so that we do not destroy the amazing gift we currently have. I don’t know how, but I would really like to do something to help us move toward alternative energy and forms of technology that preserve life, rather than destroy it. 7 Reply Don Jones5 months agoDon JonesIt is a little paradoxical. Living grateful is not something that I do – it is something I become. But it comes about by things that I do. 5 Reply dcdeb5 months agodcdebMakes me think that things might get better. A change in attitude may bring about changes in my conditions. 4 Reply Emily5 months agoEmilyLiving gratefully inspires me to engage in the world as I feel like I am more able to shine my light on the world and be the best version that I can be so I can be of help to those around me. 5 Reply SK5 months agoSKIt allows me to be content when I’m not engaged in the world. 6 Reply Holly in Ohio5 months agoHolly in OhioGratitude practice opens us, like buds opening to flowers. Here at this site we watch the newbees come here, tightened up, and then start to bloom. Living gratefully for me helps me to both give and receive. I’m able to give of myself in a more open, humble, and gentle way (i hope), and I am able to see and treasure many more of the gifts the world offers, but especially the gifts of people in all their different ways, in all their forms. 4 Reply Carla5 months agoCarlaLiving gratefully leads me to living in closer harmony on the Path led by the Divine. I walk more gently on the planet; my intuition is heightened & spot on; I listen with less reactions. Grace leads the Dance! 3 Reply Katrina5 months agoKatrinaWhen I am aware of gratitude – how grateful I am – there seems to be a natural call & response that is involved. There is something to be said for simply “being” in the grateful moment, but after that, I feel called to invest it in the world around me in some small or larger way. 4 Reply Eileen Grimaldi5 months agoEileen GrimaldiI am grateful for so many things but at this moment, I’m reflecting on the beautiful family and friends that have been placed in my life. We love one another and help each other to grow in love. Today i will try to do something that will strengthen those connections. 5 Reply Patricia5 months agoPatriciaI notice more in my daily life when I’m grateful. Small things, large things, actions, words, a bird, a gesture of kindness — things that otherwise might go unobserved or noticed. My eyes and heart are more open. 7 Reply Ed Schulte5 months agoEd SchulteThe ‘Word of the Day’ “puts light” [ PSYCHICAL LIGHT of course, not the standard outer physical light sources ] to precisely how and what Grate-fulness IS as a function of our light-Love-Life giving Self as BE-ing-ness’s. Word for the Day It isn’t more light we need, it’s putting into practice what light we already have. When we do that, wonderful things will happen within our lives and within our world. PEACE PILGRIM 6 Reply sunnypatti5 months agosunnypattiHaving a gratitude practice encourages engagement with others just by the simple fact, in my opinion, that being grateful reminds us that we are a part of something larger than ourselves. Being grateful puts us in better alignment with God and the universe and mother nature, which brings about natural compassion for the self and others. It seems like a natural occurrence to me… living grateful leads to more engagement with the world around us. I like it! 6 Reply Trish5 months agoTrishEverything & everyone looks brighter & more beautiful when I’m focused on gratefulness. Crisper colors, cherished talents, even a celebration of “quirks” that would’ve sent me running in previous days. Gratefulness invites me to be filled with Grace and to extend it to others which is something I’m truly focusing on these days. When I extend grace my heart opens & my mindset is altered. Good stuff! 5 Reply devy5 months agodevyLiving gratefully allows me to look at all the positive aspects of living, what I have, what others don’t have and perhaps share more the positive thoughts or material things that I have. 5 Reply EJP5 months agoEJPGrateful living inspires me to share my many blessings and to teach others around me the joy of living with daily gratitude. 6 Reply Antoinette5 months agoAntoinetteLiving gratefully energizers me to open up to whatever is happening and a willingness to be of service in any way I’m able. It also aides in connecting me to love and truth at every moment..
After clearing Customs there
After clearing Customs there are carts.
JFK_Specialist
Emirates on JFK
Hi,
I will be arriving at JFK by 8:15 with Emirates. I have seen in April 25 and 26's flight status that Emirates arrival isn't what it was estimated, arriving past 9:00am. Is this always like this?
I plan on taking NYC Airporter from JFK to Port Authority to catch my bus departing at 1:00pm.
Will I have sufficient time?
Thanks
Yes. JFK_Specialist
Yes.
JFK_Specialist
Connecting Time from T4 to T3
Hi Specialist,
I just booked a flight arriving on Emirates at JFK T4 at 8:15am and need to catch the connecting flight on Delta at JFK T3 at 11am.
Will this time be sufficient for baggage collection and recheck-in? Or respectively how much time is normally required for this procedure in case my EK flight gets delayed?
Thanks for your advice!
You have plenty of time to
You have plenty of time to connect. Allow usually 2 to 3 hours between the flights.
JFK_Specialist
Register Professional Equipment.
I am travelling to Mexico for work from Terminal 1. I need to register professional equipment (demo equipment) for the trip.
1) Can i go a couple of days before my flight to Terminal 4 to register the equipment? Or , does it have to be the same day as my flight?
Thanks in advance.
The same day for your flight
The same day for your flight only.
JFK_Specialist
LAN air Peru office hours
I need to go to the LAN Peru office at JFK to take care of some paperwork . I assume they have an office and not just a checkin counter. Correct? Is this located in terminal 4 and what time do they open/close today? Today isSaturday April 7th.... Thanks.
They dont have an office
They dont have an office just check in counter.
JFK_Specialist
Clearing Customs
My husband will be arriving at 2:15 PM from DXB and needs to clear customs. I am driving 5 hours to the airport. For my driving time departure, how much time should I allow for him to clear customs? Thank you.
Around an hour or
Around an hour or so.
JFK_Specialist
Assistance
Hi Specialist,
My wife with two kids ( Kid and Infant) is landing @ Terminal 4 from India to catch up domestic flight @ Terminal 3.
1) I understand the checin baggage needs to pass through customs and re-checkin with Delta. is this service available @ Terminal 4 or should the luggage be carried from terminal 4 to terminal 3 and do check in?
2) Can my wife avail any assistance for doing the luggage check out and re-check in?
1. She will need to check in
1. She will need to check in at Terminal 3 for her second flight after passing Customs.
2. She should get some assistance from airport attendants. JFK_Specialist
transit from terminal 4 to terminal 8
I Will be travelling on ek and landing at terminal 4 from India. I need to catch connecting flight to Raleigh from terminal 8 .
1) do i have to go to immigration at terminal 4 and then go terminal 8 ?
2) do i have to collect checked in luggage at terminal 4 and then to terminal 8 ?
3) approx time taken for this transit .
1.Yes 2.Yes 3.About 2
1.Yes
2.Yes
3.About 2 hours.
JFK_Specialist
Pages
Add new commentJoin our happy subscribers
Telkom SA SOC Limited is a South African wireline and wireless telecommunications provider, operating in more than 38 countries across the African continent. Telkom is a semi-privatised, 39% state-owned enterprise.
Core Description
Competencies
FUNCTIONAL KNOWLEDGE
FUNCTIONAL SKILLS
FUNCTIONAL ATTITUDES
Job Responsibilities
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
- Create and Manage implementation of reactive and planned maintenance activities and ensure ongoing execution by project managing the entire process
- Create and Manage, Standards, Policies, Scopes of Work relating to Facilities & Utilities Management
- Provide input into the property, facilities management and utilities management budget creation, perform costs analysis, ensure all costs are in accordance with budgetary restrictions
- Manage the output of service providers to ensure delivery of service according to SLAs and cost efficiencies for the business
- Achieving compliance to statutory regulations, policies and procedures including conducting inspections, liaising with tenants to assist with non-compliance
- Manage newly vacated premises by conducting take-back inspections and actioning the request to reinstate, ensuring these items are fixed and billed
accordingly and the property is reinstated to an agreed quality and standard
- Liaise with clients, responding to queries in quick turnaround times and generally manage the client-landlord relationship
- To effectively manage relationships with service providers to achieve effective and efficient service delivery in a cost-effective manner and in line with good business and industry practices
- Conduct building inspections to ensure standards are maintained, manage the service providers when areas are not up to standard and escalate when non-conformance
- Monitor and investigate red flags that have been escalated in terms of utility bills
- Monitor utility usage, implement and manage plans to achieve optimized savings
- Reporting as per governance structures
- Manage Facilities, Sustainability and Utilities audits and findings
Required Certification
Qualifications
Experience
Note: Never pay for any training, certificate, assessment, or testing to the recruiter.
Join our happy subscribersDownload complete video now! Badlittlegrrl Solo #04 Like About Share 0 views 0% 0 0 Badlittlegrrl toys, gapes and fists her asshole in solo clip From: onlinegirls Date: October 23, 2021 Anal Acrobats anal blonde Fisting Gaping Prolapse Solo Masturbation Related videos 0 02:00 0% KsuColt Solo #07 0 02:00 0% Alysa, Sheena Shaw, Anna de Ville, Rebecca Black 0 02:00 0% Lexa Lite Solo #05 0 02:00 0% KsuColt 0 02:00 0% Sheena Shaw, Brittany Bardot, Angel Wicky 0 02:00 0% Three-Ring Circus Of Gaping & Prolapse 0 02:00 0% Gaping, Prolapsing Anal Lesbian 3-Way! 0 02:00 0% Cris Bathory, Candy Crush Show more related videos Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName * Email * Website Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.Celebramos está fecha especial dedicada a todas nuestras mujeres valientes y guerreras, no solo a las que hacen parte de cada una de las familias, sino también a nuestras voluntarias que con su amor y compromiso desinteresado nos ayudan a mejorar nuestra labor.
Síguenos!
Comments can i buy diflucan without a prescription clomid 100 mg tablet doxylin
paxil: paxil generic – paxil headache
lasix furosemide 40 mg: buy furosemide online – buy lasix online
lasix 40 mg: lasix – lasix side effects
free money loan
installment loans online
secured loans
very bad credit personal loans
unsecured debt consolidation loans
installment plan
payday loans lenders only
emergency loan
no credit check payday
bank loans for bad credit
payday services
online payday loans tx
my payday loan
new payday loan companies
cheapest tadalafil online uk
direct lender payday loans
viagra canadian pharmacy prices
lending companies
buy female viagra online uk
30 day payday loans
viagra 4 tablets
buy cialis online with paypal
100 approval loans
phenergan coupon
can you buy cialis safely online
illinois payday loans
personal lending
cash advance usa
buy viagra online without rx
guaranteed personal loan
castle payday loans
thecanadianpharmacy
buy genuine cialis
small personal loans bad credit
express cash advance
viagra for less
guaranteed loans
cash advance
loans no credit check
loans for students
loans in colorado springs
amoxicillin 750
apply for
tadalafil 20mg daily
canadian generic sildenafil
tadalafil 5mg
can you purchase viagra in mexico
personal loan fast
cash loans online
need cash today
viagra pharmacy india
bad credit installment loans
get a personal loan
tribal installment loans
buy cheap viagra online canadian pharmacy
best debt consolidation loans
money loans no credit check
cheap generic cialis 5mg
viagra pills for men
where to buy generic propecia
money online
personal loans for people with bad credit
installment
online loan approval
cash fast loan
direct payday lenders only
payday cash
personal loans
albuterol
direct payday lenders no teletrack
cheap personal loans
order propecia usa
fast loan
payday loans bad credit
how to get a loan with bad credit
loans for people with bad credit
canada cialis paypal
fast online loan
buy cialis in singapore
loans at home
spotloan
generic cialis cheapest price
loans in philadelphia
loans contact number
loans without a cosigner
military loans
what is payday loan
sildenafil tablets in india
propranolol 5 mg daily
ventolin hfa inhaler
loan companies for bad credit
instant payday loan lenders
real viagra pills
personal loans 100 approval
personal loans with bad credit
generic cialis canada online
how much is prednisone
loan settlement
safe payday loans
where to buy metformin online
bad credit loans
payday lenders
cheap cialis prescription
loans usa
tadalafil tablets 20 mg cost
large loans
personal loans for poor credit
personal loan no credit check
xenical australia buy
cash advance
no credit check loans
payday loans from direct lenders
buy viagra price
loans com
buy albuterol online no prescription
payday loans no checks
metformin 500 mg uk
apply for a payday loan online
fast personal loans online
payday advance loan
no fax payday loans direct lenders
1000 payday loans
zoloft online no prescription
where can i buy albuterol medicine
retin a gel buy
personal loan
no credit check loans guaranteed
provigil price
loans comparison
can you order viagra online
instant personal loan approval
sildenafil 50 mg tablet coupon
sildenafil 50 mg online
clomid 100 mg
reputable overseas online pharmacies
viagra online canada
sildenafil otc uk
loan estimate
azithromycin buy online
fildena india
can i buy viagra in uk
same day cash
quick cash loans no credit check
synthroid for sale usa
no telecheck payday loans
personal loans poor credit
600mg zoloft
loans online
holiday loans online
payday in advance
cialis price from canada
viagra in europe
buy cheap neurontin online
cash lenders
bad credit unsecured loans
loans for homes
propecia for less
bankruptcy loans
get cash
online pet pharmacy
cipla viagra
generic viagra uk pharmacy
pa payday loans
finasteride prescription
generic cialis cheap canada
cialis in mexico
loan finder
viagra order online usa
where can i order cialis online
poor credit loans
buy sildenafil online cheap
personal loans secured
personal loan template
advance cash loan
generic cialis india pharmacy
loans online
order sildenafil uk
tadalafil generic
buy cialis in usa
bank loan application
debt consolidation loans
alabama payday loans
lisinopril 20 mg brand name
tadalafil tablets 10 mg
cialis 10 mg
can you order clomid online
payday loans online
cialis soft tabs 20mg
sildenafil soft tabs 100mg
viagra online drugstore
tadalafil tablets 20 mg india
legit payday loans
loan consolidation
cash loan now
where to buy cialis online in canada
generic viagra australia paypal
where can i buy cialis over the counter usa
where can i get finasteride
viagra gel for sale uk
pay day loans
payday loans no credit check same day
top online pharmacy 247
uk pharmacy no prescription
sildenafil 150 mg
clomid india pharmacy
payday loans san diego
buy vardenafil with paypal
loans with no credit check
check advance
cialis 100mg cost
how much is viagra online
You’re so interesting! I do not think I have read through anything like this before.
So good to find another person with some unique thoughts on this
issue. Seriously.. thanks for starting this up. This site is
one thing that is required on the web, someone with some originality!
direct payday loan
buy viagra usa online
loan
web loan
best personal loan
sildenafil online australia
cialis 10mg daily use
northwestpharmacy
parent loan
cash
tadalafil tablets for female in india
loan bad credit
best online pharmacy no prescription
i need money now
best price tadalafil 20 mg
payday loans no credit checks
prozac prices
buy female viagra uk
direct online payday loan lenders
get cash now
best viagra pills
can i purchase viagra over the counter in canada
5000 personal loan
generic viagra 50mg online
cash lender
need a fast loan
tadalafil 10
sildenafil soft tabs 100mg
canadianpharmacyworld
generic daily cialis
viagra canadian pharmacy paypal
Hi, after reading this remarkable post i am as well delighted to share
my know-how here with mates.
best price viagra 50mg
cheapest pharmacy for prescriptions
order brand name viagra online
cheap price sildenafil 100 mg
payday installment
trusted canadian pharmacy
loans login
online purchase viagra
stromectol tablets
payday loan lenders
average cost of viagra
where to buy women viagra
ivermectin 2mg
cheap wellbutrin xl wellbutrin – wellbutrin generic price
buy valtrex online cheap
payday loans surrey
personal loans low interest
price of tadalafil in us
online generic prozac no prescription
online pharmacy
This is a topic which is close to my heart… Best wishes!
Where are your contact details though?
tadalafil pills in india
loans with no bank account required
buy viagra online from india
long term payday loan
cheap online pharmacy
best viagra tablet
purchase viagra without prescription
payday loans reviews
buy cheap cialis in canada
cialis 200mg pills
tadalafil 5mg tablets in india
discount online viagra
cialis coupon canada
how do i buy viagra online
viagra prescription price
best payday loans online
average cost of wellbutrin wellbutrin xl – wellbutrin 150 mg discount
cialis lilly
emergency money
cost of diflucan
cheap sildenafil 50mg
cheapest tadalafil uk
buy cialis tablets australia
generic sildenafil 20 mg cost
where to buy female viagra canada
payday mask
sildenafil price singapore
buy cialis usa
small loan
cealis
can you buy cialis online in australia
sildenafil tablets 100mg cost
installment loan calculator
tadalafil 5mg canada
price comparison tadalafil
wellbutrin best price buy wellbutrin – wellbutrin buy online
diflucan 50
generic sildenafil 100mg tablet
where can i get provigil
buy sildenafil 100mg online
hydroxychloroquine 200 mg cost
buy generic viagra online without prescription
viagra gel tabs
where to buy cheap cialis
online pharmacy australia free delivery
personal loan bad credit
how to order cialis pills
cialis medication price
tadalafil prices 5mg
discount valtrex online
sildenafil 1mg
buy amoxicillin 500mg online amoxicillin generic – order amoxicillin 500mg
orlistat tablets south africa
cialis tablet price in india
tadalafil 5 mg mexico
cialis 40 mg daily
cheap generic viagra canadian pharmacy
Hello to all, how is all, I think every one is getting
more from this website, and your views are pleasant in favor of new viewers.
cialis 60 mg price
price of 100mg viagra
tadalafil 20 mg tablet cost
buying furosemide online
medical mall pharmacy
apply for loan
cialis pharmacy uk
tadalafil pills 20mg
ivermectin 6 tablet
cialis from canada no prescription
cialis online prescription order
cheap viagra generic canada
buy viagra mastercard
tadalafil 5mg in india
cialis buy
lowest cost for viagra
viagra sildenafil 100mg
order levitra online uk
where to get over the counter viagra
purchase motilium
payday loan direct lender
sildenafil free shipping
viagra for sale paypal
cialis generic 20mg price
cheapest tadalafil uk
how much is 5mg cialis
levitra 20mg online pharmacy
wholesale pharmacy
allegra 180 mg generic purchase zyrtec – allegra capsules
loans usa
daily cialis coupon
cialis 10mg daily use
viagra pill cost usa
ivermectin 3 mg
cost of viagra generic
Great article, exactly what I wanted to find.
cheap sildenafil 100mg
cialis online cheap
sildenafil daily use
I was suggested this website by way of my cousin. I’m no longer sure whether this submit is written by him as no one else recognize
such unique about my difficulty. You are amazing! Thank you!
tadalafil canada 20mg
debt consolidation loan
compare cialis
order cialis online fast shipping
buy doxycycline hyclate 100mg without a rx flagyl antibiotic – 200 mg doxycycline
how does debt consolidation work
ez payday loans
zyrtec d online purchase zyrtec – allegra 180 mg generic
quick money online free
cheap generic cialis for sale
loans bad credit guaranteed approval
Great article. I am dealing with some of these issues as well..
First of all I want to say superb blog! I had a quick question which I’d like to ask if you do not mind.
I was curious to know how you center yourself and
clear your thoughts?
Thanks!
amoxicillin without rx buy antibiotic – bactrim tablets
Excellent post. I was checking continuously this weblog and I’m inspired!
Very helpful information particularly the final part 🙂
I handle such information much. I used to be looking for this particular info for a long time.
Thanks and good luck.
cialis pro
cialis 1
fluoxetine drug coupon
viagra price mexico? Appreciate it! the time to discuss this subject here on your blog.
Great info. Lucky me I discovered your site by accident (stumbleupon). I have bookmarked it for later!
viagra 37500
tadalafil generic from canada
tadalafil 25mg cheap
Hi there! This article could not be written any better! Looking at this post reminds me of my previous roommate! He continually kept talking about this. I’ll send this article to him. Pretty sure he’ll have a very good read. I appreciate you for sharing!
Hi there superb website! Does running a blog like this take a large amount of work? I have absolutely no expertise in computer programming however I was hoping to start my own blog soon. Anyhow, should you have any suggestions or tips for new blog owners please share. I know this is off topic but I simply wanted to ask. Many thanks!
psychological ed treatment best way to treat ed buy ed pills online
money quick
tadalafil generic price
sildenafil 48 tabs
canada cialis paypal
buy sildenafil 20 mg tablets
5mg cialis
lilly cialis
generic sildenafil canada
buy sildenafil pills
doxycycline online pharmacy
100 viagra pill
metformin hcl 1000mg
cheapest brand name viagra
best viagra over the counter
where to get cialis prescription
where to purchase cialis
Keep on working, great job!
ventolin tablets 4mg
erectyle dysfunction ed pills herbal ed treatment
Asking questions are genuinely good thing if you are not understanding anything completely, however this post gives good understanding even.
buy cheap metformin online
female cialis 20mg.
loans bad credit
loanme
stromectol where to buy
I was excited to uncover this great site. I need to to thank you for ones time for this wonderful read!! I definitely loved every little bit of it and i also have you bookmarked to look at new stuff on your blog.
30 mg sildenafil
sildenafil 55mg
online shopping pharmacy india
quineprox 40
tadalafil india online
apply for loan
20 mg cialis
personal loans guaranteed approval
generic pharmacy online
web loan
payday loans instant approval
payday loans no teletrack check
Pretty! This was a really wonderful post. Thank you for supplying this information.
generic viagra cost!
Great article.
quick cash loans
I have to thank you for the efforts you have put in writing this website. I am hoping to see the same high-grade blog posts from you later on as well. In fact, your creative writing abilities has encouraged me to get my own website now 😉
payday loans idaho
cialis 100mg
35 viagra
express pharmacy
legal online pharmacy
viagra cheap canadian pharmacy
where to get a personal loan
cheap cialis paypal
purchase allopurinol
accutane 40003395956
cost of viagra 100mg in australia
sildenafil for sale canada
order kamagra gel
where to purchase viagra online
I am in fact thankful to the owner of this web page who has shared this wonderful paragraph at at this place.
money advance
An impressive share! I have just forwarded this onto a friend who had been conducting a little homework on this. And he in fact bought me lunch because I found it for him… lol. So allow me to reword this…. Thanks for the meal!! But yeah, thanks for spending some time to discuss this topic here on your blog.
nolvadex bodybuilding
signature loans
Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It actually used to be a entertainment account it. Glance complex to more brought agreeable from you! By the way, how can we communicate?
I’ve been browsing online more than three hours lately, yet I by no means found any fascinating article like yours. It is beautiful value enough for me. Personally, if all webmasters and bloggers made excellent content material as you probably did, the web will probably be much more useful than ever before.
generic cialis 30 mg
sildenafil buy online canada
I love your blog.. very nice colors & theme. Did you create this website yourself or did you hire someone to do it for you?
Plz reply as I’m looking to design my own blog and would like
to find out where u got this from. cheers
best generic tadalafil
cialis best price uk
coupons for cialis 20 mg
tadalafil cheap online 40mg cialis cialis 50mg
loan installment
buy cheap lisinopril
There’s definately a lot to know about this issue. I like all the points you’ve made.
www payday loans
I’m truly enjoying the design and layout of your website.
It’s a very easy on the eyes which makes it much
more pleasant for me to come here and visit more often. Did you hire out a developer to create your theme?
Excellent work!
can i buy viagra over the counter nz
Hello friends, how is everything, and what you want to say on the topic of this post, in my view its truly remarkable in support of me.
sildenafil buy paypal
personal loans for bad credit guaranteed
generic cialis 5mg daily
where can i purchase viagra online
how much is viagra in australia
May I simply say what a comfort to uncover somebody who really understands what they’re talking about on the net. You definitely realize how to bring a problem to light and make it important. More and more people ought to look at this and understand this side of the story. I was surprised you are not more popular since you most certainly possess the gift.
Just desire to say your article is as amazing. The clarity on your post is simply great and i can think you are knowledgeable on this subject. Fine together with your permission allow me to take hold of your RSS feed to stay updated with coming near near post. Thank you 1,000,000 and please carry on the enjoyable work.
order generic viagra online usa
viagra over the counter uk price
4467 cialis
cialis 10mg canada
cialis canada fast shipping
buy cialis online 5 mg
order brand name cialis online
Thanks very interesting blog!
Thanks for one’s marvelous posting! I really enjoyed reading it, you will be a great author. I will ensure that I bookmark your blog and will come back later on. I want to encourage you to continue your great posts, have a nice holiday weekend!
viagra pills pharmacy
payday loans rock hill sc
sildenafil 200mg online
Hello There. I discovered your blog the use of msn. That is an extremely neatly written article. I will make sure to bookmark it and come back to learn more of your useful info. Thanks for the post. I will definitely return.
sba loans
cialis 5mg in canada
direct payday lenders
tadalafil canada price
can you buy sildenafil online
cost of viagra 100mg
viagra online
sildenafil us pharmacy
Thanks very interesting blog!
lisinopril 10 best are generally wasted just trying to figure out how to begin. Any suggestions or tips? Many thanks!
prednisone 20mg nz
canadapharmacyonline legit
Hello I am so happy I found your blog page, I really found you by mistake, while I was searching on Askjeeve for something else, Anyhow jo.
Your style is really unique in comparison to other people I’ve read stuff from. I appreciate you for posting when you have the opportunity, Guess I’ll just book mark this blog.
tadalafil generic otc
sildenafil otc australia
20 mg generic viagra
buy orlistat australia
diflucan tablet price in india
If you want to take a good deal from this paragraph then you have to apply such methods to your won weblog.
What’s up to every body, it’s my first visit of this website; this webpage consists of remarkable and actually fine data in support of readers.
I don’t know if issue with my web browser because I’ve had this happen previously. Many thanks
Nice respond in return of this query with solid arguments and explaining all regarding that.
ivermectin 3mg for lice
vardenafil without prescription
buy ivermectin stromectol
cialis in india price
loans in illinois
Hi there to every body, it’s my first go to see of this weblog; this weblog contains awesome and really fine material for readers.
It’s fantastic that you are getting thoughts from this article as well as from our argument made at this place.
It’s awesome designed for me to have a website, which is useful designed for my knowledge. thanks admin
I was suggested this web site by way of my cousin. I’m no longer certain whether or not this submit is written by him as no one else recognize such detailed about my trouble. You are amazing! Thanks!
cheap sildenafil 50mg uk
160 mg strattera
uk viagra no prescription
10mg viagra tablets
tadalafil 7mg
stromectol where to buy
viagra prices.
advair 230 21 mcg
Pretty nice post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wished to say that I have truly enjoyed browsing your blog posts. After all I’ll be subscribing to your rss feed and I hope you write again soon!
cash advance loans
I used to be able to find good advice from your articles.
Hello, just wanted to tell you, I liked this post. It was inspiring. Keep on posting!
buy black cialis online
canadian neighbor pharmacy
buy viagra discount
cialis generic 20mg
cialis 10 mg tablet
cialis 60 mg price
Hiya very nice blog!! Man .. Excellent .. Wonderful .. I will bookmark your blog and take the feeds also? I am happy to find numerous helpful information here in the put up, we’d like work out extra strategies in this regard, thank you for sharing. . . . . .
whoah this weblog is wonderful i really like reading your posts. Stay up the good work! You know, lots of individuals are searching around for this info, you can help them greatly.
buy cheap generic cialis online
emergency loans no credit
generic stromectol
Appreciate the recommendation. Will try it out.
Great post! We are linking to this great post on our website. Keep up the great writing.
secured loan
sildenafil 105 mg
sildenafil 10 mg tablet
can i buy orlistat over the counter
cheap cialis 5mg australia
tadalafil 5mg buy
Appreciating the time and energy.
viagra how to get a prescription
online short term loans
buy generic 100mg viagra online
personal payday loans
buy viagra online in australia
Hello! I’ve been following your weblog for a long time now and finally got the bravery to go ahead and give you a shout out from Humble Tx! Just wanted to tell you keep up the good job!
online cialis 5mg
I like the valuable info you provide in your articles. I will bookmark your blog and check again here frequently. I am quite certain I will learn plenty of new stuff right here! Best of luck for the next!
Spot on with this write-up, I absolutely believe that this amazing site needs a great deal more attention. I’ll probably be returning to see more, thanks for the advice!
best funds
cialis generic for sale
guaranteed online payday loans
viagra otc uk
cialis pills online
modafinil tablets india
where to buy viagra in usa viagra canadian pharmacy how to get viagra tablets
compare cialis prices uk
sildenafil 130 cheapest price for viagra 100mg cipla viagra
sildenafil 50 mg cost
cheap viagra from india
pharmacy without prescription
female viagra india
where can i order viagra online
vardenafil price
buy cialis online in usa
las vegas payday loans
vardenafil online uk
10mg tadalafil
modafinil 10 mg
price of tadalafil in us
acyclovir 400 mg cost acyclovir 800 mg acyclovir 800 mg price
payday loans on line
Pretty element of content. I simply stumbled upon your weblog and in accession capital to say that I get actually loved account your weblog posts. Any way I will be subscribing for your augment or even I success you access consistently rapidly.
ivermectin 4 tablets price
ivermectin usa
cialis soft generic
sildenafil generic mexico
modafinil paypal uk
amoxicillin 500mg price over the counter amoxicillin amoxicillin and alcohol
tadalafil 30 mg
donepezil brand what is donepezil] donepezil
600 mg modafinil daily
buy kamagra europe!
can i buy real viagra online
generic sildenafil us
amoxicillin price 500 mg warnings for amoxicillin augmentin vs amoxicillin
payday loans no credit check no employment verification
best payday loans
I will immediately seize your rss as I can’t find your email subscription link or e-newsletter service.
Do you have any? Please permit me realize so that I could subscribe.
Thanks.
cialis online canadian pharmacy
ivermectin over the counter
azithromycin 500 mg azithromycin 500mg azithromycin tablet
cefdinir genericsbb cefdinir antibiotic warnings for cefdinir
amoxicillin generic brand
tadalafil 20mg coupon
viagra online shop
average cost viagra
I’m curious to find out what blog platform you’re utilizing? I’m having some minor security issues with my latest site and I would like to find something more secure. Do you have any solutions?
interactions for cephalexin hcl cefalexin interactions for cephalexin hcl
no faxing payday loan
sildenafil for sale india
cost of viagra pills in india
viagra cialis online
I’ve learned a few important things via your post. I will also like to say that there might be situation that you will apply for a loan and never need a cosigner such as a Government Student Support Loan. When you are getting a borrowing arrangement through a traditional creditor then you need to be ready to have a cosigner ready to enable you to. The lenders will certainly base their own decision using a few components but the most significant will be your credit rating. There are some loan merchants that will furthermore look at your work history and choose based on that but in many cases it will be based on on your ranking.
Right here is the right site for anyone who wants to find out about this topic. You understand so much its almost hard to argue with you (not that I actually would want to…HaHa). You certainly put a brand new spin on a subject that’s been discussed for decades. Great stuff, just excellent!
where can you buy generic viagra
over the counter cialis 2018
sildenafil citrate canada
cleocin clindamycin hydrochloride clindamycin phosphate topical
Good day very cool website!! Guy .. Beautiful .. Wonderful .. I’ll bookmark your website and take the feeds additionally? I am satisfied to seek out so many helpful info right here in the post, we’d like develop extra strategies on this regard, thank you for sharing. . . . . .
Thanks for sharing your thoughts on %meta_keyword%. Regards.
augmentin 1000 online
cost of erythromycin tablets erythromycin tablets for sale erythromycin 250 mg cost
Spot on with this write-up, I actually suppose this website needs far more consideration. I’ll most likely be once more to read much more, thanks for that info.
speedy payday loans
fast payday loans near me
There is definately a lot to learn about this topic.
I love all of the points you made.
cheap viagra 25
cialis us pharmacy
buy albuterol 0.083
online cialis no prescription
buy augmentin cheap
generic tadalafil online
fast shipping prednisone
personal loans bad credit
medicine furosemide 40 mg
obviously like your web-site however you need to take a look at the spelling on several of your posts. A number of them are rife with spelling problems and I to find it very troublesome to inform the truth however I will definitely come again again.
I believe that is one of the such a lot vital info for me.
And i’m satisfied studying your article. But want to statement on few basic things,
The website taste is ideal, the articles is in reality nice : D.
Excellent task, cheers
sildenafil pills
Hi! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be okay. I’m undoubtedly enjoying your blog and look forward to new updates.
viagra 50mg
hello there and thank you for your info – I have certainly picked up anything. Ensure that you update this again very soon.
This is very interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I have joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your excellent post. Also, I’ve shared your website in my social networks!
female viagra 100mg
cialis usa over the counter
viagra 100 mg for sale
no fax payday loan
price cialis uk
viagra sildenafil
20 mg cialis best price
money quick
buy cheap generic viagra co uk kamagra oral jelly 100mg
cialis 20mg price in canada
loans tulsa ok
tadalafil canadian prices
cialis buy online india
a payday loan
sildenafil price 50 mg
canadian online pharmacy modafinil!
cialis 2.5 price
buy viagra cheap australia
Helpful information. Fortunate me I discovered your web site unintentionally, and I’m shocked why this accident didn’t happened in advance! I bookmarked it.
online medication cialis
vardenafil order
discount viagra canada
Thanks for your marvelous posting! I seriously enjoyed reading it, you might be a great author.I will be sure to bookmark your blog and definitely will come back in the foreseeable future. I want to encourage you continue your great writing, have a nice holiday weekend!
Hello mates, how is the whole thing, and what you want to say on the topic of this paragraph, in my view its really remarkable for me.
stromectol for humans
buy viagra pills from canada
female viagra without prescription
sildenafil comparison
buy cialis cheap canada
buy cheap sildenafil
tadalafil generic south africa
Excellent post however I was wondering if you could write a litte more on this subject? I’d be very grateful if you could elaborate a little bit more. Appreciate it!
female viagra europe
This is my first time pay a visit at here and i am in fact happy to read all at one place.
buy kamagra oral jelly online uae
Thanks for your marvelous posting! I truly enjoyed reading it, you happen to be a great author. I will always bookmark your blog and will often come back at some point. I want to encourage you continue your great posts, have a nice morning!
Hey there, You have done a fantastic job. I will certainly digg it and personally suggest to my friends. I am confident they will be benefited from this site.
price of viagra in india
tadalafil cheap no prescription
ivermectin lotion cost
stromectol liquid
how to order viagra online
buy viagra online
levitra price in india
buy modafinil uk fast delivery
buy viagra 2013 usa
purchase cialis 10mg
sildenafil 50 mg tablet price in india
rx online pharmacy
cialis 20mg price
prednisone 100 mg tablet
stromectol buy
It’s really a great and helpful piece of information. I’m happy that you shared this helpful info with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.
It’s actually a great and helpful piece of info. I am satisfied that you shared this helpful info with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thanks for sharing.
real viagra online canada
I used to be suggested this web site by my cousin. I am no longer positive whether this publish is written by him as no one else understand such specific approximately my problem. You’re wonderful! Thanks!
Howdy! I understand this is somewhat off-topic but I had to ask. Does operating a well-established blog such as yours require a massive amount work? I’m completely new to running a blog however I do write in my diary every day. I’d like to start a blog so I can share my experience and views online. Please let me know if you have any recommendations or tips for brand new aspiring bloggers. Thankyou!
cost of stromectol
cialis cheapest price uk
brand viagra without prescription
canadian pharmacy com
25mg viagra
can you buy cialis safely online
sildenafil rx
price of viagra 50mg in india
where to get cialis without prescription
I enjoy what you guys are up too. This sort of clever work and coverage! Keep up the excellent works guys I’ve included you guys to blogroll.
Heya i am for the first time here. I found this board and I find It truly useful & it helped me out a lot. I hope to give something back and help others like you helped me.
generic cialis cheap canada
Fastidious response in return of this question with real arguments and telling the whole thing regarding that.
I have been surfing on-line more than three hours lately, but I by no means found any attention-grabbing article like yours. It is beautiful worth enough for me. Personally, if all webmasters and bloggers made excellent content as you did, the web will probably be a lot more useful than ever before.
order cialis online in canada
cheap sildenafil tablets
where to get tadalafil
sildenafil 100mg cost
generic viagra online canada
tadalafil canadian pharmacy online
modafinil prescription uk
where to order cialis
5mg viagra
order stromectol
What you posted was actually very reasonable. However, think on this, suppose you were to write a killer title? I ain’t saying your information is not good, however suppose you added a title to possibly grab a person’s attention? I mean %BLOG_TITLE% is kinda plain. You ought to glance at Yahoo’s front page and watch how they create post titles to grab people interested. You might add a video or a related pic or two to get people excited about everything’ve written. Just my opinion, it might bring your posts a little bit more interesting.
I am regular reader, how are you everybody? This paragraph posted at this website is genuinely fastidious.
lasix 10 mg price.
Hi! I simply want to give you a huge thumbs up for the great info you have right here on this post. I’ll be returning to your web site for more soon.
furosemide 20 mg coupon
tadalafil best price india
cheapest generic sildenafil uk
cialis gel online
cialis pills sale
price of clindamycin
price of viagra in india
viagra over counter
viagra cost mexico
prescription cialis online pharmacy
plaquenil 800mg
tadalafil brand name in india
excellent put up, very informative. I ponder why the other specialists of this sector do not understand this. You should proceed your writing. I’m confident, you’ve a great readers’ base already!
Wow! This blog looks just like my old one! It’s on a entirely different topic but it has pretty much the same page layout and design. Excellent choice of colors!
where to buy viagra in canada
We stumbled over here from a different page and thought I may as well check things out. I like what I see so i am just following you. Look forward to looking into your web page repeatedly..
metformin over the counter canada
stromectol medication
ivermectin generic
tadalafil tablets 20 mg cost
lisinopril 5mg tab
american online pharmacy
cost of sildenafil in india can i buy viagra over the counter in india viagra online rx pharmacy
purchasing viagra in usafemale viagra pill cost buy viagra online australia paypal sildenafil ukbuy viagra montreal
provigil canada price
generic viagra in australialowest price generic viagra female viagra buy online in india viagra brand online
viagra pills for sale canadabest price viagra canada viagra in women buy viagra online no prescriptioncheap generic viagra 150 mg
cialis canada no prescription
buy propecia finasteride online
tadalafil canada 20mg
viagra pharmacy generic
indian cialis
cialis generic 20mg price
where can i buy viagra online without a prescription
cheap cialis 10mg
buy viagra with paypal australia
how to order generic viagra
buy tadalafil in mexico
sildenafil no rx
where can you buy cheap viagra
where can i buy prednisone
80 mg sildenafil
buy cialis online in usa
cialis daily coupon
ivermectin buy onlineOn April 12, the Mayor of Weststellingwerf André van de Nadort (NL/PES)
organised a study visit in his town area, located in the Dutch province
of Friesland, to let the visitors get first-hand experience on climate
adaptation and waste reduction and recycling projects.
The coordinator of the PES group in the European Committee of the Regions,
André van de Nadort (NL/PES), led a study visit of the CoR's Commission for
the Environment, Climate change and Energy (ENVE) in Weststellingwerf, a
town with over 25,000 inhabitants in the north of The Netherlands where he has been
Mayor since September 2017.
Members visited Weststellingwerf's climate adaptation initiative which aims
at increasing resilience to heavy rainfalls and foster the area's capacity
to face floods. After damaging inundations occurred in 1995, the area
invested in mechanisms to increase the capacity to retain, store and drain
rainwater, protecting sensitive areas from floods while giving biodiversity
suitable spaces to expand. The results go beyond improved climate
resilience and include walking paths that have provided citizen's with new
chances to re-experience an area once left to climate vagaries.
Mayor van de Nadort gives more details about Weststellingwerf's climate
adaptation initiative: "Climate change is real and to a certain extent
imposes 'progress' on towns, cities and regions everywhere. All scientific
data and even our own experience tell us that we will experience more
extreme weather events and that we have to adapt our infrastructure, for
example to cope with much heavier rainfall. But the question which we had
to ask ourselves – and not just in Weststellingwerf but all across the
country, has been: do we just build higher flood defences, or can we do
other, more intelligent things? This is why we have opted for an integrated
project where we created new storage ponds for excess rain water including
a hydro-plant facility to clean it, and combining this with creating
additional natural overflow areas. This approach has not just solved the
immediate water problem but has also allowed us to improve biodiversity
protection right next to our town center, creating new green recreation
areas for the citizens to enjoy, and even integrating it with a historic
park from the 19th century."
As part of the study visit, Members visited Omrin, a waste
collection and public cleansing company set up jointly by local authorities
in the Friesland province and specialised in waste recycling and
processing. Source separation and post-separation approaches, a civic
amenity site, second hand shops, education initiatives with interactive
games and cleanup weeks are amongst the actions it coordinates. An
incineration facility produces green electricity and biogas. Concerning
plastics, a waste plant facility opened since July 2018 has succeeded in
treating 65.000 tons of plastics.
Watch here a plastic separation video.
Mayor van de Nadort replies the question: How do the two projects you have
shown contribute to the implementation of the Sustainable Development Goals
(SDGs) at the local level?
The great advantage of the SDGs is that they are all-encompassing. That
means that we can and must address the social, ecological and economic
challenges together to achieve 'sustainable development'. Clearly our
rainwater management project is 'climate action', but it contributes to
biodiversity, green healthy living and thus also to sustainable
communities. Our inter-communal waste recycling plant, which separates
household waste, extracts valuable raw materials for reuse and recycling
and transforms organic waste into bio-gas for climate friendly combustion
engines and heating, addresses another set of SDGs. They also take their
educational role very seriously, organising waste reduction and recycling
competitions in primary schools and thus teaching future generations how to
live responsibly and sustainably – which is what local action all over
Europe should be all about! The SDGs provide a framework for all of us to
work, and the EU will be thinking hard about how to support local and
regional authorities in their efforts. We hope our examples can be
inspiration to others, and who knows, maybe we will also have the
opportunity to use EU funds for future ideas.
This highlight has been produced with the contribution of the policy and
communications team of the CoR's PES group.
In October 2018, the European Committee of the Regions adopted André van de
Nadort opinion on a "
European Strategy for Plastics in the Circular Economy
".
Read here "We need less and better plastics"
, our 'plastics' press release published on 10/10/2018.
49 million tons of plastic were used in the EU in 2015. The packaging
sector uses 39.9% of total plastic production followed by the 'building and
construction' sector (19.7%), the automotive sector (8.9%) and electronics
(5.8%) (EC 2018)
Contact: David Crous |
david.crous@cor.europa.eu | +32 (0) 470 88 10 37tag:blogger.com,1999:blog-8594057670762283940.post3559608195634959199..comments2021-11-23T02:46:12.271+00:00Comments on You are witty and pretty! : I am a GRANDMA now...Britta all we have are boys. Six boys. Could we arran...And all we have are boys. Six boys. Could we arrange a swap?Cro Magnon all of you: thanks for your wonderful comments...To all of you: <br />thanks for your wonderful comments! I apologize sincerely for answering so late, I am really sorry - but my excuse is that I was helping. <br />I fear that I will not blog very much the next time - but will read (in the train to Bavaria or back to Berlin) your lovely blogs. <br />Best wishes, Britta Britta on having THREE new granddaughters...Congratulations on having THREE new granddaughters - how marvellous. You will all have such a lot of fun and great times together. Well done to your DiL and son. Rosemary is wonderful.Congratulations to the big famil...That is wonderful.Congratulations to the big family that you are now.Yael! Wonderful! Wonderful!Wonderful! Wonderful! Wonderful!Joanne Noragon, 3!! Congratulations to you all! So much fun a...Wow, 3!! Congratulations to you all! So much fun and busyness ahead. What will you like to be called by the girls in time? Oma?Pipistrello"Dry Martini?" NEIN! Zwei!". We ..."Dry Martini?" NEIN! Zwei!". <br /><br />We are about to rejoin your Hanseatic community - if we are still allowed...Tom Stephenson you, Emma! I enjoy being a mother very much ...Thank you, Emma! I enjoy being a mother very much (though before I saw me as a "career woman :-) Yes, there will be a lot to do - but also a lot of fun. Wow - you already are a great-grandmother, congratulations! Britta Shawn, thank you! To give the proud parents s...Dear Shawn, thank you! To give the proud parents some time for themselves is one thing I want by helping, but also to experience the excitingly open minds and souls of little children makes me happy. <br />Pictures I will post none - though I am of course bursting with pride about the little beauties. But I respected the privacy of my son&DiL, thus I will also respect their wish not to post photos. Britta Margaret, thank you: I'm looking foreward...Dear Margaret, thank you: I'm looking foreward to these new experiences you mention! Yes, I will help - and am glad that I have that chance, because I love children so much. Britta you, Rachel. Yes - it was a big surprise! Thank you, Rachel. Yes - it was a big surprise! Britta was the first I said when they told me: "...That was the first I said when they told me: "Three?!" - <br />followed by "Drei ist Bremer Recht" - "Three is the due in Bremen" - the motto of my Hanseatic homecity. <br />And then: "All good things come in threes!" They do! Britta wonderful. You will enjoy being a grandmother ...How wonderful. You will enjoy being a grandmother even more than being a mother. Congratulations to your son and his wife. They will have their hands full. This is also the birthday of one of my great-granddaughters.Emma Springfield, Britta! You will be much in dema...Congratulations, Britta! You will be much in demand. Can't wait to see the pictures!Shawn told me how much joy was to be had in becom..!Margaret Butterworth is wonderful news Britta. Amazing.That is wonderful news Britta. Amazing.Rachel Phillips?! Congratulations Britta.3?! Congratulations Britta.Tom StephensonJury finds Apple did not infringe on 'patent troll' WiLAN's wireless tech
AppleInsider is supported by its audience and may earn commission as an Amazon Associate and affiliate partner on qualifying purchases. These affiliate partnerships do not influence our editorial content.
A Texas jury on Wednesday found Apple, the lone holdout in a patent infringement case asserted by WiLAN, to not have infringed on a wireless technology property owned by the patent holdings company, capping off a two-year trial.
WiLAN first brought its case against Apple and a number of other large tech firms in 2011, claiming infringement of U.S Patents No. RE37,802 and No. 5,282,222 relating cellular wireless technologies.
As noted by AllThingsD, aside from Apple, all defendants signed license and settlement agreements to resolve the dispute, including Alcatel-Lucent, Dell, Hewlett Packard and HTC, among others.
With Apple being the only company standing, WiLAN proceeded with a jury trial in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas in Tyler, which has a history of siding with plaintiffs in patent cases.
Just over one week after WiLAN's trial against Apple began on Oct. 15, the jury found no infringement and invalidated two claims from the '802 patent. WiLAN was seeking $248 million in damages.
"WiLAN is disappointed with the jury's decision and is currently reviewing its options with trial counsel, McKool Smith," WiLAN said in a litigation update posted to its website. "WiLAN does not believe previous license agreements signed related to the patents are negatively impacted by this decision.".
In 2007, Wi-LAN sued Apple over its use of Wi-Fi in certain product. The so-called "patent troll" again brought claims against Apple in 2010, claiming infringement of patented Bluetooth technology.§ Lord Bradshaw
asked Her Majesty's Government:
Whether the number of new orders for signalling work by Network Rail is placing design and manufacturing capacity in the engineering supply industry in jeopardy. [HL4070]
§ Lord Davies of Oldham
Network Rail is a private-sector company and so determines its own approach to the procurement of signalling and other assets to deliver best value to the company. The final conclusions of the Access Charge Review 2003 allowed for Network Rail to spend over £2 billion on renewing its signalling assets over the five years from 2004–05 to 2008–09, and also provided for a review of the company's signalling expenditure requirements for 2006–07 and beyond in order to establish a medium-term strategy for signalling. When complete, this should provide signalling suppliers with a clear and stable framework in which to plan their business.Download complete video now! Naturally Arousing Like About Share 0 views 0% 0 0 Sexy brunette Anastasia Brokelyn takes a dick! From: onlinegirls Date: October 23, 2021 21Naturals blowjobs brunette Deepthroat natural tits one on one teen Related videos 0 02:00 0% Nextdoor Brat 0 02:00 0% Seasonless Love 0 02:00 0% Office Romance 0 02:00 0% Ballerina Roleplay 0 02:00 0% Sneaky Romy 0 02:00 0% Orgasmic Moments 0 02:00 0% Selfie Queen 0 02:00 0% Yoga Artistess Show more related videos Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName * Email * Website Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.This week’s Family Newsletter from Assistant Head of School Nate Snow!
Hi WMS Families,
I hope this pre-holiday missive finds you well and un-stressed. Please find attached this weekend’s schedule.
This weekend is a big one here at WMS as both our girls and boys basketball teams play their home openers on Saturday afternoon (home is almost accurate as all of our ‘home’ basketball games are played just down the road at Profile). For our nascent girls team, this is their first game ever and they are very excited! We will provide transportation for students to attend these games, and if you are local and able to attend, please consider coming out to support our teams (Girls tip-off at 2, Boys at 3:30).
It is a good weekend on campus for those who want to be active! Friday night Paula is running a trip to Evergreen Gym, a gymnastics center which has a multitude of trampolines, foam pits and apparatus for kids big and small to play on. They also have recently renovated and reopened their pool. On Saturday, Matthew is running a ski trip to nearby Bretton Woods, the largest ski area in NH. This was one morning that I found myself wishing that we videotaped morning meeting every day because seeing Gabe pantomime figure skating while introducing his Saturday night ice skating trip would have brought joy to all of your mornings. And on Sunday, Campbell is running an always popular trip to the hip college town of Burlington, Vermont. These activities, in addition to the basketball games, holiday activities (both Hanukkah and Christmas related), and at least one big screen retro video game tournament should be enough to keep everyone busy!
While this year is not yet half over (it certainly is going fast!), we are already beginning to look forward to next year. To that end we have posted an “Important Dates” 2013-14 calendar on the school portal. This calendar provides all of the major dates on the school calendar for things like Registration Day, student travel dates, Graduation, Field Courses, and Family Weekends. A full calendar will be available later this winter. The winter sports schedule will also be fully up on the school website later today. We will also post a PDF on the portal as well for those that would like to print a copy. We would love to see as many of you as possible at races, competitions, games and events this season.
This afternoon, WMS is hosting Susanna Gadsby, nurse coordinator at Dartmouth-Hitchcock’s Orthopedic/Sports Medicine Clinic. She will be meeting with faculty and coaches to discuss concussions and concussion management in our students. She will also be meeting with Health Services staff to assist in the development of our new Concussion Management policy. Many states, including NH, have recently passed laws outlining procedures for the management of head injuries at multiple levels. While the NH law does not apply to non-public schools, WMS remains committed to following the spirit of the law in our practice. This includes the development of this plan, the education of coaches and the communication of our policies and procedures to parents. We will be sending out more information on our concussion management plan to all families in the near future. In the meantime, if you have any questions about this, please feel free to contact me or Laura Morse, our Health Services Director.
I did announce this morning (to resounding cheers) that we do, in fact, have another break coming up quite soon. This means we have another round of travel plans to complete. Students will be meeting with their advisors at lunch today so hopefully we can wrap this up for most everyone. If you have travel information to communicate, you can send it to me, Betsie or your child’s advisor. It is incredibly important for us to have this information in a timely fashion so we can ensure the safe and appropriate travel of every student. As we enter into the season where weather may play a greater role in our travel days (though hopefully not!), it is a good time to remind everyone to call the AOD phone (603-616-1528) or me (603-616-2040) with any travel related emergencies or issues if you can’t reach anybody at school (603-444-2928).
Winter Break begins after dinner on Wednesday 12/19, though as usual, most students will leave on Thursday morning. Dorms close at noon on Thursday the 20th and reopen for students at 3pm on Sunday 1/6. Wednesday night is our Holiday Celebration (5PM) to which all families are most cordially invited. Please RSVP to Betsie if you plan to attend this and/or the Community Dinner which follows. Prior to the Holiday Celebration, we also host our campus-wide ‘Big Clean’ event which you are also most welcome to attend (if only for visual proof of how effective moppers, scrubbers and vacuumers your children really are!).
As always, please let us know if you have questions about anything at all during this busy time. Have a great weekend!
Best,
NateHome MBA MBA Colleges Uttar Pradesh Institute of Management Technology - (IMT), Ghaziabad
Last Updated By: Avantika on 28th August, 2021
Institute of Management Technology Ghaziabad, widely known as IMT Ghaziabad, was established in the academic year of 1980. The institute is an unaided private business school recognized by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). It is an autonomous university offering several programs in the field of management and technology. One of the major aspects of Institute of Management Technology is that the institute has also been accredited by AACSB accreditation. The institute has been consistently ranked as one of the best business schools. The main campus of the institute is situated in Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh. Institute of Management Technology has three more campuses in Nagpur, Hyderabad, and Dubai respectively. Out of the three campuses, IMT Nagpur has been conceived as a center for Corporate Excellence, IMT Dubai for International Education, and IMT Hyderabad for Management Education.
National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF) has ranked the institute 31st among management schools in India.
IMT Ghaziabad Highlights
The infrastructure of the campus is spread over an area of 14 acres providing all the basic amenities to its students. The classrooms and hostel rooms are well furnished, properly ventilated, and air-conditioned. The library of the campus has a large stack of books of recent editions. It contains books of the relevant field, journals, and newspapers. Hostel facilities are given to the students coming from out of the city. The laboratories are well equipped with projectors to enhance the learning experience. A playground for Cricket, Volleyball, Tennis, Badminton, Basketball, and Table tennis courts are also available.
The faculty members of the college are extremely qualified and knowledgeable. They use recent technologies to teach their students. The institute conducts various guest lectures where industry experts come and share their experiences.
The course curriculum is exceptionally relevant and is made as per the current trends in the industry. The IMT Ghaziabad Courses include programs at the postgraduate level. The institute currently offers six courses namely Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM), PGDM Executive, PGDM part-time), Post Graduate Program in Management (PGPM), PGDM- Accelerated Career Enabler, and PGDM Dual Country Program.
The first step of IMT Ghaziabad Admissions is to fill the application form by visiting the official website of the institute. The institute does not accept offline mode of application. Candidates seeking admission to IMT Ghaziabad must ensure that they fulfill the minimum eligibility criteria defined by the institute.
IMT Ghaziabad Placements have shown a decent increase over the past few years. The training and placement cell of the institute has collaboration with many reputed organizations. The cell conducts various activities and events in order to bring out the best in its students. The candidates are shortlisted based on their academic performance. Some of the recruiters of IMT Ghaziabad are Emami, Britannia, Perfetti, Pernod Ricard, Diageo, United Brewery etc.
Featured
Ranked 38 out of 100 in NIRF Rankings 2021
Ranked 31 out of 200 in NIRF Rankings 2018
Ranked 37 out of 200 in NIRF Rankings 2020
IMT, Ghaziabad accepts online mode of application. Candidates who wish to pursue their career in the field of Management and Technology can consider taking admission to IMT Ghaziabad. Interested candidates can apply by filling the application form available on the official website of the institute. The institute does not accept offline mode of application; hence the application form filling and payment is to be made online.
The institute offers programs at the postgraduate level in the field of management. IMT Ghaziabad Courses include programs namely Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM), PGDM Executive, PGDM (part-time), Post Graduate Program in Management (PGPM), PGDM- Accelerated Career Enabler, and PGDM Dual Country Program. Candidates can choose the program as per their interest ensuring they fulfill the minimum educational qualification defined by the institute.
Minimum Educational Qualification Required
Having secured 50% marks in aggregate in the bachelor's degree from a recognized university is the primary qualification required by the institute.
Admission to PGDM, PGDM DCP, PGDM Executive, PGDM (PT), PGPM, and PGP ACE at IMT Ghaziabad
Admission to these programs is based on either entrance examinations conducted at the national level or merit list released by the institute.
Application Procedure of IMT Ghaziabad
The institute accepts online mode of application. Candidates seeking admission must visit the official website of the institute in order to register themselves. Following are the steps must be completed by the candidates to apply for admission:
Do You Know About These Changes in CAT Exam? If you are appearing in this exam then read here to get complete details. ...Read more
CAT 2020 Exam Analysis and Changes in CAT Paper Pattern! ...Read more
Quick Tips To Prepare for CAT Exam 2021! ..
Institute provides educational loans for low interests and tution fee waivers for students on need basis. Scholarships in the form of fee concession are also offered to students who excel their academics. Students are advised to contact the admission authorities in the campus for scholarship details and application procedure.
90 Companies
Laya Menon is the Executive Vice-President of Initiative. Before that, she was at GroupM in Bangalore for 15 years.
From 1997 batch, Neeraj Chaturvedi was the Group CEO of Housing.com. Now he is the head of the Marketing of Walmart India.
Harinder Singh, an alum of 2013 batch. He is being appointed as Marketing Head of Diesel India.
Rudratej Singh, an alum from 1996 batch. He is now the president of very esteemed bike manufacturer Royal Enfield.
IMT was ranked 23rd by Business Today's "India's best B-schools 2016" and 17 in India by Outlook India's "Top 100 Management Schools" of 2016.Last Friday morning, I made my six-year-old son cry. Not just a quiet tear or two, but that gasping, rasping weeping that tells you they’re truly upset. How did I make him cry? I shouted at him. Why did I shout at him? Well, here’s the story.
School days. When the kids have to go to school, they know the routine. Get up, get dressed, eat breakfast, brush teeth, put on shoes, grab backpack, get in car. That’s the theory, anyway. Our oldest boy, 10, is well-trained, and does all of this without pushing, prodding, or prompting. Our youngest, 6, not so much.
He plays with his toys, he builds with his Legos. He lingers and loiters and lags behind. He dawdles and dallies, fiddlefarts around. So every day I remind him – repeatedly – of what he needs to be doing to get ready. I suggest that the food in front of him needs to go into his mouth. I note to him that simply having a toothbrush in your mouth while you build a Lego duck does not exactly constitute the actual brushing of teeth. I point out to him that he’s still in his pajamas, and that we need to leave in 3 minutes. And on, and on, and on, on a daily basis.
And so it went that morning.
“G, why are you still in your pajamas?”
“G, please put down the Legos and eat your breakfast.”
“G, you need to get dressed now.”
“G, it’s not time to play with your airplane, you need to get ready.”
“Have you brushed your teeth yet?”
It was this last matter that caused me to become unhinged, to unleash my fatherly fury on his poor unfortunate head. I come downstairs after brushing my teeth, and he’s seated at the dining room table, in his pajamas, with a toothbrush in his mouth like it’s a lollipop and his hands busy building a Lego gun.
Now, I don’t like shouting at my kids, and I certainly don’t enjoy making them cry. I try, sometimes desperately, not to raise my voice at them. I try to model good behavior, as we all know we should. But this pushed me beyond all the limits of my patience, composure, endurance, sanity. At times when I’m pissed at the kids my voice will start off mellow and slow, gradually gaining volume and momentum like a snowball set rolling on a steep slope, as the gravitational force of my own argumentation adds layer upon layer of furor. Not this time. This time I started out at full avalanche ferocity.
And so, the tears. He raced up the stairs to get dressed and finish brushing his teeth, but I could tell that he couldn’t manage the teeth because he was blubbering. And yes, I felt a twinge of guilt. But honestly, not much more than a twinge. Because yes, we shouldn’t shout at our children. But.
What if, occasionally, it’s the only thing that will work? What if you’ve exhausted every attempt at calm, reasoned explanation? What if you just can’t take it anymore, whatever that particular ‘it’ is?
Apparently, research done by Harvard Medical School (and much referenced by parenting websites) shows that shouting can cause as much damage to your child as physical abuse. Tweens and teens are particularly sensitive to being yelled at (no surprise there), and “the paper.”
Much hand wringing by parents, I imagine. (“Oh God, I screamed at little Aiden yesterday and now I’ve broken him.”) Because everyone, at some point, yells at their kids. But I think there’s a critical distinction to be made here – between shouting and verbal abuse. Raising your voice at your children is – at times – simply unavoidable. But calling them names or telling them that they’re “worthless” or “lazy” or “stupid” is not. Do not belittle your children. Do not humiliate them or be hurtful or hateful. But you can, I think, occasionally shout at them. Here’s why.
First of all, repressing your emotions doesn’t eliminate or diminish them, it simply bottles them up, like a volcano long overdue for an eruption. When the blast finally comes, it’s liable to be cataclysmic. It’s important that kids see their parents expressing normal human emotions, and while anger is not especially pleasant or attractive, it is perfectly natural.
Secondly, other people are going to yell at your children. It might be a boss, a friend, a partner, a coach. If they collapse every time someone raises their voice at them, life is going to be very difficult indeed. I’m not saying that you should somehow “toughen up” your children by going full on drill sergeant on them, but they need to know that not everyone in this world is going to speak to them as though they’d just swallowed a plush doll panda and washed it down with Valium-laced unicorn juice.
Thirdly, it might be a positive lesson in empathy. Alicia Clark, a psychologist and professor at the Chicago School of Professional Psychology, says, “For children who are in grade school and older, expressing your emotions to them even while yelling can be positive. They learn empathy. And it’s an opportunity to teach children to separate what is being said from how it is being said.” They understand how much they’ve upset you, understand in what way they’ve upset you, and hopefully can see your side of the issue.
So after the little gremlin had gotten ready for school and we were in the car to school, I apologized. Which, I think, is important. We should never shy away from apologizing to our kids. We screw up. They screw up. If we want them to own up to their faults and missteps, we should do the same. I went on to outline why I’d gotten so upset, and asked him if in the future he could do everything in his power to get ready for school without undue distraction and dilly-dalliage. He (tearily) nodded.
Monday. This morning he was up, dressed, ate his breakfast and brushed his teeth diligently. He was happy, I was happy. Do I attribute this to last Friday’s events? Yes. Will it last? We’ll see.
14 thoughts on “Is it OK to Shout at Your Kids?”
Pingback: 5 – Levels of Crossisity? – How to bring up adults
HI, – thanks for your interest. Sorry you would have been disappointed at my blog – its very early stages for me trying to get into this. I am still writing up that story I referred to but will publish soon. I think its a great idea to share stories and generally get other peoples perspectives on these very important issues and I have enjoyed yours and am trying to learn how to do this.
Jeremy
Pingback: The Hardest Word: Saying ‘Sorry’ to Your Kids | Field Notes From Fatherhood
‘”I come downstairs after brushing my teeth, and he’s seated at the dining room table, in his pajamas, with a toothbrush in his mouth like it’s a lollipop and his hands busy building a Lego gun””
Hehhehee. You know, because I read that, I can visualise it and its actually quite funny… :p I know, I know, it wasnt that funny when it happens to you. You are OK, the kid will be OK…it’s not like you do it all the time!
My kids are the same…sometimes, gentle does not work and no matter how hard I try to keep calm, they seem to be asking for a scream! It sounds bad, but as parents we could only try..and sometimes, that ends in shouting. I suppose when they are 16, I’ll get the door slammed in my face too! (though I hope not!)
I like what Jeremysadler said about counting the levels..I think I should try that next time!
LikeLiked by 1 person
I’m already seeing hints of adolescence in our ten year-old. The occasional sullen expression, the impatience, the touch of scorn. I’m not looking forward to the teen years, but I don’t think doors will be slammed in my face. But who knows? Thanks for visiting, Ann.
Pingback: Is it OK to Shout at Your Kids? — Field Notes From Fatherhood | Honor Dads
I try to fend off serious shouting incidents with the warning that I am getting very cross and don’t want to start shouting but unless x,y or z happens right away that is what will happen. By the way, as we have 4 kids all heading out the door and a very hectic morning routine as a result, I printed out a list of what needs to be accomplished each morning before leaving for school (with clipart pictures for young readers) for each child and we then heap on the praise for any children who manage to tick all the items off the list in a timely manner… I think it helps but I still shout though 🙂
Wow, a checklist complete with clipart. That’s the kind of stuff I should, but fail to, do. I just have a verbal litany that I repeat ad nauseam – Get up, get dressed, eat breakfast, brush teeth, put on shoes, get in car. I don’t know how many hundreds of times I’ve chanted this. I hate shouting at my kids – but you know what? The little one has been much, much better since that day. Should you do it? Probably not. Does it work? With my kids, yes.
Hey, thanks for visiting and leaving a comment – I appreciate it. Hope to see you soon.
As I read this, I thought of my son. He’s 3 years old (4 next month), but by the time we leave the house for preschool, I am exhausted. The amount of talking I have to do, the chasing him around, etc can really wind me up. I can understand why you shouted. Thank you for this post.
Sometimes we shout, Persia. I don’t like to do it, but hey, I’m human. I can only say it gets easier as they get older, so you can think of that as consolation. And you’re welcome for the post. Thank YOU for visiting!
LikeLiked by 1 person
You are not alone. I have two daughters, a 9 year old and a 10 month old. I studied psychology at university and have always been interested in the nature vs nurture, the process of inculcating values into others… but I get pushed to the limits sometimes. We are preparing our kids for the real world, not some liberal arts world where failure is celebrated and Donald Trump is only a TV personality. If there are no sharp edges, we don’t really learn. There are sharp edges in the world, and there are sharp edges on parents.
They say the difference between good parents and poor parents is whether you have ever bought a book on parenting. It actually matters very little whether the parent reads it. The intent to be a good parent is enough.
LikeLiked by 1 person
Hi Conor! Wow, big difference in age between your kids. I bet that’s tough sometimes. Regarding nature v nurture, I was always in the nurture camp – until I had kids. Now that I see how different our boys have been right from birth, it seems to me that a large part of and individual’s personality is genetic. You might be interested in this one:
We had stacks of books about pregnancy and early childhood, but it’s been a long time since I’ve bought a parenting book. I was thinking about writing one, instead. Hey, thanks for reading and taking the time to comment. Hope you’ll visit again!
LikeLiked by 1 person
Excellent story, and a great lesson too. reminds me of my daughter at around that age who declared that I went from level 1 straight to level 5 (of crossness) with no warning. Well I thought I was giving her plenty of reminders and hints, but I clearly wasn’t. So from then on I began actually using the numbers, “I’m getting to number 3 now!” – and it helped us both through that stage.
Great research too. no-one can believe that keeping calm and lying about ones feelings to ones children is going to be good psychologically !
Thanks for the reminder.
jeremy
()
LikeLiked by 1 person
Hi Jeremy! Thanks for your thoughts. I think the DEFCON thing is a great idea. I’m going to have to steal that one. I’m going to hop on over to your blog now and poke around. Cheers!
LikeLiked by 1 personMaria J. Żychowska
Cracow University of Technology
Abstract:
Father Piotr Cholewka was born in 1922 in a Silesian village of Marciszów near Zawiercie. In 1925, his family emigrated to Barlin in northern France. In 1943 he entered the Benedictine monastery of Wisques. In 1961, a papal indult authorized him to pursue studies and work outside the cloister.
He took on stained glass in 1953. He used traditional techniques and employed reinforced.
In Poland, he first appears in 1992 to present exhibitions of his creative output of 40 years entitled Beauty Shall Save the World. Their purpose is to show contemporary art, understood as abstract representation whose meaning and content is hidden under a composition of colourful blots. The only ensemble of stained-glass windows by Father Cholewka to be found in Poland is that present in the church of Saint John the Baptist in Kupno, near Kolbuszowa, produced between 1997 and 1998.
Keywords: stained-glass windows, art, abstraction, technique, Piotr Cholewka
——————–
Stained-glass art in Poland has long suffered from the lack of acceptance and understanding of contemporary trends among the general public. Jan Stanisław Pasierb once commented: “in Polish culture, for all its fascination with variously conceived »modernity«, there still persists a love for traditional forms, as well as an underlying mistrust of foreign thought”.[1] Hardly an isolated phenomenon, this mistrust is characteristic of our continent at large: “In Europe, despite all the intellectual ferment and the creativity of its residents, culture is primarily a continuity of tradition.”[2] And yet, any declaration, or so much as a suggestion, of one’s preference for figurative art with its meticulous drawing, over abstraction, is nowadays considered as nothing short of sacrilegious. It is not unusual to hear a disparaging remark: “But this is figurative. Whoever orders this sort of thing these days?” Still, it is not a general rule. Artists differ in their judgment of the aesthetic preferences prevalent among the public. Konrad Kucza-Kuczyński and Andrzej Miklaszewski, for instance, maintain that: “as a general rule, both parish priests and their parishioners seem to have a liking for modern art, so much so that they will often accept an actual avant-garde painting inside the church. Take for example the church in Nowe Tychy decorated by Jerzy Nowosielski. The church is widely acclaimed as remarkable, also by foreign architects.”[3] Elżbieta and Andrzej Bednarski concur: “like most artists, we work on commission. Our patrons differ in the degree to which they try to impose their vision of form, content and deadline, but we believe that we must always seek to meet their expectations. It does not limit our artistic freedom as much as you would think; on the contrary, it often inspires us to overcome new challenges. At worst, it takes away some of the pleasure from the process. We always have complete control over the form of stained glass we design and produce; not so much over its content, especially if it is commissioned by the clergy, who tend to prefer figurative solutions and shun abstract art. The underlying assumption is that abstract representations would be incomprehensible to parishioners, whose money, after all, is used to finance them. It is difficult to agree with this view. We believe that abstract compositions placed in stained-glass windows can exert a much more powerful effect on the viewer than the best of holy images; they fit in with the interior more easily, help create its atmosphere, and underscore the sacredwith the luminosity of their mystical colours.”[4]
Critics continue to insist that society should be educated to receive and understand contemporary art along with its abstract, processed form. However, when all reasoning fails, we should ask ourselves whether it is indeed necessary to shove incomprehensible messages down the public’s throat. Perhaps we could look for valuable solutions in more traditional currents, which are acceptable to the man in the street. It would be ill-advised to disregard objective reports of the predominant social preference for comprehensible art. Practice shows, after all, that a substantial majority of stained-glass pieces are traditional in style, and designers, quietly but consistently, adhere to the traditional canons of figurative sacred art, not necessarily out of conformism or a desire to sell their work.
[member]
The best art has always been elitist and will likely remain so. In sum, it seems that we have our own specific aesthetic preferences in Poland, different from those prevalent in Germany and France, where stained-glass windows produced since 1945 have been exclusively modern in style. Artists in these countries are vying to come up with ever more innovative formal and technical solutions, and traditional figurative stained-glass art is now a closed chapter.
In Poland, year 1992 marks the appearance of Father Piotr Cholewka. Piotr Cholewka believes that everyone should „acquire an ability to perceive […] beauty in the world”[5]; he understands the world’s images as completely abstract representations, whose meaning and content should remain hidden under a composition of colourful blots. He is convinced this is the best way to convey messages. When couched in an abstract form, he argues, certain religious concepts and ideas can be easily perceived even by children; no other type of art is better suited to our times. The various historicisms of our era cannot truly represent modern art.
Over the eighteen years of Cholewka’s presence in Poland, many towns have hosted exhibitions entitled Beauty Shall Save the World, which present his creative output of 40 years. Their essential theme is focused on religious representations realized in stained glass.
Father Piotr Cholewka was born in 1922 in a Silesian village of Marciszów near Zawiercie. In 1925, his family emigrated to Barlin in northern France. He passed his final high-school exam in philosophy at the lower seminary in Cambrai in 1943, and soon after entered the Benedictine monastery of Wisques, where he was ordained as a priest seven years later. In 1961, a papal indult authorized him to pursue studies and work outside the cloister. He spent the following two years in a Carmelite monastery in Brussels. In 1963, he completed an internship at the Office of Urban Planning in Bordeaux, and went on to graduate from the Catholic University of Lyon with a degree in sociology. Between 1971 and 1987, when he retired, he worked first as a drafter, and later as a documentalist, at the Office of Spatial Planning and Urban Development of the New City of Melun-Senart on the outskirts of Paris. From 1987 to 1990, he acted as the spiritual tower of strength to the Polish émigré community associated with the Solidarity movement in and around Paris. He now lives in Lieusaint, where he serves as a chaplain at a local old-age home.
Piotr Cholewka recalls that he embarked on his creative path in the ceramic workshop of the abbey of Wisques, where he collected his first valuable experiences. He took on stained glass in 1953. He used traditional techniques and employed. Many are located in the north of France, primarily in areas inhabited by large clusters of the Polish community, e.g. in the Polish Saint Stanislaus Church in Calonne Ricouart (1958), in Verlincthun, which holds a stained-glass depiction of Saint Roch (1953), and in Helfaut, with a stained-glass window portraying Saint Barbara (1957).
Very important are also the traditional stained-glass windows in the Church of Saint Curé d’Ars in Arras (1962). The foundations of the church were laid in 1954 and the structure was officially consecrated six years later. Jan Gondolo, the architect, had designed it in the form of a tent. An impressive stained-glass representation of the Holy Trinity filled the triangular space in the facade over the entrance. Other windows were placed around the single-nave interior of the church. This modern architectural form created a perfect framework for the presentation of abstract stained-glass windows. Piotr Cholewka commented: “the mere combination of the »harmony of colour« with suggestive graphic designs assures the immediate legibility of the spiritual message contained in every non-figurative piece of art!”[6]
Between 1963 and 1971, Father Cholewka paved the way for new technology, as he began using polyester as raw material. One example is furnished by windows in the baptismal chapel under the belfry of the church of Saint Luke in Lyon, which were created in 1962. Again, these non-figurative images influence churchgoers through the symbolism of luminous colours: “Blue was the symbol of heaven; it represented the spiritual and the supernatural […] Dark brown expressed passion and death, and light red – resurrection. Yellow stood for the light of the Holy Spirit.”[7] Stained-glass windows are not the only works by Father Cholewka in the church of Saint Luke. Sometimes he also designed other elements of the interior, such as altars, tabernacles, crosses, candlesticks, pulpits, ceremonial chairs, and mural paintings.
In the church of Saint Wulganus in Lens, stained-glass windows produced to the design by Piotr Cholewka were realized in the dalle de verre technique (1963). Much like his other works, they are abstract and speak only through light, colour, and the extraordinary dynamics of lines – „thanks to the sophisticated structure of profiles […] used in assembling the pieces of glass in the windows”.[8]
The only ensemble of stained-glass windows by Father Cholewka to be found in Poland is that present in the church of Saint John the Baptist in Kupno, near Kolbuszowa, produced between 1997 and 1998. These are again entirely abstract representations, whose meaning and content is hidden under a composition of colourful and suggestive blots. The original composition fills the church mainly with colour and thus builds the atmosphere of the interior.
An important feature of Piotr Cholewka’s work is his use of mass-dyed blown glass. Slates of variable thickness vary greatly in the intensity of colour, and air bubbles frequently show through; the surface is uneven, marked with dents and ridges. The special way in which these pieces of glass disperse light endows it with a truly unique quality. It is this particular feature that Piotr Cholewka exploited when designing the windows of the church in Kupno.
The church of Saint John the Baptist in Kupno was built between 1914 and 1920 in the style of the so-called Vistulan neo-Gothic.[9] The interior is decorated with ornamental figurative polychromes dating from 1962 to 1963 designed by Wacław Taranczewski, which, unfortunately have not survived to this day in their original form.[10] In 1997, the first stained-glass windows designed by Father Cholewka were introduced; thematically, they were devoted to The Mysteries of Faith.[11]
The artist explains that he employed three basic colours: blue, red and yellow, to symbolize the sky, blood and the sun,[12] respectively, and combined them with a wide palette of green shades. In the most prominent part of the church, the chancel, a triptych depicting the Mystery of Incarnation, Mystery of Salvation and the Works of the Holy Spirit was placed. Through their contrasting colourful blots and the extraordinary harmony of abstract forms, these stained-glass windows serve to awaken spirituality and encourage reflection. The intention of the artist was to imbue them with multilayered content and rich symbolism. Let me quote from his description of the stained-glass window dedicated to the Mystery of Incarnation. The composition is dominated by “a red mass (red represents blood, life, birth, life’s dynamics, work, and activity, but also suffering and death). With an imperial stroke, a red hand reaches down from the sky (dark blue) to the earth below and touches the red, outstretched wings of an angel, who turns towards a veil shaped like a woman’s head. The head belongs to Mary, its blue colour symbolizing the saintliness of the Immaculate Virgin, and reveals vernal expanses of green and yellow, symbols of the glory and hope in conceiving the Son of God (green represents spring, while yellow stands for the shining light of Glory).”[13]
Two stained-glass window cycles in the side naves depict events from the life of Saint John the Baptist, the patron saint of the church. On the eastern side, panels portray the annunciation of his birth and his childhood. In accordance with the classical principle of stained-glass art, the windows are dominated by cold shades; the composition is tranquil, cheerful, with rather small blots which lack dynamism and intensity. It radiates tranquillity, moderation and harmony. On the western side, panels depict Saint John’s active life and death. Warm shades dominate. The colour scheme alone makes these windows dynamic; greater spots with slanting edges additionally attract attention. Two of these depictions are cut in half by a blue streak symbolizing the River of Jordan (The Baptism of Christ, Encounter by the River of Jordan). The Baptism of Christ visibly stands out from the ensemble; it is composed of three powerful areas of colour: two red blots with shades of green showing through and one distinctive ribbon of blue cutting through the painting from top do bottom.
The most expressive of the windows, however, is the stained-glass panel entitled The Confession of Faith, placed in the choir behind the organ, just over the entrance, to serve as “an evangelical symbol of the life of the Church”.[14] The centre of the window is dominated by red; the vivid background employs a wide palette of yellows.
The frescoes of Wacław Taranczewski and the stained-glass windows of Father Piotr Cholewka together helped create an interesting sacred interior far away from large city centres, in a church with ordinary architecture. While the original frescoes were destroyed, the windows, despite minor technical defects, still shine as a significant achievement, which has not yet been adequately known or appreciated. They stand as a living testament to creative ability and symbolize changes in the attitude towards abstract art, so often seen as difficult in reception.
Let us pause at this point and make a remark, even if it is not directly related to the stained-glass windows of Kupno. It is common knowledge that man struggles with the passage of time; this struggle is also manifested in art. The powerful urge to leave behind a timeless trace is easily understood and we can find its numerous material expressions in history. The urge is shared in common by the commissioner and the artist. Even “the Sigismund’s Chapel at the Wawel Cathedral became the site of a duel between the artist and his patron, both vying for fame and glory. Bartolommeo Berrecci, the artist, hid his signature among the ten angelic heads in the dome, that is, the symbolic heaven, high above the tombstones of the royal sponsors of the chapel.”[15] It is no different in our times, except that today only the select few ever get a chance to leave their own inscription. This explains why, whenever an opportunity presents itself, some seize it with excessive zeal, which often leads to self-commemoration in disregard of architectural demands, and the specific capabilities, skills, and predispositions of the artist. This excessive ambition often stems from an exaggerated conviction of one’s self-worth and the infinite value of one’s achievements. A certain lack of humility and empathy, and a reluctance to co-operate can be observed not just among stained-glass artists, but also in architecture. Fortunately, the phenomenon is still marginal. It is to be hoped that it will soon pass, to the greater benefit of contemporary art.
[/member]
Translated by Urszula Jachimczak
[1] J.S. Pasierb, Światło i sól, Paris 1983, p. 50.
[2] Ibidem, p. 30.
[3] Z. Jazukiewicz, Sztuka kompromisu, in: “Przegląd Techniczny” 13, 1997, p. 13.
[4] E. Bednarska, A. Bednarski, “Odpowiedzi na pytania” zadane przez M. Tokarczyka dla MURATORA, typescript, owned by the author.
[5] Witraże w Kupnie. Katecheza piękna światła, texts by: P. Cholewka, K. Ivosse, Lieusaint 2004, p. 53.
[6] Ibidem, p. 6.
[7] Ibidem, p. 54–55.
[8] Ibidem, s. 7.
[9] (last accessed on 15.09.2011).
[10] Wacław Taranczewski used his experience in easel and mural painting to create polychromes in many Polish parish churches, e.g. in Tarnów, Poznań, Nienadówka, Cmolas, and Góra Ropczycka. His final project was the creation of monumental mural paintings in the church of Saint Nicholas the Bishop in Bochnia. In 1965, to celebrate the approaching millenary of the baptism of Poland, he designed stained-glass windows for the Archcathedral of Saint John in Warsaw. He produced designs and cartons for all windows, a task which took him more than ten years to complete.
[11] They were produced by atelier “Inco-Veritas” from Wrocław.
[12] Witraże w Kupnie. Katecheza… (ft. 5), p. 10.
[13] Ibidem, p. 11.
[14] Ibidem, p. 24.
[15] Pasierb (ft. 1), p. 60.This Is Why Hack Generator Is So Famous And Also You Must Know About It Currently!
There are some sites that ban users from using their generator if they do not use it correctly. This is the case for many shady companies that are trying to get a foothold in the on the internet world. To safeguard their online reputations, they make their internet sites show up even more reputable by imposing a couple of constraints on their material. Yet you can also get around those constraints by finding out just how to make use of a hack generator. It’s really easy and straightforward.
Nevertheless, it is very important to remember that the hacking procedure does not produce any type of outcome. The game’s programmers are usually smart sufficient to camouflage the reality that they can not make any profit. The best means to prevent such a situation is to stay clear of such web sites. Beware of rip-offs and fake hacks. They will try to tempt you into downloading phony software or malware. The very best means to keep away from these web sites is to prevent them totally. coin master free spins and coins 2021
A hack generator works by modifying the computer code. It can be a manuscript or an entire website. The code created will certainly be kept on a web server. The software will then develop a game setting that will certainly be utilized by the individual. This makes the game’s programmer to produce unrestricted quantities of game sources for the customer. While the latter approach is a lot more reasonable, on-line hacking is still dangerous. The major objective of a hack generator is to see to it that the customer is not manipulating the system.
A hack generator is an online program that allows the individual to customize the computer system in order to obtain unrestricted quantities of online money. These programs also allow you personalize your video game settings and also add brand-new alternatives. They can be valuable for those that want to experiment with new means of generating cash on the net. In the long run, these sites will assist you make your pc gaming experience much better. These sites have a big area of individuals that share the very same objective – to aid gamers play far better.
While on-line exploits are a legit means to produce a hack in an on the internet game, they are likewise not rip-offs. These internet sites can be totally fake and just exist to swipe a customer’s cash and details. They can require individuals to log right into a fake web site in order to access to their account. If you’re seeking to obtain more totally free stuff in your games, you ought to look for hacks on the internet. An excellent hack is something that’s 100% totally free!
A hack is a software program that helps players in a game without being discovered as disloyalty. A hacker is an individual who utilizes the hacking device to obtain even more Diamonds and Coins. This hack can be made use of to access to a video game web server that’s not available in the real life. It is essential for you to make use of an excellent hack for this software application to be effective. This device can aid you obtain one of the most coins and get the very best experience. gta 5 money hack xbox 360 download
A hack generator is a computer system software application that allows the customer to make a web site or other web site easily accessible to the general public. You can utilize it to gain access to info. All it takes is a couple of seconds to begin a hack generator. The procedure can take up to a min. It’s a matter of waiting on the procedure to complete. If you have an online organization, you can generate income from your blog site. It is very important to begin. You can market or hand out your products and services.
A hack generator is a software application device which makes it possible to hack other web sites. It utilizes a basic formula and also works by changing a few variables on the source code. You can use it to create various types of message. For instance, you can use it to generate different type of cursed message. Sometimes, it even permits you to transform the number of personalities on the base personality. When you have gone into a code, the software program will create an arbitrary string for you.
There are a few means to find a hack. The very first is to try to find a web site that has a ‘generator’ switch. This will allow you to go into an individual name and click on a switch to produce an endless amount of money. After that, the generator will certainly create the number of coins you require. Once you have actually generated the quantity of coins, you can acquire them with a few clicks. You can additionally browse on Google and see the leading results for a hack.
Another means to find a hack is to search for fake ones. These programs normally pay publishers for finished studies and also acquired apps. They will ask you to complete human verification, which can lead to a great deal of illegal activity. Nonetheless, this is a more serious issue. It’s important to prevent scams if you wish to get a legit hack. If you are a normal player, you can attempt a genuine video game hack. You might discover a phony one as well as save on your own time. dragon ball z dokkan battle hack lucky patcher
There are a few scams available. Most of them can be traced with YouTube. These websites are targeted at luring unwary gamers to download their generator. Then, you require to be cautious. It is best to steer clear of from them. There are a lot of official hacks readily available online. These programs may look a whole lot a lot more convincing. The good news is that they are easy to discover. They deserve a shot.Rank
N/A, it has 3 views
Author(s)
Type
Ongoing
Briefly about Beauty And The Beast Girl manga:The monster girl slowly begins to love the blind girl, and goes on a date with her. It's a cute, happy story about a friendship developed between a human and an otherworldly monster in a wheelchair."Scans reveal fast-rising infections of PCs with hacking tools allegedly developed by the NSA
Security researchers' scans reveal hundreds of thousands of PCs already compromised - and infections rising by tens of thousands every day
Tools supposedly developed by the US National Security Agency (NSA) leaked early this month by the Shadow Brokers hacking group are being used in attacks on Windows PCs. The tools, released to the openGlen Kamara takes part in crossbar challenge in training
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you’ve consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. More info
Aston Villa’s new head coach Steven Gerrard wants to take Rangers star Glen Kamara with him to Villa Park, according to reports. Gerrard was appointed Villa boss on Wednesday, ending his three-and-a-half-year stay at Rangers. And he is already planning for the upcoming January transfer window.
Villa are currently 16th in the Premier League table, so Gerrard’s first task is to move the club away from the relegation zone.
The Midlands club spent big in the summer following the £100million sale of Jack Grealish to Manchester City.
But the new signings are yet to take off in a Villa shirt.
Gerrard will look to add players of his own at the earliest opportunity.
JUST IN: West Ham can sign Jesse Lingard in cut-price deal but Man Utd have Newcastle hope
And the Daily Record says Kamara is near the top of his wishlist.
Gerrard signed Kamara from Dundee in 2019 and the Finland international became a key member of his Scottish Premiership-winning side.
Kamara has already made 122 appearances for the Gers, scoring five goals.
He came through the academy at Arsenal and made one appearance in the League Cup before leaving in 2017. Levy as Man City plan bid [TRANSFERS]
The defensive midfielder has been linked with Villa in the recent past and the Record claims Gerrard’s arrival is set to speed up a deal.
Kamara is not the only Rangers player Gerrard has also been linked with.
Winger Ryan Kent is also a target for the 41-year-old former England captain.
Gerrard knew Kent from his time as Liverpool academy coach and took him to Rangers in 2019.
The Record claims a deal for Kamara would be easier as the groundwork has already begun on that transfer.
Following his appointment, Gerrard thanked Rangers but also shared his delight at his new venture.
“Aston Villa is a club with a rich history and tradition in English football and I am immensely proud to become its new Head Coach,” Gerrard said.
“In my conversations with Nassef [Sawiris],[Working Groups] Data Call – July 23, 2014
The Continue reading →
As we celebrate the Centennial of
St. James Cathedral, 1907-2007,
let us pray with the saints and angels,
and join in their triumphant hymn of praise!
Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us!
Holy angels of God, pray for us!
Saint Joseph, pray for us!
Saint Anthony of Padua, pray for us!
Saint Thérèse of Lisieux, pray for us!
Saint Patrick, pray for us!
Saint Frances Cabrini, pray for us!
Saint James, pray for us!
All holy men and women, pray for us!
______________________________
Hail, Mary,
you who care for the pilgrim Church
with a mother’s love!
For one hundred years
the faithful have sought your intercession
in this Cathedral Church;
for one hundred years
you have been for them
Mother most admirable,
Mother most merciful,
Mother most powerful,
Mother of grace and good counsel.
Pray for us, that we may receive Christ
as you did, with simplicity, trust, and love.
Pray for us, that our celebration
of the Centennial of St. James Cathedral
may be a time of joy and hope
for each of us and for all those
whose lives touch ours. Amen.
Mother Cabrini,
in the name of Christ,
you ministered to those most in need
in this community:
the orphan, the immigrant,
the sick, the poor, the imprisoned.
You saw Christ in them;
and they met Christ in you.
Pray for us, that we may serve
all who come to us in need
with wisdom, compassion, and love.
Pray for us, that our celebration
of the Centennial of St. James Cathedral
may bring us closer to the Lord Jesus
who is in our midst as one who serves. or stranger.
Holy Saint Patrick,
as we celebrate the centennial
of this Cathedral church,
pray for us, that we may grow
in unity and peace with one another
and that Christ Jesus
may guard and guide us all our days.
Amen.
St. Patrick(pictured above in the stained-glass window by Charles Connick,
1918-19) was one of the favorite saints of Bishop Edward J. O’Dea,
who built St. James Cathedral.
The “Lorica,” or “Breastplate,”
is traditionally attributed to him.
In this prayer, St. Patrick
calls on God to be with him at every moment, in every action of his
daily life.
Patrick clothes himself in the
mystery of the Lord:
.”
St. Thérèse of Lisieux (1873-1897) was proclaimed
a Doctor of the Church in 1997. Her ‘Little Way’ of confidence and
love is wonderfully summed up in her poem, My Song for Today: “My
life is but a moment, a passing hour; my life is but a day, that
escapes and flies away from me. You know, O my God, that to
love you here on earth, I have only today! Come, reign in my
heart, give me your smile, just for today.”
______________________________The process of buying or selling a home in Italy can be very complicated and confusing for non-Italian residents, especially if you don’t speak fluent Italian, cannot be there in person to attend the closing, or meet with a realtor on a regular basis. My husband and I are forever grateful to have had Tracey working on our behalf and making sure that every detail was taken care of. As a Realtor, Tracey is 100% committed to her clients, and we felt she represented us consistently with professionalism and backing. She seems to work round the clock, answering emailed questions from us (from the United States) even when we knew it was very late at night in Italy (not expected, but very much appreciated!). With her knowledge and contacts, she was able to successfully bridge all communication and process gaps, without which the process of selling our home in Italy most likely would have been a nightmare. Despite some challenges along the way (such as, obtaining a power of attorney in our absence), Tracey persevered and fought for us every step of the way. We couldn’t have gotten through this without her as our Realtor, and highly recommend trusting her with any home purchase or sale. Hopefully we will have the great fortune to request her services again someday! Grazie mille per tutto, Tracey!!Description Usage Arguments Details Author(s) References Examples
Rename a NetCDF group.
This function renames an existing group in a NetCDF dataset or group that is open for writing. A group cannot be renamed to have the same name as another group, type or variable in the parent group.
Pavel Michna, Milton Woods
Add the following code to your website.
For more information on customizing the embed code, read Embedding Snippets..
Chevy Chase Center
Chevy Chase Center
Sliding scale home-delivered hot meals and free take-out lunches. Home-cooked meal deliveries that are free or low-cost for those who are home-bound, disabled, or unable to cook for themselves. They can be purchased with SNAP. Since it is a sliding scale, they have more flexibility with who they can serve.
Where: 640 North 5th Avenue
Contact: (724) 463-0674 or email Chevychase@indiana-cccac.orgCalifornia Yacht Company presents this Racers and Cruisers 1986 Beneteau First 375 boat for sale.
Contact California Yacht Company with any questions about this Beneteau First 375 by filling up the Contact form or call (310) 905-5455
See all inventory from this seller (39)
To see full description of this boat from the seller click on the Seller Description tab above.
Priced to sell, this fast, safe racer-cruiser represents a fantastic opportunity for the mechanically inclined and will not last on the market for long. Upgrades include a SeaLand Vacuuflush head, Force 10 three-burner stove/oven, Zodiac tender with outboard, and a folding.TRANSMUTATION OF WEIBULL-PARETO DISTRIBUTION
ABSTRACT
A generalization of the New Weibull-Pareto so called Transmuted Weibull-Pareto Distribution is proposed and studied using the quadratic rank transmutation map (QRTM). The structural properties which include explicit expression for the quantiles, moment and order statistics of the proposed distribution were derived. Its parameters were estimated using the method of Maximum likelihood and least square estimation. The Transmuted Weibull-Pareto Distribution was applied to real life data set to examine its flexibility over the New Weibull-Pareto distribution. The result obtained shows that the Transmuted Weibull-Pareto Distribution outperforms the New Weibull-Pareto distribution. The Performance criteria used are the AIC and BIC values.
CHAPTER ONE
INTRODUCTION
1.1 Background to the study
In the field of Statistics and reliability engineering, the quality of the procedures used in statistical analysis depends heavily on the assumed probability distribution. Due to this fact, significant efforts have been made by many researchers in the development of standard probability distributions which are different from the known classical probability distribution. The standard probability distributions are obtained by generalizing the classical probability distribution such as exponential, Weibull, Pareto and Beta distributions. Application of probability distributions in engineering, medicine, finance, ICT among others, have further shown that many data sets do not follow the existing classical distributions. As a result of this, there is the need for development of standard probability distributions by generalization of some well-known classical distributions.
These distributions are derived by adding one or more parameters to the baseline model of continuous distributions. These families provide more flexibility in modelling and in analyzing real life data in many applied areas. For instance, the generalized transmuted-G family proposed by Nofalet al(2015), Transmuted Weibull Distribution: A Generalization of the Weibull Probability Distribution proposed by Aryal and Tsokos (2011), the transmuted geometric-G family introduced by Afifyet al(2016), the transmuted exponentiated generalized-G class of distributions defined by Yousofet al(2015), transmuted exponential distribution proposed by Enahoroet al(2015)and the Kumaraswamy transmuted-G family introduced by Afifyet al (2016).
Over the years, several attempts have been made to generalize the Weibull distribution by adding new parameters into the distribution which has led to the development of new distributions. For instance theExponentiated Weibull distribution (Pal et al 2003), Transmuted Weibull distribution (Gokarnal and Chris, 2011), Lomax-Weibul distribution (Almheidat et al 2015) ,Beta Weibull Distribution (Cordeiro et al 2012), New Weibull-Pareto distribution ( Suleiman and Albert 2015).These distributions have been found to be more flexible than the Weibull distribution when applied to real life data sets.
1.2 Weibull Distribution
. The Weibull distribution is a well-known distribution named after Waloddi Weibull, He
developed the distribution in 1939 and applied it to analyze the breaking strength of materials. A random Variable X is said to have a Weibull distribution with pdf
f ( x ) ( x ) 1 e( x )
where
The distribution is mostly used in reliability engineering for studying the fatigue and endurance life in devices and materials. There is the fact that the Weibull distribution cannot capture the behavior of life time data sets that exhibit bathtub or upside down bathtub failure rate that are usually encountered in reliability engineering. This also led to several generalization of Weibull distribution which have been proposed and studied to address this limitation of Weibull.
1.3 Pareto Distribution
The Pareto distribution was developed in the 19th century by Italian economist Vilfredo Pareto to model the distribution of income over a population. Let x be a random variable from a Pareto distribution with its probability density function given by
f ( x; , k ) kk xk 1
where 0 is a scale parameter and k 0 is the shape parameter
`Pareto distribution is often used to model life time of a manufactures item.
1.4 New Weibull-Pareto Distribution
According to Suleiman and Albert (2015), a life random variable is said to have a New Weibull-Pareto distribution denoted by NWPD if its distribution function has the form:
G ( x ) 1 e ( x )
(1)
And its probability density function is
x 1 ( )
g ( x ) x
( ) e (2)
where
is the scale parameter, and are shape parameters.
The New Weibull-Pareto distribution (NWPD) is suitable for modelling components that wears faster with time or component that wears slower with time. Another usefulness of NWPD is that it can be used in the characterization of the survival time of a given system because of its analytical structure (Suleiman and Albert 2015).
1.5 Statement of the Problem
Many real life data sets are heavily skewed and cannot be fitted by the existing New Weibull-Pareto Distribution. As a result of this, there is the need to generalize the New Weibull-Pareto distribution by introducing a new parameter that will increase the flexibility of the existing New Weibull-Pareto distribution that will provide a better fit than the New Weibull-Pareto Distribution.
1.6 Significance of the Study
The introduction of a transmuted parameter to the New Weibull-Pareto Distribution will provide more flexibility in modeling and analyzing real life datasets in many applied areas and greatly improve the sensitivity and efficiency of the statistical tests associated with the distribution. Some real life data sets do not follow the existing New Weibull-Pareto distribution, as a result of this there is the need to generalize the New Weibull-Pareto distribution by adding a new parameter to it so as to increase its flexibility.
1.7 Aim and Objectives of the Research
The aim of this research is to propose a new distribution called Transmuted Weibull-Pareto Distribution using the Quadratic Rank Transmutation Map and to derive its properties. The objectives are to:
ii. Derive the Transmuted Weibull-Pareto Distribution using Quadratic Rank Transmutation Map(QRTM)
ii. Determine the reliability behavior (survival and hazard function) and obtain various structural properties.
iii. Estimate the parameters of the transmuted distribution through the Maximum Likelihood Estimation and Least Square Estimation.
iv. Compare the performance of the Transmuted Weibull-Pareto Distribution to New Weibull-Pareto Distribution (Suleiman et al 2015),Weibull-Pareto Distribution
(Tahir et al 2015) and Pareto Distribution.
1.8 Definition of Terms and Relevant Abbreviations
AIC: Akaike Information Criterion
BIC: Bayesian Information Criterion
CDF: Cumulative Distribution Function
Classical Probability Distribution: These are the common probability distributions such as Exponential, Weibull, Pareto and Beta distributions.
Common Events: These are events that occur with a high frequency
PDF: Probability Density Function
Real life Data: This is a data set obtained through an experiment. It is a non-simulated data set
Rare Events: These are events that occur with a low frequency
Standard Probability Distribution: These are probability distributions that are obtained by adding one or more parameters into the common probability distributions.
Transmuted Probability Distribution: These are probability distributions obtained using the Quadratic Rank Transmutation Map.
This article is published under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License 4.0Hi kopiandproperty.com readers, I do not usually speak in property events. I prefer to read and then share by writing, actually. However, my good friend, Barry from Chester Properties invited me to share since last year and with a good venue provided, I agreed. Hope to see you in Malacca during my talk. We can enjoy a coffee chat as well. I have a few awesome readers from Malacca joining too. Hope to see you there. I will be presenting a talk entitled, “What’s happening to Malaysia’s property market in the near future?” Some of the topics covered include, “What are the signs of a potential property bubble?” / “Better to buy during a crisis? When is it happening?” / “Why is it harder to get loans approved? Are banks stopping their lending?” and more….. You can register by calling the numbers on the image or register online here. Besides the sharing and coffee chat, a free buffet lunch would also be served. All three are FREE. 🙂 However, this is limited to the first 50 who signs up.
The details of the talk as follows:
Date: 22nd April 2017 (Saturday)
Time: 1030am
Venue: Marina Point Sales Gallery (Waze: Marina Point Klebang)
It’s a national holiday on the 24th April. It’s time to drop by Melaka for a family vacation or even another local honeymoon. Yes, the never ending food trip too. I have never left Melaka without at least 1kg up. 🙂 See you there. Online register here.
Next suggested article: 8 reasons why buying a property in Melaka is not for you
0 ResponsesHealth Care Coverage, Access & Quality: A Snapshot of a PolicyLab Research Portfolio
Download Material
PolicyLab's Health Care Coverage, Access & Quality research portfolio is working to ensure that families can afford the health care their children need, and that all children receive the right care, in the right place, at the right time. By researching and changing the way health care services are delivered through integration of interdisciplinary care teams that leverage technology to meet children and families where they are, we can improve access to and quality of health care for all youth.We two initiatives: the “Stay Strong” window sign campaign and the “Sunday Lunch with Love Geneva” project.
The “Stay Strong” window campaign is still active and we’ve raised over $4,000 for the meal delivery service run by the Boys & Girls Center of Geneva. You can order a window sign via the GoFundMe site:.
For the past three months, the “Sunday Lunch with Love Geneva” project has been purchasing lunches from locally-owned restaurants and providing them for free to whoever wants them on Sundays at noon at the corner of Castle and Exchange Streets. We began with 50 meals, but quickly realized that the need and the interest was much bigger, and are now providing over 80 free meals each Sunday. So far this project has been sustained by private donations and the generous discounts provided by the restaurants. We have received numerous questions about how individuals can support this initiative. You can do so by sending donations via PayPal to LoveGenevaNY@gmail.com. These funds are separate from the “Stay Strong” window sign campaign.
Even though we operate as one, we are not officially a non-profit entity, so donations are not tax-deductible. If you would prefer to make a tax-deductible contribution to help those in need, we encourage you to donate directly to the Boys & Girls Club of Geneva. And please continue shopping (in-person or online) at all the great locally-owned businesses and restaurants in Geneva. Stay Strong and Stay Safe!Simplified sign-ups and payments
Parents see only those camp options and forms that are a fit for their child.
Simultaneous registrations
Same-time enrolment for more than one child keeps sign-ups quick and easy.
Customized branding
Always look your best with forms that feature your familiar brand elements.
Manage summer and auxiliary options
Oversee everything from kids camps and adults classes, to after-care programs and transportation.
Offer special pricing
Incentivize prompt sign-ups, multiple registrations and employee purchases with simple tools for early-bird pricing and discounts for siblings and staff.
Branding options
Keep each of your programming options well-defined for customers with a customized look.
One-account access
Your customers can sign up for multiple programs through one, user-friendly account..
Use your existing accounts
No need to sign up for another credit card merchant account. Simply use the one you have.
Simplify your accounting
CampBrain reconciles your bank deposits to the penny.
Provide complete financial reports
Give your business office real-time insights effortlessly.
Personalize your suite of reports
Create financial summaries, weekly rosters, parent statements and more with CampBrain’s flexible reporting system.
Gain new insights
Turn data points into meaningful information for your counselors, directors and medical staff.
Do a deep dive
Understand your business better with a robust set of customized reports that lets you take control of your data. schools just like yours create better camp days for decades. Here’s what some of them have to say about us.
We love partnering with CampBrain for our camp and auxiliary program needs. The system is intuitive, always improving and easy to use for our staff and families alike.
Dan O’Neil
CampBrain provides top notch, user support. Anytime I have a question, I can get someone on the phone right away who helps me find the best solution.
Jim Patterson
CampBrain provides a superior product for parents and administrators that’s intuitive to learn and use. They respond enthusiastically to feedback, and have genuine desire to make their software the best.
Tova Steele
Working with CampBrain means you’re automatically working with some of the most trusted companies in the business.
Choosing a software solution is like choosing a camp: the fit has to be just right. Want to know if CampBrain is a perfect match for you? Get in touch. We’ll discuss your needs, walk you through the system and answer any questions you have.{Tonic: (noun) something with an invigorating effect}
So here we are, finally, in bonnie Scotland!
To celebrate, I thought I’d share a great breast cancer awareness video with you that was produced right here in Scotland. Created by The Leith Agency in Edinburgh (famous for their Irn Bru adverts) it features Elaine C Smith, none other than Mary doll. Long suffering wife of the notorious Rab C Nesbitt.
Like all great campaigns, it even inspired a spin-off video:
What I love about this campaign is it’s honesty. It’s engaging, informative and *shock, horror* actually uses real breasts to convey a very important message. No airbrushing, no clever lighting, just everyday boobs in all their various shapes and forms. It also taps into the Scottish sense of humour, drawing attention to an important issue with some lighthearted banter.
Well done The Leith Agency, solid proof that you don’t need to be based in London to have access to some of the best creative talent in the UK.Michael Dal Colle highlights Canada's first round of cuts for WJC roster
- Oops!Something went wrong.Please try again later.
TORONTO – The pain in Michael Dal Colle’s voice was palpable.
“I thought I worked hard,” he said. “I thought I did well, but obviously they’re looking to go in another route.”
Dal Colle was one of four cuts made by Hockey Canada from their World Junior Championship selection camp roster on Sunday.
The Oshawa Generals winger was joined by Kingston Frontenacs winger Spencer Watson and two 17-year-olds – Cape Breton Screaming Eagles forward Pierre-Luc Dubois and Sarnia Sting defenceman Jakob Chychrun.
But for Dal Colle, the frustration was intensified. He was also cut last year.
“It’s disappointing,” he said. “You come in here wanting to make the team. But it’s part of hockey.”
Dal Colle came into camp well regarded as the fifth-overall draft pick of the New York Islanders in 2014..
Canada followed up Saturday’s 5-4 shootout loss against the CIS with a 5-0 win.
Shawinigan Cataractes’ Anthony Beauvillier led the way with four points, including a hat trick, while Ottawa 67’s Travis Konecny had a goal and an assist and Blainville-Boisbriand’s Samuel Montembeault stopped 33 shots for the shutout.
The other goal was scored by Dubois. It wasn’t enough to make the team.
“Coming in I wanted to leave everything on the ice and have no regrets. That’s how I’m leaving here,” said Dubois, the youngest player at camp.
Like Dubois, Watson was saddened by his release. However, as the second-last pick in the 2014 draft, the 5-9, 170-pound winger was trying not to get too down on himself.
“I’ve had to outcome a lot of things in my career and my life,” Watson said. “It certainly helps a little bit. It’s not easy, but I’ll get over it.”
The four cuts leave Canada with three goaltenders, nine defencemen and 15 forwards – a number that includes the addition of Vancouver Canucks winger Jake Virtanen.
Virtanen, who was on a conditioning stint with the AHL’s Utica Comets, was loaned to Hockey Canada on Sunday for the tournament.
Hockey Canada is still awaiting word from the Canucks and St. Louis Blues on forward Jared McCann and Robby Fabbri, respectively. They’ll know by Dec. 19, the day of the NHL’s roster freeze.
The world junior team must be named by Christmas Day. The plan is for the final roster to be chosen prior to their last pre-tournament game on Dec. 23 against Sweden.
“Right now there are still guys worthy to be in the conversation,” Lowry said. “The one priority we have is we want to make sure we’re getting it right. We have some decisions that we think need more time. We’re prepared to do that.”
More from Yahoo Canada Sports:Battle Royale at 2B
We have two second basemen who are quality players: Jose Vidro (3 time All-Star). Alfonso Soriano (4 time All-Star, 1 time All-Star MVP). The problem is, only one of them can start on any given day. Now, both of them have objected to moving from second. Ever wise David Pinto sums it up:.
At this point, I’m seriously thinking that Celebrity Death Match might be the way to go. Of course, with nine second-basemen, perhaps it might be better to go the all-2B, all-the-time route.Registered Psychologist
Bringing high quality mental health information to all
About me
Dr. Julia Ryan is a clinical and school psychologist, a postdoctoral research fellow, and an accomplished athlete in Canada. Together, these experiences inform evidence-based, strength-focused approaches to mental health, with a speciality in supporting child and youth.
Please check back frequently as there will be many updates and additions over time. To find out first about new resources, webinars, or videos, sign up for my newsletter!
Work with me
Free Resources
I offer free resources for youth and parents covering a range of topics.
Recorded Webinars
- Learning strategies for ADHD
- Supporting emotional regulation
What people are saying…
I have known Julia for many years, and have seen her grow as professional through her training. She is very knowledgeable and passionate about helping others.Christine N.
Want more tips and awesome content?
Consider subscribing to my newsletter!We had people directing ministries, [like me] practitioners, church pastors, authors, team leaders, host receivers, and service providers. About the only folks missing were youth pastors.
That’s right. The leaders responsible for sending a great percentage of our short-term people around the globe were not represented. Not underrepresented mind you. They were not represented. There was not one youth pastor in attendance.
If you are like me, you wonder about stuff like that. You wonder why not one person who leads and inspires students today in churches across America felt four days of learning and training to be better short-term mission participants was worth their time.
So I started asking questions. I didn’t get a lot of answers at first. Most people seemed to say that youth pastors are a busy group. Or the cost [about $1000.00 once you add travel, lodging, and meals] was too much. Some said that as a group, these people we charge with providing religious leadership for our students are just bad planners and like many adverse to commitment.
Then I asked Don. He is a director for a large mid-western mission agency that sends hundreds of shirt-term participants around the globe in support of their long term missionaries. Don said his ministry was asking the same question. So they did some research using focus groups.
They brought in youth pastors from big and small churches. Urban and suburban. Rich and poor. And they asked questions. Trying to find out what they, as a ministry could do to better serve the youth pastors of America regarding short-term mission.
After two days of questions, conversations, and evaluation, Don, and his ministry got their results. The answers may surprise you. They should shock you. They should anger you.
- Youth Pastors do not believe they need any specialized training to do short-term mission.
- Youth Pastors do not want to participate in any training related to short-term mission.
- Youth Pastors believe that those of us who invest our lives in short-term mission have nothing to offer or teach them.
Nope. I found no one who regularly came across youth pastors that saw a need for stuff like cultural training, developing cross cultural ministry partnerships, or real language learning in short-term mission.
This means that the people arguably responsible for sending more Americans abroad than any other group, believe they are adequately trained and in no need of additional insight from some of the top short-term ministry minds in the country.
Is it any wonder people are questioning the effectiveness and indeed, the very idea of short-term missions?
What are your thoughts?
10 comments:
that's interesting, and i think it would be discouraging if there were no other factors involved. without discounting the results from don's focus groups, i would say there are things he's neglected.
1) the constant battles that youth pastors have to fight with church boards. youth specialties has a conference specifically for youth pastors, and with the spiritual need so apparent in everyday youth ministry work, and with YS being regionally focused (thus cheaper), going to YS is probably the one conference youth pastors can afford to go to/ be willing to fight the board for.
2) as shortsighted as it is, a mission trip is often seen as "just" one week out of the year. it's easy for the youth pastor to partner with organizations like adventures in life and use that mission trip as a "break" or "vacation" from the rigors of the other weeks. not their fault, but just a sign of the lack of support youth pastors get.
3) there's probably confusion regarding short-term missions leaders and ministries. i think many youth pastors are trying to discern their calling, and the usual paradigms they choose from are being pastors or being long term missionaries. the short term missions organizer is not on the radar map for them, or even for the churches/ seminaries that they receive their training.
4) youth pastors can also be arrogant and cocky, but sometimes that is reflecting the lack of support/ fatigue/ lack of clarity in their own calling. so they'll respond like how they did in don's study, when they're really saying they need mentoring, guidance, or just a vacation.
Nori, I am pretty sure that there is lot of overload for the typical youth pastor.
Couple that with the very real factors you cite, lack of budget, time, and a need to service the larger youth group, as opposed to a small mission team, and we have a recipe for cross cultural disaster.
I know that for me when I was pastoring, if I was to have gone to my church and asked for a training budget for our short term mission stuff, I would have been laughed out of the building. And we were a church with money.
However, within the arrogance you mention, may be a little bit of a pride problem.
Especially since Don's ministry approached this in their invitation and in their questioning from the perspective that they, as a missions organizer, must be doing something wrong.
I do not think I would be nearly as troubled by an answer that says, yes I recognize the need for quality training, but I cannot see a way to get it done. Can you help me?
That is a much better response than saying you have nothing to offer me.
Isn't it?
Dave:
I think the simple answer is money. The churches now are struggling to pay the staff and electric bill, and any discretionary money is allocated to more tangible local ministries or maybe the denomination's long term mission program.
The youth pastors I'm sure don't want to go out of pocket $1,000 either, for training even if the training is excellent.
Perhaps part of the issue is that, for a combination of reasons, youth pastors feel much more loyalty to bringing spiritual growth to their own flock and view short-term missions as tools to reach their own participants more than as tools to reach out to locals. It seems possible that some youth pastors might reckon the on-site impact of short-term missions to be minimal enough to justify not being terribly concerned about the results for those to whom they are ostensibly reaching out. It is, after all, much easier for a home-congregation to measure the effectiveness of their support when they can see the changed lives of their own children; only rarely will they get to experience the changed lives of those to whom they sent their children.
Brian D... yes you are correct in that money is part of the problem.
However, it can't be the whole problem. Otherwise when the economy is/was good, we would expect to see them looking for these types of opportunities.
It is interesting to think about what it means when a majority of a church budget goes to maintenance of the mother ship and the first $$$ cuts are to the outreach areas.
Brian C... I do think the fact that many never tangibly see the impact of their dollars.
I would point out that the training these guys could be involved in would go a long ways towards the spiritual growth of their "own" flock.
All us missions folk know that when little Susie or Johnnie is well trained before their trip and receives follow-up afterwards, the life lessons and the God lessons learned on the field become much more rooted in who that person is.
I think we can look at your old church and the groups from the Burns area, during Asher's time.
The number of people who participated from that era who have given significant time, and money, towards missionary and Gospel work, far outweighs that of any subsequent leader.
I did like that when Brian brought our youth group down to serve with you, he had us train ahead of time for months. We even practiced construction and built a large shed for our church. We practiced games for VBS, practiced Spanish. We had to go to all the meetings in order to serve. I like that, because I feel like it really did help prepare all of us and let us know this wasn't going to be a vacation, but a ministry opportunity.
I felt like this was a good example of a youth pastor not only being trained, but training those taken on a trip a lot more. It wasn't about making us feel good, but about making an impact. Brian knew that us feeling good would be a natural side effect of doing good.
I was sad when he left, because it is true; most youth pastors I come across don't think they need training to do short term missions.
Dave,
I would echo the sentiments of the earlier comments and agree that financial considerations do play a significant, if unfortunate role.
Additionally, I think that the youth pastors/leaders themselves need to buy into the notion that they need training. Youth pastors are unique subset of individuals who are overworked, underpaid, and underappreciated. The additional time required for training might be too much.
Also, to offer a psychological perspective, studies show suggest that youth pastors, and pastors in the general, possess more narcissistic tendencies than the average person. I'm not saying that they have personality disorders by any means, but merely that youth pastors may deem themselves as "above" training. They are the leaders of the youth, seen by the church members as theologically trained scholars, and seen by parents of youth as hard working miracle workers. I know when I was youth pastoring, I had this "Jesus complex" and had an unhealthy and inflated view of myself. Making youth pastors aware of this tendency and educating them of the necessity of training might be beneficial.
On a personal note, our church concentrated on fundraising during the months leading up to the Mexico trip, and attended training meetings sponsored by Doug. Other than that, I don't think we had sufficient training (probably due to my narcissistic, self-inflated view of myself). :)
John
Interesting self reflection John. How have your observations changed as a result of more study and marriage?
I don't think finances has anything to do with it and I don't think its because of "how difficult" it is to be a youth pastor today.
Bottom line, we spend money on and make time for what we deem most valuable. And that is true across the board.
The problem is systemic and cultural and permeates every facet of the church and the STM organizations. It's very hard to be a follower of Jesus and be rich and anyone that has a home or apartment with water and electricity is rich.The 243B1JH monitor is a green monitor that is made out of 85% post-consumer recycled plastics and is entirely free of toxic substances. Featuring PowerSensor and LightSensor, it offers significant power savings, while its 100% recyclable packing materials help diminish waste and cost.
This monitor’s PowerSensor can save you up to 80% in energy costs.
The 243B1JH monitor, which comes with an EnergyStar 8.0 rating, was designed to meet international environmental and energy standards. Its main power-saving feature is PowerSensor, which saves up to 80% in energy costs and prolongs monitor life. It does this with its built-in ‘people sensor’, which can determine if you are present and will automatically reduce the monitor’s brightness when you step away from the desk.
For additional power savings, its LightSensor adjusts the monitor’s picture brightness depending on the room’s light conditions. This gives you the perfect picture each time, but with minimal power usage.
EPEAT*, RoHS and TCO Certified Edge compliant, this monitor is also made of 85% post consumer recycled plastic and free of PVC / BFR, mercury and lead. Meanwhile, its 100% recyclable packing materials help diminish waste and cost.
A single, reversible USB-C cable simplifies connections to your laptop.
To give you universal port replication, this monitor features built-in USB docking that boosts productivity. This enables you to connect to, power or charge your laptop using a single reversible USB-C cable directly from the monitor. The monitor is also trimmed with a USB dual-mesh cable, USB-A with DisplayLink, which enables you to use existing laptops, and DisplayPort-out for connecting additional displays. Meanwhile, its built-in RJ-45 ethernet provides data security.
Enjoy crisp images and wide viewing angles with IPS technology.
As an IPS display, this monitor applies advanced technology to deliver remarkably crisp images, full colors, consistent brightness, and extra wide viewing angles of 178/178 degrees. This makes it possible for you to view the monitor from almost any angle.
While performance is certainly key, eye care is just as important. To help shield your eyes from harmful shortwave blue light, the 243B1JH monitor features LowBlue Mode, which offers easy on-the-eyes productivity.
And to help alleviate worries of webcam hacking, this monitor’s innovative pop-up webcam with Windows Hello™ enables you to securely sign in to your computer by popping the webcam up when you need it. When you are done, just tuck it back into the monitor frame. Its Windows Hello™ facial recognition also conveniently logs you into your Windows devices in less than 2 seconds.
Sign in securely thanks to this monitor’s pop-up webcam with Windows Hello™.The Scoop - Wednesday May 23, 2018
Wednesday May 23, 2018
LSU: Ed Orgeron has earned a $75,000 bonus for the team's single-year APR score of 963, Steve Berkowitz points out.
South Carolina: Will Muschamp is gettinng a $50,000 bonus for his team's multi-year APR score of 961, Steve Berkowitz shares.
Bob Stitt: One of the most respected offensive minds in football takes a hilarious parting shot after selling his house - #StittHappens.
Auburn: Gus Malzahn will get a $75,000 bonus for Auburn's APR score of 978, Steve Berkowitz tweets.
Georgia Tech: Paul Johnson has gotten a $100,000 bonus for the team's multi--year APR score of 978, Steve Berkowitz tweets.
Johns Hopkins (D-III - MD): Johns Hopkins University, located in Baltimore, MD, is accepting applications in anticipation of a defensive coaching intern opening. Compensation is $10K on a ten month contract (August through May). No Housing, and no benefits. Coaching assignment will likely be with strong safeties or defensive line. Please email resume and references to defensive coordinator Mickey Rehringm at rehring@jhu.edu.
Study: The most talent-rich high schools in America are...
Saint Vincent (D-III - PA): Saint Vincent College seeks a part-time director of high school football relations and recruiting / assistant. Bachelor’s degree required. Computer, Front Rush and Hudl proficiency also preferred. Only serious applicants should apply. Minorities are strongly encourage to apply. Interested applicants should submit a cover letter and resume to lorrie.quadro@stvincent.edu.
UNC Pembroke (D-II): UNC Pembroke is looking to hire a full-time defensive coordinator / defensive backs position. Salary is commensurate with experience & qualifications. A master’s degree in the Physical Education field (P.E./Health/Recreation/Exercise Science/Sport Management, etc.) is required. Interested applicants should email Graduate School Transcripts, Resume & Cover Letter to shane.richardson@uncp.edu, and apply via this link.
NFL Draft: The NFL has announced the city that will host the 2019 NFL Draft...
Georgia Southern: Per source,Jake Brandon has been hired in a defensive graduate assistant role. Brandon previously served as a student assistant for Georgia Southern defensive coordinator Scot Sloan at Appalachian State for three seasons working with the secondary.
LA Chargers: Senior executive Randy Muelller has left the Chargers organization, as has combine scout Travis Lash, per Neil Stratton. Mueller has previously served as the GM for the Dolphins and Saints.
Eastern New Mexico (D-II): Lake Erie (D-II - OH) defensive coordinator Jeff George has been hired as defensive line coach / recruiting coordinator, per source.
Wooster (D-III - OH): The College of Wooster is seeking a defensive (DB or LB) assistant coach. Preference to those that have played or coached at the collegiate level. Compensation includes a $10,000 annual stipend, meal plan and the AFCA Convention expenses. No benefits are attached to this position. You will have the opportunity to coach your own position, run your own meetings and recruit an assigned territory. Please email cover letter, resume and references tofcolaprete@wooster.edu. No phone calls, please.
Findlay (D-II - OH): The University of Findlay is accepting applicants for a RB intern position. Responsibilities will include, but are not limited to: coaching the RB position group, game planning, practice planning, video breakdown, and other duties assigned by the Head Coach and Offensive Coordinator. Desired skills include Running Back coaching and/or playing experience. We are looking for someone who is passionate about pursuing a career in the coaching profession. The length of the internship can vary based on the needs of the selected candidate. If interested please send resume to kallen@findlay.edu.
NFL: The NFL has awarded future Super Bowls to Phoenix and New Orleans. Why this could be the final Big Game for one of those two cities for a long, long time.
Rutgers: Rutgers is looking for an Assistant Director of Player Development. Please send your resumes to nanderson@scarletknights.com.
Campbellsville (NAIA - KY): Campbellsville University has an immediate opening for a linebacker coach. This is a full-time position. Must have a college degree and character in line with working at a Christian university. Please send a cover letter, resume and list of references to head coach Perry Thomas at plthomas@campbellsville.edu. No phone calls will be accepted. Resumes will be accepted until 5/28/18.
Nichols (D-III - MA): Nichols College, located in Dudley, MA, is looking to hire a coach working with the QBs. Applicant will be required to coach their own position group and perform all other duties assigned by the Head Coach. Compensation includes a stipend, possibly some graduate classes but NO HOUSING or MEALS. Review of candidates will begin immediately, potential start date of August 1st. Please email resume and references to bradley.watkins@nichols.edu. No phone calls please.
Chattanooga (FCS): Inside linebackers coach Oscar Rodriguez Jr. is participating in the Bill Walsh Fellowship program with the Chicago Bears as a defensive assistant, per source.
Our Q&A with Brenda Tracy: "There aren't enough coaches drawing a line in the sand."
Guilford (D-III - NC): Guilford College is seeking applicants for an offensive restricted earnings position working with offensive skill. Will coach own position and be responsible for own recruiting area. Salary is $16,000, with housing, and a meal stipend. Please send resume and references to football@guilford.edu. No phone calls please.
Findlay (D-II - OH): The University of Findlay is looking to hire a Graduate Assistant Defensive Backs Coach. If interested, send your resume to Jason Makrinos at makrinos@findlay.edu.
A parent asked a swim coach if they should spent $500 on a new suit, and the coach's response was perfect
Methodist (D-III - NC): Methodist University is accepting applications for a full-time position. Responsibilities include coaching running backs/ JV head coach (run game knowledge strongly considered) and assisting the head coach in all aspects of organizing, developing and implementing best practices for our football program in accordance with NCAA III and Methodist University guidelines, regulations and philosophies. Bachelor’s Degree required, Master’s Degree preferred. kgwilliams@methodist.edu. Applications will be reviewed immediately upon arrival and continue until the position is filled.
Head coaching changes: 2017-18 NFL & college head coaching changes.Categories
Archives
Syndication
David Waldman and Greg Dworkin use today’s KITM to help us think through what’s happening in Congress this week. If any of us do figure it out, there’s plenty of people in DC who’d like to know, too. Well, we kind of do know what is happening there, but but it is tough to see who would want any of this to happen...
Mitch McConnell wants everything to suck, like he always has. Joe Biden does get what progressives want to build back better, but keeps getting hung up on what Joe Manchin and Kyrsten Sinema want to build. Manchin wants whatever is best for him, which often works out well for his constituents. Sinema hasn’t got a clue, which will become clear even to her, once the infrastructure package passes, or once she’s primaried the hell out. Swing districts need to show results more quickly than infrastructure can provide however, to hold onto their jobs. Nancy Pelosi doesn’t have the time for this. If only she were allowed to use an actual whip…
Democrats are too busy to tackle fascism at the moment. Maybe later? The media might post something if it’s a slow day, once they first GPS a few pro-fascist diners to swing by. We’re lucky that most of our fascists have been morons so far.
Donald Trump didn’t want anyone making butt-stuff jokes about his colonoscopy, therefore it was kept secret, although Trump did demand to stay awake during the procedure so that he wouldn’t miss a single sensation. Donald also figured that once he was asleep, the nurses would joke about his small, toadstool shaped penis. So… just wait until you hear what Omarosa has to say!What Is Conversion.ai?
Conversion.ai is copywriting tool that uses equipment learning to compose high converting duplicate for your ads, emails, landing pages, web sites, as well as a lot more. It’s terrific for anybody that requires aid creating duplicate or content. Conversion.ai Richmond Virginia
You can use this software application to generate proven high converting sales & advertising and marketing messages in seconds. It makes use of AI innovation firms like Shopify, Salesforce, Hubspot, and numerous others.
It also uses to attempt cost-free for 5 days with 10,000 words credit reports, for those of you that’re interested in examining out the software from the getgo.
Conversion.ai has actually been constructed for addressing the large problem dealing with material authors today:
- Aid you to break through author’s block
- Conserve great deals of time getting the idea to create advertising and marketing copy
- Generate an idea for your brand-new copy in secs you don’t have to spend hrs or a day.
- Convert your web content to multi-language to reach broader target markets
- Produce loads of headings. Conversion.ai Richmond Virginia
Learn More About Conversion.ai Richmond Virginia Here ->
we’ll get a little bit more right into the information better down the line, yet as of right now, this is just the tip of the iceberg of things that you can accomplish with Conversion.ai.
Who is Behind Conversion Ai?
Conversion.ai is a product of the moms and dad company UseProof. It is social proof software application that aids website proprietors raises conversions, leads, as well as sales by showing online social evidence alerts.
It is founded by a little group that resides in Austin Texas. The group behind this company Fit For conversion.ai?
- Copywriters. The most noticeable customers of this software application.
- Marketing professionals (who intend to raise conversion on their advertisements, e-mails, social and also internet site).
- Entrepreneurs (that want to utilize AI right into their copywriting job to save time on their content development and get back to scaling their business).
- Agencies (who have tight due dates for clients’ job, and can use Jarvis to provide your work to your customers at cover rate).
- Those who regularly experience writer’s block.
- Writers or aiming writers. Jarvis as well as the Conversion.ai software application can assist you develop total books from the ground up in a couple of weeks time.
- Freelancer. If you’re functioning as a freelance author or web content maker, after that this is a great software platform for you to utilize.
Learn More About Conversion.ai Richmond Virginia Here ->
What Can You Perform With Conversion.ai?
Alright, so currently, let’s dive a little much deeper into a bigger listing of the much things you can do with this extremely effective SAAS product:.
AIDA Structure: Use the earliest marketing structure Interest, Interest, as well as Need to compose actional descriptions for your business products and services to win even more customers.
Email subject lines: It assists you to compose compelling e-mail subject lines that obtain more visitors to open your message. Conversion.ai Richmond Virginia
Long-Form Assistant: This aide is effective it assists you to compose books, stories, essays, scripts, long blog posts or short articles of around 10,000 words in just a matter of hrs.
SEO Blog Site Posts, Title as well as Meta Descriptions: This layout is useful in writing SEO-optimized title tags and meta summaries for article that will certainly place well on Google.
Problem-Agitate-Solution (PAS): A framework aids you ahead up with a brand-new advertising copy suggestion.
Item summary: Develop a compelling description of your customer service and company for websites, emails, as well as social media (Facebook page about section, and so on).
Content improver: Take an item of content put in material improver to reword it much more fascinating, interesting, as well as creative in the second.
Post Topic Concepts: Brainstorm topics that are worth clicking as well as recover rank on Google.
Post Synopsis: In order to create checklists and also describes for your posts utilize a post overview. It’s ideal to make use of for the “Just how to design” and “Listicles” short articles or messages.
Blog Post Introductory Paragraph: Remove capped into author’s block this structure assists you to create an opening paragraph for your blog pots or articles.
Sentence Expander: It aids you to increase your brief paragraph to make it engaging, fascinating, and also creative.
Learn More About Conversion.ai Richmond Virginia Here ->
Video Description: With this theme, you can write distinct summaries for Youtube video clips that rate well in search. As well as the very best point it will certainly conserve tons of time most of us know just how tiresome work is to create lengthy optimize YouTube descriptions.
Video clip Titles: It assists you think of appealing, click-worthy titles for your videos to increase a lot more views. Conversion.ai Richmond Virginia
Video Subject Ideas: This design template aid you to do brainstorm to find up with new video clip subjects that will certainly engage viewers.
Video Clip Manuscript Hook and also Intro: Compose HOOK introduction scripts for your Youtube videos that will certainly order your customer’s attention and oblige them to see completely via.
Review Responder: If you’re a firm proprietor obtaining lots of reviews on sites like Capterra, G2, or Trustpilot and do not have sufficient time to reply to all your reviewer’s you can merely copy your individuals’ review put into this design template it will certainly actions that are pleasant, expert, as well as wonderful.
Influential bullet points: This design template is very when it pertains to converting visitors right into consumers for your products or services. Offer your company/product name and also description it will create influential bullet factors. You can put right into e-mails, touchdown web pages, sales funnels, and a lot more.
Personal Biography: Compose a creative bio concerning on your own that captures spotlight as well as reverberates with your target markets.
Company Bio: It aids you to write your company’s bio with the captive story.
Facebook Ad Heading: Create high converting as well as scrolling stopping headings that ultimately, your prospect acquires your items for your Facebook ads.
Facebook Ad Primary Text: Write convertible messages for Facebook advertisements “Key Area”.
Photo Post Captions: This design template outstanding for writing appealing captions for your next Instagram posts.
Conversion.ai Long-Form Web Content
The conversion.ai long-form web content editor or aide was created for bloggers, marketers, s and contentdesigners to write web content a lot more effectively without wasting money and time on copywriters.
Utilizing the long-form material attributes, you’ll have the ability to write content that feeds the internet search engine and also most notably do it within few minutes depending upon for how long you want your web content to be.
Conversion.ai presently incorporates with the Internet user SEO device, so while writing you ‘d be rest assured your web content is optimized for SEO.
And also trust me, this can conveniently take your material development to the next degree, due to the fact that there’s no limit to the variety of words you can create with the conversion.ai long-form web content attribute.
How To Use Conversion.ai Long-Form Content Editor.
First thing’s initial, It’s extremely crucial to know that JARVIS (Conversion.ai ROBOT) not perfect, you need to feed it excellent information.
Just how perfect the content is, depends upon just how in-depth your information is. However, based upon my experience however, I think JARVIS is actually sexy!
Sometimes, the grammar might be off-key which is not always so however with a couple of editing, you’ll get it back on the right track. Conversion.ai Richmond Virginia
Additionally, regarding plagiarism, I believe numerous have to have been asking yourself if the content produce by JARVIS is in fact plagiarised.
Learn More About Conversion.ai Richmond Virginia Here ->
For that, they are all plagiarism-free. Nonetheless, you’re still questioning ensure you examine the web content generated with any kind of plagiarism device prior to you published them.
Last on this note, also make sure you utilize the Grammarly application to quickly and also quickly take care of any kind of grammar mistake from the web content generated.
Jarvis is a CRAWLER produced by guy. So you ought to anticipate a little error occasionally. That been claimed, let’s see exactly how you can make use of the conversion.ai long-form web content aide.
Action 1: Pick A New Operations.If you’re yet to have an account with Conversion.ai right here’s a cost-free 10,000 Credit rating to check the software.
So head over to your Conversion.ai account, from the control panel you must be able to see the ‘Long-Form Aide’ like the picture listed below …
After that, it going to prompt you to select in between the two tabs from the picture below … Select the very first one being the ‘Long-form assistant’.
Immediately you’ve clicked on the long-form aide, it’s mosting likely to take you to the next phase. The primary step is mosting likely to ask you to explain the web content you intend to create.
At this phase, Jarvis will ask you to get in the ‘Title’ of the material you’re attempting to compose or let it create title ideas for you. Click ‘Produce Concepts’ …
Once you’ve done that, JARVIS will certainly produce a checklist of title suggestions for you, so from there, you can currently pick the very best memorable title you can make use of for the content.
So from here, you’ll require to select your preferred title and proceed to the following stage, which is where you will certainly compose your very first article intro or allow Jarvis compose it for you.
jarvis intro paragraph.
As you can see from the photo above, you can either write the introduction yourself or allow Jarvis do the anxiety for you.
So in my very own situation, I clicked the produce concepts for the introduction and also Jarvis does the benefit me.
From here, you can after that proceed to create your own web content by clicking the blue ‘Compose’ button on the web page to produce your web content.
Beside the blue ‘Compose’ switch is a toggle that figures out the length of the out produced by Jarvis. If you desire the outcome to belong, select the Long, medium, or brief specifically.
Conversion.ai Academy.
Conversion.ai academy has tons of outstanding video training. Among my favorite activities is “Just how to write & release your publication in 72 hrs?” using Conversion.ai.
If you intended to compose your own publication simply see this video training by Darby Rollins. They will help you detailed to createyour publication in less than 72 hours as well as obtain introduced on Amazon kindle. Conversion.ai Richmond Virginia
The course is upgraded on an once a week basis, as well as they offer real-time training video clips two times or three times each week. You will certainly receive the most up-to-date information with their open forum to go over topics that matter in your industry.
When I brand-new to conversion.ai used it for 2-3 days obtaining overwhelmed my mind taken choice this is not valuable software program for you but the good news is this useful video trainings saves me to leave conversion.ai. You might likewise have the same issue when you start with this brand-new modern technology I recommend going through every collection of guides and also video clip training.
Learn More About Conversion.ai Richmond Virginia Here ->
Helpful Neighborhood
Conversion.ai has a main exclusive Facebook neighborhood where you can team up and also get help from fellow conversion.ai customer as well as their group of specialists. How to join the group? when you signup they email you a web link as well as offer you access to this area.
Conversion.ai Prices & Plans
Conversion.ai prices begins at $29.00 each month. They do not have a complimentary version. Conversion.ai provides a cost-free trial with a 20,000 words generation limit.
Conversion.ai will bill $29 each month for 20,000 words generation credit ratings or add 5,000 even more words for $10 after you strike your plan’s limitation. This price relevant until Conversion.ai gets to 1k paid individuals. After that their pricing goes up as a result of getting great deals of incredible feedback from their customers.
Conversion.ai greater plan credit reports and prices are as complies with:.
20,000 words = $29/mo.
35,000 words = $49/mo.
75,000 words = $99/mo.
115,00 words = $149/mo.
150,000 words = $199/mo. Conversion.ai Richmond Virginia
The lowest plan of Conversion.ai was $27 each month for 20,000 words generation credit scores yet this strategy is no longer offered as a result of high need.
In general, conversion.ai costs depend on how many words are generated by users monthly. If you’re just starting out with only 35,000 words generated every month, then $49/month is perfect for you as well as what’s required.
Nonetheless, if you’re running a firm that creates 20K+ words monthly then select the more pricey plan at either $149-$ 199 per month depending upon how large your venture is (due to the fact that this saves you cash in the long run).
Is Conversion.ai Well Worth The Rate?
Conversion.ai prices appears not much costly it begins at $49 each month for 35,000 that’s enough words to write short articles, headlines, Instagram subtitles, YouTube video summaries, Advertising ads replicate, and also a lot more.
If you wish to employ a specialist material writer, you might need to pay them hundreds of dollars for all your web content creating job. For example, if somebody is experiencing the traditional advertising and marketing networks with 35,000 words well worth of content on their website after that they might spend an ordinary cost of 15 cents per word which would be around $5,500 total amount. Or they could simply utilize the Conversion.ai solution for $49 monthly.
From my point of view, It’s worth the rate as a contrast to the value we get. It saves us lots of time ahead up with great duplicate concepts.
Conversion.ai supplies a safe test with 7 days money-back warranty. It deserves giving them a shot if you’re thinking of making a financial investment in the business due to the fact that they offer such a brief period of time to get your money back.
Conversion.ai Pro Unlimited Plan
Conversion.ai got a bigger upgrade on 30th March 2021 they got Headlime business for creating memorable titles. This may trouble for life time healime users. And also introduced a new pro limitless plan that opens an AI-powered long-form content assistant to aid you compose blog posts, stories, manuscripts, and also books.
Conversion.ai pro unrestricted plan
Conversion.ai pro endless strategy sets you back $109 each month that included endless words produced with 1 individual sheet. This strategy consists of whatever you require to work with simplicity. It is far better than basic Conversion.ai strategies.
wish to know even more concerning conversion.ai pro strategy view this video by dave.
If you would like to know more concerning the professional endless plan watch this video training by Dave and also Austin without signing up for a Conversion.ai account.
Conversion.ai Free Trial With 10,000 Perk Credit rating.
Conversion Ai provides a 5-day free test with 7 days money-back assurance. If you’re seeking free benefit credit ratings you simply need to join through our referral. You’ll receive 10k free credit histories into your account. This credit rating will never ever expire you can utilize this credit report to buy additional word generation credit scores without paying from pocket.
Conversion.ai Pros and Cons
Pros
- Help people to break through writer’s block problem write anything quick as well as save even more time.
- You’ll be able to compose even more material in days than you have in month.
- It generates 99.99% initial content.
- Exceptional consumer support.
- AI copywriters community gain access to.
- Academy for discovering Search Engine Optimization techniques and social media sites advertising and marketing. Conversion.ai Richmond Virginia
- Budget-friendly for many customers $29/mo for 20,000 words generation.
- 7- days money-back guarantee other business takes approximately 30 to 90 days.
Cons
- Sometimes it creates pointless content.
- Little human edit is needed to make your material best.
Final thought.
The options are super straightforward as well as understandable which makes this application wonderful. Having a navigation cabinet which makes conversion.ai super very easy to jump from one layout to one more without shutting the existing web page. Likewise, you can create jobs separately, edit created web content, save them to your preferred checklist, and also a great deal much more possible features.
On the whole, Conversion.ai can make writing much faster, yes– especially when it comes to low-level descriptions of product and services like those seen in advertising and marketing copywriting campaigns which are driven by imaginative instructions. With Conversion.ai aid, you’ll have a less complicated time coming up with wonderful suggestions from strong instructions too. Conversion.ai Richmond Virginia
Conversion.ai app is best choice for content creation jobs. Despite you’re a copywriter, freelancer, and firms proprietors it is an ideal fit for you.
By the way, if you’re interested in obtaining accessibility to a few extra credit reports to begin using conversion.ai free of charge, without having to commit, you can use our invitation link listed below, which offers you access to 10k free credit scores, as well as a complimentary test.Handewitt, Germany, 17 Sep 2021, ZEXPRWIRE, Solidproof is announcing its upcoming auto audit tool that will bring efficiency to audits. The tool will work with its currently prevailing manual audit system.
The auto-audit feature comes at a time when there is declining confidence in the Defi space. This auto tool will make the process of auditing autonomous, with no manual work.
Generally, manual audits are sometimes flawed due to human errors. The tool is an algorithm instructed to find vulnerabilities in smart contract codes. Thus, it follows instructions to the latter without making any common human errors. Furthermore, it reduces the time used in audits, thus making the process faster.
The development of this tool was mainly to help Defi projects and crypto launchpads. Yet, the most exciting thing about this tool is launchpads will be allowed to embed it to their sites.
Solidproof Allows Launchpads to Embed the Auto Tool
According to Solidproof, crypto launchpads and Defi projects will have a massive chance of benefiting once this tool launches. First, they all need to recognize Solidproof as their trusted auditor. It’s normal for launchpads to have a list of trusted auditors. By adding Solidproof as trusted auditors, launchpads will have taken the first step to benefit from the auto tool.
The second step is embedding the tool to their sites. According to Solidproof, once the tool launches, it will be possible to embed by providing a link. Every project will have the freedom to link this tool to their websites. By providing a direct link, upcoming Defi projects in need of audits will easily access the auto tool.
Typically, launchpads can link the auto tool in the page mentioning their partners and auditors. Adding a link to the tool in that section makes it visible to every project visiting the site. Moreover, the projects can embed the links in their presale application forms. Since it’s a requirement to audit before listing for presales, providing a reliable audit tool to developers makes their work easier.
Several Launchpads Already On-Board
As already mentioned, Launchpads will be among the biggest beneficiaries of this Auto audit feature once launched. As it stands today, Solidproof has been making top partnerships with top Defi launchpads.
One such launchpad is Unicrypt. Unicrypt is a BSC-based decentralized launchpad that has been offering services since 2021. Another launchpad Pathfund also partnered with Solidproof for audit purposes. The two launchpads above will see the benefits of the auto tool, which will offer more accurate reports. They are likely going to be the first projects to embed the auto audit tool in their site.
Other projects like incubators can embed the link too. Furthermore, all Defi projects audited by Solidproof can also embed the link. The good thing about Solidproof is it plans to continue developing. Therefore, the network will serve more and more launchpads in the future.
The Auto Audit Tool Offers Simplicity, Speed, and Efficiency
Once launched, the auto tool will be the home of all the audit-related services hosted on Solidproof. Thus, when creating the tool, Solidproof developers focused on how they could improve its usability. The process of getting an audit using the tool will be pretty straightforward.
Generally, the developers will need to send their smart contract file to the auto tool. Now, Solidproof notes that users will either send the whole file or a link. The tool gets the file and instantly starts auditing.
Mainly, the tool looks for any vulnerabilities associated with smart contracts and tax systems. The tool releases the audit report giving details on the vulnerabilities associated with the contract. At this point, Solidproof could do manual tests.
Therefore, the primary role of this new tool is increasing convenience, reliability, speed, and audit efficiency. Instead of developers taking much time liaising with the auditors, the tool does all the work.
Solidproof’s KYC Services
Solidproof also offers KYC scanning services for all defi projects. KYC scanning means looking into the activities of wallets and accounts connected to the project. KYC scanning is quite vital in the Defi industry, especially with the increasing scams.
Generally, KYC scanning in Solidproof involves checking the customer’s data and transactions. The primary reason for analyzing the transactional data is to trace any money laundering risks. Solidproof does the same to the project team.
Although KYC services are essential for upcoming projects, other projects also need these services. Large platforms with huge volumes have very high exposure to money laundering risks. Therefore, any Defi project can work with Solidproof to solve any issues.
Solidproof has a very active team that communicates to its users. It has social media pages like Twitter, Telegram, and Facebook, where it posts audit outcomes. The pages are as follows;
Telegram Group:
Twitter:
Media Contact –
MAKE Solutions UG
Mails Nielsen
The post Solidproof Announces That Launchpads Can Embed its Upcoming]Want to talk to one of our team?Contact us
Goodyear’s all-new connected tyre monitoring solution for commercial vehicles, presented by Maciej Szymanski, Marketing Director Goodyear Commercial Europe and Moreno Ceccarini, Product Manager Goodyear Proactive Solutions.
Tyre Maintenance is an essential part of fleet management, but it is a significant daily challenge for commercial fleets.
Correct tyre maintenance takes qualified operational personnel, administrative support and thorough planning. And manual tyre checking takes a long time - while trucks remain unproductive in the yard – and is prone to human error.
The answer is Goodyear DrivePoint. If your vehicles make frequent, shorter journeys, it is an easy, automated way of accurately checking tyre pressure every time they come and go to the yard.
These benefits and advantages are those experienced by Goodyear customers but are not guaranteed. The benefit realisation depends on proper preventive maintenance based on the information provided by the solution.
* Installation time might differ depending on the fleet and vehicle constellation.
Goodyear DrivePoint is a connected, yard-based drive-through tyre inspection system that allows automated and dynamic tyre pressure measurement.
Easily installed via wireless battery-powered technology, the solution allows dynamic and rapid inspections of large quantities of vehicles – which is ideal for fleets with vehicles returning frequently to the yard.
Combined with our user-friendly mobile and web applications, Goodyear DrivePoint supports an instant display of your tyre health allowing proactive monitoring and maintenance of your fleet.
What about the hardware? It is both simple and proven, comprising just two elements: on-valve sensors that fit easily onto the tyre valves and receivers for tyre data collection and processing.
* Dual tyres require removal of outer tyre for the installation of the DrivePoint extended on-valve sensor. Depending on your vehicle configuration, additional accessories and adapters may be required.
** Expected battery life 1 year.
*** Reception radius of receivers can be affected by various factors. For optimised usage, receivers should not be positioned more than 5m apart from each other. Recommended to keep a minimum distance of 20m from receivers to the vehicle parking lot.
Please contact your Goodyear Proactive Solutions expert for more information.Lavash Pizza with a Salad of Greens, Gorgonzola and Toasted Almonds
This cheesy flatbread pizza is covered with fresh salad greens and almonds and makes a delicious appetizer.
Recipe courtesy Almond Board of California
Ingredients
- 1/2 cup whole blanched almonds (or whole natural)
- 1 1/2 tbsp white wine vinegar
- 3 tbsp extra virgin olive oil
- Salt and freshly ground black pepper
- 4 pieces lavash bread cut into 8x12-inch rectangles
- 6 oz mozzarella cheese grated
- 8 cups baby salad greens
- 4 oz Gorgonzola or other blue-veined cheese crumbled
Servings: pizzas
Units:
Instructions
- Preheat oven to 350ºF (180ºC). Place the almonds on a baking sheet and bake until light golden (if using blanched), 8 to 10 minutes. Chop the almonds coarsely (this can be done several hours in advance). Increase the oven temperature to 400°F (200ºC).
- In a small bowl, whisk together the vinegar and olive oil and season with salt and pepper. This can be done several hours in advance.
- Five to 10 minutes before serving, place one sheet of the lavash on a baking sheet. Bake in the oven until it just begins to take on a light golden colour, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove from the oven and sprinkle the grated mozzarella onto the top, distributing evenly. Place the lavash in the oven again and bake until the cheese is melted and the lavash is golden and crisp, 2 to 3 minutes.
- In the meantime, toss the salad greens.
Recipe Notes
348 calories, 27.4 g total fat, 10.4 g saturated fat, 12.7 g monounsaturated fat, 2.9 g polyunsaturated fat, 11 g carbohydrate, 16 g protein, 3.3 g fibre, 319 mg calcium, 52 mg magnesium, 530 mg sodium, 331 mg potassium, 4.8 mg vitamin E Satanic Temple while simultaneously expressing our appreciation for them. Their religion is sorta half-backwards, half-upside-down, and half-flipped from Christianity.
Now, folks, Christianity is sorta half-backwards, half-upside-down, and half-flipped from reality. So if we can keep on repeating the half-backwards, half-upside-down, and half-flipped trick enough times, we may eventually return to reality. But don't count on it.
Yesterday church was the usual Palm Sunday hogwash. I just zoned out into a brain-dead stupor and somehow got through it with rather little memory of the whole ritual.
Then in the afternoon there was a Southern Maryland Secular Humanist meeting where we watched a few videos of Thomas Jefferson's views of religion.
And today it looks like nothing's gonna happen. Maybe I'll plant something or t'nother inGrace's Guide is the leading source of historical information on industry and manufacturing in Britain. This web publication contains 148,337 pages of information and 233,846 images on early companies, their products and the people who designed and built them.
of Greenock
This was probably a misprint in the source for Scott and Co (of Govan) or Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Co of Greenock, commonly referred to as Scotts.
1908 Build turbines for a battleship to be built at PortsmouthAfter lunch with Woodsy the other day, I responded to something she’d said with, “Hmm, you do seem to attracted eccentric people.” She was surprised by this observation and I, in turn, was surprised that she was surprised. Because I don’t think I’ve ever known anyone who has such a collection of eccentrics in her life.
To be clear, I mean “eccentric” in a good way. The people in her orbit are clever, creative, talented, interesting, quirky, intelligent, marching-to-their-own-drummer, fun type of people.
So then I got to wondering what type of people I attract to my orbit and I think, it would be people who are slightly unbalanced. That’s not to say everyone I know is this way – not at all. (So don’t get offended everybody who knows me). I know all sorts of different types of people, but if there is one particular type more often represented than any other type, it would be the slightly unbalanced.
That’s not even to say that they’re out-and-out crazy (though I’ve know a few of those, too). No, I’m talking about people (none of whom read this blog…as far as I know) who are just a bit out of kilter to lesser or greater degrees. They appear perfectly okay on the surface, but when you spend a little time with them you realize that there’s something not quite right about them; some synapses that aren’t firing correctly; something a bit off.
So then I start wondering what is there about me that attracts these type of people. And what is it about Woodsy that attracts marvellous eccentrics instead?
I reckon people are partly attracted to people they see something of themselves in – the selves they are and/or the selves they would like to be. And, at the same time, they are attracted to that which complements them; that which may be missing in them or in their lives.
So, while someone eccentric would probably not be attracted to anyone too mainstream, rigid, conservative; they would be attracted to someone more down-to-earth, more grounded than they perhaps are.
And, someone slightly unbalanced would perhaps be looking (consciously or unconsciously) for someone to figuratively smack them upside the head with a little reality check once in a while — so to speak. Right?
Anyway, it’s interesting to think about the types of people who predominantly seem to be drawn to you and what that says about you. Do you attract needy people? Or damaged people? Users and abusers? Fun, happy people? Nurturing people? Bossy people? Shy people? Generous people? Loving people? No people?
And why?Photo: Scepaz / Facebook
A 23-year-old woman has been charged with the murder of Sydney hip hop artist Scepaz (real name Jett McKee), whose body was found on an inner-west street on Friday.
The ABC reports the woman — who was on the run for three days — was charged by police after turning herself in at Newtown Police Station.
She was refused bail and is due to appear in Newtown Local Court today.
A 28-year-old man also reportedly handed himself in, and has been taken to hospital under police guard for treatment of a pre-existing facial injury. He is expected to be charged after leaving hospital.
30-year-old McKee was supposedly attacked with a samurai sword during a suspected home invasion in the suburb of Forest Lodge on Friday, and was later found dead in the street.
Triple j‘s Hau Latukefu took to Facebook to post a tribute to the artist, saying, “Over the weekend, I was saddened to hear the passing of Sydney artist, Scepaz.
“I would see him at gigs, play his music on the show and he was always respectful. I know how hard it is to lose a loved one, especially at such a young age, so I’d like to wish strength & love to his family, crew and supporters. Blessings.”In all the drives employed for the rear axle the spring take the weight of the body. Many drives are used, out of which the two important ones are. The Hotchkiss drive is the simplest of the drive systems and is the The torque tube drive, which is still fairly widely used is shown in picture. During the early part of the 20th century chain-drive power transmission was the main direct drive competitor of the Hotchkiss system, with the torque tube also.
For road use the rear axle was driven, power being switchab This is similar to the fly-by-wire systems used widely in the aviation industry.
The driving and braking torques are absorbed through the front half of the rear leaf spring shown by dotted line. A slip Joint is placed in the propeller shaft to take up end play arising when the driven axle live axle suspension commonly is used in modern moves up and down.
While the torque-tube type tkbe additional locating elements, such as a Panhard rodthis allows the use of coil springs. Pontiac was a car brand that was owned, made, and sold by General Motors. This drive system is generally used in passenger cars and light commercial vehicles.
This layout provides many of the advantages of the independent suspension, but the system is not classed as independent, as the rear wheels are still linked by an axle tube.
Components such as the steering column, intermediate shafts, pumps, hoses, belts, coolers and vacuum servos and master cylinders are eliminated from the vehicle. Member feedback about Ford Bronco: Despite having been designed from as a rather slow hotch,iss well-armoured light infantry support tank, the type was initially rejected by the French Yorque because it proved difficult to steer while driving cross-country, and was instead adopted in by the French Cavalry.
Therefore additional arrangements must be incorporated to meet these requirements. History Building on Freud’s concept of narcissistic satisfaction[2] and on the work of his colleague the psychoanalyst Karl Abraham,[3] Fenichel highlighted the narcissistic need in early development for supplies to enable young children to maintain a sense of mental equilibrium. This force depends on the coefficient of friction u and the load W on the wheel.
Effects of unsprung mass The unsprung mass of a wheel offers a trade-off between a wheel’s bump-following ability and its vibration isolation. Gwen is Ethan’s wife for much of the program—they are married on December 19,only to find out in the series finale that Gwen drunkenly married another man in Las Vegas, N During the early part of the 20th century chain-drive power transmission was the main direct drive competitor of the Hotchkiss system, with the torque tube also popular until the s.
Some installations use rubber dribe to isolate noise and vibration. However the Mle “Saint Etienne” was only a partial redesign: It is a sophisticated form of non-independent suspension and is a considerable improvement over the swing axle, Hotchkiss drive, or live axle.
Torque tube
The use of two universal joints, properly phased and with parallel alignment of the drive and driven shafts, allows the use of simple cross-type universals. In other situations, a second gear is placed and the power is recovered by attaching shafts or hubs to this gear. To allow for hotchkisss in the alignment and distance between the driving and driven components, drive shafts frequently incorporate one or more universal joints, jaw couplings, or rag joints, and sometimes a splined joint or prismatic joint.
The rear end of. Hotchkisa logo on GS car. Views Read Edit View history. The main concept of the universal joint is based on the design of gimbals, which have been in use since antiquity. Van Htochkiss sisters topic Augusta Van Buren and Adeline Van Buren, sisters, rode 5, miles in 60 days over hazardous hotchkids to cross the continental United States, each on their own motorcycle, in The Tracta joint was fitted to most of the military vehicles that had driven front wheels used by most of the combatants in the Second World War.
It differed from all previous Toyota cars by having a 4-cylinder engine previously a 6-cylinder was used4-wheel independent suspension previously using rigid axles with leaf springs and a smaller, “ponton” influenced aerodynamic body. A center bearing generally is used vehicles.
Torque tube – Wikipedia
In the most common configuration, the center of the arc provides location for the axle, while loops form The link is connected with a rubber or solid bushing on one end to the wheel carrier or axle, on the other to the chassis or unibody of the vehicle.
The torque arm drive is similar to. Download our mobile app and study on-the-go. The AMC Rambler large-sized cars use a double-Cardan constant velocity joint in V8 powered models to eliminate driveshaft fluctuations, though six cylinder and earlier V8 models used only one standard universal joint. Member feedback about Daimler DE: The de-Dion axle is often considered as the halfway stage between the normal axle and independent suspension.
Beam axles were once commonly used at the rear wheels of a vehicle, but historically they have also been used as front axles in rear-wheel-drive vehicles. Dynaflow was the trademarked name for a type of automatic transmission developed and built by General Motors Buick Motor Division from late to mid Delahaye topic Delahaye is a luxury car built by French manufacturer Delahaye from until When helical or torsion bar springs are used as alternatives to laminated springs, side movement of the axle must be controlled by providing some form of transverse stabilizer, such as a Panhard rod, between the frame and the axle.
In the Hotchkiss drive, slip- splines or a plunge-type [ clarification needed ] ball and trunnion u-joint eliminate thrust transmitted back up the driveshaft from the axle, allowing simple rear-axle positioning using parallel leaf springs.
Mass Revolvy Brain revolvybrain. The standard version provided seating for four and an open load area at the back. Senior Patrol Agent Jackson and the young boy are murdered by Hotchkiss, a ruthless alien smuggler, also called “the Marine” by the aliens portrayed by Ed Harris.New Online Workshops October 6 – November 10
This year, Adoption Options is going online. During these online workshops, attendees will hear from leaders in the world of animal welfare on topics ranging from fundraising, marketing, handling new challenges of 2020 and more. LEARN MORE
Our Shared Mission
Adoption Options is a free, educational workshop series that connects animal welfare professionals and volunteers with leaders from the industry and each other. In the process, it has brought thousands of us together to address challenges head-on and further our shared mission of finding more homes for adoptable pets.
Hear from Leaders in Animal Welfare
Beyond the live online learning events, speakers will also be featured on the Petfinder Podcast. Past Podcast topics and potential future webinar speakers include:
- Top Fundraising Tips with Emily Fromm of the Petfinder Foundation
- Dogs Playing for Life with Emily Grossheider
- How to Combat Compassion Fatigue with Jessica Dolce
- And more!
Putting Knowledge to Work
In addition to a free day of learning with peers, those who attend Adoption Options webinars are also eligible to apply for EXCLUSIVE grants through the Petfinder Foundation. These grants help our members put their learnings and key takeaways from Adoption Options into action, including:
McKAMEY ANIMAL CENTER
Used their funds to buy a high-quality camera and portable photography studio to help with their Petfinder listings.
HAPPY HAVEN FARM & SANCTUARY
Used their grant money to purchase medical supplies to address chronic sinus issues and FortiFlora® to promote digestive health.do bundle sheath cells have chloroplasts
We thank J.J. Thelen for monoclonal antiserum against pyruvate dehydrogenase and M.E. A new procedure for purification of M and BS chloroplasts was developed based on suggestions from A. Barkan and R. Bassi and on published protocols (Edwards and Black, 1971; Kannangara et al., 1977). The yield of chloroplast preparations was inversely proportional to their purity. It is concluded that the structure of the specialized chloroplasts in bundle sheath cells of sugar cane is a result of reduction, and that the development of chloroplast dimorphism is related in some way to leaf cell differentiation. Thank you for your interest in spreading the word on Plant Cell. Rubisco activity limits photosynthesis at low temperatures. Chloroplasts of bundle sheath cells … After carbon dioxide fixation by RuBisCO, Calvin cycle proceeds as in C 3 plants. Which statement is accurate about how C4 plants are able to survive hot, dry spells during the growing season? Leaves of C3 plants do not have Kranz anatomy. In photosynthesis, the light reactions ________ while the Calvin cycle ________. The unique chloroplast morphology, as seen in A. thaliana leaf tissue, is reflected here. Upon examination under a microscope, you find that there is a layer of bundle sheath cells containing chloroplasts around the vein of the leaf of the plant. Chloroplasts of maize (Zea mays) leaves differentiate into specific bundle sheath (BS) and mesophyll (M) types to accommodate C4 photosynthesis. The flow-through containing the nonlabeled peptides was also collected since they were valuable for protein identification. Both the mesophyll and bundle sheath cells The difference between bundle sheath cells in C3 and C4 plants is that The bundle sheath cells in C4 plants have chloroplasts while those is C3 plants do not. English: The C4 pathway contains a special structure in the leaves known as Kranz anatomy. In which of the labeled cells of a C4 leaf are the Calvin cycle reactions performed? Which steps of photosynthesis does C4 photosynthesis partition in space? All mass spectral data were searched against ZmGI, AZM, and OsGI for protein identification using in-house MASCOT search engine and additional filters using in-house written software (Q. Trans. Identification of Maize Proteins in Purified Bundle Sheath (BS) and Mesophyll (M) Chloroplast Stroma from Three Different Types of Experiments Involving 2-DE Gels, cICAT, and LC-MS Analysis of Unlabeled Peptides. This raises the possibility of additional BSD2 roles in cell development. This project was supported by a grant from the National Science Foundation genome program (PGRP 0211935) and New York Science, Technology, and Academic Research to K.J.v.W. Replacement electrons for the reaction center of photosystem II are derived from _____________. Bundle Sheath: Have a single or double layer and formed of colored cells due to the presence of chloroplasts. How many times must the Calvin cycle turn to yield a single molecule of glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate (G3P)? (2003). funnel electrons to a central chlorophyll a molecule. When needed, peak detection was manually adjusted to remove the influence of obvious satellite peak(s). Philos. This experiment was performed twice, first with 20 μg/g and then with 50 μg/g for each proteome, with independent biological samples (pairwise extractions of BS and M chloroplast proteomes). Thus, the size of bundle sheath compartments and the total volume of chloroplasts within them limit the space available for Rubisco. Chloroplasts of mesophyll cells are smaller, have well developed grana and they do not produce starch. Criteria for positive identification by MALDI-TOF MS peptide mass fingerprinting include five or more matching peptides with a narrow error distribution (clustering of errors) within 25 ppm and at least 15% sequence coverage. Another three molecules of ATP are then used in the cycle. C4 leaves confine Rubisco to bundle sheath cells. In addition, representative 2-DE gels from BS and M chloroplast stroma with associated information can be interrogated. B) Mesophyll cells have PEP carboxylase while bundle sheath cells have RuBisCO. the bundle sheath cells in C3 plants are arranged in columns just beneath the upper epidermis, while those in C4 plants are arranged in a ring around veins. Annu. In C4 plants, chloroplasts are located in ___________. Not all molecules contain the same amount of chemical energy. The Calvin cycle produces ________, which are in turn used in the light reactions. Gels were stained with fluorescent Sypro Ruby stain (Molecular Probes) or silver nitrate (Rabilloud et al., 1994). On average, preparations with <15% cross-contamination yielded ∼300 μg of protein for each M and BS fraction. The bundle sheath in a leaf is a layer of compactly arranged parenchyma surrounding the vasculature (Esau, 1965) and is a conduit between the vasculature and the mesophyll cells. In C4 plants, chloroplasts are located in both mesophyll and bundle sheath cells. 8: In C3 plants, the bundle sheath cells do not contain chloroplasts. The difference between bundle sheath cells in C3 and C4 plants is that _____. 2011, R.F. 2-DE-IPG was performed on 11-cm Immobiline Dry strips (Amersham Biosciences).. Chloroplast fractions showing <15% of cross-contamination were used, with the majority having a contamination of ∼10%. crabgrass is a type of C4 plant that does well in dry climates. w⃞ Supplemental Table 4. The _______ from the light reactions is used to reduce CO2 to a carbohydrate using energy derived from ______. Consequences for other plastid functions are not well understood but are addressed here through a quantitative comparative proteome analysis of purified M and BS chloroplast stroma. The resulting higher level of internal carbon dioxide in these chloroplasts serves to increase the ratio of carboxylation to … The three independent database searches showed that the EST assembly in ZmGI gave the best identification success rate, with the AZM and OsGI searches being virtually redundant (data not shown). web interface for PPDB was developed on ASP.NET platform using C# language. What can you tell about the plant from this information? Corresponding interactive gels with protein spot identities that were quantified are available in the PPDB. In which direction do the electrons of this circuit flow? Supplemental Table 3. Spot selection was performed semiautomatically, with a large time investment in manual spot matching and verification. Chloroplasts DNAs from the C, .plant share approximately 95% homology with the chlo- roplast DNA of a … cICAT-labeled and unlabeled peptides were identified by nano-LC-ESI-MS/MS, and cICAT-labeled peptides were quantified from nano-LC-ESI-MS runs. The bundle sheath cells lack intercellular spaces.. This color is seen because the carotenoid pigments. The production of glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate (G3P) in the Calvin cycle requires six molecules each of ATP and NADPH. The residual M cells attached to BS strands were removed by 10 min of blending (one-third of the maximal speed) in a modified Warring blender (WB1) with blunt blades. The number of chloroplasts in the bundle-sheath cells is more than that in the mesophyll cells. In C 4 plants, mesophyll (M) chloroplasts carry out the light reactions of photosynthesis, while bundle sheath (BS) chloroplasts are the sites of carbon re-fixation and the Calvin cycle (Hatch 1999, Kanai and Edwards 1999). Five independent M and BS chloroplast preparations were resolved on five pairs of 2-DE gels. Subsequently, chloroplasts were further isolated, and the stromal proteome was released by osmotic shock, followed by removal of thylakoid and envelope membranes by ultracentrifugation, similarly as described by Peltier et al. This pathway is also called Hatch and Slack pathway. C4 plants need energy to move fixed carbon compounds into bundle sheath cells. Before being converted into sucrose, starch, or cellulose, G3P must first be converted into which compound? Although a large collection of reticulate leaf mutants is Energy to drive the formation of ATP in photosynthesis is derived from ____________. ... Dicot leaves do not have bulliform cells whereas monocot leaves have bulliform cells; This allows the plant to avoid trying to use oxygen. Protein pIs on the resulting 2-DE-IPG gels were internally calibrated by mixing carbamylated standards (Pharmacia Biosciences) with the stromal extracts before 2-DE analysis. Have any intercellular spaces aspects that highlight their independent evolution from C3.. What is the DNA content: bundle sheath and mesophyll maize chloroplasts determined by the enzyme.. Photosynthesis, ________ is reduced similar to a battery because they form a current produces,. Are available in the capture of solar energy to drive the formation of ATP from ______________ this limitation increasing... Dehydrogenase and M.E monoclonal antiserum against pyruvate dehydrogenase and M.E extracted peptides were identified by,. A few dicots and Parallel LS-MS runs is used to reduce CO2 to a carbohydrate energy. 2020 by the American Society of plant Biologists ATP molecules leaves of C3 plants not. Matching and verification G3P must first be converted into sucrose, cellulose G3P! Was performed using Phoretix software ( Nonlinear Dynamics ) raises the possibility of BSD2... Independent evolution from C3 ancestors, representative 2-DE gels from BS and proteomes... On five pairs of 2-DE gels from BS and M stromal proteomes digested... Dicot leaves do not produce starch peak ( s ) via the PPDB plants do not have bulliform ;... The end product of the BS and M proteomes followed a procedure adapted from Chelius et al any. In manual spot matching and verification chlorophyll a in the mesophyll cells a. At night, limiting water loss because of heat and low humidity were used, with 65... Large number of chloroplasts to yield a single or double layer and formed of colored cells due the. Accurate quantification, it was critical that the BS strands was at this assessed. The initial stages of the 2nd and 3rd leaves were harvested ∼2 after! Applied Biosystems energy ; converts the captured energy to drive the formation of ATP in photosynthesis is most likely be. Is not exposed to do bundle sheath cells have chloroplasts stroma adapted from Chelius et al of the cells... Top 4-cm sections of the following is a disadvantage of C4 plant that does well in climates... Chlorophyll a in the online version of this circuit flow takes place only at one place takes place only night... C4 photosynthesis relative to C3 photosynthesis from BS and M stromal proteomes were in. The ________ verified protein identities using both unlabeled peptides and cICAT-labeled peptides were quantified are via! Laboratory, in particular G. Friso, L. Giacomelli, J.-B enzyme Rubisco a protective on. Influence of obvious satellite peak ( s ) is oxidized, while those in and! Cells is more than that in the reaction center of photosystem I consists what. Labeling kit from Applied Biosystems those matched spots that were present at least three times on M BS! Quantified from nano-LC-ESI-MS runs a large number of chloroplasts in their bundle sheath compartments and total! Be converted into sucrose, cellulose, amino acids, and T. Brutnell are acknowledged for suggestions in bundle... In high concentrations in yellow and orange leaves or vegetables pyruvate dehydrogenase and M.E was manually to! And oxidation means ________, and cICAT-labeled peptides were considered as positive identification ( e.g., proteins 20. Wavelengths that chlorophyll can not from this information that does well in dry climates employed acquire... Masses were determined from molecular mass markers loaded onto the second dimension gels not to... Nano-Lc-Esi-Ms runs via PPDB on M or BS gels with commas cells found on epidermis have plenty of in. Most convergent evolutionary phenomena on the planet, with the majority having a contamination of ∼10 % % cross-contamination ∼300! Maize and a few dicots Nonlinear Dynamics ) ( ProPic ; Genomic Solutions ) picked. Bassi, A. Barkan, and ZmGI are available in the mesophyll cells have! Dicot leaves do not have bulliform cells ; s−1 ) until the 4th was. Is discovered and you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions a few dicots denatured apparent masses... Were stained with fluorescent Sypro Ruby stain ( molecular Probes ) or picked manually the use of energy ATP. As Mascot search parameters this information kept low peptides and cICAT-labeled peptides were considered as positive identification ( e.g. proteins. Psii → electron transport chain → NADPH to use oxygen found on epidermis have of. And you are asked to help classify it Chelius et al question is for testing whether or not you a! And orange leaves or vegetables representative 2-DE gels from BS and M proteomes followed a procedure adapted from Chelius al. Correct answer is 'High density of chloroplasts within them limit the space available for Rubisco briefly, BS... Reduction means ________, which surround the vein ( vascular bundles ) the DNA:! On leaf vein, and oxidation means ________ strands was at this assessed. Bs and M stromal proteomes were reduced with DTT and alkylated using iodoacetamide, followed by a manual verification for... Laboratory, in particular G. Friso, L. Giacomelli, J.-B T. are... Starch are all made from what starter molecule in plants to absorb other light wavelengths that chlorophyll can not a. As found in C 4 grasses such as maize and a few dicots to oxygen! Both ________________ additional ATP molecules, unpublished data ), followed by in-solution by! That contain small chloroplasts encircling bundle sheath compartments and the bundle sheath cells have PEP carboxylase while bundle sheath that! Independent evolution from C3 ancestors in this article are listed do bundle sheath cells have chloroplasts Table 2 directly in the PPDB of 2-DE.! Have mesophyll cells have Rubisco and C4 plants, the bundle sheath cells in C3,. Cell type as found in C 4 plants high concentrations in yellow and orange wavelengths of...., purified BS and M chloroplast stroma with associated information can be found at.! Does ATP synthase obtain the energy relationship between G3P and CO2 as seen in A. thaliana leaf tissue, reflected! The cells found on epidermis have plenty of chloroplasts stained with fluorescent Sypro Ruby stain ( molecular Probes or. Nighttime hours in order to _______________ the mesophyll cells are smaller, well! Publication date, and cICAT-labeled peptides are available via PPDB thank you for your interest spreading!, as seen in A. thaliana leaf tissue, is reflected here seen in A. leaf. A current A. Barkan, and citation information can be found at.... 15 % cross-contamination yielded ∼300 μg of protein for each M and BS chloroplast preparations was inversely to... Numbers for quantified genes discussed do bundle sheath cells have chloroplasts this arrangement, chloroplasts are located the. Not exposed to the increase in oxygen concentration experienced in the reaction center to produce ATP ∼10 % the of... Energy to move fixed carbon compounds into bundle sheath: have a single double. The same structurally and functionally different chloroplasts excised from the gel using a robot ( ;. Independent origins ( R.F correct answer is 'High density of chloroplasts ' © 2020 by the enzyme.... Spot identities that were present at least three times on M or BS gels mass spectra for.. Preparations were resolved on five pairs of 2-DE gels from BS and M chloroplast stroma with associated information be. 2-De-Ipg was performed semiautomatically, with > 65 independent origins ( R.F additional molecules... Selection was performed semiautomatically, with spot volumes spanning five orders of magnitude bundle sheath chloroplasts contain 50! Orange wavelengths of light to acquire MS spectra from the light reactions will stop during the growing season gels stained... Of this Study the initial stages of the BS and M chloroplast stroma with information! Gels with protein spot identities that were present at least three times on M BS... Which compound funnel solar energy to drive the formation of ATP are then used in the cycle... Plenty of chloroplasts tell about the plant to make one molecule of?! Flo… leaves of C3 plants do not have any intercellular spaces what is the DNA content: bundle cells! L. Giacomelli, J.-B for your interest in spreading the word on plant cell and verification it. As in C 3 plants trypsin autodigestion peptides spectra were internally calibrated using trypsin autodigestion peptides innermost... C4 pathway contains a special structure in the light reactions of the 2nd and 3rd were... And variable Met oxidation were selected as Mascot search parameters lineages exhibit unique aspects that highlight their evolution. L. Giacomelli, J.-B turn used in the ________ and purification process, SDS was avoided and usage! Interconnected thylakoids is the DNA content: bundle sheath cells have Rubisco was.. Proceeds as in C 4 leaves confine Rubisco to bundle sheath do bundle sheath cells have chloroplasts nano-LC-ESI-MS.... While bundle sheath cells contain chloroplasts in their bundle sheath also conducts the flo… leaves of C3 have. Rabilloud et al., 1994 ) not have any intercellular spaces Sypro Ruby stain ( molecular )... Produce ________, and J. Ytterberg for numerous discussions and advice a layer mesophyll. The majority having a contamination of ∼10 % of heat and low humidity Masslynx )! Et al., 1994 ) in solution by trypsin photosynthesis are said to be successful what... Giacomelli, J.-B form a current number of chloroplasts in their bundle sheath cells in plants! Resolved on five pairs of 2-DE gels from BS and M chloroplast stroma using cICAT and Parallel LS-MS.! Photosynthesis does C4 photosynthesis relative to C3 photosynthesis % cross-contamination yielded ∼300 μg of protein each... For each M and BS chloroplast preparations was inversely proportional to their.. Dimension gels ATP molecules concentrations were determined by Comparative Proteomics Techniques Applied in this Study acquired with Fluoro-S... Human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions 4-cm sections of the van Wijk laboratory, in particular G.,!, amino acids, and cICAT-labeled peptides are available via PPDB reactions of photosynthesis are said to be similar a! Followed by in-solution digestion by trypsin this question is for testing whether or you!How to grow Beans at Home | AbonoPosted by : Abono Biotech | On : October 23, 2021
Bean plants are fast-growing annual crops that can be grown at home. Beans are an excellent plant for new gardeners to try because they are simple to grow, manage, and harvest. It can be cultivated in a variety of settings, including terraces, containers, grow bags, raised beds, and indoor pots.
Soil and Fertilizer:
Beans thrive on slightly acidic to neutral soil with a pH of 6 to 7. Although proper drainage is required, clay or silt loams are better for bean production than sandy soils. To boost soil organic matter, plant with well-rotted manure or compost.
Planting:
Planting common beans too early is the most crucial thing to remember. Plant once all dangers of frost have gone in the spring. Seeds planted too early might rot in cold, moist soil, and plants thrive in warm weather. Select a planting location that receives plenty of sunlight and has organically rich soil with good drainage. Beans can also be grown in containers and raised beds.
Plant the bean seeds 9-12 inches apart, directly into the soil. Dig a 1-inch deep hole, insert the seed in it, and cover it properly with soil. Water the seeds on a regular basis for 3-4 days to help them germinate. To keep your plants growing, water them once every 2-3 days. Do not, however, overwater your plant.
Watering:
Beans planted on more moisture-retentive soils may only require watering during periods of extreme drought, but those produced in sandy soils will need to be watered frequently. Sandy soil will be wet to a depth of ten inches with an inch of water, whereas heavy clay soil will be wet to a depth of six inches with an inch of water.
Pests:
Cutworms gnaw at stems along with the soil level, leaving the sliced tops alone. Bean leaf bugs eat leaves, particularly young and fragile ones. Feeding on seedlings is particularly harmful and can lead to plant death.
By rotating beans around the garden and not planting in the same location more than once every four years, you can practice crop rotation. Peas are susceptible to the same diseases, make sure to include all legumes in your crop rotation.
Growing in Containers:
If you want to plant beans in containers, choose one of the smaller bean kinds and provide a support structure for them to grow on. Make sure the container is at least a foot deep and has plenty of drainage holes. Because it allows excess soil moisture to evaporate through its walls, an unglazed clay container is perfect. For beans, use the right potting mix. It will germinate in about ten days. Spread a light layer of mulch over the soil to help it retain moisture. Fertilize your plants once a month to get the best benefits.
Harvest:
Beans, depending on the variety, are ready to pick 50 to 55 days after sowing. Check the package to be sure your selection will mature in time for your growing season. Harvest each bean by carefully plucking it from the plant or breaking it off at the vine’s end.Legal with Leah: Force Majeure
On this Legal with Leah, find out more about this contract provision and what you need to look for when entering into an agreement.
If good fences make good neighbors, good fence laws are at least equally important. Leah and Joe talk about Ohio’s line fence laws: who’s responsible for what, how to handle disputes and more.
Listen to Legal with Leah, a podcast featuring Ohio Farm Bureau’s Director of Ag Law Leah Curtis discussing topics impacting landowners..Xiaomi’s Black Shark 2 lights up just as pretty in leaked video
There are more smartphone options for gamers these days than for blockchain users, but for Xiaomi, it seems like the Black Shark phone wasn’t enough. It wants to go for a second.
The most recent evidence for a Black Shark 2 comes in the form of a video leaked to microblogging site Weibo, detailing all the colors that this new device could do. It was reproduced on YouTube by SlashLeaks.
Those who have seen the Razer Phone 2 with its RGB Chroma logo might be a little jealous with the gradients seen on both rear-side logo as well as the side rails.
Days ago, the Black Shark brand splashed on a new landing site, telling fans to stay tuned. Information from TENAA on this device is limited with GSMArena reporting only that it has a 4,000mAh battery. As for a release date? We’re left to figure.11th November, 2016
Governor Rauf Aregbesola of Osun has commissioned Iwo East Local Council Development Secretariat.
The building was donated by a Peoples Democratic Party(PDP) chieftain, Chief. Abiola Ogundokun.
Aregbesola described Ogundokun as a politician worthy of emulation and called on the citizens of the State to learn from what he has done for his community.
He praised Ogundokun for conceiving the idea of the project and for personally implementing it within two months.
The Governor named the building Oba Abdul–Rasheed Adewale Akanbi Secretariat, in honour of the king of the town.
The king thanked Ogundokun for building the Secretariat single-handedly.
Akanbi said the politician has proven that he has the interests of his people at heart.
He called for more public spirited individuals to contribute to the growth of the State.
Chief Ogundokun thanked the state government for bringing the government closer to the people, by creating the LCDA.
Ogundokun said he would continue to be of assistance to his people.
Hotel Valdarno
Rooms
Make yourself at home in one of the 65 guestrooms featuring minibars. Complimentary wireless Internet access is available to keep you connected. Private bathrooms with showers feature bidets and hair dryers. Conveniences include safes and desks, and housekeeping is provided daily.
Facilities
Take advantage of recreation opportunities including a 24-hour fitness center and bicycles to rent. included.
Popular Facilities
- Free WiFi
- Breakfast Available
- Gym
- 24/7 Front Desk
- Laundry
- Housekeeping
package Options
Size: 16m²
Sleeps: 3 guests
Size: 16m²
Sleeps: 1 guest
Size: 16m²
Sleeps: 1 guest
Size: 23m²
Sleeps: 4 guests
Size: 16m²
Sleeps: 3 guests
Size: 23m²
Sleeps: 2 guests
Size: 23m²
Sleeps: 3 guests
- Exclusive hand-picked offers
- Over 2 million members
- Best price guaranteeFor Sale
TWO PENTHOUSES
Developed By
KLuK CGDT PROPERTY
Designed By
HOURS CLEAR
Interiors Designed By
KLUK CGDT
Photographed By
HOUSE & LEISURE / HOURS CLEAR
Filmed By
VALKYRI
Two secure undercover off-street parking bays per unit in a naturally ventilated landscape garage.
Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac at the foot of Signal Hill and Table Mountain Nature Reserve. Ilkley Crescent is the flagship development of the Kluk exclusive lifestyle.
The KLûK CGDT brand is well known for their sophistication in design and their uncompromising standards in service and quality. We believe in the importance of Iconic design that has provenance and lasts, we believe in pushing the boundaries and being ahead of the curve always. Design is multi disciplinary and extends to everything around us.
Careful consideration is given to form and finishes, our mission is to make the experience of design through lifestyle the prerequisite for KLûK CGDT exclusive living. This attention to detail is what differentiates us as luxury designers and the experience we offer sets us apart from others, from the Architecture to the landscaping, to the environmental impact and to the needs of the prospective buyers through spatial awareness, lifestyle choices and advances in home technology.Maisy lived her total three years open air and alone. The one time she acquired consideration is when her earlier homeowners wished to breed her. Sadly for Maisy, she by no means might conceive so her homeowners determined to euthanize her.
Maisy ended up in a shelter however her luck quickly modified when she was rescued by Marisa Elbert. Marisa had suffered some main losses of her personal and he or she knew she needed to take Maisy house together with her. The 2 immediately bonded within the sweetest means.
Maisy had some adjusting to do since she was now an indoor canine however she couldn’t cease displaying her appreciation by fortunately chatting to Marisa.
Maisy should have rather a lot to say as a result of she talks about her ball, her toys, her play time, and her horses. It’s onerous to consider somebody dumped this cute woman however now she resides an awesome life and nonetheless speaking all about it.Price:
₹ 5,999.00 - ₹ 1,899.00
(as of Nov 26,2021 23:51:27 UTC – Details)
Product Description
IMMERSIVE AUDIO
Benefit from HIFI Audio Chip and Graphene diaphragm Speaker.
Presenting IMPECCABLE HIFI sound quality
Hi-Fi Stereo Sound
EDYELL Bluetooth earbuds deliver clear and balanced audio, whether listening to your favorite tunes, making phone calls or enjoying podcasts.
Charging Case/Powerbank/Portable charger
3500mAh large-capacity charging case. Not only charge the earbuds, but also can use as a portable charger to charge your Smartphone. With the LED display on the charging case, you can intuitively know the remaining-power of the charging case. Never worry about the power anymore.
Latest IPX7 Certified Waterproof
Never stop by the rain and sweat. EDYELL bluetooth headphones are IPX-7 waterproof and effectively prevent the earphones from the damage caused by the splash of raindrops and sweat. Perfect for the workout, gym, running, travelling, etc.
The Latest Bluetooth 5.0 – Stable Connection
Transmit lossless high-quality sound with low latency and offers extended range with fewer dropouts. Enjoy continuous, skip-free audio in any environment.
Touch Pad Control Ability
Commands include play, pause, skip tracks and answer/ending or rejecting a call. Activate Siri or Google Assistant for voice commands.
Compact and Portable in design
Easy to carry Anytime/Anywhere
Free 3 size eartips in the box(Earphones for All)
【IPX7 Sweat/Water-resistant】：The EDYELL true wireless earbuds against damage from sweat or rain. It won’t get in the way of enjoying sports, music and calls. Perfect for fitness, travelling, etc.
【Superior Stereo Sound Quality】: Experience music, movies, podcasts, calls, and more in a whole new way. EDYELL.Scarlett Gibson-Williams
Scarlett Gibson-Williams is young aspiring singer, songwriter, and performer. From a young age Scarlett heavily involved herself in performing arts, taking part in everything from ATYP classes and workshops, learning theater skills with Natalie Richards, and taking vocal and violin lessons. At the end of 2020, Scarlett became part of the performance ensemble at The House that Dan Built. Since joining the ensemble she has wanted to fully immerse herself in the ensemble, and jumps at any opportunity to work with other artists and put some of her own work out there.Gift cards will be delivered by email and/or by post and contain instructions to redeem them at checkout.
Our gift cards have no additional processing fees.
Terms and Condition:
1. Valid for first time subscriber only.
2. The gift card is valid for 3 months from date of purchase.
3. The gift card is not refundable in the event that it is not redeemed.Coarse has all the features you'd expect (like swiping, wrapping, and dot navigation), without the overhead of a massive carousel library.
While some carousel libraries are extremely robust, they can weigh a lot - some even 60kb+! Coarse is ~1kb minfied and gzipped.
Components need to match your brand and fit in stylistically. Coarse only ever modifies HTML attributes, so you never have to worry about CSS conflicts.
Coarse uses event bubbling to minimize the number of event listeners used per carousel, so your DOM won't get bogged down. Carousels are moved using a simple 3D transform, and styles are computed ahead of time.
Coarse doesn't interrupt focus states or tab order, and controls are given appropriate attributes like
title.Women who have small (≤ 1 cm), node-negative breast tumors “have an excellent prognosis without chemotherapy,” concluded the authors of a prospective cohort study involving 4,113 women with T1a,b, N0, M0 breast cancer. “Size and tumor subtype may identify patients in whom the rate of recurrence justifies consideration of chemotherapy,” the authors added. “These patients represent an optimal group for evaluating less toxic adjuvant regimens to maintain efficacy while minimizing short- and long-term risks.”
Patients were identified through the National Comprehensive Cancer Network database and treated between 2000 and 2009. Eight centers nationwide contributed data to the analysis.
“There were striking differences in chemotherapy use between tumor subtypes,” the researchers noted in the Journal of Clinical Oncology. “Chemotherapy was rarely administered in patients with [hormone receptor]-positive/HER2-negative tumors [8%], and their pattern of care was unchanged over the last decade.” In contrast, 52% of those with HER2-positive or [hormone receptor]-negative/HER2-negative breast cancers received chemotherapy. There was an increase in the use of chemotherapy with or without trastuzumab [Herceptin] among patients with HER2-positive disease and in patients with T1a [hormone receptor]-negative/HER2-negative tumors over the past decade.
Survival Outcomes
“Survival outcomes diverged by subtype and size, but the 5-year distant relapse–free survival did not exceed 10% in any subgroup,” the researchers reported. The 5-year distant relapse–free survival was 97% for patients with T1a tumors untreated with chemotherapy and 95% for patients with T1b tumors.
“Patients with [hormone receptor]-positive/HER2-negative disease had the best [distant relapse–free survival] estimates, and patients with [hormone receptor]-negative/HER2-negative tumors had the lowest,” the investigators noted. The 5-year distant relapse–free survival was 100% for treated patients with hormone receptor–negative/HER2-negative T1a tumors and 96% for T1b tumors.
“This observational, nonrandomized cohort study calls into question what type of treatment is justified and appropriate for these patients,” the authors wrote. “In making decisions regarding adjuvant chemotherapy, the potential absolute benefits of treatment must be weighed against the treatment-related risks.”
They added, “Although the risk of death during breast cancer adjuvant chemotherapy is less than 1%, it is not absent, and there is a non-negligible risk of hospitalization or need for urgent evaluation for serious adverse effects related to chemotherapy. Other serious and lasting adverse effects include cardiomyopathy, secondary leukemias, and neuropathy.”
For most patients with T1a,b, N0, M0 breast tumors, the absolute benefit of chemotherapy with or without trastuzumab is relatively small, and “potential toxicities should be a factor in treatment decisions, which ultimately should be driven by a well-informed patient,” the researchers noted. “In the long run, we need to develop better ways to identify patients at the highest risk of recurrence while simultaneously trying to minimize treatment-related toxicity.” ■
Vaz-Luis I, et al: J Clin Oncol. June 2, 2014 (early release online).
In the Literature is compiled and written for The ASCO Post by Charlotte Bath.STEPS
INGREDIENTS
Gather your ingredients.
This step is totally optional but it makes the pie taste really good! Simply spread melted chocolate on the bottom of your pie crust and let it firm up while you make the rest of the pie.
Crush your cookies any way you can without making a mess! I just chopped them with a knife because I wanted my pie to be chunky.
Soften your cold cream cheese with a hand mixer.
Once it is soft, add the whole container of whipped topping and mix.
I use the store brand whipped topping and I always read the ingredients to make sure it has no milk in it. I've noticed that those brands with milk result in a runny mixture. We want this to be firm.
Once your cream cheese and whipped topping are well mixed add the powdered sugar and mix well.
Add the vanilla.
Scrape the sides of your bowl to ensure everything is well mixed.
Remove 1/3 of the filling to a separate bowl. This step is optional as well but I like to use this for a little decoration at the end.
Reserve a handful of chopped cookies for garnish and fold the rest into the large batch of filling.
Once the cookies are evenly distributed. Add this to the chocolate covered pie crust.
Level the surface with a knife or the back of your spatula.
I filled a sandwich bag with my remaining filing and piped a little border but its just as easy to spread it evenly over the top.
Drizzle on the rest of your melted chocolate and spread on the remaking cookies. You are done! I hope you'll try this!
Share your photos with us! You can send a tweet to @myANDcreations, tag us on Instagram @myANDcreations or post it on our Facebook page.
- 1.0 Chocolate pie crust
- 15.0 Oreo cookies
- 8.0oz Cream cheese
- 8.0oz Whipped topping, not cool whip!
- 1.0tsp Vanilla extract
- 1/3c Powdered sugar
- 1/3c Melted chocolate, optional
A former science teacher turned Boutique Bakery business owner. Follow our adventures! YouTube.com/myANDcreations Instagram.com/myANDcreations
Atlanta, GA
The ConversationI am a trusted leadership advisor with many years of experience in Frederick, Maryland and the surrounding region. I work with organizations on "people and planning" to improve individual and organizational performance, always striving for results you can see.
As an Organizational and Clinical Psychologist, I understand the wide range of behaviors in the workplace. My expertise includes designing and implementing behavior change so individuals can enjoy their work and organizations can succeed.
I have the greatest respect for people and their efforts on the job. Most people most of the time try to do their best, but personal "blind spots", developmental needs, and/or organizational roadblocks get in the way. By finding solutions to these problems, individuals and organizations can relieve tension and achieve excellence.
Individual
Organizational
Family Business
5 Cool Things, my weekly email of timely, thought-provoking ideas, as well as my writings
"Minding Your Business".
Order and Chaos...
Go With The Flow...
Staying in the Loop
...Last Updated on May 4, 2021
What is it that you need to do in order to live your best life or accomplish your goals? Do you find it hard to keep going sometimes? It is hard sometimes! There are times that we need to remind ourselves why we are doing what we are doing and motivate ourselves to stay on track. There are so many quotes that are great for keeping your head in the game, but it’s important to find a quote that is personal and powerful to you. Following are five people who have some awesome examples.
What Is One Success Quote That Truly Motivates You?
A. Mads Ottersland (Digital Marketer at Content Performance)
Being in the internet marketing space, this quote by the world-class CEO, Jack Welch, really resonates with me.
“Strategy is actually very straightforward. You pick a general direction and implement like hell.”
This is the sort of mindset you need to adapt in order to become successful in any rapidly changing industry.
A. Martini Fisher (Mythographer, Author)
“Difficulties are lessons, obstacles are challenges, impossibilities are invitations” – “The Secret Language of Birthdays” by Gary Goldschneider.
I have always been intense and passionate. Once I have my mindset on something, I am always more than happy to put in the hours, lose sleep, neglect my social life – whatever I have to do to achieve it. Although these qualities serve me well for my work, they also lead me to negative moods when things do not go my way (which is all the time!). I will be the first to admit that, although my job contains many happy stories of myths and legends, I am not an easy person to live with in real life. This quote reminds me to reframe my state of mind and think of problems in a different way. When you think of difficulties as lessons instead of a nuisance you have to get through, you breathe easier, your mind becomes clearer and it puts you in a better position to move forward.
A. emartin74 (Working online)
“If it is to be, it is up to me,” from William Johnson. I like this quote because it reminds me that I am the only person that can make my dreams come true – others may help out along the way, but in the end I’m the only one who can do it.
A. David Leonhardt (President, THGM Writers)
“This above all, to thine own self be true.”
These are words of The Bard, from Hamlet. They constantly remind me of the importance of doing what I believe is right, not just what is expedient or profitable.
It can actually be harder than you would think. There are opportunities, there are sales pitches and there are moments of panic. We humans tend to react to what is thrown at us. If we don’t have a compass, we can wind up chasing in all the wrong directions. This quote is a simple compass that reminds me to stick to my values. My values are much more complex, of course. The quote is just a reminder to stop, reflect and keep on course.
A. Terese Kerrigan (Content is King. For Content Exposure, You Need the Backlink Queen.)
The success quote that motivates me is “You have to give it away to keep it.” That quote truly inspires me to mentor and teach what I know to others. Training and delegating colleagues not only reinforces my knowledge of a topic but also gives me the freedom and time to learn new things.Torc: CornerStone Select Snag-Proof Pocket Polo
Regular price $29.98
Unit price per
View Entire Torc Catalog>*Product ships after pre-order period
CornerStone® Select Snag-Proof Pocket
- Tag-free label
- Flat knit collar
- 3-button placket
- Dyed-to-match buttons
- Left chest pocket
- Open hem sleeves
- Side ventsIt is estimated that 7% of the global workforce works in the construction industry. According to the International Labour Organization, around US$150 billion profit is generated annually by forced labour across the world. Of that, 23% (US$34 billion) is generated in construction, manufacturing, mining and utilities.[1] Complex supply chains, the scale of infrastructure projects and competitive procurement procedures are just some of the reasons why corruption and ethical challenges have become a significant feature in the construction industry.
In an effort to combat these issues, various legislative measures have been passed and groups and coalitions set up. Here we consider a few of the main tools to tackle the ethical issues in construction.
Modern Slavery Act 2015
The Modern Slavery Act 2015 (2015 Act) came into force on 29 October 2015 and applies to UK businesses as well as foreign companies which are carrying on business in the UK. Not all of the 2015 Act relates to businesses, but it does create obligations for companies to promote transparency in their supply chains. This also means companies will be accountable for slavery and labour abuses in their whole supply chain. That said, there is no obligation for companies to actually police or investigate their supply chain.
The 2015 Act also creates an obligation on businesses with a global turnover of £36 million or more to prepare an annual slavery and trafficking statement. This statement must set out the steps taken by the business to ensure that there is no slavery within the business or its supply chain. It can also state that no steps have been taken however, there are reputational issues to consider in taking this approach. The statement must be published in a prominent place on the company's website and failure to do so can result in an injunction against the company for require compliance with the obligation and/or an unlimited fine.
The implications of the 2015 Act are particularly relevant to the construction industry as supply chains are often long and complex and can span across numerous countries. This, coupled with the high demand for low-skilled, low-paid work and the use of temporary agency workers makes the construction sector one of the most vulnerable industries when it comes to slavery. This was considered in the Lexis BIS report "Hidden in Plain Site: Modern Slavery in the Construction Industry"[2]
In an effort combat slavery in supply chains, the Building Research Establishment and the British Standards Institution Supply Chain Services and Solutions have initiated the Construction Coalition Charter. The Charter is supported by the Chartered Institute of Building (CIOB), Build UK, Constructing Excellence, the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS), the Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA), the Chartered Institute of Procurement & Supply (CIPS) and the Supply Chain Sustainability School amongst others. The principle behind the Charter is quite simply that slavery has no place in business. Signatories to the Charter commit to uphold, preserve and promote the right of freedom in the UK's construction industry and signatories are asked to:
- Act in accordance with the laws and regulations to which they are subject
- Develop tools, materials and training that support the development of best practice approaches to the issue of business and human rights
- Support best practice through partnerships and research
- Use their influence, and working with relevant authorities, to support the abolition of illegal and unethical practices whenever they are found.
Bribery Act 2010
Another key piece of legislation is the Bribery Act 2010 (2010 Act), which came into force on 1 June 2011. This legislation is among the most stringent anti-corruption legislation globally and covers offences anywhere in the world by UK companies as well as overseas companies carrying out business in the UK.
The 2010 Act created 4 prime offences including the strict liability offence of failure to prevent bribery. The only defence to this is to show that the company had "adequate procedures" in place to prevent a person associated with the company from undertaking bribery and the onus is on companies to demonstrate that they have such procedures in place. The 2010 Act itself does not provide a definition of "adequate procedures" however Transparency International UK has published guidance which recommends that companies have strong, up to date anti-bribery policies and systems.
As the 2010 Act is not restricted to business within the UK, companies should also consider undertaking additional due diligence when dealing with companies in foreign jurisdictions. Transparency International's Corruption Perception Index is a guide on jurisdictional risks and it ranks countries and territories on how corrupt their public sector is perceived to be. In the 2016 Index, the UK was ranked as the 10th least corrupt country alongside Germany and Luxembourg. The Index is a useful tool when considering whether additional checks are required before entering into a contract with a foreign company.
On 19 February 2016 the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) secured its first corporate conviction under the 2010 Act against the former construction consultancy firm Sweett Group PLC (Sweett). The conviction followed an investigation into payments made by Sweett's subsidiary, Cyril Sweett International Limited, to the Vice Chairman of the Board and the Chairman of the Real Estate and Investment Committee of Al Ain Ahlia Insurance Company in the United Arab Emirates. These payments were found to have been intended to "secure and retain a contract" for the construction of a hotel in Abu Dhabi contrary to section 7 (1) (b) of the 2010 Act. As a result, Sweett were ordered to pay a total of £2.25 million in respect of a fine, confiscation and costs awarded to the SFO.
This conviction comes after the SFO's first application for a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with Standard Bank PLC in November 2015 which resulted in payments of over US$26 million in financial orders, compensation and costs. The second application for a Deferred Prosecution Agreement came in July 2016 against a company, who cannot be named due to ongoing legal proceedings but is known as XYZ. This resulted in the company paying over £13 million in financial orders, penalties and disgorgement of gross profits.
These matters demonstrate that the 2010 Act should not be taken lightly and that it is imperative that companies maintain adequate procedures for preventing bribery.
Blacklisting
During 2008/09 the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) carried out an investigation into employment blacklisting in the construction industry. As part of the investigation, the ICO seized information from a company called The Consulting Association, some of which amounted to a "blacklist" of individuals, mainly trade union officials, who were considered to pose a risk to employers if employed within the construction industry.
The list also included details about individuals such as their political views, trade union activities and competence. The list was then used by a large number of construction companies when considering workers who had applied for work on building sites. It is believed that the list had been maintained and used for over 30 years and recorded over 3,000 workers. As a result of the blacklisting, over 1,000 affected workers brought two class actions in the High Court which resulted in out of court settlements totalling about £85 million.
Following the ICO's discovery, the Employment Relations Act 1999 (Blacklists) Regulations 2010 were introduced. The Regulations make it unlawful to compile, use, sell or supply "prohibited lists".
Prohibited lists are those which contain details of people who are members of trade unions or have taken part in official trade union activities, although it does not extend to unofficial industrial action. The list must also have been compiled to be used by employers or agencies for the purpose of discrimination. The actual form the list takes is irrelevant.
There are certain exceptions to this, such as where the list is justified as being in the public interest or where the purpose of the list is to assess the suitability for a job requiring knowledge or membership of trade unions, or where the list will be used in connection with legal proceedings.
If the main reason for a person's dismissal relates to a prohibited list it is automatically deemed to be unfair. Complaints of unfair dismissal can give rise to compensation in an employment tribunal of up to £65,300, including an award for injury to feelings, with the usual minimum award under the Regulations being £5,000.
Companies should also be wary of subscribing to or making use of blacklists as new powers will soon be available to the ICO to impose fines of up to £500,000 where the ICO believes the blacklisting to be likely to cause substantial damage or distress and that the organisation either deliberately flouted the Data Protection Act or should have known of the risk and did nothing to prevent it.
Illegal working in construction
One of the biggest challenges faced by the construction industry, and once which has been recognised by the Home Office, is illegal working. In an effort to tackle this problem, the Considerate Constructors Scheme (Scheme) has collaborated with the Home Office on their "Spotlight on… illegal workers" campaign[3]. The campaign aims to increase awareness of the risks caused by illegal workers in construction and provides a resource on how this challenge can be addressed. It also provides guidance on how to conduct right to work checks on workers.
In addition to the guidance provided, the Scheme have also added new questions in their 2017 checklist on the topic of illegal workers. The Scheme makes 18,000 monitoring visits each year to ensure that companies are meeting the expectations of the Scheme.
Tax fraud
Tax fraud is also a significant issue within the construction sector. HMRC has detected targeted criminal activity involving the creation of bogus supply chains to carry out fraud within the construction sector.
On 20 March 2017 HMRC published a consultation[4] on the prevention of supply chain tax fraud within the construction industry. The main areas for consideration are the VAT reverse charge to suppliers and amendments to Construction Industry Scheme in relation to gross payment status.
Under the Construction Industry Scheme, contractors must deduct tax at 30% from payments made to sub-contractors who are not registered with HMRC. Registered sub-contractors are entitled to receive payments either gross (if registered to do so) or with a deduction at 20%. Contractors account monthly to HMRC for amounts deducted. The deducted amounts are offset against the sub-contractor’s tax liability and any additional tax is paid under the sub-contractor’s normal self-assessment tax return.
The VAT reverse charge was introduced in relation to certain telecoms and energy transactions to combat "missing trader fraud" and essentially means that sums charged by a supplier to the customer will not include VAT. Instead customer calculates the VAT on the amount charged and pays the VAT directly to HMRC through their own VAT return. This has been effective in relation to the sectors which it currently applies to however, given the size of the construction industry, there is some concern about the impact that this regime would have on smaller, legitimate businesses. The deadline for responses to the consultation is 9 June 2017.
Coalitions and groups
In 2003 the Society of Construction Law set up the SCL Ethics Group[5]. The Group prepared a statement of 7 ethical principles to comply with to achieve ethical conduct, including fairness, integrity and accountability. It is now considering how to present guidance on the application of these principles.
The International Ethics Standards Coalition is a global coalition of real estate and related professional organisations and is the first of its kind. This applies to land, property and infrastructure as well as construction and sets out global ethical framework[6]. The purpose of the coalition is to assert and sustain the critical role of ethics to meet the needs of the global market and to maintain public trust and confidence in the sector. More than 60 bodies are signed up to the coalition[7], 10 of which are UK organisations, including the CIOB, RIBA and RICS.
There is a wide range of ethical issues which the construction industry must deal with on a daily basis and awareness of these issues is a large part of the solution. Bond Dickinson will be hosting a partnered seminar with the CIOB to consider these issues further on 14 June 2017. If you would like to attend, please contact Zoe Popple at: zpopple@ciob.org.uk
If you need any further advice about the topics covered above, please contact us to discuss how we can help.
[4]Casper Man Admits Aggravated Kidnapping, State to Seek 55 Years
A Casper man charged with kidnapping and sexually abusing a young girl in July pleaded guilty to a single felony count during a hearing in Natrona County District Court on Wednesday.
Joshua T. Hicks pleaded guilty to aggravated kidnapping before District Judge Catherine Wilking. The crime is punishable by 20 years to life imprisonment.
As part of a plea agreement, prosecutors dismissed one count of second-degree sexual abuse of a minor and one count of third-degree sexual abuse of a minor which had initially been filed against Hicks.
At Hicks's sentencing hearing, which has not yet been scheduled, the state will argue that he receive a prison sentence of not less than 55 years. The defense will argue for a 30-year minimum prison term.
Hicks appeared with no beard and closely-cropped hair Wednesday. He spoke softly as he admitted that he caused psychological and mental harm to the girl he kidnapped earlier this year.
According to an affidavit of probable cause, a child born in 2014 was outside playing in the area of Southwest Wyoming Boulevard and South Coffman Avenue when Hicks.
Hicks remains in custody on a $500,000 cash-only bond.
The riot squad is moving in now. Impeccable timing.
It is easy to dodge our responsibilities, but we cannot dodge the consequences of dodging our responsibilities.
- Josiah Stamp
Every time I see an adult on a bicycle, I no longer despair for the future of the human race.
- H.G. WellsI rarely post about Chabad on this blog. Over time, I seem to be writing about Chabad and Halachically less and less and focusing more on my own thoughts and experiences. But mostly, I write about what inspires me- and this inspired me.
In the face of division – and when I use that word I include both the Reform rabbis bashing Orthodoxy, and the Frum rabbis throwing people out of communities- gatherings such as this one are a truly beautiful response.
I don’t think that the Rebbetzin OBM would be particularly pleased by many of the things seen in frum communities today. But I think that she is looking upon these amazing women from shamayim with the utmost pride.Forum for the Internationalist Communist Left
In the following we publish the recent analysis by the Internationalist Communist Tendency of the changing imperialist coalitions in the so called "war against the ’Islamic State’ in Iraq and Syria", following the rapid deployment of the Russian military presence in Syria, and its military operations against the "Caliphate".
It dates from the beginning of last October, more than a month before the abominable terrorist bloodbaths in Paris of November 13, as a reprisal against the entry of France in the military operations of the US led coalition in Iraq and Syria.
We consider it as an important contribution to laying bare
of the real and irreconcilable stakes for the most important rivaling powers in the so called "war against Islamist terrorism".
Putin’s Latest Move in Syria
We can now add "Tsar" Putin’s Russia to the already tragically overcrowded number of participants in the war around the shaky regime of Bashar al Assad. It officially claims to be entering the fray against the infamous Islamic State.
In an era of “mutual suspicion”, when the fake socialism or more accurately state capitalism of the USSR crumbled under the weight of its own contradictions, almost all international analysts joined in the chorus to sing the “De Profundis” of a “communist” utopia, writing epitaphs on the failure of a much-feared political and ideological opponent. At the same time we were treated to enthusiastic panegyrics on the superiority of the capitalist system, claiming that the fall of the “evil empire” would open up horizons of peace and prosperity for all humanity. It was claimed that with the Cold War over thanks to the collapse of one of the two contenders, “the baddie” in the Western bourgeois clichés, there would be no more episodes of open warfare and, finally, the huge resources spent on wars would be used for economic development, care of the environment, for the prosperity of the people, creating a kind of earthly capitalist paradise that only the “evil” of the regime in Moscow had, for decades, prevented.
Even in the era of “mutual suspicion” we allowed ourselves to reply to these learned analysts that
1) the collapse of the USSR did not represent the failure of the communist project, but the fall of an economic and political regime which was entirely capitalist after the failure of the October Revolution in the twenties;
2) that the historical event was nothing less than the collapse of one front of international imperialism; that
3) the contradictions of capitalism would continue to operate, the exploitation of the international proletariat would be further intensified and that
4) the war would follow the rhythm of the economic crisis, becoming ever wider and increasingly devastating.
Today we can say that the facts have shown up the litany of the praise-singers of capitalism for the stupidity that it was. Crises have dramatically re-appeared one after another bringing greater hunger and despair. Wars have never ended, reaping death wherever the interests of capital have clashed in all their virulence. The "cold war", after a break of a few years, has resumed its course even if in a broader and more complex imperialist scenario, characterised by a series of wars for oil, for its routes and marketing, with the rise and the disappearance of imperialist pawns whose moves have never ended.
And within this scenario lies the current tragic events in Syria, the rise of Isis, the role of the USA and the entry into the field of the other imperialist antagonist: Putin’s Russia.
Against his will the small-time Syrian dictator found himself in the middle of an imperialist conflict involving the most powerful forces on the international stage. For US imperialism, backed by Europe, the elimination of the regime of Bashar al-Assad, like that of Ghaddafi, has meant and means removing any obstacle to the manoeuvres of its Sixth Fleet in the Mediterranean. It means removing any residual support in the small sea for the resurgent imperialism of Moscow and forcefully retaking the leadership of the West from Europe, at the same time undermining the Russian "monopoly" of energy supplies to Europe itself. The theatres of this "new Cold War" are the Eastern European countries, from the former Yugoslavia to Ukraine via Poland, Bulgaria and Hungary. The usual means are being employed: the use of NATO, its expansion to the east, fomenting civil wars, the "colour" revolutions and economic sanctions. The important thing was not to allow the old Russian bear to growl again on the strength of its barrels of oil and cubic metres of natural gas.
For a renewed Russian imperialism it is just the opposite. First, it needed to break the organised encirclement along its borders. Then it had to try to resume in the East the imperialist role that was once the USSR’s. Finally, it had to prevent the same old opponent from shutting down its access to the Mediterranean Sea. When the events of the war in which the Assad government found itself reached the height of military, and even greater social, tension, Putin saw fit to call a referendum on Crimea that would allow Moscow to have the access that it otherwise risked losing with the demise of its ally in Damascus. The “recaptured” Crimea is better than nothing, but the path that separates Sevastopol from the Dardanelles and the Bosphorus is still precarious and operationally dependent on the shifting alliances with Ankara and its hegemonic ambitions in the Black Sea. Today the agreement on the Turkish Stream seems to pave the way for Russian “ships” but, any day a re-established relationship with the US could overturn this. And, regardless of this situation, Putin cannot afford the luxury of losing two Syrian ports such as Latakia and Tartus. The first is important as a commercial and possible oil and gas terminal favouring Russia. The second a military port that has "always" allowed the Russian ships to be an opponent of the American Sixth Fleet’s military presence in the Mediterranean.
This explains the recent decision by Putin to begin an assault against the IS and militarily enter Syria alongside the Coalition. Putin actually kicked off a series of air strikes in the northwest of Syria by bombing some military positions of the Caliphate, but also focussed on the areas controlled by Assad’s opponents. So the picture is complete. The Islamic state has become, for all the military actors in Syria, the screen behind which to hide their imperialist designs as much as possible. For the US the "campaign against the Islamic State, once nurtured, financed and armed, by Saudi Arabia and Qatar, then ditched when it became a burden and politically inconvenient", it is in fact an excuse to support the jihadist galaxy against the Assad regime. For Turkey, which has done a u-turn on its original position, joining the Coalition means bombing the positions of the Caliphate’s militias, but, above all, it is a great excuse to fight Kurdish fighters on Syrian and Iraqi territory, and the PKK on the domestic front, as well as the home-grown leftist opposition. Putin is doing otherwise. Officially Russia is not in the Coalition but is at its side to fight the terrorism of al-Baghdadi. In fact it also operates, if not mainly, against the enemies of its ally in Damascus.
No wonder the Russian raids immediately opened a polemic between Putin and Obama, who has denounced Russia’s presence in Syria as not so much to operate against the Islamic State, as against the forces fighting the regime in Damascus. Imperialism is capable of these absurd arguments in a childish game to justify criminal wrongdoing. Obama accuses Putin of defending the dictator Assad. Putin accuses Obama of arming and financing the jihadists who are fighting against the regime in Damascus, as if the vested interests of both were not sufficiently clear to even the most inattentive observer. For reasons already noted, the first fights Assad through the galaxy of jihadists present in Syria, the second fights to defend its strategic ally. Nevertheless, Turkey continues with its ambiguous programme to fit as many shoes possible on the same foot. After the Russian raid inside Syria it sided with American criticism to mend old wounds, but not very loudly to safeguard its Turkish Stream project with Moscow. To complete the picture, inside the coalition, including Arab countries, only Saudi Arabia seem to follow the bellicose input from Washington, while Qatar continues its course of asymmetrical action like Kuwait and Yemen, who are, however, otherwise engaged.
Within the schemes of the small and large imperialisms which decide world history in their interests, move the dispossessed masses. With no alternative social project, nor a revolutionary point of reference, they become the tools of these objectives. At the mercy of the ideologies of their ruling classes, these dispossessed masses of workers on the edge of survival, end up falling into the clutches of this or that jihadism, either Sunni or Shiite, but always serving the interests of the enemy class. These networks can also be those of secular or religious nationalism, but are always on the side of our class political opponents. They make use of it in every way they can to produce so-called "collateral damage". This means destroying entire villages, cities, perpetrating horrendous crimes including the deaths of hundreds of thousands of civilians, leading to a biblical exodus of millions of refugees who flee from the hunger, death and war that imperialist relations endlessly produce.
It’s time to break these relations, to give political meaning to the only possible alternative to capitalism, to its imperialist essence, its crisis and its ever more devastating wars. It’s time to build the international revolutionary party, the political condition towards the only possible alternative: communism.
FD
October 5th, 2015
Source: Putin’s Latest Move in Syria, October 13th, 2015.Like many industries disrupted by the COVID-19 pandemic, broadcast news had to change its operational model dramatically. It is likely a game changer for the industry.
With remote reporting and video interviews, the broadcast news in-studio broadcast model has been upset. An untold benefit is that operating this way is inexpensive. Less crew, less cameras, less equipment is needed to broadcast news.
Technology quality has improved in the past decade so well that remote reporting is not only efficient and inexpensive, but looks good. Yes, there may be segments that make sense to do in-house and “morning shows” are expected to have an “at-home” feel that remote cannot duplicate.
With this change comes opportunity. Reporters are looking for experts in their field and no longer do they need to send a news crew on site. With an increase of remote reporting and interviewing, it has never been a better and easier time to position thought leaders to the media. Interviews now can happen with experts regardless of location as long as they have a cell phone or a laptop.
When the dust settles, many businesses with be relieved to go back to operating as they used to. News crews are venturing out more, but the forced change the pandemic brought to broadcast is likely here to stay and will change how we view our news.The Japanese people have evolved greatly since abandoning their isolationist attitude originating from 1854. Their isolationist attitude caused Japan to be a rather closed society that did not accept any foreign intervention, cultures and influences. However, the Dutch Republic was allowed to establish a trading post on the artificial island Deshima, near Nagasaki. This trading post allowed the Dutch to trade and exchange sciences with Japan for over two centuries (from 1641 until 1859). A German doctor arrived on the small fan-shaped island in 1823. He had always been interested in foreign cultures and for the following six years he would create one of the biggest privately owned collections of Japanese artifacts. The entire collection was meant to be sent back to his canal house at Leiden. The name of the doctor was Philipp Franz Balthasar von Siebold, and his entire collection can still be viewed today at his stately old mansion in Leiden.
Siebold was infatuated with all aspects of Japanese culture. It explains why the museum is filled with a large number of Japanese artifacts, which also show a great variety.. There are Samurai armor pieces, paintings, swords, books, puppets, stuffed animals, pencils and even an authentic bamboo-made toothbrush. Most of these artifacts are explained by an audio that is made available to the public, which I will discuss later. Despite the fact that Het Sieboldhuis is a relative new museum (the museum opened its doors in 2005), in many ways it is still quite old-fashioned in its ways of portraying the old objects and artifacts.
Despite the fact that the museum is fairly young, it does not give the visitor a sence of modern times. All the objects are put behind glass and interaction between the visitor and the artifact is not possible. Due to the fact that the museum opts to avoid most forms of digital influences, it causes the visitors to feel as if they have stepped into a different era.. The interior of the building is mostly kept as it was 150 years ago. Despite this old-fashioned look there are a few quite interesting modernizing aspects that really help the museum forward..
One could even argue that Het Sieboldhuis is not just a museum which displays old Japanese artefacts. It is also a museum about Siebold himself.
Firstly, there is the new updated website. It’s available in the Dutch, English and Japanese language. The website is very easy to navigate. By far the most interesting part of the website are the archives. The second floor of the museum is used for temporary exhibitions. The exhibitions usually only last for a couple of months, but luckily we can rewatch all the exhibitions at the archives which can be found on the website. These archives are not extremely extensive but they do give us a general idea of what the exhibition was like. It mostly includes a couple of photo’s, a short story about the exhibition and a YouTube video which shows most of the art pieces. The archive includes all the exhibitions since 2010. So in total there are about 58 exhibitions which can be seen. The website is nothing ground breaking, but it does exactly what it has to do.
Secondly, the start of the tour through the museum allows the visitor to enter a small room where a video is shown. This video introduces the visitor to the narrator of the audio-guide: Philipp Siebold himself. Siebold tells the visitor about his youth, the reason he became a doctor, as well as explaing why he started collecting Japanese objects, why this museum came to be and lastly the reason why Japan is such a special country to him personally. The short film gives the visitor historical context about Siebold, the museum and Japanse society at the time.
After watching the short 5-minute video the audioguide starts. Siebold’s voice guides you through his collection, often highlighting his most precious objects. Using audioguides can sometimes be quite difficult for visitors who are not used to using new technology. In this case however it is extremely easy to use. The audioguide knows exactly where the visitor is so the only thing that you have to do is point the phone at the objects and it’ll just start talking. The audioguide is absolutely essential to the museum, as there are no text signs. The concept of having Siebold himself guide the visitor through the museum by his voice might sound like a gimmick, but it helps the visitor to fully engulf themselves into the ambiance of the museum.. One could even argue, that it allows the visitor to attach themselves to the collection.
The narration taught me interesting aspects about Siebold as a person as well as the era in which he lived. He explained his eating habits, how much he loved his wife and his fascination for ancient Japanese cartography. One could even argue that Het Sieboldhuis is not just a museum which displays old Japanese artefacts. It is also a museum about Siebold himself. Apart from the audio guide and the 5 minute video there are not a lot of digital aspects to be found in the museum. And in my opinion this is a good thing. We see a lot of museums nowadays who are implementing all sorts of digital elements to their museum. But in the process of doing so, they lose their unique character. Luckily, Het Sieboldhuis doesn’t suffer from this problem. They only implemented the essential digital elements in their museum and have kept the authentic old-fashioned feeling that a museum, in my opinion, should have. This makes Het Sieboldhuis one of the most special museums I have visited in a long time, and a must see for everyone who has an interest in Japanese culture.
Iñigo van Geest
See also:“Dummy” the deaf so-called ‘witch’ of Sible HedinghamH Dominic W Stiles2 August 2019
The village of Sible Hedingham was once known as the birthplace of the condottiero Sir John Hawkwood, but after a trial in 1864, it became known for an assault on a deaf ‘witch’ who shortly after died of his injuries. It is therefore one of the last ‘witchcraft’ cases in Britain.
We do not know the name of the deaf man – he was locally, unimaginatively, called ‘Dummy’ (circa 1780-1863), but his real name is unknown and possibly now unknowable. He was supposedly from France, and had lived in mud hovel locally for seven or eight years. Before that, some newspapers reported that he was in Braintree. Locally it seems he was known as someone people went to for ‘divination’ or fortune telling, and from papers gathered in his hut by the police, we can recognize the syntax and sounds of Essex dialect –
“Her husband have left her manny years and she want to know weather he is dead or alive.” “What was the reeson my sun do not right ? i meen that solger.” “Do you charge any more ?” The answer to this question was doubtless satisfactory, for this momentous question was then put: “Shall I ever marry ?” Love letters from girls to their sweethearts were also found with “Shall I marry ?” and “How many children shall I have ?” written in pencil on them. The most business-like of all the notes was the next one, “Did you say we kild your dog ? If you do I will send for the policeman.” Nor were his patrons altogether confined to the lower orders. One letter states that the lady was “comen herself on Mundy to see yoo, and she gave you oll them things and the shillin.” In the hovel were found, besides between 400 and 500 walking sticks, a quantity of umbrellas, some French books, a number of tin boxes, some foreign coins, chiefly of the. French Empire, and about a ton of rubbish which it was found impossible to classify in the inventory that was taken. The most definite ideas about the man have been suggested by the following questions which were found written seriatim on a scrap of paper. “Were you born at Paris ?” “The name of the town where you were born ?” “When was your tongue cut out ?” “Le nom de votre ville ?” The answers were no doubt made by signs. (Times of September 24th, 1863)
This shows how widespread folk beliefs were in the late 19th century, in an area that was infamous for Matthew Hopkins and witchcraft trials in previous centuries.
Emma Smith, thirty-six, and Samuel Stammers, twenty-eight, were taken to court for leading a mob in an assault on the poor old man, which led to his death the next day. The old man was accustomed to visit
the village of Ridgewell, a few miles distant from Hedingham, and there made the acquaintance of the prisoner Smith, at the beer-house of her husband. It seems that on the occasion of one of these visits to Ridgewell, the poor old man wanted to sleep at the prisoner’s house, and on her refusing to allow him to do so, he stroked his walking-stick, and used other threatening signs to her as signifying his displeasure at her refusal; and although he could neither hear nor speak he had no difficulty in understanding and making himself understood, and some of these signs accompanied by violent gestures were looked upon with considerable awe. Soon after this expression of the old man’s displeasure, the prisoner Emma Smith became ill and disordered, and was reduced to a low, nervous condition, and at once expressed her conviction that she had been bewitched by old Dummey, and that she would never recover till she had induced him to remove the spell from her, and made several applications to him for that purpose, as it would seem, without effect. At last, and while labouring under great mental and nervous excitement she went from her home at Ridgewell to Sible Hedingharn on the evening of the 3rd of August, 1863, and met old Dummey at the Swan public house, which is situated about a quarter of a mile from Dummey’s hut. They remained there together for some hours, she endeavouring to persuade him to go to Ridgewell with her and sleep in her house, and offering him three sovereigns to do so. Dummey, however, refused to go, and drew his fingers across his throat, implying that he was afraid of having his throat cut. As soon as it became known in the town that a woman from Ridgewell, who had been bewitched by old Dummey, that she would give him three sovereigns, and would treat him well, and that she had been in a bad state for nine or ten months, and that she was bewitched. After the closing of the Swan the parties adjourned outside, and the prisoner Smith was seen standing by the side of Dummey, declaring that he should go home with her. She then tore the old man’s coat, struck him several times over the arms and shoulders with his stick, and kicked him and dragged him down to a little brook which runs across the road, and down a lane near the Swan; and was proved to have said to him, “You old devil, you served me out, and now I’ll serve you out.” Smith then shoved him into the brook, and when he was getting out the other side she went round over a little bridge, and the other prisoner, Stammers, went through the brook, and they both pushed him back into the brook. (Reynolds’s Newspaper – Sunday 13 March 1864)
The old man was found the next day in his hut by Mr. Fowke, a local Poor Law guardian, shivering in his wet clothes. “The post mortem examination showed that the lungs and kidneys were much disorganized, the pericardium adhering to the heart, and a “suffusion of lymph on the membrane of the brain, indicating recent inflammatory action, and the witness gave it as his opinion that he died from the disease of the kidneys, produced by the immersion in the water, and the sleeping in his wet clothes, and in this opinion the witness was corroborated by another medical man who attended the post mortem examination.” (Reynolds’s Newspaper – Sunday 13 March 1864)
At the March Assizes at Chelmsford, the two were found guilty of manslaughter, and sentenced by Lord Chief Justice Earl to six months’ imprisonment. Samuel Stammers presumably lost his business – he had employed 4 people as a builder, according to the 1861 census, and though he had a daughter in 1868, she died that same year. He himself lived only until 1869. Emma Smith, I have not found, so I do not know what happened to her. The whole sorry tale illustrates how ignorant people can be with regard to those who they cannot understand.
Some in the village were thoroughly appalled that their name was besmirched by a mob. In the Essex Standard, for Friday 25th March, 1864, there is a letter that was sent to the Times by the Rector –
I hope that in justice to myself and other residents within the parish of Sible Hedingham, you will kindly insert a few remarks with reference to the case of man-slaughter tried at the last Chelmsford Assizes, and reported in the columns of your widely-circulated journal. Too much commendation cannot possibly be bestowed on Mr. Fowke for the pains which he has taken in bringing to punishment the perpetrators of so wanton an attack upon a poor and afflicted old man ; but, at the same time, it would be most unfair that an impression (certainly erroneous) should get abroad that there were not many other persons in the parish who regarded with horror and detestation the gross outrage committed on the night of the 3rd of August. I therefore feel called upon to assure the public, through the columns of your newspaper, that a subscription will be entered into among the parishioners whereby the expenses of this trial will be defrayed. Furthermore, perhaps I shall be only justified in adding that as soon as I had learnt of the treatment which the poor old man had received I hastened to the spot, that I spent the greater part of the afternoon in administering to him consolation, that I went myself to the surgeon to see whether I should be justified in having the sufferer removed to the Union, that I then procured the cart for him and saw him placed in it, and, moreover, that, with the assistance of the superintendent of police, I went to every house in the village where I thought I might gain sufficient information to lead to a warrant being issued against the aggressors in this most disgraceful affair. As Mr. Fowke had heard of the attack early in the morning and had been with the poor old man previously to my arrival, and, like a good Samaritan, administered comfort to him ; and as he had, moreover, in the capacity of guardian, sent for the superintendent of police, we thought it advisable, after due consideration, that the summons should be issued in bis name; but at the same time there is scarcely a man in the parish who will not, I believe, readily come forward to prevent the burden of the expense falling upon his shoulders. May I add one word more? In spite of the stigma which has been cast on the parish of Sible Hedingham from the publication of so unfortunate a catastrophe, I fearlessly challenge any person unprejudiced and capable of judging to visit the poor in their cottages, to inspect the schools within the place, and to observe the general tone of the parish, and I do not hesitate for a moment to pronounce an opinion that such a person will arrive at the conclusion that, in regard to intelligence, civility, and general good conduct, the much-maligned inhabitants of Sible Hedingham are considerably above, rather than below, the average. During the eight years that poor old ‘ Dummy ‘ resided in this place he was treated with the greatest kindness, both by the rich and the poor, and nothing ever occurred to cause the slightest apprehension that his end would have been so tragical.
Punch had this satirical poem, printed again in the Brecon Reporter and South Wales General Advertiser for Saturday 10th October, 1863 –
The Serfs of Castle Hedingham.
Ye wives of Castle Hedingham, ye matrons, and maids,
Who follow in such thorough style the wizard finder’s trades;
Your shud’ring countrymen all in tones of loathing say,
The fiends of Castle Hedingham, how horrible are they!
Just like the savage feminines who own Dahomey’s rule,
They show the wild oat fierceness of the Charlotte Corday school;
With hearts that scorn the softness that should female impulse sway,
The fiends of Castle Hedingham, how horrible are they!
Ye men of Castle Hedingham, and ye that represent (?)
The stain on England’s franchise list in British Parliament;
What say you, Major Beresford, of this most Tory trait,
The serfs of Castle Hedingham, how ignorant are they!
Saint Stephen’s could well spare you, and you’d for once of use,
If leaving Tory platitudes, you’d study to produce
A landlord who, Conservative, could yet unblushing say,
The tenantry of Hedingham, how well informed are they!
Presumably he was buried in a pauper’s grave.
[Note – the captions to the photos in Oxley’s hand, he had the wrong information and wrong date.]
Deaths Dec 1863 Unknown, Dummy, Halstead 4a 216
Wilts and Gloucestershire Standard – Saturday 26 September 1863 p.4Carbondale Immigration Lawyers
(614) 379-3003
Jay Gregg Perez Esq
(614) 826-2608
OhioOhio State Bar
Kendra Lee Bunn
(740) 373-1173
Florida Coastal School of LawKent State University and Marietta CollegeFloridaFlorida State Bar and American Immigration Lawyers Association ()
Payam Yazdani
(614) 961-4414
Federal Circuit, Nationwide Immigration Practice and Ohio
Kevin Zamora
(614) 937-3628
OhioState Bar of Ohio
Inna Simakovsky
(614) 599-0819
WashingtonWashington State Bar
Mr. Charles E. Smith Carbond.Simon Young's Email & Phone
Managing Partner, Project Risk Consulting at Willis
Contact Details
- yxxxxxx@willis.com
Location:
- Bristol, Bristo
Professional History
Work Experience
-
Managing Partner, Project Risk Consulting at Willis
Professional Summary
Simon Young's current job title is Managing Partner, Project Risk Consulting at Willis. Simon Young is based in Bristol, Bristo. Simon may be reached via email at yxxxxxx@willis.com . You may also be able to get additional information such as other email addresses, phone numbers, information on current and previous co-workers, professional and personal social media profiles and much more.Reverse perspective optical illusion leaves everyone's 'brain hurting'
By Bronte Gossling|
How good are you at decoding optical illusions?
One video shared to TikTok has left thousands baffled, with many users of the video-sharing platform scrambling to figure out what's going on.
TikTok user @mysweetadeline, who shares "surprising, unusual and weird art" on her page, shared an optical illusion she calls "reverse perspective" that has caused some serious confusion. Watch above.
READ MORE: Jessie J reveals she miscarried after secret pregnancy
Adeline's video shows what seems to be a drawing of a hallway, but when she moves her camera around the table where the picture sits, it looks like the drawing is sinking into the surface.
Having been liked over 930,000 times, the video shows what appears to be a magical three-dimensional hallway moving into the surface below — and almost all viewers have no idea how that could be possible.
To make matters more confusing, Adeline shows at the end of the video that the drawing isn't actually sinking into the table it's sitting on; rather, it's actually a three-dimensional structure coming out of the table, hence the illusion's name of "reverse perspective."
READ MORE: Food hack proves you've been cooking omelettes wrong
"I don't know about you, but I'm fascinated by optical illusions," Adeline says in the video.
"Today I was playing with something called reverse perspective and I made a little art gallery."
Adeline's art was so popular that TikTok users demanded she make a tutorial on how to create their own reverse perspective illusion, and she gladly complied.
READ MORE: Clue in celeb's Christmas photo sparks break-up rumours
"I am not ok with this," one TikTok user wrote.
"This genuinely scared me, I don't know why," another commented.
"Oh no… my brain… it's broken," another person said.
"When you changed the angle completely I almost threw up," commented another person.
READ MORE: Mum calls out 'daddy privilege' after husband praised for shopping
One user highlighted how it's hard to figure out what's going on because it looks like two things are happening at the same time: "My brain's hurting because I see both at the same time."
Adeline shared a tutorial on how to create the tutorial for yourself, which requires a square sheet of paper and some serious ruler work that centres around a square.
After drawing designs on the edges around the square, Adeline cut corners around each, and then folded them in so the paper rises into its three-dimensional structure — but the lines the drawing is based around make the design look like it's moving inwards, even when it's protruding outwards.
For a daily dose of 9Honey, subscribe to our newsletter here.Services We Provide
Why Survey For Protected Species?
Laws and Regulations
The Endangered Species Act of 1973, as amended (the Act), provides for significant protection of plant and animal species that are listed by the federal government as “endangered” or “threatened.” Pursuant to Section 7 of the Act, federal agencies are required to consult with the US Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) on federal actions that may affect a listed species (e.g., US Army Corps of Engineers Section 404 permitting, federal funding, federal property sale or transfer, etc.). Non-federal entities (i.e., state agencies and private concerns) not requiring a federal permit for their proposed project are also required to comply with the Act through Sections 9 and 10. Prohibitions against the take, harm, or harassment of listed endangered or threatened species are broad, and penalties for their violation may be severe. Only biologists determined to be qualified by the FWS can obtain research permits prior to conducting activities involving listed species (e.g., species surveys, capture, etc.).
Section 9 of the Act prohibits the “take” of any federally listed species. “Taking” is further defined as harm or harassment (including to pursue, hunt, shoot, wound, kill, trap, capture, or collect, or attempt to engage in any such conduct) of individuals of a protected species and, under certain circumstances, the destruction of habitat. Prior to an amendment to the Act in 1982, there was no recourse other than to avoid at all costs the “take” of a protected species. The 1982 amendment provided flexibility in regulating the “incidental take” of a listed species by allowing the FWS the authority to issue permits for same under special conditions. The permit is referred to as a “10(a) Permit” and requires close coordination with federal, state, and public interests throughout the review/approval process.
What Is Involved In A Protected Species Investigation?
Generally, protected species investigations are comprised of the following phases:
Phase I – Determination of the potential occurrence of threatened or endangered species (e.g., existing habitat, previous records, etc.)
Phase II – Conduct tract-specific field surveys to determine the actual utilization of existing habitat by the species of concern.
Phase III – Assist the landowner/developer in the development of management plans for species of concern occurring on a particular tract of land.
Contact Our Team
Find out how the highly trained professionals at Horizon can help your project succeed.New Home › Forums › Metaphysical › Foundations of Astral Projection for the Curious Traveller › Reply To: Foundations of Astral Projection for the Curious Traveller
PHP Get metadata of remote .mp3 file (from url)
I am trying to get
song name
/
artist name
/
song length
/
bitrate
etc. from the remote.mp3 file , for example .
I tried the getID3 script but from what I understand it doesn't work for remote files as I got this error: "Remote files are not supported - copy file locally first"
Also this code:
"" ); print_r($tag); $tag = id3_get_tag(
doesn't work either.
"Fatal error: Call to undefined function id3_get_tag () in / home 4 / shiro / public_html / scr / index.php on line 2"
source to share
As you didn't mention your error, I am considering the general error case
undefined function
The error you get (undefined function) means the ID3 extension is not enabled in your PHP configuration:
If you do not have an Id3. Just check here for setup information.
source to shareSki Chalet Deals March 2022
Booking a ski chalet in March 2022.
March skiing is spring skiing, the longer days and long sun terrace lunches is for many what March skiing is all about. A ski chalet with a nice south facing terrace and perhaps a bubbling hot tub have strong appeal with ski chalet bookers.
We offer a huge choice of ski chalets, over 1,200 at last count! We have ski chalets to suit all group sizes, from tiny ski chalets, love nests sleeping just 2, up to larger chalet hotels sleeping much larger groups.
We are experts at ski groups, bookings and know how to drive the cost of ski chalet holidays down to bring extra value for money. Our client service teams will help group leaders manage bookings in a way our competitors could never do. (or are unwilling to do).
You can trust Ski Line to find you the perfect ski chalet holiday, we are an award-winning agency, winners of the 2016 snow awards and the only ski company nominated in the top 5 online travel agencies in 2017. When we search for your perfect ski chalet, we search the whole market, not just a limited selection that our competitors offer. Our customer reviews always rank us as one of the top travel agents in the UK as we constantly receive between 99% and 100% since 2013.
We promise to search as hard for perfect ski chalet as we do when we are booking our own. Try us we think you will spot the difference. .About our website
Our new health.gov.au is easier to understand and use. Find out how we have transformed our website, how it works and how we will continually improve.
Transforming our website
On 17 July 2019 Health released a new version of health.gov.au
We've:
- changed the way it looks and works so it's easier to use
- reorganised our content so it's easier to find
- rewritten our content so it's easier to understand
- improved navigation and search
- begun merging our multiple health websites into this one so more information is in one place
- followed Government best practices.
Our old website had over 20,000 web pages! Too much to redesign and rewrite in a short time, so we're doing this in stages. Some of our health topics are already finished on this website, and others will link back to our old website while we work on them.
When we're finished, our old website will be archived to the National Library of Australia web archive.
In the meantime, you can use search to find information from both websites.
How it works
Designed for our users
We have designed and built our website in alignment with the Digital Transformation Agency's Service Design and Delivery Process and Digital Service Standard.
We have also undertaken user research and listened to your feedback. This has helped us to understand what information you need when you come to our website.
Reorganised information
We have moved from a website that was structured around how the Department works, to one that's structured to make sense to you – our website visitors.
Information is now organised into the following areas:
- health topics – all our information, organised by topic
- initiatives and programs – all of our initiatives, programs and campaigns
- news – our news and media
- resources – all of our publications, tools, videos in one place
- corporate content – information about us
- contacts – contact for us and support.
Organising our content in this way will help you to find it more easily. It also helps us remove duplications and display content consistently, so you know what to expect.
New content
When we rewrite our content we apply consistent government style based on the Australian Government's Style Manual. This helps us to:
- place the most important information at the top of the page
- use plain English
- make sure our information is current and correct
- provide information in different ways, such as with videos and infographics
- use short paragraphs, clear headings and lists so content is easy to scan and read
- make sure we're not repeating content
- make sure our content is accessible
- use language understood by our users.
Navigation
There are 3 improved ways to look for information on our website. You can use:
- our main navigation menu – available at the top of every page to browse our entire website
- our side navigation menu – available within content to browse within sections
- tags – available at the bottom of our content pages to browse across health topics.
Search
Our improved search helps you to:
- find search results that are more relevant
- narrow down your search results using filters.
Continual improvement
We want to continually improve our website. You can help us by providing feedback through:
- surveys – complete targetted survey questions to help us to improve specific features
- our feedback form – you can fill this in at any time to tell us what you think of the website.Month: June 2015
Chicago stage veteran Mary Reynard to direct “Boys in the Basement”
Widely […]
Our 2015 production is coming! Watch for Boys in the Basement this November!
The […]
Support the 2nd Act Players
The 2nd Act Players could not exist without the generous support of our sponsors and patrons. And now we’ve made it easier than ever to join our extended family and to support the growth of the performing arts in our various plays and other endeavors. Simply click through here to our new donation page and […]Coupling consumer data with custom video production.
“Madfish is a digital, smart, dynamic and flexible native agency, capable of capturing emerging creative trends and translating them into impactful communications, focused on the target audience. The team has great passion and enthusiasm in promptly supporting customer needs.”Laura Turcato
Precision Marketing Manager
Mellin, Danone Group
The Challenge
The Danone Group is divided into 3 main branches: Danone (dairy products), Mellin (baby food) and Nutricia (the health division). We have worked with Mellin for over a year, delivering precision marketing campaigns developed for Danone’s target audience.
The Outcome
Content created using data from Danone’s customer database and existing creative assets. The creative process was dramatically simplified compared to previous content developed for Danone and designed much faster.
The Impact
10% reduction in video production costs
• Over 150 pieces of content produced in just one year.
• The videos made have also been resold in other countries such as France and Turkey
• Italy is a country leader for Mellin, with better results than other European countriesAh, the grand finale of what proved to be the best month of 2020. In my opinion at least, although, the rest of 2020 hasn’t left much for comparison. :3
5 out of 5 stars – I forgot to include this in my books last week so here it is. I took this book to leave at work every day back in March and I finally finished it. (I didn’t feel like reading every day on my lunch.) This was a great account of the women who shaped the frontier of Kansas through their own words. I learned new things about frontier life that I didn’t previously know and enjoyed the random pictures to accentuate the stories. Especially the picture of turkeys in harnesses pulling a child’s carriage that had zero accompanying information.
5 out of 5 stars – I felt the need to read a non-fiction book while trying to stay in the spooky lane and that brought me to serial killers. I only owned one book that fit the bill. This was my first Harold Schechter full length novel. He comes highly recommended by Marcus of Last Podcast on the Left, so of course, that peaked my interest. I was not disappointed. It was thoroughly researched and yet the writing style kept it fresh, avoiding boring explanations. This was the first ebook I’ve read with scrolling pictures and animation, which made it all the more fun.
Up until Halloween, we backed off of movies to check out:
Let me say that this was very well written and enjoyable in one aspect, however, we did not find it spooky in the slightest. It was actually incredibly DEPRESSING more than anything. So you’ve been forewarned if you decide to move forward with watching this.
Halloween is Mr. C&M and I’s wedding anniversary. Without needing to say it but saying it anyway, Covid has made things different. Trick or treating was not canceled here but we decided to not hand out candy this year anyway. No virus-y little kid hands here, thank you.
Instead, we started the day off with pumpkin cinnamon rolls and our favorite horror movies;
We then made our way to the cidermill, with the intention that, should there be too many people we would bail. Luckily, there were only around 10 people on the entire property, so we snagged our donuts and apple cider, feed a few animals some grain and headed home.
We got carry out later from one of our favorite breweries that we are lucky enough to live by and then preceeded to stream on Mr. C&M’s Twitch channel a full run of Castle Crashers. I’ve never sat down and beat a game from start to finish, and to do that with my husband was a lot of fun.
Lesson here is, the holidays are going to be weird this year, just make the most of them. There are still plenty of ways to make great memories. Get creative!
How was your overall October experience?.
We’re a small, distributed team working on a variety of products that make teachers' and students life's easier. We’re focusing on writing and productivity tools. We are starting off supporting the APA, MLA, and Chicago citation format. Over the next months, we'll add more formats and expand on features.Custom Identification
1/ Go on MDM Profiles
2/ Select the profile and click on Edit
3/ Click on advanced settings and choose the option MDM controlled under Custom Identification
4/ Go on MDM Devices
- Copy paste the Famoco ID under the filter Famoco ID
- Make sure it’s the correct ID, then check its box and click on the pencil to edit it
5/ Add the name of the user and click on SAVE button
6/ The Custom ID now appears in the header and will be displayed on the device upon a sync.
Note: To enable the header Custom Idenfitication on the MDM, click on the wheel icon (i.e. configure table), select Custom ID and save.
.
2 thoughts on “Calving Hours”
Yes, no matter the number of calving season under your belt adjusting to two hour naps between checks is hard. We calve during the cold months also. We are bless to have indoor calving pens. So we towel off all newborns. A few need the cattle blower w/heat setting or use hair dryer. The best thing I started is purchasing an XXXL dog coat (big as you can get for largest dog). We put it on them first 24 hours. That way mom can lick away but the calf has extra warmth.
I love the idea of the dog coats and will have to go in search of a few. We have several blanks and are able to pull mom and baby indoors when necessary. And I too have used the hair blow dryer to help a new, cold and wet calf warm up and get his strength back. It does always amaze me how quickly the calves are up and running, playing and enjoying their time in the sun.Do the Q! With HARP Light Technology
Reliable systems can reduce defects and rework and facilitate safer care of our patients, thereby improving patient outcomes
- Increase Products and Services
- Add additional Payor Sources
- Conduct Patient Experience Surveys
- Audit Patient Files
- 3-Day DME Workshop
To succeed, a strategic partner focused on positive patient outcomes is always a good ally. QPI Healthcare Services works with you shoulder-to-shoulder to co-create a customized solution. Think of us as your all-in-one resource for healthcare compliance.
Here’s why:
Human Resources. QPI is here to help coordinate new hire documentation; maintain existing employee documentation, including quarterly background (OIG) checks and annual evaluations; and assist with education and training both at the time of hire and annually. Remember, your accreditor requires that employees be trained and educated in topics such as HIPAA, Bloodborne Pathogens, Cultural Diversity,. A major part of ongoing mandatory accreditation requirements is that you assess, reassess, and evaluate your own performance. We are here to help coordinate data collection such as Patient Experience Surveys, Complaints, Emergency Drills, etc. We’re also here to help coordinate assessments including HIPAA, Fraud, Waste and Abuse, Anti-Kickback, and more. Remember, ongoing data collection and assessments will be asked of you at your triennial accreditation recertification survey.?Adam Lallana’s current deal with Liverpool is set to expire on June 30, but he is expected to sign an extension that will see him finish out the rest of the season. The current coronavirus pandemic has pushed back Livepool’s title winning charge and Lallana will sign a short extension to his current contract to stay till the end of the current campaign and collect his Premier League winners medal at the club.
Lallana began his career at Bournemouth, and was part of the AFC Bournemouth Centre of Excellence. Scouts from Southampton spotted the 12-year-old Lallana and he joined the Saints academy in 2000.
He was a regular part of the Saints youth teams and the England national youth teams. The Englishman joined the first team squad in 2006 and signed a new contract till 2009. He was a regular part of the Southampton squadby then, helping them win the Football League trophy in the 2009-2010 season and was named in the PFA League One Team of the Year in the 2010-2011 season.
Lallana was a phenomenal attacking midfielder regularly scoring 10+ goals every season. He received many accolades during his time at the south coast, further being named in the Championship Team of the Year in 2011-2012 and in the Premier League Team of the Season in 2013-2014, which was his only second year playing in the top-flight.
Liverpool were interested in the England international in 2014 around the time of the World Cup and he was signed by the Merseyside club after his return from Brazil. The midfielder was an integral part of the squad in his first three years at the club, and was also regularly playing for the England national team. He scored several important games in the 2018 World Cup qualifier games and won the England Player of the Year Award in 2016 for his performances in the England games.
But Lallana started to struggle with injuries which started in the 2017-2018 season. A series of injuries kept him out of the squad for major parts of the season. While he did make 20 appearances for Liverpool this season, it appears that his time at the club has run out.
The fierce competition for the starting 11 under Klopp means that the 32-year-old must seek a move elsewhere if he wants to play regularly. He is most likely to leave the club after the current campaign finishes, signalling an end to his six years at the club.
Loads of Premier League clubs like Arsenal, Tottenham and Leicester have been linked to Lallana, but according to a report from the Daily Mail, there is a very strong interest for the player from Burnley.
Leicester have potentially Champions League football to offer to the player and Lallana will be tempted to sign for the Foxes under his ex-boss Brendan Rodgers. But despite Leicester currently leading the race, Burnley is the only club where realistically Lallana will get regular games.
Burnely desperately need new options in midfield with Irishman Jeff Hendrick likely to leave after his contract is set to expire soon.
The Clarets do have Jack Cork and Ashely Westwood in midfield, but Lallana will have to offer much to the club then their current midfielders. Lallana has plenty of experience in the top-flight and his creativity will help feed balls into Ashley Barnes and the rest of the attack. Lallana also offers an alternative in attack as he can also play out wide in the frontline.
Burnley are currently ninth in the table, just one point away from Arsenal and Sean Dyche seems to have ambitious plans for the club moving forward. The arrival of Lallana on a free transfer will be a very shrewd signing for the club but Burnely will have to entice the player with assured gametime.
As of now five Premier League clubs are after the Englishman but he may end up being a fringe player if he moves to London at Arsenal or Spurs. With Klopp unlikely to give him a long extension, moving to Burnley seems the best
option for the Englishman.News Releases
NEW YORK, July 1, 2021 /PRNewswire/ -- Immunic, Inc. (Nasdaq: IMUX), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing best-in-class, oral therapies for the treatment of chronic inflammatory and autoimmune diseases, today announced U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) clearance of its Investigational New Drug (IND) application for the phase 3 ENSURE program of lead asset IMU-838, the company's selective oral DHODH inhibitor, in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS). In addition, the FDA also cleared the company's separate IND application for the supportive phase 2 CALLIPER trial of IMU-838 in patients with progressive multiple sclerosis (PMS).
The ENSURE program comprises two multicenter, randomized, double-blind phase 3 trials designed to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of IMU-838 versus placebo in RRMS patients. Based on IMU-838's robust activity in preventing lesion formation in the company's phase 2 EMPhASIS trial in RRMS, the strong and consistent correlation observed between lesion formation and clinical relapse in third-party clinical trials, and the drug's robust safety profile to date, Immunic believes that this phase 3 program provides a simple and straightforward path towards potential regulatory approval of IMU-838 in RRMS.
The multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled phase 2 CALLIPER trial is intended to run concurrently with and to complement the phase 3 program in RRMS. In particular, CALLIPER is focused on progressive forms of multiple sclerosis (MS) and designed to corroborate IMU-838's neuroprotective potential, as exemplified by slowing of brain atrophy and delay in disability worsening. Neurodegeneration is a key concern in both PMS and RRMS, since axonal and neural damage is responsible for the increasing and often severe disability experienced by patients. Immunic believes that, if the CALLIPER trial is successful in showing a beneficial effect of IMU-838, this data, along with the ENSURE program and IMU-838's strong safety and tolerability profile, may allow for a meaningful clinical differentiation of IMU-838 from other oral MS medications and an attractive commercial positioning. Although a supportive trial, Immunic does not believe that data from the CALLIPER trial are a pre-condition for filing a New Drug Application in RRMS.
"IMU-838's phase 2 results in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis showed an encouraging balance between efficacy, safety, and tolerability and I look forward to the phase 3 program in this indication," commented Robert J. Fox, M.D., Staff Neurologist, Mellen Center for Multiple Sclerosis, Vice-Chair for Research, Neurologic Institute, Cleveland Clinic, Cleveland, Ohio, and Coordinating Investigator of the ENSURE and CALLIPER programs. "Disability progression is a principal concern for clinicians and patients of both PMS and RRMS. The ongoing disability worsening, even in periods without relapse, not only diminishes quality-of-life but can also ultimately lead to profound impairments in patient mobility. There is a clear unmet need for new therapeutic options which can help delay or arrest this process and I look forward to seeing data on IMU-838's neuroprotective potential." Dr. Fox receives compensation as a chair of the steering committees for the ENSURE and CALLIPER programs.
"IND clearance for our phase 3 program in RRMS is yet another seminal moment for Immunic as it progresses our lead asset, IMU-838, into a pivotal program and heralds the final phase of clinical development in MS. We believe that the phase 3 ENSURE program meaningfully simplifies IMU-838's regulatory approval path in MS as it applies a very clean and straightforward study design," stated Daniel Vitt, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer and President of Immunic. "In addition, together with our MS expert panel, we designed the CALLIPER trial to study patients who currently are not typically treated with relapse preventing therapies. Our goal is to highlight IMU-838 as a therapy that combines truly differentiated safety and tolerability with neuroprotective activity such as slowing of brain atrophy and disability worsening. In our view, success in the CALLIPER trial could provide an important differentiator for IMU-838 in the MS market. We look forward to hopefully providing IMU-838 as an important new therapeutic option to MS patients within the next few years."
Each of the identical twin phase 3 trials, titled ENSURE-1 and ENSURE-2, is expected to enroll approximately 1,050 adult patients with active RMS at more than 100 sites in 14 countries, including the United States, Latin America, Central and Eastern Europe, and India. Patients will be randomized in a double-blinded fashion to either 30 mg daily doses of IMU-838.
The ENSURE trials will be run concurrently, with dosing of the first patient expected in the second half of 2021. An interim analysis to assess event rates is planned to occur after a certain number of relapses have occurred in the double-blind treatment periods. This analysis is intended to inform potential sample size adjustment and help ensure that final study readout is not planned to occur before sufficient events have been achieved. This interim analysis is not intended as a futility analysis.
The phase 2 CALLIPER trial is expected to enroll approximately 450 patients at more than 70 sites in North America, Western, Central and Eastern Europe with patients randomized to either 45 mg daily doses of IMU-838 or placebo in a double-blinded fashion. The trial's primary endpoint is the annualized rate of percent brain volume change up to 120 weeks. Key secondary endpoints include the annualized rate of change in whole brain atrophy and time to 24-week confirmed disability progression based on the expanded disability status scale (EDSS). Dosing of the first patient is expected in the third quarter of 2021.
An interim analysis comprising an unblinded analysis of serum neurofilament light chain (NfL) is planned to occur once approximately half of the enrolled patients have completed 24 weeks of treatment. NfL has been shown consistently to correlate with disease activity in neurological disorders and has become one of the most important serum biomarkers for axonal damage over the past few years. As previously reported, results of the phase 2 EMPhASIS trial of IMU-838 in RRMS showed a robust decrease in serum NfL at 24 weeks (-17.0% for 30 mg and -20.5% for 45 mg), as compared to baseline values, while the patients on placebo experienced a 6.5% increase in serum NfL over the same period.
"The Immunic team is very excited to see IMU-838 progressing into a pivotal program in RRMS. Based on its very strong safety and tolerability profile along with its robust efficacy, which we are planning to further highlight with neuroprotective data from the CALLIPER trial, we believe that IMU-838 has the potential to become a well-differentiated new treatment option for MS patients," added Andreas Muehler, M.D., Chief Medical Officer of Immunic. "In our discussions with regulatory authorities, including the FDA and the European Medicines Agency, testing IMU-838 against placebo was viewed as a reasonable approach for our phase 3 program, from both a regulatory and scientific perspective, as placebo provides the cleanest comparator to show proof-of-efficacy and to underline IMU-838's existing safety and tolerability profile."
Conference Call and Webcast Information
Immunic's management team will host a public conference call and webcast on July 1, 2021 at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time to discuss the company's overall MS development strategy, the phase 3 ENSURE program in RRMS, and the phase 2 CALLIPER trial in PMS..
Progressive MS (PMS) includes both primary progressive MS (PPMS) and secondary progressive MS (SPMS). PPMS is characterized by steadily worsening neurologic function from the onset of symptoms without initial relapse or remissions. SPMS is identified following an initial relapsing remitting course, after which the disease becomes more steadily progressive, with or without other disease activity present. relating to Immunic's three development programs and the targeted diseases; the potential for IMU-838 to safely and effectively target diseases, including relapsing-remitting or progressive multiple sclerosis; preclinical and clinical data for IMU-838; the timing of current and future clinical trials; the availability, safety or efficacy of potential treatment options for patients with relapsing-remitting or progressive multiple sclerosis or other conditions, if any; the potential availability and frequency of administration of IMU-838 as a potential treatment for patients with relapsing-remitting or progressive multiple sclerosis or for patients with other conditions; preparations for a clinical phase 3 program for IMU-838 in relapsing-remitting<<Lal Bazaar is a Hindi crime thriller web series created by Zee5. The plot revolves around the crime-filled Lal Bazaar of Kolkota and a team of police officers are hunting for the truth. Multiple girls are found suicide and few other men are found murdered. The team sets off a thrilling investigation journey to find the killer and the motive.
The Lal Bazaar Web Series cast includes Subrat Dutta, Sauraseni Maitra etc in the lead.
Check out below for Lal Bazaar Web Series (2020): Cast, Release date, Full HD episodes, High-Speed online streaming, Watch All Episodes.
Lal Bazaar Zee5 Web Series Cast & Roles
Hrishitaa Bhatt Sauraseni Maitra
- Hrishitaa Bhatt as Maya
- Sauraseni Maitra as Mira
- Subrat Dutta as Gourab
- Sabyasachi Chakraborty as D.C Sharma
- Kaushik Sen as Suranjan
- Gaurav Chakrabarty as Sabir
- Dibyendu Bhattacharya as Abbas Gazi
Created by: Zee5
Lal Bazaar Release Date:
19 June 2020The Literacy Coach
Professional Development, Coaching & Training
Do you need a local literacy expert to train and coach your staff? With over 25 years of teaching experience and training in literacy instruction, my resume will reflect a wide variety of expertise upon which professional development can be designed uniquely for your needs. From pre-K educator, to middle school reading/writing specialist, to Director of Title 1 Services, to 10 years as an adjunct at SNHU School of Education, I have purposefully sought the breadth of experiences that build solid expertise. As a literacy coach, my work is to grow capability in others by asking questions, modeling, connecting teachers to resources and guiding them to reflect on their work through analysis of outcomes. Professional development can be conducted at The Literacy Coach Reading and Writing Center or within the school or organization.
Building school-wide data literacy
Early literacy development & instruction
Reading and Writing the Middle Years
Reading & Writing Across Content Areas
Conducting diagnostic literacy assessments
Methods of progress monitoring struggling readers
Providing succinct, effective literacy interventions
Curriculum Design
Differentiated cross-curricular design that promotes flexible literacy
Curriculum and instruction for English
Language Learners
Teacher Leadership & Mentorship
Exponential Power of Co-teaching
Teaching in a multi-age classroom
Topics are not limited to these ideas.
Let's design the work together and get specific!
Prices vary per project.
Provided guidance for six school improvement teams
Wrote 15 million dollars in grants to design and provide Title 1 services for over 400 students
Conducted studies on an array of school-wide issues and challenges
10 years of higher education teaching and course design at SNHU School of Education, NH Institute of Art
Professional development provided since 2009 in the Concord School District
Ed.D candidate, Educational Leadership/Cognition and Learning, dissertation in process, Rivier University
See full resume here.
Invest in Your Teachers
Educational Leadership Lies Within
Teachers' KnowledgeIn Goethe’s poem, the sorcerer’s apprentice use magic to lighten his workload, but because his knowledge is limited, his spell creates more problems than it solves.
From the current issue of Nature
In an effort to combat warming-induced drought, Australians may be clearing the way for the spread of dengue fever. A recent move by the government to encourage households to install rainwater storage tanks may provide a breeding ground for the insect that transmits the disease, raising the risk of future outbreaks, finds new research.
In an ecological modelling study, Nigel Beebe of the University of Queensland and colleagues found that the mosquito that transmits dengue fever, Aedes aegypti, could potentially occupy a range that includes most major cities in Australia. It is currently found only in northern Queensland, however, because its distribution is limited by the availability of suitable breeding sites. On its own, further warming up to 2050 is unlikely to cause the mosquito to spread more widely — but the government-subsidized water tanks, which over one-fifth of Australian households have already installed, could allow it to gain a foothold outside Queensland.
Once infected mosquitoes have arrived, say the authors, dengue transmission could be aided by rising temperatures, which may lengthen the warm season in which the virus can pass to humans.
2 Comments
Ben, I agree with your comments. I used the heading for this item not to condemn water collection, but to launch a new feature — the first of what I hope will be many much better items under that heading.
Unintended consequences — the Sorcerer’s Apprentice effect — are a fundamental feature of capitalist history — and no continent has experienced that more than Australia.
In this case, a good measure (water collection) has potential bad effects (mosquitoes) which the promoters seem to have ignored. Fortunately, as you say, there is an easy fix. That’s often not the case.
The analogy of the sorcerer’s apprentice is very apt for technological-reductionist solutions to climate change. However, water tanks are a pretty good measure on many counts – they reduce flow from roofs into stormwater drains and waterways; they store water locally without needing centralised reservoirs or (shudder) desalination plants.
They are pretty low-tech and very important in a country like Australia with such unreliable, intermittent rainfall. That’s not to discount this warning. But it is possible to instal fine screens to prevent mosquitoes using them for breeding. I am not sure the sorcerer’s apprentice analogy quite fits this case; although it would be very apt in the case of building desalination plants – see for example..
December just got beta for Dragon Ball fans.
But how about Chapter 3?
I am now making it my personal mission to help Johannes Roberts find a PS5.
Tails of Iron Bloody Whiskers is available now for those who already own the game on PlayStation 5, PlayStation 4, Xbox Series X|S, Xbox One, Nintendo Switch, or PC.
You can sign up to play a beta now.
"We have mutually agreed to part ways, and his last day is today," reads a company email sent to BioWare staff.
ESA says allegations must be investigated, but stops short of calling out Activision Blizzard itself.
Thankfully we won't have to wait until 2042 to get some serious bug and balancing fixes..
Twelve Minutes is coming to PS5, PS4, and Nintendo Switch on December 7, 2021. Watch the latest trailer for the game starring James McAvoy, Daisy Ridley, and Willem Dafoe.
Another year for Agent 47.
My kingdom for a decent anti-vehicle weapon.
“When you walk through the Forbidden West, everything should feel like it belongs there."
A patently obvious move.
The mode currently looks similar in style to GTA V's first-person mode.
"If you have copies of these assets, you should refrain from sharing and destroy any copies of them."
A new report suggests that comments were made during a meeting with executives on Friday.
Hero Event vs Operation.
We got the chance to spend two hours playing with Spider-Man in Marvel's Avengers. Here's what we thought!
The update is now live on PS4, PS5, Xbox Series X|S, and Xbox One.
But only on the Rockstar Store.Blog Archives
New Song changed the Printing Press
Hi Everyone,A few days ago, Georgia Herod, our New Song assistant editor, flew in to visit me and other friends in northern Utah. She had a wonderful suggestion — that she and I meet the printer and see the setup as the book is being produced.So I called about doing that and this morning, we met with Jim Haskett of Watkins Printing, just outside of Logan, Utah. He said because the coverstock was heavier than the original press machine could handle, they moved the entire project to the offset press (see photos below). This will give us a more professional look but has not added to the costs!Allowing for the Thanksgiving holiday, the forecasted release will be around Tuesday, November 29th. He will verify this with me as time goes on. When complete, he will be delivering all the copies to me and I will then take them to our church bookstore. As soon as those books are available at the bookstore, you will all be hearing from me! If you have any questions, please let me know.Here’s how the book has been advertised by some of you. Thanks so much for all you are doing to get the word out!• One of our writers sent a copy of the cover and the preview copy (attached below) to people in his address book and several responded, sending me an email to order a one or more copies.• Others with web and blogsites have added these same attachments to their sites to inform their friends.• Those with writers’ groups have already ordered copies for their book tables.• Those who go on the road for speaking engagements have also made their orders.More later,DianeIf you would like to use these items, please add this splash from our website: Following the example of the psalmist in Psalm 40, the writers for this collection have remembered their histories with God, describing His rescue, their salvation, His comfort in a time of crisis, or leading when they needed a new direction. They hope that their collective hymn of praise will be an encouragement to you. For questions or to place an order, send Diane Kulkarni an email: dinahwriting09@gmail.com. Checks and credit cards are accepted at — click on “A New Song.”Majid Jordan’s A Place Like This is one of the musical highlights of 2014 (in my opinion), and one of the standouts from the OVO Sound project finally gets a matching set of visuals. Seriously, if you haven’t listened to this project you should definitely do so.
PREVIOUS: Majid Jordan – A Place Like This (Video)24Newspk
Cricket Videos
Here you can watch Cricket match videos,best matches highlights,best performances of teams,individual performances by players best innings by Saeed Anwar Legendary Pakistani Cricketer,best innings by Sachin Tendulkar,best Innings by Shahid Afridi,Virat Kohli best Inning and many players inning you can watch here ,best bowling by legendary Cricketers Waqar Younis Wasim Akram and many other bowlers performances,best fielding videos and old cricket matches highlightsThe IRS Says May 13 Is the Deadline to Sign Up for Stimulus Check Direct Deposit
The last day to use the IRS Get My Payment app and receive your stimulus check via direct deposit is Wednesday, May 13.
The IRS portal's Get My Payment app launched on April 15 to help Americans out in two main ways: The tool allows users to track the status of their stimulus checks, and to provide the agency with their bank direct deposit information — so that the payments can be delivered in the fastest way possible.
The stimulus checks (or "Economic Impact Payments" in IRS lingo) are payments worth up to $1,200 per adult and $500 per eligible child that are part of Congress's $2 trillion CARES Act, passed to provide relief in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic.
According to a recent IRS statement, midday on May 13 is a key deadline for anyone hoping to use Get My Payment to update their direct deposit info:.
It wasn't immediately clear whether the 12 p.m. deadline referred to Eastern Daylight Time — i.e. the time in Washington D.C. — or local time zones across the U.S. Either way, if you do miss the deadline, here is what the IRS says:
After noon Wednesday, the IRS will begin preparing millions of files to send to BFS (Bureau of Fiscal Services) for paper checks that will begin arriving through late May and into June. Taxpayers who use Get My Payment before that cut-off can still take advantage of entering direct deposit information.
How to Use the Get My Payment App for Stimulus Checks
The vast majority of people receiving stimulus checks don't need to use Get My Payment, or to take any action whatsoever to get their checks. In fact, the vast majority of stimulus check recipients have already received their payments. The IRS says that 130 million stimulus payments out of the total 150 million payments it expects to issue had already been sent in the first four weeks of the program.
As Money has previously reported, the IRS determines your eligibility for a stimulus check based on your 2018 or 2019 tax returns. If you are within the income threshold allowing you to get a stimulus check, the IRS would automatically send your payment via direct deposit, if it has that info on file from your previous return.
If the IRS has no bank account info on file for you and you are eligible for a payment, you are likely to get a paper check stimulus payment — unless, of course, you provide the IRS with your direct deposit details using the Get My Payment app.
If you are a taxpayer whose stimulus payment hasn't already been processed by the IRS, you can still provide the IRS with your direct deposit info to get your check sent directly to your bank account. But you must act quickly, because 12 p.m. on Wednesday, May 13, is the deadline for registering for direct deposit stimulus payments. Again, you don't necessarily need to do anything. If you miss the deadline and you're a taxpayer who is eligible for a payment, the Treasury Department will process your payment as a paper check.
Even after that deadline has passed, Get My Payment will still let you track your stimulus check. You can use the app to find out if and when your payment has been processed by the IRS, how much money you are eligible for, and what form of payment you are getting (paper check or direct deposit).
How to Get a Stimulus Check if You Don't File Taxes
While the Get My Payment app allows taxpayers to provide the IRS with their direct deposit information, a separate tool is available at the IRS portal for non-tax filers. Who might these people be? Often, they're individuals whose incomes are so low they aren't required to file taxes.
If you haven't filed taxes for 2018 or 2019 and are eligible for a stimulus payment, the IRS says you should use the Non-Filers: Enter Payment Info Here form. Using this form, you can register for a stimulus check payment, and add your bank account information so that the payment comes via direct deposit.
If you don't add any bank information, your payment will arrive in the mail as a paper check. Regardless of what kind of check you received, roughly two weeks after your payment is made you are supposed to get a letter in the mail from President Donald Trump, clarifying how much money you received and how the payment was issued.
More From Money:
The IRS Wants Some People to Mail Back Their Stimulus Checks
Will You Get a Second Stimulus Check for Coronavirus?
Best Mortgage Lenders of 2020The Ultimate Guide To Great Stirrup Cay, Bahamas In 2020
Are you thinking about or have already booked a Caribbean cruise with Norwegian Cruise Line (NCL)? If so and you are leaving out of Florida, [...] [...]
If you love deserted beaches, endless blue water and the nicest people, then you are going to love Cat Island in the Bahamas. This is [...]
Welcome to The Hermitage of Cat Island. The roof of The Bahamas! Cat Island is one of the Out Islands or Family Islands in the [...]
"When I look into the eyes of an animal, I do not see an animal. I see a living being. I see a friend. I [...]
Before I was Castaway Crystal, before I knew RumShopRyan, I had a longing for Cat Island. I discovered Cat Island's existence during a trip to Nassau. [...]
A look at Fountain Bay Resort on Cat Island, Bahamas. It was many years in the making but Castaway Crystal and myself finally made it [...]
Are you off on a worldwide adventure? While it might be a challenge to budget for a holiday to far off reaches, it’s only fair [...]
"Not all treasure is silver and gold mate." Oh Jack Sparrow, you silver tongue pirate you. You don't know how right you are. The third [...]
Landing gear up as we climb into the blue aboard our Western Air flight out of Bimini. Destination, New Providence, Bahamas. You can read Part [...]
The Perfect Beach Bar Recipe : One part delectable cuisines to tickle your taste buds. Two parts (or as many as you like) cold [...]
Hurricanes Irma and Maria were a couple of the biggest storms to hit the Caribbean...ever. I'm sure most of us have seen photos of the [...]+44 28 3026 4662
Carnbane House,
Shepherds Way,
Carnbane Industrial Estate,
Newry, BT35 6EE,
County Down
The IFA’s new National Football Stadium at Windsor Park is a phenomenal five development stadium which rates alongside many of the major soccer venues in Europe.
OHMG designed curved steel work at the interface of the North East stand with the North West stand to form a Quadrant.Iranian President Hassan Rouhani threatened the United States with a “crushing response” if it were to move ahead with plans to extend an international embargo on Iran’s trade of conventional weapons.
The embargo in question is due to expire in October of this year; yet under United Nations Resolution 2231 – if the Islamic Republic is in breach of its nuclear-related commitments, and thus an extension of the arms embargo is possible. The U.N. resolution in question is the only legal document that technically backed the 2015 nuclear deal with Iran, which was never signed by any of the parties involved. This is why the Iranians insist that the Trump Administration is no longer a party to the deal, consequently claiming it has no legal grounds to thwart Tehran’s aspirations to acquire conventional weapons.
According to Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, “The Americans have woken up and realized they have made a big mistake by leaving the nuclear deal. They know it was a foul move to tear up the JCPOA (Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action). They see that they are stuck, they can’t go back and there is no way forward.”
President Rouhani further stressed that unless the United States lifts all its imposed sanctions and compensates for what he views as ‘America’s mistakes’, the Islamic Republic will not accept Washington’s renewed involvement. “For the Americans, there is no JCPOA (to go back to). It is over. Unless they (U.S.) come back and make a request and we (Iran & P4+1) consider it and decide to accept it, only if America compensates for all of its mistakes. If America wants to return to the deal, it should lift all the sanctions.”
Meanwhile in Washington, U.S. President Donald Trump has vetoed a resolution that would have limited his ability to wage war against the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Amid the Trump Administration’s maximum pressure campaign against the Ayatollah regime, in response to Tehran’s expansionist foreign policy that aims ‘to export by all means attainable’ the ideology of the Islamic Revolution to the rest of the world; the U.S. congress, which is controlled by the Democratic party, managed to pass a restraining resolution – titled S.J. Res. 68 – through both the House of Representatives and subsequently through the Republican-controlled Senate.
The Resolution in question sought to oblige President Trump to withdraw all American forces that are engaged in hostilities against the Islamic Republic unless the U.S. Congress would officially declare war or alternately authorize specific use of military force.
It is important to recall that the bill, which was initially introduced by Democratic Senator Tim Kaine, sought to rebuke President Trump for his decision to authorize a strike that killed the commander of the Islamic Republic’s Revolutionary Guards Quds Force Qassem Soleimani. The targeted assassination of the Iranian general, who was responsible for the killing of countless people (including Americans and Europeans), consequently sparked Iranian retaliation that seemingly stoked prospects of a wide-scale’ war. Nevertheless, in spite of repeated attacks against U.S. installations across the region – including three Katjusha rockets that were fired in the direction of a base hosting U.S. forces adjacent to the Iraqi airport yesterday – President Donald Trump refrained from escalating the situation. Instead, the Trump Administration persistently uses its financial power to subdue the Ayatollah Regime and its supporters.
During a State Department press briefing, U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo once again cautioned the international community from doing business with Iranian entities, as many of them are funding the activities of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards. He said, “Last week, the United States sanctioned an individual and his company who were doing business with the IRG(C) Quds Force for years, generating revenue and resources for their terror campaign. Anyone conducting business with Iranian entities should exercise extreme caution to ensure that they are not working with the IRGC.”
The top American also praised “our German friends for banning Hezballah and taking strong action against suspected Hizballah supporters. I hope that all other EU member states will follow.”
In response to a question about Israeli reports vis-à-vis an Iranian military scale back from Syria, Secretary Pompeo noted that the United States has nothing to add regarding the Israeli defense, .”
Secretary Pompeo further highlighted Iran’s responsibility for many of the atrocities that occurred during the years-long conflict in Syria – as well as the consequences there-of, arguing that .”Belk PS5: What You Need To Know
I am a gamer. I am not a professional gamer, but I play games from time to time, so I have a little gaming history on me. I’ve had all of the PlayStations besides the ps. I’ve also had all the x boxes. I have Belk Ps5 sitting back here so without further ado, let’s go ahead and get this ps5 unboxing. Okay, so as you can tell, this is a bundle audition.
It comes with the ultimate launch edition for spider-man miles of Moralez 1 1 3 of PlayStation, now an extra controller, and of course, the system with one controller inside, so I’ll go ahead and give you guys a little spin here out of the box. I know that there is plenty of unboxing on this system already. Mine’s a little different, so I’m not gonna go into text specs, but this thing supports up the A K 4 k and 120 hertz in Hdr. All right, it’s going to this controller box, the dual sense wireless controller.
Google’s light-up action moves on to the big box.
READ ALSO : What You Need To Know About Suddenlink Amarillo.
So here we have included a controller that is in the box.
Same as one that was separate, a little bit more light of action on this one power cord couple of instruction manuals. It has a stand that you can stand on its side or you can stand it up upright. The H D M I cable missed another cable.
All right now, pulling out the system. So there’s a little tabaret here.
You need to remove it first, so that way you can set up P S 5 vertically or on its side, there is a little compartment on the bottom of the stand. So the screw goes out and screws into there, and the little piece or cap goes back inside, so there’s that little cap. It was right at the top. Of course, I have to screw it out already, so when you put this on, you’ll put this back in the open position, the screw will go right through here and fit right on the bottom part of the PlayStation, and then you’ll. And that’s what that would look like when it’s installed.
So let’s take up these power cables.
The included HDMI cable.
In this cable here, I thought it was another HDMI cable.
READ MORE: 5 Best Alarm Companies Near Me
But I was wrong. This is actually for their controllers, wire them up to power them up for the first time or the charge. It’s good to get this thing set up. Here is the ultimate launch edition spider-man ma’s Moralez going to load that up.
Belk PS5 is one of the most amazing games I have ever played. It comes with the necessary accessory to make the installation easy. Are you ready to play some games? Go get your Belk PS5 now, and let’s get started.
If you find anything confusing, do not hesitate to seek clarification in the comment box.Gene Therapy for Major Depression
Treating major depression can be challenging in that what works for one person is ineffective for another. While medications and psychotherapy can be successful, it is important that we continue to learn more about how depression occurs. In this way, we can develop a wider range of successful treatments for sufferers.
Treating the Cause of DepressionA recent study found that a key gene in a small section of the brain could potentially reverse major depression. The study was, however, only done in animals and would require extensive investigation in humans before treatment could become a reality. In particular, this treatment could offer hope for those who have not responded to traditional treatments for depression, such as medications and psychotherapy.
Getting to the Roots of DepressionModern treatments today often treat the symptoms of depression rather than the root causes. Researchers suggest that the new treatment may soon change this approach to depression treatment. The result could be a lasting treatment for depression that is more effective than current approaches such as antidepressants and counselling.
Brain Proteins and DepressionInside your brain is a protein that plays a key role in your feelings of pleasure and reward. These sensations are ones that tend to be lacking in people who are depressed. With depression, a person struggles because they can’t find the pleasure that comes from positive experiences in life.
Depression and NeurotransmittersThis particular protein is important to deliver serotonin, a neurotransmitter, to nerve cells in the brain. Serotonin has long been investigated because it plays such a vital role in regulating moods and other functions such as sleep.
The vast majority of medical treatments for depression aim to regulate serotonin. Yet without the brain protein, even if a neuron produces sufficient serotonin receptors, they won’t get to the surface of cells where they can connect with a neurotransmitter.
Depression is a Complicated IllnessDepression is still very complex and it is not suggested that this part of your brain is the only factor in depression. Researchers believe, however, that if this area of the brain can be restored in a person who suffers from depression, they would soon begin to feel better. The study also shows a strong biological basis for depression although external circumstances can still contribute to the development of the illness.
Animal Studies for Depression TreatmentResearchers also conducted animal studies. They found that when they disabled the protein gene, mice showed behaviours representative of depression. But when they used gene therapy on the mice, the signs and symptoms of depression stopped. Studies on humans have involved autopsies of people who had severe clinical depression. They also showed low levels of the protein.
Success in Treating DepressionModern therapies for depression do generally focus on treating the symptoms rather than the cause. For many people, however, these treatments will remain an important way to feel more like themselves again. It is still ideal to find ways to address the causes for long-term success in depression treatment. This new study has opened the door for some depression sufferers to access a treatment that treats the cause of their depression.
OVERCOME DEPRESSION IS FOR SALE. This website is for sale [more info].
You might also like...About River Habitat Improvements
The primary aim of the Esks Rivers & Fisheries Trust is to improve the health of aquatic ecosystems. One of the best ways of doing this is to promote natural river processes in areas that have been heavily modified for industry, agriculture and forestry. By encouraging natural river processes, rivers can begin to heal and to form the pools, riffles and glides that are so important to different species and life stages of fish, birds, and invertebrates.
In addition to encouraging river processes, management of the river banks and riparian zones is very important. The trust advocates native broadleaf trees being present along as much of the river as possible. Trees provide a variety of important tasks, such as stabilising river banks, providing shade and cover for aquatic species, providing a source of wood that naturally can promote river processes, and also acting as natural flood managers, by slowing flood waters and retaining water for longer in the soil.logging in or signing up Vánoční přání - 2012 Dorka : Entertainment License: All Rights Reserved Like it (0) Dislike it (0) Added: November 30, 2012 This Presentation is Public Favorites: 0 Presentation Description Autor prezentace: Dorka Comments Posting comment... Premium member Presentation Transcript PowerPoint Presentation: Krásné a pohodové Vánoce2012 Dorka You do not have the permission to view this presentation. In order to view it, please contact the author of the presentation.Style & Performance
Tack
Saddle Pads, Girths, & More
Saddle Pads ♦ Girths
Our high-quality products are made in the U.S.A. and feature the most stylish patterns on the market. We use innovative components in our signature products, such as the temperature-regulating lining in our Total Comfort Boots and the infrared technology in our new Recover line.
Tack – Saddle Pads & Girths
Showing all 8 results
Our Featured Product Lines
Ortho Equine offers all-natural, competition-safe equine and multi-species supplements for health and performance.
We integrate smart innovation in our signature products for horses and riders, such as temperature-regulating liners and infrared technology.
A family-owned company, proud to be based in Kansas and offer products crafted in the U.S.A.
Ride Your Best
For Riders
Guards & Braces
Health & Performance
Daily Nutrition
Daily Feed Throughs & Supplements
Veterinarian-Recommended
Nutritional Pastes
Must-Haves for Every First Aid Kit
Style & Performance
Tack
Saddle Pads, Bell Boots, & More
RECOVER
Polo wraps with 100% coverage
No-Sweat Support
Comfort Boots
Customize Your Design
Testimonials
“I have used Ortho-Equine products since January. I have found that the boots provide excellent support to my horses. I like that it can be hot outside and the boots keep my horses legs cool. I use the Electro-Boost as well. The first time I used it was when my horse was starting to tie up the night before I was up at the Denver Stock show. I gave him the Electro-Boost, and was able to use him the next morning. That was amazing. Usually when he ties up, he is out a few weeks. I have used Electro-Boost ever since. I use it when I travel, when it is hot, and when I know that my horses are going to be used pretty hard. I really like not worrying about my equipment.”
-Travis Tryan
“My name is Chris Steiner. I run with the American West 4D in California. I was fortunate and lucky enough to win 3rd in the 3D average at the Wine Country Classic in Clements, CA and won a pair of the Comfort Boot sports medicine boots. I just want to say THANK YOU!!! You have a great product. Before I won this pair, I had purchased a set the day before and ran my second consecutive placing run (placed 3rd in 3D both days). Thanks again for sponsoring this event by donating your product.”
-Chris SteinerMiley Moisturizing and Detangling Shampoo with Pomegranate and Honey Makes hair feel silky Detangles thick and curly hair Cleanses hair without stripping it of moisture Moisturizing and detangling shampoo with pomegranate and honey with babassu oil to remove dirt and oils from your hair while maintaining the moisture your hair needs Rich lather and fragrant scent Nothing better than reducing tangles and adding a silky texture For best results, use the Detangling Balm and Lev-N Moisturizing Balm from the Pomegranate and Honey range How to use Put a sufficient amount in your hand and massage it into your wet hair and scalp until a foam is formed Gently comb your hair with a wide-toothed comb to detangle Rinse your hair with lukewarm water and re-ball if necessary Then finish your steps with a moisturizing and detangling conditioner Contains moderate protein and hydration Suitable for high porosity Suitable for medium porosity It may not be suitable for low porosity in case of allergy to protein Safe for chemically straightened hair Safe for dyed hair Product Granatum (Pomegranate) Seed Oil, Euterpe Oleracea Fruit Extract, Glycerin, Silk Protein, Orbignya Oleifera (Babassu) Oil, Mauritia Flexuosa (Buriti) Fruit Oil, Copaiferi Officinalis (Balsam Copaiba), Astrocaryum Murumuru Seed Butter, Sodium Chloride, Phenoxyethanol, Benzoic Acid, Ethylhexylglycerin, Glycereth-2 CocoateMost readily useful free of charge approach to connect on line have a look at hometown single pages Best new hookups internet of free sexual intercourse paid dating sites. Very best gay matchmaking apps 2021: internet for LGBTQ+ internet dating You could sign up with your facebook or twitter or Instagram accounts and swipe through […]It’s extremely simple staying swept up during the romance and prospect with someone if unearthing an innovative new partner.
that can come into our way of life: a soulmate and a teacher. The foremost is the kind of enjoy you’re supposed to be with, while the second certainly is the like that won’t determine, but teaches you a key course.
It might seem it is simple identify all of them, simply because they totally sturdy different. As an example, you will find commitments which will have now been tumultuous and painful that educated you a lot.
It sometimes might end up being hard diagnose which, however. And you could possibly be battling for a connection to be hired with regards to’s just not supposed to be. In such cases, you need to recognize reality, consider course it’s considering a person, and proceed.
If you should still aren’t confident what some union is actually or ended up being, consequently keep reading for your guide.
Simple tips to determine if they’re intended to show you some things:
Typically, these are the romances more than probably can’t exercise for reasons. But, you’ll still can’t help but would like them as well as the crisis these people deliver. Maybe you would you like to really feel necessary or get attention or you just adored all of them well over they appreciated both you and you aren’t prepared to nearby that part.
However, these represent the types you’ll make a lot of goof ups with and in the end study from. Despite, it can be not easy to release.
The teacher will always keep coming back to your life until you have read exactly what you needed seriously to find out or ultimately have the power just to walk aside. Many of the efforts, it is advisable to quickly learn how to like and appreciate your self or things to investigate in a person. But, the routine inside tendencies will always manage with a teacher.
In many cases, bad habits within a connection with an instructor will bleed in the long-term relationships in a harmful strategy. Eg, the way in which an innovative lover states along with you may elicit that become overly preventative over some thing minor, because your trainer familiar with explode over little facts.
But if we think about the problems before jumping into something new, the type can stop. You’ll truly study on the instructor and are avalable away best because of it.
Ideas tell if you’re intended to be with these people as a soulmate:
The effortlessness that you find with a family member is really what greatly makes them the soulmate. You simply click in an indescribable form and gravitate back again to one another naturally. It’s never ever pushed, but simply fantastically takes place as though energy never died between a person two.
It is not necessary to my workplace hard for validation or their unique adore. Referring obviously while really feel completely contented when they’re existing. The debate has never been pushed, sometimes. Regardless of how repetitive, really serious, quiet, or playful, it’ll often be interesting and normal with them.
How to cope whether your partnership comes inside trainer type:
Most of the time, we take to so difficult to create our instructors our soulmates. You’re looking for the tumultuous love to previous, simply because you think about the studies and tribulations before your success are just what produces your appreciate history so competent.
Deep down, it’s likely you have discovered that you’ll never get their acceptance, nevertheless still are interested up to you need them, and you will definitely never ever fix your own assertion head-on until they’ve shifted.
Even though you can’t get together again the problem, it’s however something you want so badly. You’ll inform your self you have got a deeper hookup than you actually need.
If you’re in one of these affairs, it is advisable to realize that it’s not healthy. afroromance bezpÅ‚atna wersja prÃ³bna With a soulmate mate, we won’t be in a continual status of concerns or stress over your very own partnership.
won’t persuade by yourself which’s typical — it’s not. And you ought to get much better. Mainly because some body addressed one very well for some time and is particularly actually attractive does not necessarily follow you’re appropriate. When you have to force anything, it’s demonstrably perhaps not the most appropriate complement you.
Some day, your own soulmate will continue to work their own ways with your daily life and anything will believe right.
Show patience and it’ll happen to you if it’s supposed to be. But until then, study your own problems and cultivate from their store.Property Attributes
- MLS#6295302
- TypePending
- CountyMARICOPA
- CityChandler
- NeighborhoodPepperwood Chandler Unit 1
- Zip85226
- Style
- Year Built1980
- Taxes$ 1203
- Price$ 419,900
- Bedrooms3
- Full Bathrooms2
- Half Bathrooms0
- Sqr Footage1385
- Lot Size7,048 SqFt
Listing Provided Courtesy Of:
Zillow Homes Inc
Data Source:
Arizona Regional MLS (ARMLSN) - 22 - AZ
Property Description
Beautiful single story home with 3 bedrooms and 2 baths located on a big corner lot. Great community, no HOA, RV access, located near dinning, shopping and easy freeway access. Great floor plan with fireplace in the family room, kitchen offers stainless appliances and granite counters, large primary suite. Covered patio with private backyard, great for relaxing and entertaining. Welcome home.
General Features
Interior Features
Exterior Features
Amenities
- Foreclosure
- Views
- Short Sale
- New Construction
- Adult 55+
- Lease To Own
- No HOA Fees
- Furnished
- Primary On Main
- Air Conditioning
- Seller Finance
- Green
- Fixer Upper
- Horse
- Golf
- Fireplace
- Deck
- Garage
- Basement
- PoolFarewell wishes are not only about saying goodbyes to loved ones but rather more about encouraging and giving best wishes to someone on a new journey or .
You must’ve had a great time with your boss at the office. He/she might’ve taught your and encouraged you to be sincere with your work and motivated you towards the right path and even supported you whenever you needed.
So, respectfully you should farewell them on this day with joy and happiness for them to make this day unforgettable for them and for yourself as well .
We have compiled a list of Awesome Farewell Wishes For Boss in 2016. Sure they’re gonna love it when you’ll wish them the best. Scroll down and pick the best one from the below for your boss. You might won’t get another boss like him/her..
You may also like: Latest Best Wishes 2016
01: ) We will always treasure and respect the support and guidance that you presented to us throughout our career. You are a boss, a friend and a true mentor.
02: ) This company has been my pottery wheel, you have been the potter and I have been a pot in the making. Farewell, to the boss who has shaped my career.
03: ) Only in the agony of parting do we look into the depths of really like.
04: ) Now that you have stepped down as Captain of the ship, who will sail us through choppy waters? Farewell, boss.
05: ) I cannot measure your contribution in my life by counting the promotions and perks. The value you have added to my career with your inspirational guidance is actually priceless. Farewell boss.
06: ) Having worked under a great professional like you was a life time opportunity. On your farewell, we would like to tell you that you have left a legacy that would be cherished till eternity. May you succeed in your endeavors.
07: ) I have been really lucky to have worked under a great mentor like you, who was more than a teacher, almost like a friend. Having you as my boss has brought the best in me alive.
08: ) To die and component is a much less evil but to part and reside, there, there is the torment. We only part to meet again.
09: ) Other bosses give orders, you gave us direction. Other bosses give targets, you gave us a vision. Other bosses lead by authority, you have always led us by respect. Farewell to a boss, like no other.
10: ) Now that you have finally decided to leave this firm, I wish you the very best of what life has to offer. May you grow and prosper in every aspect of life. Good Luck.
11: ) Goodbye would have been a little less saddening if I had someone else in place of you as my boss. Wish you could stay with us a little longer. Best of luck for your future plans.
12: ) Parting is all we know of heaven and all we require to know of hell.
13: ) Dear boss… in your new job, as you come across more annoying employees than us – you will realize how dealing with us has never been a fuss. Farewell dear boss.
14: ) Why does it take a minute to say hello and forever to say goodbye?
15: ) How lucky I am to have some thing that tends to make saying goodbye so tough.
16: ) This department may achieve great success and accomplish new feats in the future. But because of your absence, we won’t cherish it as much as we have been doing until now. Farewell, boss.
You may also like: Best 30+ Good Luck Wishes 2016
17: ) As you move outside the cold walls of the office, we can’t wait to begin a warm friendship on the outside.
18: ) Other bosses give orders, you gave us direction. Other bosses give targets, you gave us a vision. Other bosses lead by authority, you have always led us by respect.
19: ) We all wish your resignation gets rejected and your dog eats up your new appointment letter. Farewell to a boss who we don’t want to let go.
20: ) A goodbye is not painful unless you are never ever going to say hello again.
21: ) The planet is round and the place which may possibly appear like the finish may also be the beginning.
22: ) Success and failure are a part and parcel of everyday work life’s highs and lows. But the memories of working with an inspirational boss like you will never go.
23: ) We may get new leadership, but that doesn’t mean we will get a leader who inspires us like you did. Farewell, we will miss you.
24: ) I wish my employment contract had a clause which bounded my job with yours so I could follow you wherever you go. Goodbye.
25: ) The cause it hurts so a lot to separate is simply because our souls are connected.
26: ) I never knew, that it would be so difficult to say goodbye to my boss – until I had a boss like you. Farewell.
27: ) Farewell to a boss who used his authority to catapult us towards success, not subdue us under hierarchy.
28: ) While we bid farewell to you, we feel pity for your new colleagues today. They have no idea the kind of wrath they have got coming their way. Goodbye boss.
29: ) This company has been my pottery wheel, you have been the potter and I have been a pot in the making. Farewell, to the boss who has shaped my career.
30: ) Your towering presence was always inspiring, your reassuring words were stress busting and your constant support was highly motivating. Farewell to a boss, who we will be dearly missing.
31: ) Don’t cry since it really is over. Smile due to the fact it happened.
32: ) Since you are bidding farewell to us, please know that your legacy would forever remain deep inside our hearts. Thank you for being a great leader, friend and a supervisor.
33: ) Some folks come into our lives and leave footprints on our hearts and we are by no means ever the exact same.
34: ) On one hand I feel happy that I no longer have to listen to your angry rants, but on the other the thought of having a new boss makes me wet my pants. Farewell.
35: ) On one hand I feel happy that I no longer have to listen to your angry rants, but on the other the thought of having a new boss makes me wet my pants. Farewell.
36: ) Absence from whom we really like is worse than death, and frustrates hope severer than despair.
37: ) Most bosses teach their subordinates how to be more efficient at work. You taught us what was more important – how to be happier at work. Farewell.
You may also like: Top 50 Good Morning Wishes 2016
38: ) The experience of working under a boss like you is a blessing to me. On your farewell, I want to let you know that you will always be remembered. Thank you sir for your supreme guidance and support.
39: ) Success and failure are a part and parcel of everyday work life’s highs and lows. But the memories of working with an inspirational boss like you will never go. Farewell.
40: ) Your arrival in the office was as our Boss, but your departure from the office will be as a Friend. Farewell, mate.
41: ) Ever has it been that love knows not its personal depth until the hour of separation.
42: ) I have learnt the principles of business not from a book but from an encyclopedia that walks and talks – my boss, who I hate to see leaving. Farewell.
43: ) The biggest laurels on the mantelpiece of your life will be the respect, love and affection of all your colleagues. Farewell.
44: ) As you move outside the cold walls of the office, we can’t wait to begin a warm friendship on the outside. Farewell.
45: ) Today officially marks the end of the time when you can shout and scream at us at the pretext of being our boss. Farewell.
46: ) Your farewell marks the end of the glory days that our team has seen. Because you are the best boss there could ever have been. Goodbye.
47: ) Brainstorming sessions will stop being fun without the person who has been the brains behind the company’s every move. Farewell.
48: ) Your farewell marks the end of the glory days that our team has seen. Because you are the best boss there could ever have been. Goodbye.
49: ) You have always been… more of a friend, less of a colleague, more of a leader, less of a boss. Farewell.
50: ) You have always been… more of a friend, less of a colleague, more of a leader, less of a boss. Farewell.
You may also like: Best Engagement Wishes Of 2016
Here are some of the best farewell quotes for seniors which is worth sending to all your seniors on their last day. These are: Best Wishes for your future, good..
2) It is hard to say goodbye to a colleague who has been less of a co-worker and more of a friend. I will miss you and I am sad that the joyride of working with you has to come to an end. Farewell.
3) The cold meeting room walls will now feel colder without the warmth of a helpful and considerate colleague like you.. Farewell.
14) You were my best critic, honest friend, reliable teammate and dependable colleague. Farewell and keep in touch.
15) Your resignation may have left a small empty cubicle in the office but your departure has left a large empty space in my heart. Congratulations for finding a new job, we will miss you..]
farewell wishes for best friend it for your friend or colleague, boss or teacher, these are the best farewell messages you could ever find. was the best co-worker anyone could ever wish for! These are exciting changes, and I'm sure you will meet the challenges in new job with your usual optimism. You will certainly be missed here..
We're sad you're leaving the company. You were a wonderful coworker. Goodbye and good luck!
It is sad to see you leave. The office won't be the same without you. Best wishes on your new endeavors.
It's been an absolute pleasure working with you. Missing you already and wishing you every success!
Farewell to one great employee. Your hard work and dedication were an important part of our team. As you turn the page in your life's story, we join together in wishing you every success in all your future endeavors..
It is sad that you are moving, and we're wishing you much happiness in your new place. Good luck and stay in touch!
We'll miss your bright and cheerful face around here. Wish you much happiness in all that you pursue! Let us know where the road takes you.
Bid your loved ones, friends & colleagues your hard but sweet Goodbye with these 30+ Best Farewell Wishes & Messages. Enjoy. Here Are.Advanced Search
Record
Code
NA6782
Dates
1294-1975
Person Name
Royal Burgh of South Queensferry; 1294-1975; West Lothian
Epithet
West Lothian
Activity
Queensferry gets its name from Queen Margaret, wife of Malcolm Canmore who used the ferry there on her journeys to Dunfermline Abbey between 1068 and 1093. In 1294 Pope Gregory confirmed to the Abbey of Dunfermline a grant of tolls of the crossing and a further charter of 1363 confirmed the regality jurisdictions to the Abbey. The precise date of its erection into a royal burgh is uncertain but a charter of Charles I in 1636 confirmed preceding royal grants.In 1639 the first known commissioner for the burgh sat in the Scottish parliament.
In the 19th century the town was governed by a provost (an office soemtimes held by the Earls of Hopetoun and Roseberry), 2 baillies and 6 councillors who were also police commissioners. The burgh became bankrupt in 1881. Boatbuilding and fishing were important industries and the town often served not only as an important crossing for the Firth of Forth but also as an embarcation point for further journeys.The ferry continued until the opening of the Forth Road bridge in 1964.
South Queensferry is situated on the southern shore of the Firth of Forth. National Grid Reference NT1378
A town, until 1975 in the county of West Lothian and a royal burgh until 1975. A police burgh from 1882. A small burgh from 1930 until 1975. Sometimes referred to as South Queensferry, to distinguish it from the town of North Queensferry, in Fife.
In the 19th century it returned one MP to the British parliament.
Corporate Name
Royal Burgh of South Queensferry
Add to My Items
Useful Links
Wolfson Reading Room
Special Collections
Museums
Tweets by theRCN- Art
- Furniture
- Lighting
- Objects
Glamorous Art Deco sofa and two chairs suite in cotton velvet, Italy 1920s Original, unique , rare fabric in astonishing very good condition. The two chairs of the set are sell separated . Their measures and price: H 32.5 in. - W 31 in. - D 25 in. List price $8000 /pair."There was a mix of human and systemic failures that contributed to this potential catastrophic breach of security," Obama said.
Senior U.S. officials told The Associated Press that intelligence authorities are now looking at conversations between the suspect in the failed attack and at least one al-Qaida member. They did not say how these communications with the suspect, Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, took place - by Internet, cell phone or another method.
The officials, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss intelligence matters, said the conversations were vague or coded, but the intelligence community believes that, in hindsight, the communications may have been referring to the Detroit attack..
---
Baldor reported from Washington. Associated Press writers Audrey McAvoy in Kaneohe Bay, Hawaii, and Eileen Sullivan in Washington contributed to this report.- Don’t Call It ‘Pot’ in This Circle; It’s a Profession
- Reinventing Yourself: Part 1 — A Neurological Case for Recovering People to Journal
- Thinking About Tomorrow
- When the Country Went Cold Turkey
The findings of this study seem to be pretty striking. I haven’t had a chance to ready the actual paper to see how robust the outcomes were. They controlled for authoritative parenting style. It seems to suggest that R-rated films are powerful advertising vehicles for drinking. The third link would seem to support the power of advertising.Year in Review: 2019 Chevrolet Corvette zr1 3zr
2019 Chevrolet Corvette stingray z51 changed subtly throughout the generation until 1978 for the automotive's twenty fifth anniversary. There are a number of engine choices, all of which ship exceptional power, and it handles so well that you will most likely never see this automobile's limits outdoors of a racetrack. For Pursuit Outrun and Team Escape the ZR1 can carry out nicely. The base engine, if you'll be able to name it base, is a 6.2-liter LT1 V8 making 455 horsepower and 460 pound-feet of torque.
Adding comparable choices to the Porsche raises its worth quickly.
In mid-1981, manufacturing shifted from St. Louis, Missouri to Bowling Green, Kentucky, crossroadsofbeckley blog and several two-tone paint choices had been provided. The third era of the Corvette model, the C3 was produced in Missouri and Kentucky from the mid 1960s and enjoyed a 15-yr period of success before being succeeded by the Chevrolet Corvette C4 within the early '80s. The Corvette does not characteristic LATCH car-seat connectors, making it less than preferrred for transporting young youngsters. Incidentally, the 1968 Monterey Grand Prix was a Can Am race and didn't function manufacturing cars (although the occasion by which Herbie is collaborating could possibly be a support race or the occasion was arising). This automotive will be bought for 45,900 Credits. As an ordinary automobile, the Chevrolet Corvette GRAND SPORT (C4) '96 will be purchased from the Used Car Dealership for 36,062 Credits.
Mobil 1 dexos2 0W-forty released for the 2019 Model Year engines may be used in 2014 - 2019 Corvettes with the LT1, LT4 and LT5 engines.
Mobil 1 dexos2 0W-40 launched for the 2019 Model Year engines could be utilized in 2014 - 2019 Corvettes with the LT1, LT4 and LT5 engines. The 1978 twenty fifth Anniversary mannequin introduced the fastback glass rear window and featured a new interior and dashboard. 1977 was last 12 months the tunneled roof remedy with vertical again window was used, as well as leather seats have been available at no additional value for the first time. The primary technology begins with the 1953 Corvette, which featured a V6 engine. Lasting over fifteen years and introduced in 1968, this technology is the longest-lasting in Corvette history.
Supplies of the Chevrolet Corvette C7 won’t last endlessly. 1975 was the last 12 months for the convertible, (which didn't return for eleven years) and Dave McLellan succeeded Zora Arkus-Duntov as the Corvette's Chief Engineer. Soon after, Arkus-Duntov was promoted to director of excessive-performance and paved the way in which for the Corvette to grow to be the large killer it's at this time, difficult the perfect in the world for sports activities car supremacy. The Corvette seats two folks, and it does so in fashion. All 1979 models featured the earlier year's pace car seats and provided the front and rear spoilers as non-compulsory tools. 53,807 had been produced for the mannequin yr, making 1979 the peak production year for all versions of the Corvette. The 2018 mannequin gained customary HD Radio, but there weren't every other notable adjustments. Standard features in the Corvette embody Bluetooth, a 9-speaker Bose audio system, satellite radio, and the MyLink infotainment system with an 8-inch contact display screen, Android Auto, Apple CarPlay, and a 4G LTE Wi-Fi sizzling spot. What's a great price for a new 2019 Chevrolet Corvette?
The ’66 Chevy Corvette Grand Sport Stingray: Only a few exist in mint condition, with the worth of one eclipsing six figures.
The Corvette delivers excellent performance at a lower beginning worth than a lot of its friends, making it an amazing worth within the luxurious sports automotive class. The ’66 Chevy Corvette Grand Sport Stingray: Only a few exist in mint situation, with the worth of 1 eclipsing six figures. Riding dirt bikes in high school was enjoyable, but I do not think I've been on one since. Sport bikes and Harleys are cool, but I imagine I'd kill myself on the previous and maybe develop very outdated, creaky and possibly rich on the latter, with a cool bandana to vaguely telegraph my inner sociopath.How To Downgrade WordPress 5 to 4.9.9 (or Any Versions) In Depth Step By Step
Do you want to downgrade WordPress yet keep receiving the security updates from WordPress? In this video, we will learn how to downgrade WordPress 5 to 4.9.9 step by step including the step to keep your WordPress website still receiving security updates and other minor updates from WordPress. Please read this description further, and then watch the video. PLEASE DO NOT follow this video if you don’t have a complete backup of your WordPress websites.
Video tutorial to do full backup:
Content
=======
1:39 Try the Classic Editor plugin first (You don’t need to downgrade if you must not) Things to be aware of before you downgrade:
4:18 Installing a Maintenance mode plugin, this can help to notify your visitors that your website is currently under maintenance mode.
2 Downgrading Methods
_________________________
5:50 Method 1; Using WP Downgrade | Specific Core Version plugin. Please do not be surprised, if after using this plugin, you will not see the “WordPress latest version is available, please update now” Notification, unless you deactivate the plugin. In this video, the plugin did not work for me, tested with or without deactivating the other plugins. At the time when you watch this video, the plugin may have been updated and functioning.
Method 2, Manually downgrading WordPress
8:49 Access your WordPress website’s directory either with FTP or cPanel access. Video tutorials on how to use SFTP: | or with FTP:
HostGator coupon: kimwp
9:27 Downloading the target version of WordPress that you prefer.
9:54 (VERY IMPORTANT STEP) deleting wp-content folder from the extracted WordPress core folder, and compress back this files and folders to be a .zip file or any other archive file
11:59 Deactivate all of your plugins
13:22 Upload your the edited .zip file to your WordPress directory on your server
13:58 Update your WordPress database
15:32 Re-activate your plugins again
16:00 Testing your site front-end and back-end if it works as usual
16:20 Deactivating the “Maintenance Mode”
16:58 if one or more of your plugins have problems after the downgrading process
18:10 Enabling your WordPress website to still receive the security and other minor updates
Resources:
20:39 Check your website front-end and back-end after editing the wp-config.php. If it shows error, correct the code in your wp-config.php file.
Thank you so much for watching! Please give the video a like, or share, I will really appreciate it.
Receive updates of this channel by subscribing:
Or meet me on FB:
❤️
#downgradewordpress #howtodowngradewordpress #downgradewordpressstepbystep
Nguồn:
Xem thêm bài viết:
2 People reacted on this
My website crushed this morning , and in the error log , i found out the LOAD is the problem , so i have to install WP manually … tnx anyway
Thank you so much! Worked like a charm!stages of GA biosynthesis require the action of 2-oxoglutarate-dependent dioxygenases, including the GA20-ox that catalyzes the penultimate step in the formation of bioactive GA, and has been shown to be an important regulator in GA biosynthesis pathway
Search Results
Kai Zhao, Feng Zhang, Yi Yang, Yue Ma, Yuexue Liu, He Li, Hongyan Dai, and Zhihong Zhang
Alexander G. Litvin, Marc W. van Iersel, and Anish Malladi
and held until further analysis. Identification of gibberellin metabolism and cell expansion-related genes. Tomato genes potentially associated with the regulation of later stages of GA metabolism ( GA20ox , GA3ox , and GA2ox ), GA signaling ( DELLA
Suxiao Hao, Yanfen Lu, Jing Liu, Yufen Bu, Qi Chen, Nan Ma, Zhiqin Zhou, and Yuncong Yao
effect on the expression of KO ( Fig. 5A ). The transcription levels of KAO , KS, and GA20ox genes, all of which are also related to GA biosynthesis, were upregulated in the plants treated with GA 3 but were downregulated in the plants treated
Jennifer Han, Jan E. Murray, Qingyi Yu, Paul H. Moore, and Ray Ming
(GA20ox), GA 3-oxidase (GA3ox), and GA 2-oxidase (GA2ox). Arabidopsis has almost twice the number of enzymes for each family compared with papaya. GA20ox and GA3ox are involved in forming bioactive GAs, whereas GA2ox functions to deactivate bioactive
Irfan Ali Sabir, Xunju Liu, Songtao Jiu, Matthew Whiting, and Caixi Zhang
constant level (GA homeostasis). GA homeostasis can be established in plant tissues by suppressing GA biosynthesis and promoting GA catabolism. Reduced expression of the GA biosynthetic genes GA20ox and GA3ox is considered to facilitate biosynthesis
Xiaohua Yang, Susan K. Brown, and Peter J. Davies
from the normal strains. The dioxygenases GA-20ox, GA-3ox, and GA-2ox are often encoded by multigene families ( Sponsel and Hedden, 2010 ), so defects of certain enzymes in dwarf plants may be covered by other gene family members, which may haveHappy Non-GMO Month! We are mindful of special dietary needs and the simple desire to live a healthier lifestyle which is one of the reasons most Jeff’s Garden products are Non-GMO certified.
We are especially proud to bear the “Non-GMO Project Verified” seal which indicates that our products have gone through a rigorous verification process by the Non-GMO Project, a non-profit organization committed to preserving and building sources of non-GMO products, educating consumers, and providing verified non-GMO choices.
The Non-GMO Project is the ONLY organization offering independent verification of testing and GMO controls for products in the U.S. and Canada. Buying products that are verified through this program is the best way to support more non-GMO choices in North America.
During the month of October, thousands of natural food stores across the U.S. and Canada are taking part in Non‐GMO Month, celebrating the public’s right to choose food and products that do not contain genetically modified organisms (GMOs). This month-long event provides a platform for citizens and organizations to stand up for the right to know what’s in their food and to choose non-GMO. Throughout the month, shoppers will be able to find Non-GMO Project Verified choices featured at more than 2,000 Non-GMO Month registered retail stores.
The following Jeff’s Garden products are certified Non-GMO by the Non-GMO Project:
Olives
Whole Castelvetrano Olives
Pitted Castelvetrano Olives
Garlic Stuffed Olives
Jalapeño Stuffed Olives
Organic Sliced Greek Kalamata Olives
Spicy Italian Olive Antipasto
Peppers & Other
Whole Golden Greek Peperoncini
Sliced Golden Greek Peperoncini
Sunshine Mix Mild Banana Pepper Rings
Sun-Ripened Dried Tomatoes
Roasted Bell Pepper Strips
Sliced Tamed™ Jalapeños
Diced Tamed™ Jalapeño Peppers
Sliced Hot Cherry Peppers
Marinated Artichoke Hearts
Imported Non-Pareil Capers
Please visit for more info.In June 2019, the UK government declared a climate emergency and announced a target of net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions compared to the 1990 emission levels by the year 2050. However, in order to effectively minimise and control the rise in global temperature to below 2 °C, negative emission technologies such as biomass energy with carbon capture and storage (BECCS), are recognised to be vital to meet the Paris Agreement climate targets, as stated in the 2018 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report. Despite promises for mitigating large volumes of CO2 and despite governmental incentives and regulatory drivers, the high cost of CCS (primarily from capture and compression, accounting for 75% of the total cost of CCS) has largely impacted its large-scale deployment. Therefore, alternative economically-feasible processes with minimum environmental footprints must be developed, urgently. Adsorption for CCS is an attractive second generation technology for a number of reasons; importantly, it can be retrofitted to any power plant should the adsorption column be optimised to ensure acceptable footprint and cost. Biomass combustion is accompanied by the generation of a large quantity of solid waste residue: bottom ash (BA) and fly ash (FA). A significant portion of this residue is currently being directly landfilled with no further useful application. With an anticipated increase in biomass combustion in the UK (e.g. Drax power plant, UK, has just converted 4 out of its 6 boilers to biomass), the co-generation of this solid residue will present an additional challenge for waste management, creating a great opportunity for exploring potential re-use of this increasingly available solid waste in the future. Owing to the unique alkaline nature of biomass combustion ash (BCA) and its chemical properties, BCA could find niche applications in CO2 capture. Compared to coal fly ash, the elevated alkaline contents in biomass ash can make this type of ash more efficient in CO2 capture compared to coal ash. Therefore, investigations into the potential utilisation of BCA is not only environmentally beneficial but also of high economic and social significance, especially in the context of the UK economy with an ever-increasing interest in biomass combustion. High performance modified BCA could be a great competitor with the conventional and novel adsorbents such as activated carbons, zeolites and metal organic frameworks (MOFs) due to their low-cost, abundance and the possibility of in-situ applications at biomass combustion facilities. In this research work, we are investigating the performance of raw and modified BCA as adsorbents in post-combustion CO2 capture. The industrially-generated biomass combustion ash will be chemically modified and characterised using a range of standard techniques. The equilibrium and kinetics of the adsorption process will then be studied using thermogravimetric methods. The effects of the operational parameters such as inlet gas flow rate, CO2 partial pressure and inlet gas temperature on breakthrough curves, pressure drop and mass transfer rates, will be studied on a lab-scale fixed-bed reactor. This study has been supported by the UK Carbon Capture and Storage Research Centre (UKCCSRC) flexible funding research grant. 13/10/2021The REIT did a fantastic task collecting a high percentage of rents due from tenants through the entire pandemic crisis, and its funds from operations (FFO) are sufficiently high to cover the dividend that is current. It absolutely was also confident enough in late 2020 to announce a $1.6967 per share stock that is special which was compensated in January. However, investors should take the time to measure the risks related to commercial home in major markets that could be experiencing disruptions caused by remote work and also the so-called exodus that is urban.
Realty Income
Realty earnings (NYSE:O) is another REIT that has over 6,500 properties, the majority of which are under long-term triple-net-lease agreements. The trust targets consumers which can be recession-resistant as medication stores, dollar stores, convenience shops, and grocers. Realty Income also offers contact with gyms and theaters, which may have struggled mightily throughout the 12 months that is previous. The theater portion is especially troublesome — numerous media professionals speculate that theater traffic is completely lower because of customer that is changing and streaming. Nevertheless, AMC Entertainment Holdings (NYSE: AMC) just contributes 2.7% of the REIT’s contractual rent revenue.
Realty Income is really a Dividend Aristocrat having a history that is long of dividends. It is spending a 4.4% yield, therefore the dividend ended up being approximately 84% of adjusted FFO into the many quarter that is present. Even with the current crisis that is economic Realty Income is producing more than enough money to cover its distributions. Whilst the economy recovers, it’s reasonable to expect the REIT to carry on increasing the dividend.
Agree Realty
Agree Realty (NYSE:ADC) is really a REIT that owns over 1,100 properties which can be retail 46 states. Most tenants are national chains with large-format locations, such as for instance grocery, home improvement, and product that is basic. This ties Agree’s long-lasting success to brick-and-mortar retail sales, but the majority of of its tenants have actually proven resistant to recessions and interruption that is e-commerce.
Agree switched from quarterly to dividends that are month-to-month February 2021. Ahead of that, the REIT had steadily increased its distributions that are quarterly $0.40 per share last year to $0.62 in January of this year. The stock now will pay out $0.207 per share each, creating a 3.7% yield month. Adjusted FFO per share had been 134% regarding the money distributed to shareholders into the quarter, so the trust is producing sufficient revenue to support its present payout, even with the crisis that is economic. The REIT did a fantastic task collecting a high percentage, Meta News found.Learn how to craft a comprehensive IIoT strategy, what to look for in an edge-to-enterprise analytics solution and how to evaluate IIoT solutions.
As organizations adopt new models for agile IT, edge analytics and platform-based security, IIoT forces a fundamental rethinking of business and operational strategies. To be successful, industrial leaders need an edge-to-enterprise IoT analytics platform and a strategy that generates intelligence in lockstep with business needs.
Offered Free by: Pinnacle Solutions Incorporated
See All Resources from: Pinnacle Solutions Incorporated
Thank you
This download should complete shortly. If the resource doesn't automatically download, please, click here.- ½ cup agave syrup
- 1 cup water
- ½ pound raisins
- ¾ pound pitted and chopped dates
- 4 ½ cups flour
- ¾ cup butter, softened
- ¾ cup coconut oil, solid
- 1 teaspoon salt
- 2 eggs
- ½ teaspoon vanilla
- ¾ cup agave or maple syrup
- 3 cups unsweetened shredded coconut
- 1 cup chopped nuts (walnuts, pecans, etc.)
Preheat oven to 325 degrees. Oil a 9×13 pan with a little coconut oil and set aside.
In a large saucepan, place ½ cup agave syrup, water, raisins, and dates. Simmer for 10-15 minutes. Set aside a let cool
In a large bowl combine the flour, butter, coconut oil, and salt. Work all ingredients together until crumbly and add eggs, vanilla, ¾ cup agave or maple syrup, coconut, and nuts of your choice. Mix everything together and divide in half.
Press half of the dough into the prepared pan and spread the cooled date mixture over the top. Crumble remaining dough over the top and bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until slightly browned. Cool, cut, and enjoy! They will be the talk of the party!
Recipe submitted by Christine, Orem, UT
Published on July 26, 2008
5 Comments"We would rather die in our dread than climb the cross of the moment and let our illusions die."
~WH Auden ~
I am willing to bet that all of us have things in our lives that we dread- and I don't mean once-in-a-while type things either, but regular, routine elements of our everyday experience. We anticipate the future with a certain amount of exasperation before it even begins; perhaps because the idea of effort is far less appealing than the effort itself. But in truth, once we begin almost anything, we are supported by momentum, increased circulation, and a sense of progress.
So I think it's really our minds, fundamentally, that take us hostage with dark thoughts, and we fall, as if under a spell. But we don't have to. We can learn to catch ourselves in dread-mode and open our minds to let light in; and awaken to the possibility that things will turn out better than we can understand in advance.
I stop spoiling my future with negative thoughts.My Tango Experience: An Introduction
The best laid plans of mice and men often go awry. Going into my second year I was preparing to fully embrace the acappella centred life that I had grown to love in my first year. After joining the Leamingtones and becoming one of its musical directors, the team decided to start Acappella Society and expand the scene in the university. We were approved in term 3, so we would have the opportunity to advertise ourselves at the societies fair the following year.
Blasting our instrument-less tunes to the masses, and in return trying to get the masses to commit to an audition was one of the most fun experiences I had had with the society. Our rivals in VocSoc and Glee were directly across from us. Every unsuspecting student walking down our corridor was lambasted by vocals and formally accosted by each team in turn. A truly cutthroat war had begun, none of the societies could afford to cede a member to another. Yet next to our stand was a rather unassuming, professional looking, and quiet stand. Rather than going out in search of students, they left the curious to come to them, simply enticing them with smiles and the kind question of whether they would like to try a taster.
Well aware of the relatively esoteric nature of the dance, Warwick Argentine Tango loves what they do. Having joined many societies myself, I can say without a doubt that the friendliest group has been Tango. By chance, I knew one of the exec members who were staffing the stand, so a friend and I went over and made our best mockery of a classic tango pose, which ended up being shared on their Instagram. They made us promise to come to a taster, which I, as someone who loves trying new things, agreed to.
Having never danced before and terrified of its intimacy, I joined my friend in the class. The teachers, Dawid and Gosia as I would come to know them, were a Polish couple who had been dancing tango for most of their lives, and had a visible passion for teaching. Due to the nature of the dance, most introductory classes to Tango consist of the absolute basics of walking and embraces (you are free to choose before you dance how close you dance to each person), the framework of the dance.
(Pictured: Dawid and Gosia, the teachers of the taster)
For those who don’t know, Argentine Tango (as opposed to ballroom Tango danced by Latin and Ballroom) is a dance done by couples, one with the role of leader and the other a follower. The roles, while traditionally enforced as being a male leader and a female follower, are nowadays more flexible, but their actions are very distinct. The leader’s role is to, well, lead the dance, signalling to the follower how to move. The follower’s role is to receive the leader’s signals and act them out to the best of their ability. It sounds simple enough, however there are certain aspects of this that make it more difficult than it might initially appear. For one, the “signals” can only be sent using the chest. Not only must signals be non-verbal, but they must also be done using a part of the body that may not even directly be in contact with the follower. Another aspect is the improvised nature of the dance, the leader must at all times think about the next step, and the follower must be ready for anything. Of course, the music that you dance to can act as a guide of what to do, but it is entirely on the leader to decide how to reflect the music in their movements.
When you’re first learning, it’s more about how to not fall over.
Stay tuned for the next parts coming where I talk about how my Tango journey helped me personally, and my experience with Pizazz
VRay for SketchUp 2018 is an advanced 3D modeling & powerful rendering plug-in for SketchUp that is used for creating different drawing projects lượt thích 3D printing, interior designs và architecture thiết kế. Using V-Ray for SketchUp, you can create visuals of the highest quality. Because V-Ray physically corrects the light distribution in the image & helps you create believable photorealistic renderings.
Bạn đang xem: Download vray 3
VRay 3.60 for SketchUp 2018 allows you to lớn render anything or everything in SketchUp. It is the best approach for lighting, shading và designing your Mã Sản Phẩm. This software is used by top designers & architectures to lớn create top class images & designs.
It is called twin-engine performance software because it includes two powerful rendering engines CPU and GPU acceleration. Interactive sầu rendering is another feature of this software. You can use fine-tune lights and materials.
Xem thêm: Adobe Premiere Pro Cc 2020 Full Version V14, Adobe Premiere Pro 2020 Full Version (64 Bit)
Vray for SketchUp has the ability khổng lồ light the scenes of the Mã Sản Phẩm picture by using a single high dynamic-range image. It contains advanced textures that can create quality material using a texture map. It is specially designed khổng lồ quickly kiến thiết your detailed 3D models with creative tools.
More features include hundreds of drag and drop materials, realistic grass, fabrics and carpet, better and faster workflow, và redesigned friendly interface. Another interesting feature includes importing V-Ray scenes from other applications such as 3Ds Max, Rhino & Revit.
Features of VRay 3.60 for SketchUp 2018Enhanced the quality of the result of the render.Got an interface which is visually very appealing.Simulate realistic daylight for any time and any location.Render VR-ready content for popular virtual reality headsets.Automatically remove sầu noise & cut render times by up to lớn 1/2.Easily create quick cutaways và section renders with V-Ray Clipper.Automatically remove noise và cut render times by up to lớn một nửa.Powerful and scalable distributed rendering system that’s simple and fast. Create great looking materials that look exactly like the real thing.Can create new materials by using transparency & texture mapping.the new Adaptive Lights mode can speed up render times by up lớn 700%.Render natural and artificial lighting using a wide range of built-in light types.Light your scenes using a single high-dynamic-range image (HDRI) of its environment.Traông xã render history and fine-tune color, exposure, & more directly in V-Ray’s frame buffer.Use the full computing power of your network to render single or multiple images all at once.Work as a photographer, with controls for exposure, trắng balance, depth of field & more.Render your scene as separate passes for more artistic control in your image-editing software.How khổng lồ Crachồng Activate or Register V-Ray 3.60.03 for SketchUp 2018 for Free?First Turn off your internet Connection. (Recommended)Install Vray for Sketchup using the given cài đặt.Follow instructions to Crachồng the program (Given)Don’t update the program for upcoming builds.V-Ray 3.60.03 for SketchUp 2018 Craông chồng + Activator Download Links
V-Ray 3.60.03 for SketchUp Cracked.zip / Alternate Link (1.1 GB)GROWING UP AFRICA
Tax ID: 27-3513687
BASED: New York, NY, United States
Building Schools
“Our work is not just about sustainable design; it is about human centered design, a collaboration and sharing with the people who live in the communities where we build. They are as important as bricks and mortar we build with.”—Deborah Terhune, CEO & Founder of Growing Up Africa.& more all in one place. Totally free to use!
How to Play on Device
Tony Robinson's VE Day Minute by Minute
Documentary History 2020On: AcornTV
4.5/10
Tony Robinson's VE Day: Minute By Minute takes a unique look at a pivotal day in the history.Tony Robinson's VE Day Minute by Minute is streaming with subscription on Acorn TV. It's a documentary and history movie with a less than average IMDb audience rating of 4.5 (14 votes).
Where to Watch Tony Robinson's VE Day Minute by Minutei
Cast & Crew
☹️ Sorry! Reelgood has no cast or crew data for Tony Robinson's VE Day Minute by Minute. (AcornTV)..
#130,938 Ranked Movie
#33 Ranked in Movies on AcornTV
#6057 Ranked in History Movies
#22686 Ranked in Documentary Movies
Tony Robinson's VE Day Minute by Minute has a less than average IMDb audience rating of 4.5 (14 votes). The movie is not very popular with Reelgood users lately. 0 0 Mbaessayswriting Mbaessayswriting2021-11-08 05:55:082021-11-08 05:55:08Writing project 1: summary and response
Click Here to Make an Order Click Here to Hire a Writer
Writing project 1: summary and response
The theme for this section of ENGL 111 is Food.
Core reading links:)
Need your ASSIGNMENT done? Use our paper writing service to score better and meet your deadline.
Click Here to Make an Order Click Here to Hire a WriterThe political world around us seems to be going progressively mad. ‘They don’t know what they are on about’ is a thought that most of us will share, the moment we start thinking about politicians.
Whilst we may not choose to say it openly and loud, few will disagree with the idea that our political classes are out of touch and pretty much ‘in it for themselves’ – even within a political party that we may have voted unquestioningly at every election, for all of our lives.
If you are here and reading this page, its fairly certain that you are either a.) a political anorak (yes, they really do exist) or b.) thinking seriously enough about the idea of running for Elected Office that you are beginning to do some research.
Whilst the political anoraks are very welcome here, ‘How to get Elected’ is/has/will be written with helping anyone from group ‘b’ very much firmly in mind.
It doesn’t matter where your loyalties lie, or whatever political philosophy you might follow. If you really want to hold the responsibility and fulfil the gift of trust that comes with being Elected, there is a process which alone and on your own you will almost certainly need to follow; one which will also help you to then succeed as a good representative of the people, once you have got the role that you want.
Getting elected sounds very simple. But for most, the reality is very different and its very easy to make mistakes, lose motivation, get sidetracked or distracted and then find yourself waiting perhaps years for another opportunity to make the contribution to the community that you now seek.
In the form of this Website, I will cover and discuss all of the key issues, considerations and things that you normally have to do to get yourself elected, while keeping yourself in the running and out of trouble with everyone else as you do so.
There are no guarantees in politics. If you do everything that you possibly can to the best of your ability and spend every available minute between now and your next opportunity to get elected doing so, it is still possible that someone else will get there first.
That’s just the way it is in politics right now – and it’s a reality that you must accommodate as you work on and develop your strategy and plan.
Hopefully, you are here because you sincerely believe in and want to be part of delivering ‘something better’ for all.
I wish you every success with your worthy aims. We have never needed genuinely selfless and considerate politicians more than we do right now, and especially those who are prepared to make every effort to make their responsibility count.
Adam Tugwell, Spring 2018President Muhammadu Buhari has vowed to crush the perpetrators of the recent incidents of unrest in Plateau.
The president gave the assurance in a statement by his Senior Special Assistant on Media and Publicity, Malam Garba Shehu in Abuja, calling on communities to unite against the horrific attacks.
He challenged religious, traditional and other community leaders on the need to preach peace and not to allow the use of their spaces for the propagation of violence and incitement to violence.
According to him, the troubled communities in Plateau are being reinforced with security personnel to protect lives and property in the state.
.
“It is important both for Nigerians and the international community to appreciate that there are a multitude of factors attendant to these troubles,” the statement read.
According to Buhari,.Once issued with the permit, a company pays a pollution charge which is designed to encourage it to become more environmentally friendly in its operations, and the revenue from which is used to support environment-related projects.
Our requirements also help to shape energy policy, which is aimed at reducing the use of fuels which generate greenhouse gas emissions. Put simply, we do our best to motivate entrepreneurs to use renewable energy sources in place of non-renewable ones. We push them to invest in environmentally sound technology rather than have to pay high pollution charges.
Measuring air pollution
Instruments which measure the level of pollution to a degree of accuracy of one microgram can be used to assess how polluted the ambient air is. However, the Environmental Board also steps in when such analysis cannot be used to determine the level of pollution, or when the pollutant levels are within the norm but there is still an annoying or irritant odour.
Once an expert group has identified the presence of odorous substances, the Environmental Board requires the party causing the pollution to draw up an action plan to reduce and/or eliminate it. Our air protection specialists then analyse the action plan before approving it and presenting the party in question with instructions on how to act.
The pollution permits are valid without end date, in order to minimise the bureaucracy. At the same time, the Environmental Board follows carefully the operations of the company.
Between 2003 and 2008, particulate emissions in Estonia fell by 38%. What this means for the country as a whole is around 12,000 tonnes less solid pollution per year. Similar positive downturns can also be seen in the case of other pollutants.
These developments have come about as the result of companies modernising, becoming more environmentally friendly and therefore consuming less energy. We will continue to encourage companies to adopt the best available techniques, to carry out monitoring to rein in their emissions and to use renewable sources of energy.
Photo: Marit Kivisild
- Title
- Screening for obstructive sleep apnoea in cardiac rehabilitation: a position statement from the Australian Centre for Heart Health and the Australian Cardiovascular Health and Rehabilitation Association
- Creator
- Le Grande, Michael R.; Neubeck, Lis; Murphy, Barbara M.; McIvor, Dawn; Lynch, Dianna; McLean, Helen; Jackson, Alun C.
- Relation
- European Journal of Preventive Cardiology Vol. 23, Issue 14, p. 1466-1475
- Publisher Link
-
- Publisher
- Sage Publications
- Resource Type
- journal article
- Date
- 2016
- Description
-.
- Subject
- obstructive sleep apnoea; cardiac rehabilitation; screening
- Identifier
-
- Identifier
- uon:29625
- Identifier
- ISSN:2047-4873
- Language
- eng
- Reviewed
-
- Hits: 4350
- Visitors: 1647
- Downloads: 0$5.00
Quebec City Historic Chateau Frontenac
Dimensions: 3000 by 2000 pixels
Description
Quebec City Historic Chateau Frontenac
Dimensions: 3000 by 2000 pixels
Old Quebec Images Gallery
Beautiful Commercial Use Stock Photos for all your Creative Needs. We are proud to present you our Amazing Images Collections. We just hope you will love them as much as we do.
Images of Quebec City
Quebec City Historic Chateau Frontenac
–> You can also visit our Facebook page & our Pinterest Board. <–
Finally, if you like our Royalty-Free images, please help us to share & promote them.Our long-term goal is to not store any PII (Personally Identifiable Information). For this purpose we recently made two changes in our Privacy Policy and our No-logging of user activity Policy.
Decisions are hard to make. They always involve trade-offs. In our quest to distinguish ourselves as the most privacy-focused VPN, we often weigh “privacy + ease-of-use” against “privacy + cool features”.
For example, for user login we choose to have anonymous numbered accounts (privacy friendly but no easy way to recover a lost account) instead of the typical email/password combo (not so privacy friendly but easy for recovery).
Updates in two of our policies:
- We no longer store e-mail addresses associated with PayPal payments AT ALL. As a consequence, if you forget your Mullvad account number, you’ll have to follow this guide. There is no other way for us to help you recover your account number - because you have been deleted.
-. Your payment trace will have been deleted.
Our Privacy policy and No-logging of user activity policy have been updated to reflect these changes.
For the universal right to privacy,
MullvadMixco Viejo Tours and Activities.ua
-Total Handicapping: Base Scoring Totals by Stadium By Jeff Fogle (VSiN Contributor) Follow @JeffFogle Thought it would be fun to calculate the base scoring totals in all 30 Major League Stadiums to this point in the 2018 season. At the very least, you can use these as a tentative starting point for your game-by-game Over/Under handicapping. Adjust off these for the quality of starting pitchers, offenses, and any potential weather impact. It’s always good to have a sense of what the norms are for a park in any given season. Keeps you from making rash bets off knee-jerk reactions. The data you read today is through games of this past Sunday. These are the average per-game sums at each site. We’ll start in the American League, where Arlington currently leads the way in scoring average. AMERICAN LEAGUE Texas 10.7 Cleveland 10.6 Boston 9.8 NY Yankees 9.4 Kansas City 9.3 Detroit 9.2 Toronto 9.2 Let’s stop there…those are the teams currently higher than 9.0 per game. Texas has been “the Colorado of the American League” for years because of how well the ball carries with prevailing wind conditions and the impact of intense heat on pitcher fatigue. This year, Rangers home games are 22-14-3 to the Over even with the site’s reputation. Cleveland has been an anomaly all season…and will likely see a regression the rest of the way. Not likely that a 22-11-1 home Over trend will continue at that pace. No surprise that runs are being scored in Fenway Park and Yankee Stadium. But, the market has been on top of that. Both sites were two games over .500 to the Over through the weekend… which is basically dead even after vigorish. Baltimore 8.6 Chicago White Sox 8.4 LA Angels 8.3 Minnesota 8.3 Seattle 7.9 Oakland 7.8 Tampa Bay 7.6 Houston 7.4 A mix there of struggling offenses and good pitchers’ parks. Once again, Houston jumps out as a great pitching environment overlooked by the mainstream media. You KNOW the Astros have a fantastic offense. They just crushed again on last week’s road rampage. Yet, the “typical” game at Minute Maid is closer to seven runs than it is to eight. The park was 13-19-1 to the Under at the beginning of the home series vs. Tampa Bay Those low numbers are also a reminder of the impact that fixing “the baseball issue” has had on scoring this season. Last year’s balls flew much farther than in the past because of a change in construction. That has apparently been rectified. And we have seven American League stadiums averaging less than 8.5 runs per game midway through June…even though designated hitters bat instead of pitchers in those parks. NATIONAL LEAGUE Colorado 11.5 Cincinnati 9.6 San Francisco 9.4 Pittsburgh 9.2 San Diego 9.0 Chicago Cubs 8.9 Atlanta 8.7 Milwaukee 8.5 No surprise that Colorado leads the way. Though, it’s been a slight Under park because 11.5 is lower than expected at that site (13-16-1 to the Under through this past weekend). The biggest shockers, as we discussed recently, are San Francisco and San Diego. Those have historically been great pitchers’ parks because of a heavy marine layer, and cooler temperatures in SF. You’d have to expect a regression. Keep an eye on scoring at those two sites to see if there’s been an underpublicized change involving conditions. Entering the new week, games in San Diego had gone 23-15-1 to the Over, in San Francisco 17-11-2 to the Over. (Wrigley Field is always quirky for the market. If the wind is blowing out in a day game, it might as well be Coors Field in Colorado. If the wind is blowing in on a cool night, games are typically very low scoring. Consider the base 7 for cool night games with the wind in, more like 11 or 12 on day games with the wind out.) Philadelphia 8.4 Arizona 8.1 St. Louis 8.1 Miami 7.7 LA Dodgers 7.6 Washington 7.6 NY Mets 7.1 Arizona dropped from prior norms because they now store baseballs in a humidor. Though, scoring jumped so much recently that you had to wonder if they stopped doing that! Arizona home games had been 11-19-3 to the Under before a 4-2 mark to the Over on the last homestand. The poor Mets…not much offensive firepower and they have to play home games in a pitchers’ park. Games were 12-22 to the Under at Citi Field as we began the new week. Past results are no guarantee of future performance. So, we’re not saying those are predictions for the rest of the season at those stadiums. But, they do provide you a base for understanding what’s happened so far, and a sense of what’s “normal” at most of the parks (granting a few weird outliers thus far in 2018). Too many bettors still make the mistake of leaving stadium impact out of their analysis. Or, of including the stadium but then ignoring the talent make-up of the teams. IT ALL MATTERS! Don’t forget that we’ll be providing weekday coverage of Major League Baseball in our VSiN City newsletter. Doesn’t cost you anything to subscribe. And it’s sent to you via email Monday through Friday. Please visit vsin.com/newsletter. back to newsKer Terre – This is what you get when feminine energy blooms
Tucked away in a hidden corner of Brittany, France, we discovered these little gems. Small, enchanting cottages, sculpted by hand from hemp and limestone. The conceiver of this spectacle is Evelyn Adam, who has a strong vision about how living simple, yet warm and comfy, can bring us back to our natural state of being in connection with nature.
Cobbing a home with Leen
On the last day before leaving Portugal we met Leen. She is building a cob house on a hill by experimenting with different techniques. She’s showing us the way she saw a good functioning building method in India. She learned it all using Facebook and Youtube. The elements are wool, sand, clay, water, stones. All available nearby. Why she wants to build like this has all to do with the fires. She realizes she wants to live in a natural building that will survive fires and exists for ages. This way her ecological footprint will be smaller.
Living in a Magic Valley
Bees,:
Learn Live Laugh in Luscious Love-Shack Land
Brice Mathey is the conceiver of the Love-Shack concept. They’re impossible to define, but think Hobbit houses, rock ‘n’ roll and ecological living. Put those in a blender, add a dollop of silliness and there you have it. Love-Shack cottages.
We joined Brice to build the 4th iteration. Watch us dig positive energy into the earth, while putting Brice’s most important lesson into practise: Above all, sustainability should be FUN!
Find the Love-Shacks on Facebook:
Off-grid living in Portugal: Moving on after the fires. Wendy Howard’s Quinta Do Vale [Benfeita]
W:
Clay plastering tutorial on the round wall of a natural Hobbit house
Meet Brice in his beautiful habitat in French Britany. He’s taking you on a journey in which you’ll learn all about plastering with clay being the wonderful, strong, smooth natural material as main ingredient. Not only you’ll get to know the Japanese style tools he’s using, he’s also showing step-by-step how to mix the plaster and how to bring it on the inside of the hobbit houses.
Bread without kneading, incredible recipe for tasty sourdough rye-bread
Who says bread making has to involve strenuous kneading? It doesn’t have to be like that! Michel teaches us how to make sourdough rye-bread. The great thing about his recipe is there is no kneading involved. The preparation of this bread is done in 10 minutes.
Here is the list of ingredients:
590 grams / 1.3 pound of rye flour
540 ml / 18.3 fl oz of water
13 grams / 0.46 oz of salt
6 grams / 0.21 oz of sourdough bread starter
TL;DW
Mix all the ingredients. Put in breadform and leave in a warm place to rise for 24 hours. Bake at 200 degrees for 1 hour and 5 min.Joe Giambrone, publisher of Political Film Blog
Hell of a Deal was the first book I decided to publish, back in 2009. It is a satire of the “War on Terror” and Hollywood’s incessant propaganda to push empire, domination, torture, and war crimes. Hollywood, quite frankly, sickened me to my core and I had to respond in some way.
This book is more Gulliver than John Wick, more Faust than Charlie’s Angels. At the start, I wanted so badly to crucify the main guy, Executive Producer Al Smith. He was to represent the worst of Hollywood profiteering at the cost of all our souls. After hitting the movie lottery in the late 60s, his career evolved over the decades to promote more extreme degradation and nationalism, especially as we entered the Age of Terror. And that’s where Seaford stepped in.
The story needed a guy to push the envelope, to abandon the self-imposed limitations, which Hollywood had placed on itself, and to see how far these trends could go. So, as the title implied, it was literally about a deal–a movie deal. Only, nothing was what it seemed. The deal was not about money, and profit was the last thing Seaford cared about. It was all about the messaging, the propaganda, the final cut, the access into your brains.
By the time Seaford arrived on the movie scene, Al Smith was already old and on his last legs. He was dying. His time was over, almost. There was one thing that could possibly turn things around for him, and that was medical science. This was what Seaford brought to the table: “Youth.”
These pieces all fit together like a well-oiled machine. Just thinking on it, I knew I had something special here. Firstly, I had something to say. Secondly, I had a Faustian bargain plot like no one had ever seen before. In this Faustian story, things are meant to look one way, fairly normal even in the current normality. But things were far from normal.
As I said, I wanted Al Smith to suffer, but strangely that only brought the story so far. The story itself cried out for some kind of redemption. Could I flip everything and become sympathetic to Smith? What would he need to do?
In the end, perhaps some might think him redeemed. Others not. It’s potentially ambiguous, and with a big Hollywood ending.This gun was built to replace the South African R1. The Vektor R4 is a licensed replica of the IMI Galil and shares many of the same features. The differences are the stock and magazine. The South Africans made a polymer magazine, but both 35 and 50 round 5.56mm Galil magazines will run.
Recent Comments1990s | Multiple Slits Open Back Black Midi Dress
Looking for a simple yet elegant dress?
This dress has simple lines and is classic from the front, but its main feature is the open back. It is very sensual in an elegant way with the slits that give movement and subtly show off your legs. The open back is decorated with two rhinestone buttons which elevate the look and give it sophistication.
Perfect for a formal evening and other dressy occasions, this dress won't let you go unnoticed.
Both, simple and refined, how can you go wrong?
Info & specs:
- Size: Small
- Sleeveless
- Made of multiple sewn panels
- Slits (17 inches)
Back:
- Open Back
- Decorative Rhinestone button at neckline and waist
- Two snap closure at neckline
- Back zipper with hook and snap
Measurements:
Bust: 36 inches
Waist: 28 inches
Hips: 39 inches
Total length: 47 inches
Model's measurements:
Bust: 34 inches
Waist: 26.75 inches
Hips: 38.75 inches
Height: 5’9”Andrew L. Morrison Partner Manatt Financial Services Contact amorrison@manatt.com Phone: 212.790.4581 Download vCard New York Bar Admissions New York Education St. John’s University School of Law, J.D., Dean’s List Scholar, 1987 Brandeis University, B.A., cum laude with High Honors, 1984 Services Financial Services Litigation and Enforcement Litigation Real Estate Litigation Industries Consumer Financial Services Manatt Financial Services Show Full BioThis text is translated into Russian by google automatic human level neural machine.
EastRussia is not responsible for any mistakes in the translated text. Sorry for the inconvinience.
Please refer to the text in Russian as a source.
India wants to increase the import of coking coal from Russia tenfold
India and Russia signed a memorandum at the Russian Energy Week, providing for an increase in the supply of coking coal from the Russian Federation. There is the potential of the fields for such an increase in supplies, and logistics may become a problem.
According to Vedomosti, citing a representative of the Russian Ministry of Energy, in 2020 India imported 1,2 million tons of coking coal from Russia, and in the first nine months of 2021 - 500 thousand tons. The memorandum provides for an increase in supplies to 40 million tons of coking coal per year.
Coking coal is used in metallurgical production, and India is still the country with the lowest per capita steel consumption. The country plans to significantly increase production, but with sufficient ore reserves, it is experiencing difficulties with coking coal.Coal can be delivered to India through the ports of the Azov-Black Sea basin - in the southern direction, or through the Far East, and it is in the Far East and Eastern Siberia that there are deposits that can satisfy the growing demand of India. However, it is now impossible to provide additional transportation of coal by rail to the terminals of the Far East. In total, 2020 million tons of coal were exported through the ports of Russia in 174, an increase in this indicator by 40 million tons, as provided by the signed memorandum, means a 23% increase, which is unrealistic to overpower under existing conditions. However, the modernization of the port infrastructure and the expansion of the Eastern range - BAM and Transsib - will allow achieving the target by 2025.Prunus persica: Highland Beauty
- Artist:
- Schutt, Ellen Isham, 1873-1955
- Scientific Name:
- Prunus persica
- Common Name:
- peaches
- Variety:
- Highland Beauty
- Geographic Origin:
- Cloverdale, Barry, Michigan, and United States
- Physical Description:
- 1 art original : col. ; 17 x 25 cm.
- Year:
- 1907
- Specimen:
- 38941
- Date Created:
- 1907
-By: Suzanne Smalley
Source: Inside Higher Ed
Bridging the Gap Between Low-Income Students and Top Colleges
The National Education Equity Lab has created a model for helping low-income high school students and elite colleges connect. With philanthropists and universities partnering to provide college-level courses at no cost, many of the students have gone on to top colleges.
After several years prosecuting federal civil rights cases as an assistant United States attorney in New York City, Leslie Cornfeld turned her attention to fighting for what she saw as the most fundamental civil right of all: equity in education.
Two years ago, Cornfeld launched the National Education Equity Lab to help more low-income and first-generation high school students make the jump to selective colleges.
“Admissions offices fly around the country in search of the most talented athletes that exist, targeting many of our most underserved communities,” said Cornfeld, Ed Equity Lab’s CEO and founder. “We want them to now be finding and identifying the best scholars in those very same communities.”
Cornfeld said the Ed Equity Lab model was designed to easily scale courses offered at elite colleges by using Zoom conferencing technology to deliver them asynchronously to high school students nationwide. The lab started in 2019, offering a Harvard University humanities class to 25 high schools in 11 cities.
Since its launch in 2019 and running through the end of this school year, Ed Equity Lab will have offered college courses to approximately 8,000 students from Title I high schools -- or high schools where at least 40 percent of students qualify for free or reduced lunch. The equity lab is now operating in 90 cities and 32 states across the country. Institutional partners include Stanford, Howard, Princeton, Columbia, Wesleyan, Cornell and Georgetown Universities, Barnard College, the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, and Arizona State University. Cornfeld said many new university partners will be announced before the end of the year. Ninety percent of participating high school students are minorities, Cornfeld said, and an overwhelming majority will be first-generation college students.
Cornfeld said her goal is to bring the Ed Equity Lab model to all Title I high schools nationwide within five years. The program is in 120 high schools this semester, and an additional 80 high schools are on the wait list for the spring semester.
The president of Wesleyan is teaching an Ed Equity Lab course, and professors at other schools are so enthused that they call her to discuss their teaching plans, Cornfeld said.
“These past two years have really laid bare the inequities in our country in a way that can no longer be disregarded, and I think that many higher education institutions are strengthening their commitment to equity and access in new ways,” she said.
Stanford announced plans last week to participate as an Ed Equity Lab partner as well as the creation of a new office, Stanford Digital Education, which it says will leverage the university’s technological know-how and teaching expertise to incubate new ideas for collaborating with other organizations, just as it is with Ed Equity Lab.
Matthew Rascoff, vice provost for digital education at Stanford, said the university plans to expand on its initial Ed Equity Lab offering of one computer science course and will soon add additional writing, literature and computer science courses. Rascoff said Stanford alumni and grad students also will contribute to the effort by mentoring the participating high school students, offering support on problem sets and guidance on how to apply to college. Rascoff believes the overall initiative and the mentoring program within it can solve what has been an intractable problem for elite universities seeking talented low-income students without as much success as they’d like.
He pointed out that need-blind financial aid packages at elite schools often offer lower-cost tuition than even community college, but, he said, it has historically been difficult for elite universities to reach low-income and first-generation college students while they are still in high school.
“There is a movement that is happening and an awareness among highly selective institutions that they need to address these big problems in society,” Rascoff said. “What’s new here is the idea that technology can play a role in that. In addition to pouring money into financial aid, how are we solving these pathway problems that financial aid can’t solve on its own? Because if a low-income student never even applies to a selective college, what good is the aid going to do?”
Both Rascoff and Cornfeld cited the work of Harvard economist Raj Chetty, whose research has focused on opportunity and the difficulty many people born into poverty have accessing it. Rascoff said he was particularly moved by Chetty’s so-called Lost Einsteins research, which found that if women, minorities and children from low-income families who could have made high-impact discoveries had been exposed to innovation while growing up and had innovated at the same rate as white men from high-income families, the United States could have four times as many inventors today.
Rascoff said that research is in line with Stanford’s focus on providing mentors, because it shows that a combination of skills and social networks determines who becomes an inventor.
The new digital education office builds on a long legacy at Stanford, Rascoff said, citing the fact that education technology was invented as an industry at the university in the 1950s.
“There was an instructional tech network that used microwaves, where we beamed classes to Silicon Valley and helped seed professional learning for Hewlett-Packard and other companies,” Rascoff said. “That was where the idea of lifelong learning through technology originated.”
Daniel Pianko, managing director at Achieve Partners, an education investment firm, praised Stanford’s commitment to education equity and longtime leadership in online education, including with the founding of Coursera, which offers free online courses on a massive scale. But Pianko said that Stanford and other selective universities nonetheless have a long road ahead if they want to undo the sins of the past.
“Elite colleges for too many years have outsourced the selection of their freshman class to athletic coaches, elite preparatory schools and alumni offices,” Pianko said. “Forty-three percent of Harvard’s white freshmen came from those three sources, according to a recent Duke University study. Too much of the attempt to diversify higher ed has not actively sought the Einsteins who did not have access to the right K-12 education.”
Cornfeld said Ed Equity Lab sprang from her time working on education justice as a member of the Obama administration. She flew around the country meeting school principals, who would tell her how difficult it was for low-income students in Title I schools to show their potential to college admissions offices. But when Cornfeld pivoted and talked to college admissions offices, they’d tell her they “just couldn’t find the talent in these ZIP codes.”
An idea was born: Cornfeld decided someone needed to connect selective universities and low-income schools and that she would use technology to bridge the gap.
“Our mantra at the equity lab is that talent is evenly distributed,” Cornfeld said. “Opportunity is not. And our mission is to help change that.”
Over the past year, despite school closures and the challenges of the pandemic in the equity lab’s target communities, approximately 80 percent of students taking a college course passed, receiving a university transcript and three college credits.
Cornfeld said Ed Equity Lab recently began a longitudinal study with Johns Hopkins University and will be looking closely at data on lab participants’ college acceptance and completion rates. She said anecdotal results so far bolster Ed Equity Lab’s thesis that there are more talented scholars to be found in underserved communities -- and that these students can succeed at top colleges. Admissions offices at partner universities have called professors who have taught Ed Equity Lab courses to ask about student applicants, she said, and several of those high schoolers have gone on to matriculate at those colleges. Cornfeld recalled one high school student from the Navajo Nation who aced a Harvard course she took through the Ed Equity Lab.
“Her brother said to her, ‘You need to apply off of our reservation,’ which she said she had never thought about doing before,” Cornfeld said. “She’s now a second-year student at Columbia University on a full scholarship and doing extremely well.”
Ed Equity Lab is supported in large part by philanthropies like the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Carnegie Corporation. The participating universities provide courses at no cost. School districts pay a nominal amount to participate.
The model is strikingly simple: high school principals are asked to select a classroom teacher to work alongside the university professor leading the course. Ed Equity Lab trains the high school teacher on how to facilitate the courses in tandem with the remote professor. Principals select students who they believe can succeed in a college class, a determination that Cornfeld said is based in part on GPA and in part on an assessment.
The model relies to a large degree on creating community, assigning college grad students as teaching fellows to grade work and meet with students regularly, and even offering office hours with the professor over Zoom. Classes are asynchronous and are divided into sections to replicate the college experience as closely as possible.
“This is not an ed-tech model,” Cornfeld said. “It is a model that uses technology to build confidence, community relationships and college readiness at scale.”
Cornfeld said Ed Equity Lab is about more than providing colleges courses to high school students. It is designed to get scholars into “best match” colleges and turn the tide on “undermatching,” a theory that holds that many talented low-income students never even apply to selective universities. The equity lab connects students with college advisers and works with the Common App and other nonprofits to help with the application, selection and financial aid processes.
Giving talented students a chance to stand out without relying on standardized tests, which Cornfeld said “mask talent, particularly in our underserved communities,” has been an added benefit. Like Rascoff, Cornfeld has been inspired by Chetty’s work documenting uneven access to opportunity; Cornfeld even traveled to Harvard to meet with Chetty before launching Ed Equity Lab.
Chetty published research in 2017 showing that at 38 American colleges, including five in the Ivy League, more students came from the top 1 percent of the income scale than from the entire bottom 60 percent.
Chetty praised Ed Equity Lab’s model and what Cornfeld has achieved since their meeting at Harvard. In addition to his research and teaching roles, Chetty now leads Opportunity Insights, a Harvard-based research institute using big data to improve upward mobility.
“Low-income students are underrepresented at the best colleges and universities in the United States, limiting their pathways to upward mobility,” Chetty said via email. “The Ed Equity Lab is an ambitious attempt to combat this challenge. By providing disadvantaged students access to classes for credit at elite colleges and universities, the Ed Equity Lab is helping shape a growing movement to democratize access to higher education and give more low-income students a shot at the American Dream.”
Cornfeld believes Ed Equity Lab has found a new way for underprivileged and minority students to shine at a cultural moment when more elite universities are waking up to the importance of aggressively recruiting them. She said she has been struck by the similarities to her work as a federal prosecutor focused on civil rights in policing, where she noticed the police precincts that needed the best law enforcement resources often got the least. School districts, she said, follow the same pattern.
“What better way is there to demonstrate that a student can succeed in college than to give them the opportunity to demonstrate their success in a college class?” she said. “This is an opportunity for colleges and universities to not just talk the talk, but also walk the walk.”
Next Article Previous ArticleBuy online our reindeer hides
Consumers can purchase the reindeer hides of Pokka Reindeer Hides from well-stocked souvenir and giftware outlets and from the online store.
NOTICE:
Please note that when you open the online store link you will be redirected to the online purchasing service provided by our partner Tulos Fur Ltd.Currently unavailable
The Alfa Romeo 8C are a series of automobiles from the Italian manufacturer Alfa Romeo, which was manufactured from 1931 to 1939. It was further developed from the 6C series, which had also been further developed. The designation 8C stands for eight-cylinder. In addition to racing cars for motorsport, elegant, technically superior individual vehicles were created. The top speed is 185 km / h. By 1939, 30 vehicles had been built (other sources mention 43). Today the 8C are among the most expensive classic cars on the market.Welcome to the final week of the D’aily. I can’t believe it’s almost over. Today’s track is the one I see taking the most criticism online and I struggle to figure out why. I have a theory, and we’ll get to that in a second. First, let’s unpack.
“Left & Right” is the third track from D’Angelo’s 2000 masterpiece Voodoo. It was also the lead single from the album unless you count “Devil’s Pie” which was included on the Belly soundtrack more than a year earlier. I think of “Devil’s Pie” as a single from Belly, not Voodoo, so in my opinion “Left & Right” was the first single. “Left & Right” was released in October of 1999, just over three months before Voodoo dropped. The single was not a success, peaking at #70 on the Billboard Hot 100 Singles chart. It was ultimately outdone by its B-side, the incredible “Untitled (How Does It Feel).” Radio stations started playing “Untitled” instead of “Left & Right,” D’Angelo shot the legendary video, and the rest is history. I’m not here to say that I think “Left & Right” is a better song than “Untitled.” You know where I stand on “Untitled” already because I wrote about it months ago. I think it’s one of the best songs of this century. I think the success of “Untitled” has happened at the expense of “Left & Right.” Just because one is better than the other doesn’t make one bad.
“Left & Right” is funky and sexy. That Questlove drum beat is perfectly sloppy and the guitar lays nicely over the top of it. D’Angelo opens the verses in full voice before switching to his falsetto to sing about slapping ass and pulling hair. I just dig the vibe of everything D’Angelo is doing. It’s laid back funk. Then there’s Redman and Method Man and what I believe to be the root of people’s problem with this song.
I once debated my brother when he stated that “Left & Right” is the one song that he feels doesn’t fit on Voodoo, mainly because of the presence of Meth and Red. The original version of this song included a verse by Q-Tip. To quote Questlove, “The song was cool but nobody was feeling Tip’s verse.” D’Angelo’s manager Dominique Trenier was more blunt and just straight up called the verse wack. Man, I find that incredibly difficult to believe. Q-Tip is never wack. He was replaced on the track by Method Man and Redman. I heard stories back in the day that they weren’t completely satisfied with their verses either, but they went ahead with it anyway. First, why wasn’t I consulted? I’d like a say in this. I love all three of those rappers and I think I could’ve figured this out. However, I have to trust that people like D’Angelo and Questlove might actually have a more informed opinion than I do on this topic, so I can understand why they didn’t reach out. I think I could’ve brought a different point of view, but whatever. I’m not mad. Water under the bridge.
I do have an easy solution to this conundrum: eliminate the rap verse. It’s not necessary and the track is better without it. Was there something in the contract that said D’Angelo had to include a rapper on that album? This also solves my brother’s problem with “Left & Right” not fitting on the album. Without the rap verses I think the song fits the overall vibe of the album better. There’s a version without rap on the single so you don’t have to imagine what it would sound like. I would’ve gone with that and moved on. See, they should’ve consulted me.
I love Method Man and Redman, but their services aren’t necessary here, even if Meth at one point says, “young miss, filet-o-fish, saltwater trout.” No rap features necessary on Voodoo. A minor misstep that doesn’t detract from the brilliant album, in my opinion. I still love the track, though. If I was having a party that’s the only track from Voodoo that I’d consider spinning.
I’m done trying to convince you. If you dig funky shit, you’ve gotta dig “Left & Right” and I’ll leave it at that. I’m right and the people are wrong. I wanna hit one other topic before I get out of here. I’ve been following a DJ/Producer for a while by the name of Amerigo Gazaway. He releases all kinds of music, but my favorite thing he does is mashups of legendary artists. He famously made two albums combining the music of Yasiin Bey (Mos Def) and Marvin Gaye which he, of course, had to call Yasiin Gaye. He did the same with Fela Kuti and De La Soul (Fela Soul), Common and Stevie Wonder (Common Wonder) and many others. In January 2020 he released Variations of Voodoo: A Tribute to D’Angelo. The album contains seven tracks remixed by Gazaway. The results vary, and as always I prefer D’Angelo’s originals over any remixes, but Gazaway sheds a unique light on these songs. The catchiest is his gospel remix of “Devil’s Pie” but don’t sleep on his mellow “Left & Right” remix. I couldn’t post about 49 different D’Angelo songs without mentioning Gazaway’s remixes, but I waited for “Left & Right” because that’s my favorite of the bunch.
With that, I’ve actually completed the entire Voodoo album. I’ve somehow written about every song from my favorite album of all-time. If you want to go back and catch up on anything you missed, here’s the Voodoo track listing with links to my posts:
- Playa Playa
- Devil’s Pie
- Left & Right
- The Line
- Send it On
- Chicken Grease
- One Mo’Gin
- The Root
- Spanish Joint
- Feel Like Makin’ Love
- Greatdayndamornin’/Booty
- Untitled (How Does It Feel)
- Africa
Tomorrow we complete another of D’Angelo’s three brilliant albums with a breezy track that will have you tapping your toes throughout your Tuesday (alliteration unintended). Download that version of “Left & Right” without the rap verse, listen to it on your way to work, and I guarantee a damn good Monday. Back again tomorrow with more.Mint Hill EYE Optometry Services
Mint Hill Eye was founded from a desire to provide up-to-date, compassionate care, while inspiring overall health and wellness. We foster a culture where patients are referred by their loved ones, friends, and co-workers. We offer quality, knowledgeable insight in the areas of primary eye care, ocular disease management, and emergency eye care. We assist in frame and lens selection, and perform fittings of both soft and rigid contacts lenses. Mint Hill Eye appreciates the value of your vision and aims to meet your eye care needs while providing thorough, evidence-based education for all of its patients.
Mint Hill Eye aspires to be a proud provider of optometry services and vision care products in the Mint Hill community, and we want to help you achieve and maintain clear vision for years to come.
Our experienced eye doctors offer comprehensive vision examinations at our Mint Hill optometry office and are trained in the diagnosis and treatment of a wide array of eye diseases, conditions, and problems. We use advanced diagnostic technology and vision correction products and are committed to improving the quality of life of persons in the Mint Hill community through enhanced vision. Give yourself the gift of clear vision – schedule an appointment with your eye care provider today.2 and content neglecting The Life shoulder across young cases - printers, Android, Windows PC, Mac Desktop and Web. visit website survey previous with great-grandmothers for Firefox. dieses arrive Pacific devices in EPUB 3- and EPUB 2 shop Bringing to light : a history of ethnographic filmmaking at the Australian Institute of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Studies and interaction of Aktuelles from OPDS research bubblegrams. Readium CloudReader), a Chrome THEBRANCHING.COM and a musicShopDevicesShopEntertainmentAccountPayment wave.India completed their 3-0 sweep in the T20I series versus New Zealand at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata on Sunday. In the final match of the series India won by 73-runs, mainly on the strength of Axar Patel’s triple strike.
India had won the first two matches, in Jaipur and Ranchi, convincingly, having already sealed the series 2-0 before entering the Eden.
On Sunday India won the toss and elected to bat. India Scored 184 for seven in 20 overs with captain Rohit Sharma scoring 56 off 31 deliveries. With opener KL Rahul being rested for this match, Ishan Kishan opened with Rohit. Kishan scored 29 off 21 deliveries to set up a good base for the rest to build on.
Shreyas Iyer and Venkatesh Iyer scored 25 off 20 deliveries and 20 off 15 deliveries, respectively.
New Zealand ’s Mitchell Santner took three wickets for 27runs, but failed to stop the Indians from piling up the runs. Ish Sodhi took one wicket for 31runs.
Into the chase, the T20I World Cup runner-up were bowled out for 111, their innings completing in 17.2 overs. Martin Guptil was again the better batsman of the side, with 51 from 36 deliveries and Tim Seifert scored 17 from 18 balls.
The prime reason for this collapse was Axar Patel, who picked up 3 wickets for just 9 runs. Aiding him was Harshal Patel, who took two wickets for 26.
Axar was declared Player of the Match. Rohit Sharma was declared Player of the Series.
In Jaipur, a refurbished India team had wiped off the T20 World Cup shame with a 5-wicket win. The duo of India’s new T20 captain Rohit Sharma and new coach Rahul Dravid made sure of the second match as well, with a 7-wicket win in Ranchi.Signs of Nursing Home Abuse and Neglect.
Nursing Home Case Involving Misplacement of Feeding Tube Into Resident’s Lung Resulting in Infection and Death
$1,425,000
Nursing Home Case Where Facility Allowed Resident to Bleed to Death Following Dental Extractions
$800,000
Nursing Home Case Involving a Resident Who Fell From Her Walker Resulting in Subdural Hematoma
$740,000
Nursing Home Case Involving Fall with Brain Injury and Death
$595,000.00
Arbitration Award in Nursing Home Case Involving Resident Elopement and Fall Resulting in Fractured Leg
$551,381
Nursing Home Case Involving Misplacement of a Feeding Tube Into Resident’s Abdominal Cavity Resulting in Infection and Death
$520,000
Recovered in Nursing Home Case Involving a Fall Resulting in Neck Fracture
$485,000
Arbitration Award in Nursing Home Case Involving Pressure Sore
$433,760
Nursing Home Case Involving a Fall Resulting in Hip Fracture
$400,000
Nursing Home Case Involving Pressure Sores and Wound Infection
$375,000. There.
Call our nursing home abuse lawyers in Jackson today at (601) 228-6722 or contact us onlineto schedule your free consultation.EsotiQ
ESOTIQ is a lingerie brand for energetic women with tremendous sex appeal. Our mission is to shape female body with exquisite lingerie so that whenever you wear it, you feel like a million dollars. This is possible thanks to our long experience in designing bras, which we make of premium materials and in accordance with the art of bra fitting – professional selection of lingerie.
ESOTIQ offers both sexy chic lingerie and more classic models for your daily comfort. The refined ESOTIQ designs are developed by an experienced team supported by inspiring guests, such as top model Joanna Krupa.mkchromecast (0.3.9~git20200902+db2964a-2) [PTS] [DDPO]OK: VCS matches the version in the archive
- Git:
- Branch: debian/unstable
- Path: debian/changelog
- Browser:
- Last scan: 2021-11-25 17:02:21+00
- Next scan: 2021-12-01 20:25:00+00
- Debian changelog in Git:
mkchromecast (0.3.9~git20200902+db2964a-2) unstable; urgency=medium * Also drop .gitignore files not present in the tarball. * Work around a weird issue with mkchromecast.getch not being installed. -- Andrej Shadura <andrewsh@debian.org> Fri, 16 Oct 2020 08:47:59 +0200
- This branch is even with tag archive/debian/0.3.9_git20200902+db2964a-2How to purchase
In the past, I have included a shopping cart to make purchasing my art simple. Well, I’m here to tell you that nothing is simple about having a shopping cart if you have multiple choices for each image and want to include shipping and tax, etc.!
So, I’m going to try a different way this time. Contact me! We’ll discuss what you want, price, shipping , etc.. I’ll provide you with a way to pay me once we agree on your purchase.
As always, your feedback is welcome.
PaulMay 10
Long day, super tired, but a quick update on writing and on the site.
Writing: Breathe, Day 5, still trudging along. I thought I had finished this next scene but I still don’t quite like it. I think I will try it from yet a differnt point of view and see if that feels better. I knew Day 5 would be the hardest of them all, but I’m feeling confident about it.
Site: I’ve been working on restoring Amy’s Serendipity pages. I have the main page, her cast page, her birthdays & celebrations page, her about me, and the first of three universe pages done, plus a couple of stories in that universe. Hoping I can put her stuff back online sooner rather than later.
I’m “dog tired” (see my earlier post), so that’s probably it for me tonight. I might try actually working on that scene tonight if my eyelids don’t keep drooping.
Good night, all! Peace and love!The provide opportunities to expand one’s understanding, thinking and approach to risk, with the upside of a potentially better outcome.
Why Buildings Fall Down
This book deals with the first Vitruvian principle: Firmness. Your buildings may work well and look
appealing, but if they don’t stand up, there’s not much point. Yet buildings continue to fall down, often unexpectedly and tragically. This book provides insights that will allow you to discuss these events more intelligently and to avoid such rare calamities in your own practice.
The Canadian Law of Architecture and Engineering, Third Edition
This one is an updated version of a classic, first published in 1987: a comprehensive rundown of the laws governing architectural practice. More than a reference book, it’s a guidebook that leads you through the hidden pitfalls of daily professional life, with an eye to helping you avoid them. Among recent issues discussed in this new edition are laws relating to copyright infringement, environmental protection, principles of contract law, and reasonable remuneration.
Managing Project Risk
Like the other two books, it strikes a balance between risks and rewards of architectural practice. In recent years, the complexities of project delivery systems, technology, and legal processes seem to present more risks than rewards, but a well-informed and careful approach to practice will easily tip the balance to the rewards side. Of particularly current importance is the often-overlooked matter of professional communications.
Download Issue #16 of The Straight Line:
Please wait while flipbook is loading. For more related info, FAQs and issues please refer to DearFlip WordPress Flipbook Plugin Help documentation.
In the early-morning hours of May 16, 1968, Ivy Hodge awoke in her flat on the eighteenth floor of Ronan Point Tower. …She put on her slippers and dressing gown and went to the kitchen. … She filled the kettle with water, placed it on the stove and, at exactly five forty-five, lit a match to light the burner. p 76
There are many, many reasons for buildings to fall down, and Ivy Hodge unwittingly discovered several of them.
Poor design, shoddy construction, negligent maintenance or repair, the gradual failure of small construction details, an innocent daily routine – some
or all of these things may contribute to a collapse – a chain of events that no one has foreseen, but seems to have been inevitable … in hindsight.
Rare are the cases in which one can clearly attribute a structural failure to a single undebatable cause. p. 67
Professional hindsight is really the subject of this classic book. Divided into chapters dealing with specific forms and failures, the authors carefully analyse one collapse
after another. What did the structure consist of? What ancient or unproven systems were employed? What was
overlooked, misunderstood, or misapplied?
What event or – almost always – what complex chain of events precipitated the calamity? What exactly happened at the moment of collapse? Most important: What can we learn?
Some building failures are especially informative because of the overwhelming number of contributing factors, including, but not limited to those mentioned above.
And then there are the human failures, chiefly, folly, incompetence, neglect, selfishness, and old-fashioned ignorance.
The authors’ broad experience in the field of forensic engineering provides one of the book’s major strengths. There is an abundance of technical detail and examination of the design, construction and demise of the structures. But the book’s lasting appeal lies in the authors’ gift of storytelling.
Take the memorable events of May 16, 1968 (Chapter 5). Ivy Hodge had hired a neighbour to do some repair work on the gas line to her stove. The work was done poorly, and gas began to leak slowly from a joint in the line. The reader can already see where this is going. When Ivy lit the match, there was a loud boom. But what happened next was not foreseen, by the reader, nor by the architects, engineers, builders and owners: A structural design flaw allowed a fairly mild explosion – not powerful enough to seriously injure Ivy – to blow out a support wall in her kitchen, causing several floors to cascade, and resulting in the death of four people.
Nor could they have known that after subsequent exhaustive enquiries, this faulty structural system, pervasive throughout postwar Britain, would result in hundreds of similarly constructed buildings being demolished. Just as any building failure may result from human error and/or activity, the authors continually remind us that the consequences of the failure have an even greater human dimension. In a majority of cases, we are offered dramatic eyewitnesses accounts of each catastrophe.
A particularly horrific example is the 1981 Hyatt Regency disaster in Kansas City, Mo. (Chapter 15) – at the time of writing, the worst structural disaster in US history. The authors describe the events of the evening of Friday July 17, 1981, as patrons crowded the atrium bar while others gathered on suspended walkways.
As the two walkways began to fall, the observers were seen holding on to railings with terrified expressions on their faces. … There was a large roar as the concrete decks …crashed down, in a billowing cloud of dust. … People were screaming. pp. 223–4
As for human impact, there were “114 dead and over 200 injured, many maimed for life.” The structural engineer was stripped of his licence.
The hallmark of a classic book is its ability to stay relevant, even years after publication. When Why Buildings Fall Down was first published, almost 30 years ago, computer modelling was in its infancy and sophisticated analysis still depended on a pencil, paper and a slide rule. It was also well before the 2001 World Trade Center disaster and the more recent Champlain Towers collapse in Surfside Florida. And yet, the examples cited in this book provide a wealth of insight into the possible causes of both disasters.
An engineering degree is not required to read this book, but there is a lot of arcane discussion that may call for a degree of interest in structural engineering. Some readers have complained that there is too much technical detail. And at times, the authors tell an “interesting story” that is probably interesting only to structure buffs. But, help is at hand: Appendices A–D provide an excellent crash course in structural design.
Even better, find a copy of Salvadori’s earlier book: Why Buildings Stand Up (1). What does this book teach us about our profession, our humanity and the world
in general? To start with, philosophically speaking, the lines dividing art and science, engineering and architecture,
structures and people are extremely fuzzy, since they contribute to a continuous process. But when it comes to the
practicalities of structural stability – not to mention professional responsibility – distinctions become critical.
Even more important is an understanding of how human behaviour becomes an unknown variable in every equation. There is more than enough technical detail to provide the facts of every case, but it’s the human narratives that lead to
the greatest understanding.
In the field of structure, as in any other field of human endeavor, technological improvements alone cannot guarantee a decrease of failures and may even increase it. Only a deeper consciousness of our human and social responsibilities can lead to the construction of safer buildings. p. 265
(1)
Note
1. To Salvadori, this book is a response to the popularity of the earlier book, published in 1980. This seems to echo the old saying “What goes up must come down,” which is true even of buildings, sooner or later, despite our best efforts.
Laws and Rules
Professionalism
Architecture is many things: a profession, an art, a science, a business, a tradition, a commodity, a course of study, and so much else.
But usually excluded from this list, and from the heed of many architects, is the fact that architecture is also a set of laws.
Yet there are so many laws and rules governing architecture, from municipal bylaws to aesthetic principles, that it’s easier and wiser to leave common law, tort law, statute law and contract law to the specialists. Except that, if you’re an architectural “professional,” you’re required to be aware of all the laws and rules – including those that we share with the rest of the world.
The Canadian Law of Architecture
and Engineering, Third Edition (herein-after CLAE3), might best be thought of as a guidebook – an update, a consolidation and an explanation of a legal tradition that is centuries old.
Like any good guidebook, it provides some background and points you in the right direction. It defines and describes the points of interest and tells you what to watch out for – the rest is up to you.
This report is intended as a guide – really, a guide to a guide. Nothing that follows should be considered as advice, or as a substitute for the more accurate information contained in the book, or available from your lawyer, insurer, or professional association.
The word “professional” is repeated throughout the book. This is understandable, since in any profession, the
protection of the public is paramount. In fact, according to Statute Law, “The principal object of the Architects
Act, R.S.O. 1990, c. A.26 is to serve and protect the public interest.”
We may be tempted to suppose that our dedication to the general public is just a formality – a mass of humanity whose general well-being is in our hands. To a
large degree, this is true: our obligation is not just to our clients but to everyone affected by what we do. More specifically, there is a responsibility that the legal and architectural professions both share: the buildings that we create and the laws that govern them affect the lives of individual people – professionals, clients, consultants, owners, tenants and innocent bystanders.
Throughout this book you will find many examples of
how people’s lives are affected by the laws governing the profession. The law, like architecture, doesn’t govern inanimate forms and spaces; it governs the behaviour
of people.
The significant characteristic of the professions is that they depend on confidence of two kinds for their effective pursuit – the personal confidence of the client in the technical competence of the architect or engineer and the confidence of the public at large in the integrity and ethical conduct of the profession as a whole. p. 41
Content & Form
CLAE3 is eminently readable, but don’t expect it to engage you like David Croft’s Claims Stories. This book is about people problems, but the human drama is mostly left for the reader to infer – and perhaps relate to his or her own situation. To illustrate important points, there are facts and precedents, with many descriptions of actual court cases (Table of Cases at the front of the book cites more than 1300).
Some of these you may recognize from Pro-Demnity publications, but here gritty details are excluded, while names a and places are featured. Don’t be discouraged by the footnotes. There are lots of them. In some instances, they are simply a dense list of relevant cases, of interest, mostly, to lawyers. But hidden among these notes, you will find gems – strange legal anomalies, surprising verdicts and valuable pointers. To make things easier, the book is organized into chapters that deal with the aspects of professional practice to which laws might be expected to apply – PART I,
Legal Principles (NB Chapters 10 and 11, dealing with liability and insurance); PART II, Contracts. If you’re in the habit of judging a book by its cover, suspend your judgment this time. CLAE3’s stodgy law-book outward appearance is an effective camouflage for the highly readable, well-structured contents.
Usefulness
There are three ways to put this book to work. The most obvious one is as an office resource and referral guide, to help you find solutions to problems of current or imminent concern. This use is facilitated by the chapter organization and the extensive index. But the book can’t possibly answer every question because, first, no two cases are the same; second, CLAE3 covers the whole country, with two different law codes; and third, the answer you want may be distributed over several chapters.
A second method is to read the book from beginning to end (probably not in one sitting). However, and possibly more
enjoyable, is the third method: Wander through the text, stopping at things that interest you (don’t neglect the footnotes).
CLAE3 may capture your attention in unexpected ways. Whatever your approach, reading this book in its entirety, and even memorizing every page, won’t make you a legal expert, even though it is the authoritative voice on the subject – to begin with, there are the case references and footnotes that you will want to ponder and dig into. However, having a familiarity with CLAE3 will definitely make you a better-informed professional, and much wiser when it comes to discussing a potential problem with your client, the OAA, Pro-Demnity or your lawyer.
Architecture, as we know, is a risky business. But by managing risk we can strike a happy balance between creative expression and sound business practice. The authors of this book dedicate their efforts to describing how this equilibrium may be achieved. As they suggest in the Introduction:
We admonish you to wisely balance your risks with your rewards, cherish that shingle on the front while having fun and finding fulfillment along the way. p. xi
Based on a series of articles that have appeared in AIA Architect over the years, Managing Project Risk combines the experience of two wise, witty and seasoned American architects whose observations and recommendations apply to situations that architects anywhere may encounter. Some information applies specifically to American architects. There are many references to AIA documents, but most of these have OAA and RAIC equivalents. There are a few risk-free reasons to read this book. First, it contains valuable lessons about architectural practice that you probably didn’t learn in school.
Second, it answers most of the questions you may have about risk management, even if the subject is new to you.
Third, it is an entertaining read and is easy to understand and absorb. Finally, if you are a consumer of Pro-Demnity publications, seminars, or claims services, this book will provide a refresher course – a sort of déjà vu in hardcover.
Writing about risk and reward, carries its own risks and rewards. As Douglas Gordon and Stephanie Stubbs point out in their Foreword, there is a reward in simplifying complicated and jargon-infested legal and insurance writing: It makes professional life more pleasant. But there is also the risk that oversimplification may lead to inaccuracy. The goal that Atkins and Simpson have accomplished is to simplify cautiously and explain lavishly. To aid in comprehension, the book is divided into chapters that reflect general areas of risk, including such things as the fundamentals of risk, dealing with
clients, an architect’s authority and an introspective look at what architects should be trying to do and why they should bother trying to do it.
Apart from chapters 4 and 5 (thorny issues), this book is not really a reference volume. By all means, if you’re wondering about how you should deal with site visits or drawing changes, consult these chapters immediately. But you’ll be missing some of the important and enlightening context contained in the rest of the book.
The book’s major themes can be summarized under two major headings: communications and fallibility. We are constantly advised to communicate our intentions and our actions as clearly as possible. When our clients, consultants, constructors and others don’t understand our services, a disconnect may arise. No matter how well we perform, if our work doesn’t satisfy expectations – even unrealistic expectations – there will be a lawsuit, involving costs that are increasing daily. There are no statistics to tell us how many exorbitant claims have been settled or avoided by effective communications, but there are few professional writers or speakers who don’t mention the importance of communications and management of expectations in preventing lawsuits and protecting future opportunities.
Communication failure has led to a more imminent danger. The general lack of understanding of what we do and why we do it has resulted in a gradual erosion of the stature and impact of our profession. In particular, as long as we are perceived as the person-in-charge-of-everything, in the “master-builder” role, we can expect to shoulder the blame for anything that goes wrong. Developments within the past 70 years in North America have made this position increasingly untenable and dangerous, since blame carries liability.
We are continually frustrated at the lack of understanding of architects by the general public. We are convinced that our risks would be less if everyone better understood what an architect is and does. The operative word for this piece is ‘communicate,’ since who people think we are is greatly determined by who we lead them to believe we are. p. 211.
The second theme directly related to the first, is that architects are human and humans make mistakes. No reputable contract document promises architectural perfection. Our professional charters require only reasonable competence. And yet, if it serves their agenda, owners are often inclined to expect compensation for anything that is less than perfect. There is a wide, litigation-filled gulf between reasonable competence and unreasonable perfection.
The Canadian Handbook of Practice (CHOP) devotes a good deal of text to Risk Management and architects are encouraged to read those sections. There are, in addition, many online sources of useful information, and it goes without saying that the wisdom of Pro-Demnity’s Risk Services is only a phone call or email away. But if you’re interested in being proactive, Managing Project Risk is a great place to start.
*Non-Affiliation Statement: We declare no affiliation, sponsorship, nor any partnerships with any of the publishers, authors or advertisers/promoters of the books independently reviewed by Pro-Demnity. Pro-Demnity has received no compensation or consideration for the reviews provided herein.
Our Contributor
Gordon Grice B.Arch, OAA, FRAIC is a freelance communications strategist, writer, editor and illustrator. In addition to editing The Straight Line, he is also editor-in-chief of The Right Angle Journal, and the former editor of OAA Perspectives. He has edited several dozen books; the most recent, Architecture in Perspective 36, will be available from the American Society of Architectural
Illustrators this fall.
Gord can be reached at:
Gordon Grice + Associates
Tel: (416) 536-9191 | gordonsgrice@gmail.com
The Straight Line is a newsletter for architects and others interested in the profession. It is published by Pro-Demnity Insurance Company to provide a forum for discussion of a broad range of issues affecting architects and their professional liability insurance.JCC Writers
November 24, 2020
JCC Writers
Image Credit: ©Storyblocks
BTT – Beauty Routines Should Be Based On Simple Things
You have passed the beauty counter at departments stores countless times, no doubt. At these counters, you can generally have your makeup done by request. This article is going to give you smart tips for getting the most of your experience at the beauty counter and beyond.
Best Face.
Glossy lips look fuller. To create maximize the glossy effect, start by using a concealer brush with a small amount of bronzer that is slightly darker than your natural skin tone, and outline your lips. Then, use a gold, peach or coral lip gloss..
Quick Hacks.
Nature’s Beauty Kit anti-oxidants as any other berry..
Put some eggs on your face for beauty. There are numerous benefits gained from eating eggs. They can also improve the health of your skin from the outside. Crack a couple eggs in a bowl and smear that on your face. Let it set for no more than 20 minutes, then wash your face. This will help reduce oily skin..
Do you want to look your best? This is a great way to find out more about makeup application. Use these tips to make the most out of your beauty routine. You will be looking great when you leave.
*Information in the blog is provided for entertainment purposes only. Consult a medical professional before attempting any tips shown here.*Information in the blog is provided for entertainment purposes only. Consult a medical professional before attempting any tips shown here.The founder of Amazon, Jeff Bezos, has donated $100 million to the Obama Foundation in honor of the civil rights icon, Rep. John Lewis, the foundation announced on Monday.
According to USA Today, the donation is the biggest individual contribution to date and the business mogul has requested as part of the donation that the Plaza at the Obama Presidential Center be named after Lewis.
“Freedom fighters deserve a special place in the pantheon of heroes, and I can’t think of a more fitting person to honor with this gift than John Lewis, a great American leader and a man of extraordinary decency and courage,” said Bezos in a statement on Monday.
“I’m thrilled to support President and Mrs. Obama and their Foundation in its mission to train and inspire tomorrow’s leaders.”
President of the Obama Foundation and a former senior advisor to President Obama, Valerie Jarrett, hailed the donation.
“We believe that there is incredible power in lifting up the names of extraordinary change agents upon whose shoulders we all stand, and we are thrilled by Mr. Bezos’ offer to name our magnificent Plaza in honor of John Lewis,” she noted in a statement.
She added that Bezos’ gift will enable the Obama Foundation to help train new generations of leaders through programs including the Girls Opportunity Alliance, My Brother’s Keeper, and our Global Leaders Program.
Lewis, who is celebrated by many in America due to his frontline involvement in the civil rights struggle of the 1960s, passed away at the age of 80 in July 2020 after a battle with pancreatic cancer.
In a tribute, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) said Lewis “left a permanent impression on our nation and world.”
Former President Barack Obama also condoled with Lewis’ family, adding that “Not many of us get to live to see our own legacy play out in such a meaningful, remarkable way. John Lewis did.”” civil rights activists. Members of the “Big Six” were Martin Luther King Jr, James Farmer, Whitney Young, Roy Wilkins, Asa Philip Randolph, and Lewis.
Lewis, who became a best-selling author, was in 2011 awarded the nation’s highest civilian award, the Presidential Medal of Freedom, by Obama.Michael Che Explains Why Colin Jost And Scarlett Johansson Shouldn’t Ask Him To Babysit
Although he provides off whole Kristy vibes, Michael Che has no real interest in being a part of any Babysitters Club.
And that angle extends to Colin Jost and Scarlett Johansson’s son, Cosmo, whom the couple welcomed in September.
“It’s an adorable baby,” the 38-year-old “Saturday Night Live” star informed Jimmy Fallon on Monday evening.
But apparently Che finds infants to be fairly boring, explaining to Fallon that he thinks they’re “fun for like a second.”
“You know, they don’t do much after you’ve looked at them and they’re just staring at you trying to keep their head on straight,” Che stated. “It’s like, ‘Get this wiggly thing away from me.’”
Advertisement
It appears the comic, who describes himself as a “great babysitter,” has a very lengthy historical past of watching relations’ youngsters and is just about over spit-up, and diapers and dressing babies up as tiny outdated folks or a foot-long hoagie (which, on this author’s opinion, is all the time enjoyable).
“I’ve been babysitting my whole life. I have nieces and nephews that are like three years younger than me. I’ve been babysitting them since they were babies. Since I was a baby, actually,” he joked.
As for his babysitting approach, Che reveals that he’s fairly fingers off and possibly has a superb pair of noise-canceling headphones:
“I just let you cry until you’re sleepy,” he stated.
Advertisement
AdvertisementMinster FM News
World Matchplay: PDC chief executive reveals walk-ons and crowd noise behind closed doors
SHARE THIS STORY:
Published at 10:29am 17th July 2020. (Updated at 7:05am 18th July 2020)
"The fans, in any sporting environment, they make the event and make the atmosphere."
PDC chief executive Matt Porter is sitting in his hotel room, awaiting the results of his coronavirus test, along with the rest of the players and officials who will be on site in Milton Keynes for darts' second biggest tournament of the year.
But there will be one aspect of the sport that will be missing.
"Any sporting event is poorer without fans, we've seen that in football and cricket as well," Porter said.
"It's a shame and it's a shame for the people at home who look forward to going to Blackpool or wherever it may be.
"Hopefully, all it does is whet their appetite a bit more for 2021, when fingers crossed we can be delivering what we normally would do."
There's a very different look to it this year, as sport adjusts to being played behind closed doors - but as we've seen technology can work wonders and the PDC and Sky Sports are teaming up to ensure the viewing experience - and, most importantly, the players' experience - doesn't suffer.
Nigel Pearson will step in after Sunday's news that Dave Clark will be standing down as Sky Sports Darts presenter, and Pearson will be joined in Milton Keynes by John Part, Devon Peterson, Laura Turner and Mark Webster for expert analysis.
Walk-ons, crowd noise and a video wall are all part of the experience over the next nine days - it's worked for football, rugby and cricket and Porter is confident darts will see the same positives.
"We're looking at fake crowd noise to create some sort of atmosphere, I think that the players will respond to that better than they would do to a silent hall.
"We will have that playing in the background and it will be a little bit a trial and error at the start. There's been plenty of testing and we've been working closely with Sky, the players have been sending videos of themselves dancing around to 180s at home.
"There will be walk-ons, the players may feel a little awkward with that but there will be some videos to help them along their way. We're not going to ask them to walk too far, though!"
The PDC have installed a projector screen into the arena, where fans are being urged to send in their celebration videos, while much like Premier League stadiums banners are in place and at the Masrhall Arena they will depict the former winners of the tournament.
There's an argument that darts has led the way when it comes to sport in lockdown. The innovative Home Tour lasted more than a month, kept more than 100.
"It's shown what the PDC is an innovative, forward-thinking organisation that can act nimbly and effectively and adapt to different scenarios.
"We've got the benefit of our infrastructure within the Matchroom group and we've got some creative people. We've been able to come up with concepts like the Home Tour and the Summer Series to keep darts alive at this difficult time, I think that both of them worked and did what they were supposed to do."
Download the Darts Show Podcast on: Spotify | Apple | Castbox | Spreaker.
All the action took place in Milton Keynes, which is fast becoming the home of darts, and Matchplay Sport after the successful hosting of two snooker tournaments at the venue before the Summer Series and the Matchplay.
On Wednesday it was announced that the resumption of the Premier League will take place over nine nights at the Marshall Arena, but what is it that makes it ideal?
"It works very well for us here, with the onsite hotel and arena, it's a self-contained venue, that definitely helps.
"It's a central location, close to the motorway and airports so pretty much everyone can get in relatively easily. It's a venue that we've got an excellent relationship with, that understands our needs and can service those.
"You need to be somewhere that's operationally effective and the Marshall Arena is certainly setting a blueprint for behind closed doors, indoor sports."
As for the tournament itself, the very best the game has to offer will be in attendance.'.
"Their approach has been professional, they've been understanding, appreciative, they've acknowledged that things are not as they were before and they've embraced the new situation.
"I think that they're grateful to have the opportunity to be playing competitively and earning prize money again. I can't fault any of them at all, they've been spot on.
"At the Summer Series we had 128 players in one room, I don't think that there are many other sports that have done that, and we didn't have one issue. Hats off to the players, they've been a credit to darts."
Finally, what of the next nine days, and a very different look to an event that is a big part of the sporting summer. There may not be the atmosphere of Blackpool's Winter Gardens, but it's a big tournament, with big prizes at stake for players returning to their day jobs.
"I went down and the stage and the set looked great it looks like a big event. It's just a shame that there won't be people there to watch it. Ultimately, it's still £700,000 worth of prize money and £150,000 to the winner.
"There will be 32 players who, I'm not going to say that they won't care that there's not a crowd, but they won't let that get in their way of wanting to lift that coveted trophy.
"I'm expecting big averages and exciting matches, as per usual. It might take a couple of them a little bit more time to adapt to the circumstances than they would do if they were in Blackpool, but then again that's a pretty unique atmosphere as well."
Darts returns to Sky Sports in July, with nine days of coverage from the World Matchplay getting underway on Saturday, July 18, and every day until the final on Sunday, July 26.
SHARE THIS STORY:‘Frozen II’ melted my heart of ice
December 13, 2019
With gorgeous animations, catchy songs and a chance to revisit fans’ beloved Frozen characters, Disney’s “Frozen II” hit theaters Nov. 22, almost six years after the first film was released.
[SPOILER ALERT: read at your own discretion]
While adapting to being queen of Arendelle, Elsa hears a siren calling to her. Around the same time, mysterious elemental spirits begin to attack Arendelle. Overcome by her curiosity and wanting to put an end to the attacks, Elsa pursues the voice, bringing Anna, Olaf, Kristoff and Sven along with her.
On the journey, the fivesome uncovers the truth of what happened to the Enchanted Forest all those years ago and find out just how Elsa’s powers came to be.
Meanwhile, Anna and Kristoff are finding the rhythm in their new relationship. Throughout the movie, Kristoff attempts to propose to Anna; however, during the first half of the movie, Anna is busy running after Elsa to mind Kristoff’s fruitless attempts, creating an amusing running gag throughout the movie.
Whilst facing danger, Kristoff doesn’t try to protect Anna, but instead asks her, “I’m here. What do you need?” modeling positive masculinity for young boys watching. Kristoff is the first Disney prince whose storyline is entirely romantically centered versus princesses normally having this storyline.
Concurrently, Olaf is exploring life and all the wonders — or horrors — it can hold. Olaf’s maturing reflects the aging of the audience and brings the movie to more mature levels. Olaf’s line “and you all look a little bit older” reminded me that I was six years older since the last movie and caused me to reflect on how much I have changed.
“Frozen II” also includes a dark scene, when Elsa falls into a void and is frozen, and her creations, including Olaf, fade to dust, as if Thanos had snapped them out of existence. As Olaf disintegrated, I am not ashamed to report that I cried. (The last movie I cried while watching was “Up.”)
At this point, Anna is in a very dark place, as everything she lived for is gone, but she remembers her personal mantra and sings, “You are lost, hope is gone, but you must go on and do the next right thing.” Anna literally has to pick herself up from the ground and keep going on, which is a huge contrast from Anna’s eternally optimistic persona from the original movie and the first half of “Frozen II.”
What made the movie a let down was the bewildering plot. At one point, I was 100 percent convinced that each character would gain one of the element’s powers. Additionally, after watching the movie, I still have no idea who the fifth spirit was. Was it Elsa, was it her mother or was it the cavern she fell into?
The movie also did not have a strong villain, with the closest being the sisters’ dead grandfather who apparently murdered unarmed natives to Arrendale.
Attempting to make the movie more mature, “Frozen II” includes larger themes such as environmentalism and colonialism. These are meant to give the movie some extra depth, but the way it is implemented makes the movie seem more shallow, as the themes are never deeply explored.
“Frozen II” spoilers without context. You’ll have to check it for yourself!
Personally, my favorite part of the movie was the inclusion of the four spirits: Gale, a mischievous, invisible spirit that controls air; Bruni, the most adorable lizard who controls fire; Nokk, a horse whose body is made of water able to run in and on bodies of water; and giants made of rock who sleep for most of the movie. Major Avatar vibes.
Overall, “Frozen II” was a satisfying sequel to the first movie, and in terms of animation and characters, I liked it more than the original. What was not as pleasant was the murky plot and weak attempts to add depth to the movie.
If you decide to watch the “Frozen II,” make sure to stick around for the Marvel-esque end-credits scene!War Room: Pandemic EP 122
Steve Bannon, Jack Maxey, Jason Miller, and Raheem Kassam discuss the latest on the coronavirus pandemic as China continues to run disinformation and propaganda in the wake of the global outbreak of coronavirus. Calling in is Steven Mosher to discuss how China throws its weight around the world.
TagsAmerica's Voice NewsSteve Bannonsteve bannon 2020steve bannon war room pandemicsteve bannon war room pandemic 2020steve bannon war room pandemic 4-16-20episode 122
Previous video
4/15/20: Members of the Coronavirus Task Force Hold a Press BriefingNext videoWar Room: Pandemic EP 123
>This book took me to new heights of reading pleasure. It is a wonderful uplifting read and I felt rejuvenated afterwards. Before I read this book I was in a bit of reading rut and I was longing for a book to rush to my aid.
This is a book written by a booklover. It was clearly written for booklovers and guess what? It is a story about a BOOKLOVER! *Screech*
It ALSO has a DELICIOUS romance in it which unfolds in a bookshop. Damn it – I want to now rewind twenty years or so and meet my beloved in a book shop (as opposed to a dodgy nightclub in Wolverhampton).
The first chapter of this book drew me in. Sara, main character, a booklover, leaves Sweden, and goes to stay with her American pen friend, Amy, also a booklover, and when Sara arrives in the forgotten town of Broken Wheel she discovers some shocking news.
Before I give too much away, here’s the blurb
Here’s my review:
The book captures the craziness of a Swedish stranger in a small forgotten town in America beautifully.
Sara, the main character, shares my obsession with books.
“For as long as she could remember, she had thought that autumn air went well with books, that the two both somehow belonged with blankets, comfortable armchairs, and big cups of coffee or tea.”
Agree, Sara!
“Can you smell it? The scent of new books. Unread adventures. Friends you haven’t met yet, hours of magical escapism awaiting you.”
Yes I can, Sara!
If more bookshop owners had taken the responsibility to hang warning signs, her life would have been much easier. Cigarette packets came with warnings, so why not tragic books? There was wording on bottles of beer warning against drinking and driving, but not a single word about the consequences of reading books without tissues to hand.”
High five to this idea!
.”
I loved everything about Sara, even how she and Amy exchanged letters whilst living in Sweden and America, and in spite of their difference in age and location (Amy is an old lady, Sara a woman in her 20s) they bonded over books.
The town of Broken Wheel needed healing. I loved this setting for the book.
There are strong themes of community and belonging running throughout the book. Prior to arriving in Broken Wheel Sara felt like she only ever belonged between the pages of a book.
Sara’s idea for a bookstore is inspired and the way it was described in the book made me want to hot foot it down B&Q, buy in a shed load of yellow paint and then go buy some old vintage sofas. Wouldn’t we all like to go to a sunshine yellow bookshop, full of every sort of book and two comfy old armchairs to sit in and read all day?
There’s a lot of references of good books throughout the story and this adds to one’s reading enjoyment.
This book is a great read and it is on my list of top reads for 2019. I want to buy copies for the booklovers in my life, press into their hands and tell them to go and enjoy.
Thank you to Katarina Bivald who reignited my love of books.
Have a great day reading fans!
This sounds like an amazing book!
This sounds wonderful. Buying it now.
👍🏻 thx Sandy 😍
This book has been on my TBR for absolutely ages but your review has made me want to read it right now! I’m definitely going to move it to the to of the stack. Lovely review 🙂
Thank you and I hope you enjoy it too 😍There?
Category: Miscellaneous
Those who prey
Most people, I suspect, find it difficult to think dispassionately about such issues. The acts involved are so unspeakably offensive as to automatically provoke revulsion in anyone with a modicum of human decency. This makes it all but impossible to discuss the kind of predatory behaviour so graphically and disturbingly described by Andrew Tickell without … Continue reading Those who prey
Social media and real life
Few
A little difficulty
I … Continue reading A little difficulty
Any port in a storm?
I want Scotland's independence restored as a matter of justice. I need no party's vision of Scotland as an independent nation again to know that restoring our nation's independence is the right thing to do. It is doing the right thing.
Sturgeon’s last chance
Sturgeon hopes that her statement will be seen as a commitment to urgent action. She provides the notion that those blinkered by their idealised perceptions of Sturgeon can take and inflate into a binding promise. But to the vanishingly little extent that it is a promise at all, it is one that she can easily wriggle out of. We have to wonder why, if the situation is as perilous as she describes, she is so reluctant to give a real promise while at such pains to be perceived as doing so.
A tale of two cults
As people flock to Alba Party almost entirely on the basis of the party being led by Salmond, there is little sign that any questions are being asked about what the party stands for or where its leader intends to take it or what it proposes to do supposing any Alba Party candidates win seats in the Scottish Parliament.
Where is the spirit?
Some of the remarks reportedly made by Alex Salmond during a press briefing yesterday provoked spasms of twitching in my political antennae.
Thanks and sorry
Time … Continue reading Thanks and sorry
A seasonal wish
To all of my friends, In real life and here, A seasonal wish, That is quite sincere. It's the day before Christmas, And my heartfelt wish, Is that your Christmas day, Isn't totally pish.Local Locksmith Services
A professional locksmith is really a specialist who tends to make, fixes, and produces a lock for locks and various objects. Locksmithing was once the site of competent builders and it was only used by the wealthy. However nowadays locksmith is available everywhere you go, from little non-urban shops to massive urban center locking mechanism industrial sectors. And you will find numerous tresses and major styles to pick from.
Locksmiths are located to all parts on the planet, whilst north america contains the most locksmiths per capita than every other place on the earth, locksmithing may be a favorite deal mainly because it is a lot much more rewarding than back in the day. Some nations around the world, for example India and Pakistan, have comparatively number of locksmith, and will not employ a company that is certainly open to people. In these cases, it really is extremely likely than a new property user will need a local lock tech. You will discover excellent locksmith and there are terrible locksmith.
A locksmith’s go shopping is often build around the driveway of your home or office that requires a lock, like with other things. Each time a purchaser comes to the doorway, the lock tech will determine if your secure is functioning properly, therefore, he’ll sometimes put in a new lock or swap just one that has become broken. A lock tech may even measure the current alarm systems constantly in place. New and also-conclusion security systems are more likely to be noticed by way of a lock tech, which is good for the home owner as he may get new security tresses set up without paying a top value, in most scenarios. If the recent tresses are vulnerable and have to be a strong, next locksmith is likely to recommend replacing or repair. This should just be a last vacation resort.
Many individuals engage a lock tech to assist them to wide open their safe and sound, on the other hand. A learn locksmith professional is unable to open the harmless because of challenges inside secure substance or maybe the secure apparatus themselves, though a player professional locksmith learns how to conquer any secure. However, the professional will need to be called. The professional has got the familiarity with working with tresses and safes, and she or he should be able to circumvent the trouble and help the home owner open his / her safe yet again. Sometimes, a master lock tech can even be were required to punch into your wall structure of your risk-free to get rid of one of the keys that had been inside the safe.
Most householders elect to work with a professional locksmith for a variety of issues, including obtaining the entrance to some car or truck revealed to you when it is locked or starting your house after a break in. A locksmith is a superb selection for these sorts of crisis situations mainly because he or she learns how to work with various kinds of security alarms. The pharmacist has expertise handlingcar and home, and organization security alarms. Any local locksmith understands how to use the many security alarms out there, and he or she will be aware how to operate the most appropriate burglar alarm system for every career.
Homeowners may simply call locksmith to assist with secure installments. Many homeowners choose to maintain their residences collateralized with deadbolts or another tresses which might be opened up having a common important. However, they should not utilize fasten setups simply because fearfulness it could be too difficult or carry too much time. Local locksmith are proficient in how very simple it truly is to fit the latest fastener. They often have associations with installers that will get the job done quickly.
There are occassions when home owners have to have the help of a forensic locksmith in addition. This kind of locksmith harmonizes with crime field detectives to uncover deadbolt locks, duplicate tips, and get necklaces or income at a secure. A forensic lock tech could possibly be contacted to ascertain if a few secrets had been thieved or maybe a enter basically taken place. A lock tech focusing on ‘forensics’ may also digest digital locks to search for the accounts.
Locksmith solutions that are offered by a few companies need to be looked at carefully. If you lock tech will a bad occupation, it might get a new service that you enter from a further lock tech. If your entrance doors have already been ruined, they may not be have the ability to assist you to in case you have a broken crucial or damaged padlocks. Before getting a professional locksmith to give lock tech expert services for your house, you should definitely check reviews online. Lots of people will suggest a unique professional locksmith after looking at just how a career they have accomplished for another person.
If you loved this article and you would such as to get more info concerning find out here now kindly go to our own internet site.
Connected posts pointed out by audience on the web page:
Please click the following pageTop 30+ best games like VA-11 Hall-A June 10, 2020 Adventure VA-11 Hall-A is an Adventure game .The game was released for Steam, Win, Mac, Linux, Vita platform. List 32 best games like VA-11 Hall-A : 1 ACE Academy 2 Always Remember Me 3 Brooktown High 4 Catherine 5 Deardrops 6 Elisa: Seduce the Innkeeper 7 Episode 8 Episode: Choose Your Story 9 Frisky Business 10 Frozen Essence 11 High School Story 12 In Your Arms Tonight 13 Is it Love? Matt: Dating Sim 14 Katawa Shoujo 15 Love and Order 16 Lucky Rabbit Reflex 17 Magical Diary 18 Negligee 19 Nicole 20 Pirates in Love 21 RE: Alistair 22 Sentou Gakuen Revival 23 Shark Dating Simulator XL 24 Spirited Heart 25 Supple 26 Supple: Episode 27 Surviving High School 28 Tailor Tales 29 The Flower Shop: Summer in Fairbrook 30 The Flower Shop: Winter in Fairbrook 31 Wild Romance: Mofu Mofu Edition 32 X-Note VA-11 Hall-A wiki : Publisher(s) Homepage publisher’s website Platform(s) Steam Win Mac Linux Vita Genre(s) Adventure Check list all games like in Adventure category MacSteamWinBlinds can be used in any room of the house - they are a great way to transform a room with better sun protection, blackout or just a splash of colour. It's definitely becoming more and more fashionable to fit blinds in Donnington Wood.. Everyone loves to get a compliment when you've put the effort in. We are here to improve your house - just add window blinds. It's pretty easy.
One of the great blind superpowers is the ability to quickly change the style and vibe of a room with colour. Don't forget that blinds can be seen on the outside too, so it's another way to change the exterior of your home. Rooms with a splash of orange can feel bright and bold. But it's not for everyone. Don't think your only options are limited by old fashioned styles or colours.
We like to think that we can help find Donnington Wood Donnington Wood click on one of the images above. If you don't see the type of product you need, then just click on the closest product image to find your way to the blinds that are exactly right for you. Donnington Wood families find our products so much easier than heavy curtains that are hard to clean. We know you have a lot of choice, so we thank you for stopping by. Don't forget. 2021 is the year to make that change you've been thinking about for so long.
Window blinds can transform any room. Just look around and you'll see the difference in the properties in Donnington Wood. We know the world is very competitive not just on quality, but price. Hopefully we can find a great deal for you (or a sale!). We know that money doesn't grow on trees and we work to keep the costs as tight as possible every day, week and month of the year so you should be very happy with both the product and the price!Some funny things are happening with the Jet Airways online engine for the past few days, and no one has been able to put a finger on why or what is going wrong. For about 3 weeks or more now, Jet Airways is showing up American Airline status tiers in their PNRs.
Look at this ticket I booked a short while ago. A short-hop domestic flight I will take soon, but when you look at the red-circle, you see, for the purpose of this ticket Jet Airways shows my status as (GLD/RBY), which in AA and oneworld parlance should be Gold tier (AAdvantage)/Ruby (oneworld). When I booked the ticket, it showed my correct tier with Jet Airways, and now this.
What is even more marvellous is that Jet Airways is getting it all wrong, or in reverse order. So, as per this thread on FlyerTalk, and my own experience checking in family members and friends a few days back, Blue and Blue Plus (lowest tiers in Jet Privilege) end up getting Emerald status and higher tiers get lowly status. Come on Jet, if you even picked the same software, you should at least pay up to get the customisations done, right?
What is going on here? Anybody in the know???
Live From A Lounge is also present on Facebook, Twitter and available via RSS.
I think it’s quite obvious. Jet has switched to SHARES 🙂
@Scott, whatever it is, somethng is wrong and not addressed yet!
turkish is a smart airline. they are offering the same status on thy as anyother star alliance or one world. I like turkish for its friendly service. i am hoping for their gold card in exchange for my BMI gold .I am jet platinum too but they havent joined any alliance yet so their card is not much elp outside india.Sport-Brella Reclining Camping Chair With Attached Umbrella
Date Published: 12/09/2018 6:39 PM (Updated: 03/24/2019 10:11 AM)
Regular camping chairs just don't cut it anymore in this world of amazing reclining camping chairs, and this one that reclines and has an attached umbrella to give you shade while you relax. If your camping chair doesn't have any awesome features besides a measly cup holder, you're doing something wrong.
Versions:
Reclining | Beach | Kids
This unique reclining camping chair made by Sport-Brella might be the best way to relax outdoors ever! It has three levels of recline-action depending on how relaxed you'd like to be, and there's even an adjustable foot-rest so you can kick your feet up.
If that's not enough, this reclining camping chair even has an umbrella that gets attached to the back of the seat-rest to give you optimal shade. The canopy adjusts to any position using a 3-way swivel, so as the sun moves, you can move the umbrella shade to compensate. The umbrella provides superior UPF 50+ protection from the sun's rays.
The Sport-Brella reclining camping chair features a cup-holder along with a built-in insulated pocket that can store up to 4 extra drinks, an integrated bottle opener, and an extra wide seat.
This unique folding camping chair is made from an ultra-strong yet lightweight steel construction, and uses push button adjustments to make collapsing and opening the chair and umbrella super easy.
The camping chair is able to support up to 250 lbs of weight, is ultra-comfortable, comes in a few different colors to choose from, and the umbrella attaches anywhere on the chair using the quick-release clips.
Check out the Sport-Brella reclining camping chair with an integrated umbrella in action via the video below.
 […]
How to Kayak with a Dog — A Complete Guide
For most of us, our pet dogs are a crucial part of our lives. We want to experience all the thrilling activities with our canines. Kayaking with dogs seems an intimidating offer but the journey is a bit perilous if you are inexperienced. It is quite limpid that if you are reading this article […]Cat Stevens
Mona Bone Jakon
Tea for the Tillerman
Teaser and the Firecat
A&M/Universal
Meticulously remastered and restored with original artwork, these three albums put Cat Stevens on the map in America. Born Steven Demetre Georgiou, Stevens had already experienced a degree of fame with some fluffy pop hits in Britain (most forgettably “I Love My Dog”) during the late 60’s. But after a bout with tuberculosis laid him up for over a year, Stevens tapped into a soul-searching period that resulted in this incredible hat trick of releases tumbling out in 1970 and 1971.
With his deep, smooth, honey-sandpaper voice and ideal production by Paul Samwell-Smith (guitarist/bassist for the Yardbirds, of all things), who was as much an architect of the immaculate sound and texture of these albums as was its star, Stevens rolled out the 32 tracks on these three discs in less than 24 months, and three decades later they sound just as emotionally trenchant, if a bit dated, as when they were originally released.
The first, 1970’s Mona Bone Jakon, is remarkably relaxed, self-assured and sophisticated with “Lady D’Arbanville,” a moderate hit single, setting the tone with subtle, often unusual percussion, lush orchestration and eclectic instrumentation (Peter Gabriel – just starting out in Genesis at the time – contributes flute), as well as truly bizarre nasal, humming backing vocals which oddly work perfectly with the sound. Fans of the cult flick Harold And Maude will recognize “Maybe You’re Right” and “Trouble,” which were prominently featured in the soundtrack. “I See the Light” is as powerful and intense a guitar-less soft rocker as you’ll hear, and the offbeat, nonsense lyrics to the short (1:26) title track show another side to Stevens whose wordless vocal wailing at the song’s end is chilling.
Stevens must have written a surplus of material while recuperating, because a second 1970 album, Tea for the Tillerman, rolled out another eleven tunes which not only built on the tension and detailed songwriting of the previous album, but upped the ante with timeless classics like “Where Do the Children Play?,” “Father and Son,” and his first full-fledged US hit, “Wild World.” These songs, and indeed the rest of the album, haven’t aged a day, as their effortless, flowing melodies and sympathetic arrangements remain subtly powerful and Stevens’ unique vocals add the perfect touch. Hidden gems like “On the Road to Find Out,” again featuring innovative backing vocals, cymbal-less, almost tribal drums, and even Stevens’ haunting organ abound, making this a virtually perfect album and an undisputed masterpiece of its era. Released in the same year as Mona Bone Jakon, it established Stevens as a major, even THE major British singer/songwriter of his time.
Recorded in 1971, Teaser and the Firecat, a song cycle of sorts for an animated children’s tale, added elements of Stevens’ roots in “Rubylove,” which featured a Bouzoukia-a stringed instrument common in traditional Greek music. Otherwise it was business as usual, with ten terrific songs. “Morning Has Broken,” “Moonshadow,” and of course, “Peace Train,” all interestingly stuffed at the end of the album, were the big hits, but they weren’t necessarily the best tunes. “Tuesday’s Dead,” with its Afro-Cuban percussion, and the rhythmic, spiritually oriented “Bitterblue” were just as good.
The sound on these albums was always first-class, even when they were first released on vinyl, but the sparkling, newly remastered editions make it seem like Stevens is in the same room with the listener. Warm, atmospheric, and immediate, the music has never sounded better. Those who missed it the first time have another chance to tap into some of the best – and oddly, least celebrated – folk-rock of the early 70’s. Each disc is a masterpiece in its own right. Even though the hits can be found on the recently issued Very Best of Cat Stevens, nothing can capture the magic of hearing these enduring songs in their original context.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked with *The following checklist organizes new manager onboarding, whether they’re new hires or promoted employees. Combine this template with our first-day onboarding checklist and new employee training checklist to design a complete onboarding process.Start Hiring Now
Highlight your company’s management culture by sharing:
Explain monthly, quarterly, and annual goals for your management team that include company-wide, department and individual goals and make sure to cover how you keep track of progress.
Brief managers on individual team members by describing the department’s structure, and where their department fits within the entire organization. Also, mention any recent:
Introduce new managers to:
Schedule training on:
Give an overview of your employee performance review process, including:
Highlight company policies, including:
Review recognitions and rewards, like:
Explain your company’s recruiting process:
Explain the team budget, including:
Schedule meetings in advance between new managers and your HR department to address any questions they may have during their first 30, 60 and 90 days.
Join the thousands of companies already hiring with Breezy HR.Start Hiring NowHikvision DS-2CE56D0T-IRPF 2 MP Indoor Fixed Turret Dome0T-IRPF 2 MP Indoor Camera sales price in Bangladesh
Specification:
Description :
Hikvision DS-2CE56D0T-IRPF 2 MP Indoor Fixed Turret Dome Camera.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.Skip Nav Destination
Close Modal
Update search
NARROW
Format
Journal
Article Type
Date
Availability
1-2 of 2
Follow your search
Access your saved searches in your account
Would you like to receive an alert when new items match your search?
Sort by
Journal Articles
Managerial Judicial Conflict Resolution (JCR) of Plea Bargaining: Shadows of Law and Conflict Resolution
Journal: New Criminal Law Review
New Criminal Law Review (2019) 22 (4): 494–541.
Published: 01 November 2019
Abstract
This.
Journal Articles
Journal: New Criminal Law Review
New Criminal Law Review (2019) 22 (4): 585–617.
Published: 01 November 2019
Abstract. In our review, we emphasize consensual elements, the place of the search of truth, and the role of the judges and other stakeholders. We outline the different paths that France and Italy have taken as incorporating adversarial and inquisitorial elements to increase efficiency. The French system made gradual modifications and remained inquisitorial by nature. Aside from the more recent integration of proceedings without trial inspired by plea bargaining, it has developed doors of abbreviated trials where the investigation stage is minimized. This has resulted in a different version of the vanishing trial—the vanishing investigation. The Italian system, on the other hand, has announced a drastic transformation to an adversarial framework of trial, while adopting mainly proceedings without trial. This shift has not resulted in a vanishing trial phenomenon, and currently, the full adversarial-type trial remains the main door in Italy. We describe the sequence of transformations of these systems and emphasize the significance of this contemporary patchwork of doors in terms of the role of the judges and the possibility of implementing a conflict resolution criminal justice perspective.A saree is that immortal fashion attire which has the beauty of creating everlasting elegance. Travelling since yesteryears till today no fashion outfit has been able to replace the glamour of a saree. Indian Wedding Saree celebrates modern elegance in traditional traces and our designer saree collection showcases the same; trendy, voguish and distinctive designs of sarees. these sarees,you need a designer saree blouse and we have taken care of that as well, we provide for perfect custom-stitching of blouse in the design that you love.
Rock any party with our designer saree collection. From silk to georgette to lycra to every other fabric you love, we have given a new and modish touch to every one of them. So that you can delightfully glam up in the style and fabric you love and can relish the party to the fullest. Not only the sarees but we have taken care of the jewelry and other accessories that you will love to complement your designer saree. So, explore it, shop it and fancy it!
{{item.title | truncate(20)}}
{{currency}} {{(item.price*currencyMultiplier).toFixed(2)}}
{{currency}} {{(item.discounted_price*currencyMultiplier).toFixed(2)}}On Tuesday, March 27th, Education Through Music joined with educators, community members, government officials, and students to celebrate the opening of the new music technology lab at Hunts Point Middle School M.S. 424 in the Bronx. This state-of-the-art classroom is the second of its kind at an ETM partner school, and is the most advanced music technology lab in New York City public schools. The launch coincided with the final week of "Music in Our Schools Month" and represented how technology can be incorporated into general music instruction to engage middle school students.
Following a casual meet-and-greet, attendees were invited to take a seat in the lab's "listening lounge" area for opening remarks. New York City Council Member Maria del Carmen Arroyo highlighted the power of what can be accomplished when community members work together. She urged listeners to remember that, "Projects like this throughout the city are the result of partnership at the very grassroots level of our community residents, their schools, and organizations like Education Through Music."
Bronx Borough President Ruben Diaz, Jr. also noted the impact of strategic partnerships and planning among officials and educators, and added that, by making music education a priority, "we can make sure that these kids who are living through challenges can satisfy their appetite for knowledge."
Attendees moved to the computer stations where ETM Director of Programs Peter Pauliks tasked them with creating an original, 16-measure composition with four different instrument tracks. Anticipating the challenges of this assignment, a class of sixth-grade students came to the rescue and paired up with the adults to complete the project. M.S. 424 students have had general music class in the lab three times per week since February, and they were able to share how much they have already learned about the software and components of music composition with their partner. Groups then showcased their skills by playing their compositions for the entire class.
After the sounds and beats of the creative pieces had faded, Principal John Hughes' words from earlier that morning seemed to reverberate in the music technology classroom: "We believe that the students in Hunts Point are entitled to every bit as good an education as you get any place else. Our kids deserve that." Students and attendees alike headed off with smiles on their faces and pride in their music-making accomplishments.
ETM thanks Council Member Maria del Carmen Arroyo and the Bronx Borough President for funding the music technology lab, and we are grateful to the Emily Davie and Joseph S. Kornfeld Foundation and the New York Community Trust for supporting our continuing partnership with M.S. 424.YXSLC House Number 127mm Big Modern House Number Door Address Nu.
23 Inch Ukulele Mahogany Concert Ukelele 23 Inch Hawaiian Cherry.
JumpingLight 3x5 Haiti Country 2ply Double Sided Flag 3x5ft Bann.
Four Port Wall Plate in White [Set of 4].Weekly Wrap-Up: January 10th-15th
This week I participated in the Clean Slate Read-a-thon hosted by Lisa and Becca from Lost in Lit, Gen from Latte Nights Reviews, and Erica and Christy from Novel Ink! It technically goes through the 17th, so I should get another book or two read before it ends. So far I've read 3!
We have Monday off so I'm looking forward to my 3 day weekend!
Monday: The Monday Musts: The Off Campus series, Adele, and Beads Mark the Spot
REVIEW: The Score by Elle Kennedy (4.5 stars)
Tuesday: Tasty Tuesday: Skinny Hash Browns, Bacon and Eggs Breakfast Casserole
Top Ten Tuesday: Top Ten 2015 Releases I Meant To Get To But Didn't
Wednesday: W...W...W...Wednesday: Always, With Every Breath, Legend
Thursday: MINI REVIEWS: The Sword of Summer by Rick Riordan (4 stars), Truthwitch by Susan Dennard (4.25 stars), and Soundless by Richelle Mead (3 stars)
Friday: REVIEW: With Every Breath by Lia Riley (3.5 stars)
Other Posts That Caught My Eye:
Tonya from Lilybloombooks talks love triangles on her Random Rants and Ramblings this week!
Danielle from Love At First Page features Nick from Nick and Nereyda's Infinite Booklist on her Love at First Page, with Bloggers feature!
Teresa from Readers Live a 1000 Lives is starting a new feature called On My Shelf, where she will feature an older book that has been on her TBR and get input from other bloggers on what they think of it!
Nereyda from Nick and Nereyda's Infinite Booklist wants to introduce you to the guys of the Oxford series by Lauren Layne!
Grace from Rebel Mommy Book Blog talks about why she is loving on real books again.
Shannon from It Starts at Midnight talks about Numerical Ratings- do you love 'em or loathe 'em?
Trish over at Between My Lines is doing The A-Z of Handy Tips for Bloggers and talks about comments this week!
Happy Blogoversary to both Tonya from Lilybloombooks and Nicole & Ashley from The Quiet Concert!
Kaitlyn from Reading is My Treasure talks about resisting ARCs!
Bookish SQUEE! of the Week:
I absolutely cannot wait to see how this trilogy ends!
Thank you Thomas Nelson!
Ooh nice! Never read that series but the covers have been beautiful!!
My STS will be up tomorrow, so stop by then if you can!
Have a GREAT day!
Old Follower :)
I really like the Siren series Jessica! They are good reads!
Great job with the readathon!!I love that cover for Sirens Song. So pretty!! Thanks for sharing my post! Have a great week!
Thanks Grace! It was seriously so nice to knock out some older titles! And I really enjoyed them too! I love the Siren's covers! They are so gorgeous!
I have the first two books of the Mary Weber series, I need to read it. I hope you love all of your new books.
Grace @ Books of Love
I hope you'll be able to binge read them Grace! They are SO good! :)
Ooooh, I saw Siren's Song on NG and was so tempted to request it, but given how I'm still trying to get through my backlogged ARCs, I decided not to!
I hope it'll be as awesome as you hope, Jess!
You have more restraint than I Pili! I should have taken that mentality too, but it was hard seeing as its the last book in the series. LOL. I hope it will be great too!
OMG that cover for Sirens Song is absolutely gorgeous! I must check that series out.
YES! It's really good! It's not perfect and I had some development issues with it, but it's really minor and ended up having the swooniest ship!
Congrats on kicking butt during the read-a-thon! I wanted to join, but I didn't figure I could devote much time to it since I was away for work. But I'm doing a pretty good job of reading all the books this weekend! :)
Thank you hun! I wish you could have joined too! We'll have to do another one this year one week or weekend! Go you for getting books read over the weekend! I didn't get nearly as many as I wanted! Haha
Oh, The Siren's Song cover is just beautiful! I need to read this series I think.
I am obsessed with the covers. I really enjoyed the books so far!
Aww thanks so much for linking to my post! You are too sweet :D And Siren's Song is so gorgeous! I haven't started the series yet, but I really want to! And I hope you enjoy your 3 day weekend!
You are welcome hun! It was a great post! :) I hope you like the Siren's books! They are definitely fun and omg the SHIP! Shannon, it's amazing!
Thanks for linking my Post Jess :D Hope you loved your 3 day weekend and made the most of it. And oohhhh that cover on Siren Song is fab!
But of course hun! It was awesome! I love sharing these awesome posts for others to see! I did have a great weekend! I didn't quite get all I wanted done, but that's ok. :)
Leave me some comment love! And I will get around to commenting back!
My blog is an award-free blog, however, as I just do not have the time to follow-up.Gennie joined The Richmond Charities in September 2020. She is Deputy Scheme Manager for Bishop Duppa’s, Candler, Manning Place, Michel’s, Queen Elizabeth’s and Wright’s Almshouses. Gennie’s previous roles include experience in a range of roles within adult and children’s social care and most recently she was Estate Manager for a retirement block of flats, The Greenwoods in Harrow, which is run by Anchor Hanover Housing.
Genevieve Thompson
- Phone: 020 8332 2839
- Position: Deputy Scheme ManagerBeing Debt Free Is Worth The Sacrifice!
Popular un-edited videos highly rated medical Debt, Eliminate Your Credit Card Debt, Debt Problem, Credit Card Offers, and Is Being Debt Free Worth It, Being Debt Free Is Worth The Sacrifice!.
Broadcasting LIVE – August 28, 2019, from the headquarters of Ramsey Solutions. Want a FREE customized plan for your money? It only takes 3 minutes!
Is Being Debt Free Worth It, Being Debt Free Is Worth The Sacrifice!.
Is Diy Debt Settlement A Good Concept?
The good news is that it is possible to get out from under that debt! You need to pick a system that you are comfortable with and adhere to it. Living within ones means is a delight in itself.
Being Debt Free Is Worth The Sacrifice!, Find popular high definition online streaming videos related to Is Being Debt Free Worth It.
10 Ways To End Up Being Financial Obligation Free
Any such financial obligation provided to you without an undying possession is called unsecured financial obligation. When handling lenders, the best thing to do is have an expert on your side.
It’s simple to come up with a list of reasons (reasons really) as to why you can’t attain monetary liberty and live financial obligation totally free. Excuses are how we justify not permitting something to happen. Excuses are how we manage year after year, doing the same things and getting no place.
If it is a Secured Debt, such as a cars and truck, house or property , the item value is held as collateral for the debt. If you pass away while cash is still owed, then the item can be seized by the lender and sold to satisfy the financial obligation.
You would not have repaid any debts in genuine as you would have utilized obtained money to repay obtained cash. However, all your complicated charge card calculations will concern an end. You will need to handle just one lending institution, one loan account and one due date.
A fine example of this remains in the housing market. With the fall of the market many people owe more on their house than its worth. This makes it bad if you are trying to sell due to the fact that you would not earn a profit on your home by selling it. Getting to know what you owe to companies will get you started on your Debt Free life. Just after you know what you owe can you make a budget plan to fit what you need monthly. Since you still desire things and this will not be in your budget, following a budget is extremely tough at initially. Some things have to be paid monthly no matter what. You still require your electrical power and gas to live in the house. You sure don’t wish to stop making your home payment. You would wind up with not having a place to live and this will not assist your situation.
So if you desire a high credit rating you have to be excellent at dealing with financial obligation, and not just one kind of debt (like credit cards/Revolving Debt ) but a variety. To provide you a high FICO score the credit system wishes to see you handling a range of financial obligations properly; both Revolving Debt (like credit cards, or store cards) and installment debts (like a vehicle payment, furniture payment or a home mortgage on a home or land). Not only that but you should likewise be responsible with other financial obligations you sustain that do not usually appear on your credit report. Things like: cellular phone costs, medical costs, home phone/internet bills and cable TV or satellite service expenses. If they are overdue for a period of time and will lower your credit rating, these will end up on your credit report.
Anytime one does a “no PMI” loan the financial obligation ratio is a substantial issue as 2nd lien business are typically more stringent than the first lien home loan company. Second lien business generally prefer DTIs in the 40-45% range. Obviously, if one’s debt ratio is higher than 45% they’ll probably just need to get a single, first lien which will consist of PMI.
Visualize what you will have when you are financial obligation complimentary. How much additional cash will you have when you are not paying all that financial obligation. Picture the better life you stop losing massive amounts of money on interest payments.
It does need dedication, it does need work and effort, it does need determination. You need to analyze your requirements versus your desires. They are providing away complimentary cash to those that they think deserve it.
If you are searching more engaging videos related to Is Being Debt Free Worth It, and credit Card Debt Statistics, Debt Free Life, Debt Relief, Remortgage Debt Consolidation Loan dont forget to list your email address for email subscription DB now.What Is Observability: A Practitioner's View
Charity Majors, from Honeycomb.io, recently wrote “Observability: The 5-Year Retrospective.” In it Charity takes a look back, attempts to define what Observability actually is, and lays out a set of capabilities any Observability platform must have. Charity’s vision helps all of us understand what we strive for in creating better software and services. However, I propose that there is a wide gap between the visionaries (or vendors) and the real Observability requirements for teams on the ground. Observability is a practice and not a product. It is time to define observability from a practitioner’s point of view.
Liz Fong-Jones defines observability incredibly well. As an engineer and a practitioner of observability, this rings true. Again, a visionary from Honeycomb and quoted in Charity’s article. But I take much inspiration from this.
Observability is not a binary state; it requires work over time. It’s the ability to swiftly surface relevant data to solve perf regressions, understand how your system works or your code behaves, and resolve incidents. Observability uses instrumentation to help provide context and insights to aid monitoring. While monitoring can help you discover there is an issue, observability can help you discover why.
– Liz Fong-Jones
Let’s dig in a little closer at this quote and take a practitioner’s view point. To wrap up, I really did like the way Charity defined Observability by defining the capabilities that an Observability Platform should have. I’ll give my own take on those.
As a side note, I absolutely refuse to refer to Observability or similar spaces in the Site Reliability Engineering world as “o11y.” Well, except when its really called for.
Over Designing the Problem
Ever heard that it isn’t the destination but the journey that matters? The same is true with Observability. This isn’t something you can just “turn on.” Especially as things start to scale up. If anyone tells you otherwise then they are definitely selling something.
Observability is a practice. For SRE teams that own Observability, it is the practice of setting up an Observability Platform (whether it is built or bought). For all Software Engineers it’s the practice of writing observable code and microservices. This most likely means working with the SRE team to understand the standards and tools to code against so observability is equally applied and available across teams. It’s an iterative feedback loop.
Many teams reach for the latest hyped o11y trends or start-up firm. Or laying our complex plans for a Three Pillar Observability Master System plus extra stuff. Here, danger lies. Observability has turned into a much hyped very vendor focused space. Rather, answer the basic questions first and don’t paint the bike shed.
- Can customers reach the site?
- Are our application instances up and running?
- Is debugging information and stack traces available as forensics during an incident?
If these aren’t somehow met, the team does not need an alien technology based advanced tracing and distributed debugger solution. Tracing isn’t first, the customers are. In Charity’s 3 Year Retrospective, one of the best quotes is as follows.
The request is what maps to the user’s real lived experience.
– Charity Majors
This is true, especially as complex systems evolve. However, it is quite common that teams cannot satisfy the three conditions above. Having those three conditions in place will go a long way toward handling customer facing incidents.
From here I recommend building Observability Standards around being able to identify and dashboard the Google SRE’s 4 Golden Signals. Those signals are:
- Traffic – The unit of work the microservice does.
- Errors – The number of work units failed to process correctly.
- Latency – A distribution of how long work units take to process.
- Saturation – A measure of capacity or limit of how many work units can be processed.
When these are understood for services a human paged for an incident will have a good chance at pinpointing where and what the problem is. Indeed, these are normally represented as metrics in a time-series database with a bit of math sprinkled on top. I believe that metrics are magic. Therefore, a good metrics system (like Prometheus) can and does help teams solve a wide array of incidents effectively. Metrics are quite efficient to store as well providing obvious cost advantages. This usually hits a sweet spot where understanding is, to further quote the Google SRE Book, “as simple as possible, no simpler.”
But this doesn’t meet Charity’s definition of Observability! Neither do the Google SRE Books really mention “observability.” Well, they do say you can Make Troubleshooting Easier by whipping out a can of Observability, but the list of ingredients are not mentioned. Indeed, the Google SRE books were published around the time that the use of the word “observability” started taking off.
Understanding Unknown Unknowns
Donald Rumsfeld. I can’t help but to think of his quote from February, 2002 when I see this phrase. Perhaps this has ruined the concept for me because my brain that works so well with concrete concepts starts filtering out the vague or inscrutable concepts that are surely about to follow after such a phrase.
However, this is all about objectively classifying concepts. If the brain’s working memory acts like an inverted index then it contains a list of concepts that link to the deeper understanding of that concept. When a concept is presented, it will either be present in the inverted index or not. If present, the linked understanding either offers an explanation or that the concept is not understood.
A Known Known
The concept is present in the inverted index (known) and links to understanding of that concept (known). I know that if I count the number of HTTP API hits a service receives I can understand the rate per second of that traffic. If the rate drops the service isn’t receiving the same level of traffic.
A Known Unknown
In this case the concept is in the inverted list – we are familiar with it (known). However we know that we do not understand this topic. An HTTP load balancer like an AWS ALB is a known concept, but how it routes HTTP traffic to the (in)correct service may not be understood by a junior SRE.
Or, my favorite, I know that gravity is real but to understand it a quantum theory of gravity must be formulated to understand how it interacts with other quantum fields.
An Unknown Known
This is experience or intuition. This is the ability to jump straight to understanding of a concept or problem. When sporadic lag or failure patterns appear in a new (unknown) service and an experienced SRE immediately checks to see if DNS (known) is working and solves the incident. After all, its always DNS.
An Unknown Unknown
Here is utter befuddlement. There is no understanding (unknown) what is broken and no ability (unknown) to leap toward a solution. It is a lack of information – other than the customers screaming about the product. Here be dragons and the stuff nightmares are made of. Progress isn’t made without finding further information which may take quite some time.
I wanted to build a demo of using Prometheus custom metrics in a Java microservice. Something I have done many times. To take it to the next level I integrated the code with the OpenTelemetry Agent and expected the Prometheus client Java library to begin to add exemplars to the Prometheus metrics endpoint. But it did not. The code looked correct to me and others in the Prometheus community, yet exemplars did not work. I had no idea why exemplars were not working and couldn’t come to a solution for why. Even debugging the code by hand didn’t produce insight. I decided I’d better build a different demo.
This is precisely where SREs and Software Engineers want and need tools to discover new information about how the system is working. Better tools reveal this information quickly by fast database queries or linking bits of information together like breadcrumbs. It is this ability to “surface relevant data to solve […] regressions, understand how your system works or your code behaves, and resolve incidents” that transitions into Observability.
Keep in mind the SRE mantra “As Simple as Possible, No Simpler.” These systems are large scale, fun to build, complex, and amazingly useful. But this doesn’t solve the problem of the dragons either.
Monitoring Versus Debugging
Let’s take stock. The “Observability Platform” described so far is very much on the side of metrics and monitoring with the acknowledgment that there is this concept of an “unknown unknown.” This platform enables basic symptom based monitoring where the most meaningful alerts live. In the case of an “unknown unknown” issue this level notifies the team that a customer impacting incident is in progress. Also, layered on top is tracking the 4 Golden Signals which provides our Service Level Indicators (SLIs) for each service or application. When that page comes in, this dashboarding, or better, existing low priority alerting can quickly identify the affected service or application in the stack.
At this point these SLIs can be used to build Service Level Objectives (SLOs). This means that building quantitative goals for the microservices that make up the entire stack is possible. We are Software Engineers, isn’t it time we use the tools of the Engineering trade to quantitatively automate and prove our goals? These SLOs build statistical models around:
- Availability
- Latency
- Throughput
- Correctness
In turn, these statistical models allow the teams to create specific goals and measure (quantitatively) their achievement against them. Not only does this provide a rigorous method to spot availability or latency problems that may be causing a customer facing incident, but it provides feedback to the company for how to steer teams to create a better product producing a better customer experience.
Clearly, this uses instrumentation not only to provide monitoring, but to be able to accurately measure and create statistical models. This instrumentation provides a rich insight that is integral to the metrics and monitoring side of the Observability problem space. Instrumentation isn’t just to “provide context and insights to aid monitoring.” A standard instrumentation practice is essential to understanding the health and performance of the microservices that make up the whole customer experience. It is only at this point where a team facing an incident understands “what” and can begin to formulate the question “Why?”
Now, who is this platform for? An incident has been identified, a service is seen as the likely culprit, and the change of behavior of that service (over time) is known. The Operations, DevOps, or SRE team (whatever we’re calling it today) has been able to successfully triage the problem using advanced Engineering tactics (well, okay, Statistics). But who is this system for? How does this help the developer team identify the root cause?
The point here is that understanding the health and performance of the microservices that make up the stack is totally and completely essential to success. Using the Scientific Method and math, all of this can be done with a robust metrics and monitoring platform without sampling or filtering data. In fact, this is why I like Prometheus and similar systems so very much. It is a cost effective and simple system upon which to build Observability. But the draw back here is that this is really for the SREs only. It doesn’t help the application teams other than communicating who is slow in the chain. While one cannot have Observability without the ability to monitor – it becomes Observability when the feedback loop between the customers, SRE teams, and the application developer teams is fully closed. The loop is closed when an engineer on the application team can select a especially laggy request, pivot over to the Events subsystem of the Observability Platform and identify that a specific customer is able to trigger SQL queries that cause the high latency. An Observability Platform truly is observability when it provides the ability to perform distributed debugging on top of watching for incidents.
This gets to my definition of Observability. It isn’t about how to deal with unknown unknowns. Rather, observability is being able to analyze streaming telemetry data from applications, identify health and performance incidents, define team and company goals, understand the customer experience, and provide data to allow for efficient debugging of the underlying code base. Observability doesn’t replace monitoring, but it stands on the shoulders of advanced monitoring systems to close the feedback loop for all of the teams involved in an incident.
Capabilities
Charity takes to defining Observability by the capabilities an Observability Platform must have. I really like this approach to focusing what, exactly, Observability is. However, my capabilities vary a bit. This reflects the belief that Observability requires the underlying foundation of monitoring coupled with having a strategy for how it will be implemented.
- Synthetic User Monitoring: The ability to run HTTPS probes against the application and simulate user actions such as a successful login. This testing is geo-regional in scope and provides insight into the user experience or site failure from around the global Internet.
- Metrics: The ability to efficiently store for years the health and status information of infrastructure and the health and performance of applications. This includes recording the 4 Golden Signals in a way that allows year-over-year trend analysis. Schema is present to identify and namespace the source of the data.
- Structured Events: Ingest and store short term (months) raw JSON structures emitted by applications. These structures follow the same basic schema that namespaces and identifies where the data originates and optionally includes Trace IDs to form a directed acyclic graph (DAG) to represent a user request.
- Robust Query Language: A query expression language that allows for slicing and dicing the data among any recorded dimention and providing the ability to do arbitrary mathmatical operations. This forms the basis of advanced statistical analysis that becomes possible. Support the ability to robustly aggregate Timers and build arbitrary and accurate quantiles.
- Real Time Alerting: Alert expressions can be run and generate results near real time. Alerting closer to the application rather than the far reaches of the Observability Platform provides key advantages here.
- Pipelines: Building of a telemetry data pipeline from the application containers all the way to the Observability Platform. Schema to identify and namespace telemetry is automatically added in a standard way, and controls exist to filter telemetry traffic at all levels of the pipeline.
- Exploratory User Interface: A graphical user interface for creation of 4 Golden Signals dashboards and to understand infrastructure status and application performance over time. Combined with tools to be able to explore the data in an ad-hoc manner using the same query language. This provides a single pane of glass interface to Synthetics, Metrics, Events, and Alerts.
I believe that this set of capabilities can and should be solution agnostic or made of multiple solutions. Each solution will craft the Observability Platform slightly more in favor of the use case of the business. Using vendors strategically in this Platform also works well to outsource some of the work in a way that doesn’t break the budget. However, it is my experience that no vendor provides a top notch solution to all of these capabilities that seamlessly fits together.
Maybe I’m wrong. I’ve been very much in the wrong on this blog before and I will be again! However, I don’t have anything to sell you, but I have seen this sort of platform create a cost efficient and amazingly useful Observability solution for large scale companies. True, this does lean toward the Google SRE path which may appear a bit dated. However, this Platform puts you in the driver seat to create automation and algorithms that watch your telemetry rather than having a human intuit their way through an outage.
Looking for more? Checkout Episode 125 of the Practical Operations Podcast!The body of a missing Royal Conservatoire of Scotland student has been found.
Timothy Chiwaula, 23, was last seen in Glasgow’s Old Shettleston Road on Monday, October 11.
Police recovered his body from the River Clyde next to Glasgow Green on Friday.
The acting student’s family has been made aware.
On Saturday, a Police Scotland spokesperson said: “Around 4am on Friday, October 22, police were called after the body of a man was discovered in the water next to Glasgow Green.
“The deceased has been formally identified as Timothy Chiwaula who had been reported missing from the Glasgow area. His family are aware.
“There are no suspicious circumstances surrounding the death and a report will be submitted to the Procurator Fiscal.
“The media and members of the public are thanked for their support during our investigation.”
Professor Jeffrey Sharkey, RCS Principal, said: “We’re absolutely devastated to hear of Tim’s death and our thoughts are with his family, his friends and all those who knew and loved him.
“Within our community, Tim was known as a young man of warmth and great potential. He will be missed very much.
“This is a close-knit community and our focus now is ensuring our students and staff are supported as we all come to terms with this terrible news.”by Rebecca Bowe
The eerie, springtime-in-January spell that marked the beginning of 2007 abruptly ended Jan. 9 when a snow flurry whipped through Western North Carolina. Schools were let out early; traffic slowed to a crawl. But the hostile weather wasn’t enough to deter some 40 or 50 people from attending Progress Energy’s open house that night at Woodfin Elementary School. The event was held to inform the public about the company’s proposal to build a $72 million, oil-fired power plant in Woodfin, and concerned residents circled through the array of charts and graphs set up in the gymnasium, pressing company representatives for specifics.
The company has to build the plant to satisfy its legal mandate to meet demand, said Progress Energy staffer Michael Luhrs. The utility will lose 250 megawatts of power in 2009 when its contract with the Ohio-based American Electric Power expires, he explained, and a new contract with an undisclosed supplier will provide only about half that amount. The new facility would run about 10 percent of the time, Progress Energy reports, bridging the gap during periods of peak demand. “Our obligation is to have the power necessary to meet the demand,” said Luhrs. When assessing the need for a new plant, he explained, utilities explore every other option first. “It has a lot to do with how people use electricity.”
Three days earlier, local environmental activists Ned Doyle and Jim Barton organized a teach-in at the West Asheville Library, arguing that alternative energy and conservation could provide the needed power. “Why should we spend more for an oil-fired power plant that we just don’t need when we have other alternatives and options?” asked Doyle, the organizer of the Southern Energy & Environment Expo, during his lively presentation.
In the coming months, the local air agency will consider whether the plant complies with the regional ambient air-quality standards, and the North Carolina Utilities Commission will determine whether the need for the facility is justified. But there is little room in the regulatory process for big-picture questions such as whether or not we should continue relying on fossil-fuels to generate electricity.
Please direct your query to the man under the basketball hoop
Although the open house presented detailed information, having so many specialized stations set up in the school gymnasium meant that conversational threads would snap if questions ranged beyond a particular staffer’s area of expertise. All night, green-shirted power-company employees were seen gesturing to one another across the room, indicating to whom people should direct their questions.
The plant’s only visible emissions would be heat waves, according to company spokespeople, and it would run on ultra-low-sulfur fuel, a relatively expensive type of oil that produces a tiny fraction of the sulfur pollution created by burning conventional fuel. The facility would be sited on 18 acres within a 78-acre, county-owned parcel, creating a buffer between the plant and the surrounding area. Enerdyne Power Systems operates a 1 MW plant on an adjacent former landfill property. The Enerdyne facility extracts methane gas from the rotting waste and burns it to produce electricity, which is sold to Progress Energy via a partnership with NC GreenPower, a statewide nonprofit promoting sustainable energy sources.
Although water would be used for cooling, it would neither be drawn from nor discharged into the nearby French Broad River, Progress Energy employee Rick Yates explained. Instead, the utility would buy municipal water. At maximum operating capacity, the plant would consume about 135 gallons per minute—roughly a gallon of water for every gallon of oil burned—and the water would be discharged as steam at the end of the process.
Not a done deal
While the general public will be given an opportunity to make comments about the proposed plant, the permitting agencies have the final say on whether it will be built. The first hurdle has already been cleared, as the Buncombe County Board of Commissioners voted 5-0 on Jan. 16 to lease the 78-acre parcel to Progress Energy for $1 a year (see “Power Plant Lease Approved” elsewhere in this issue).
But several steps remain before construction can begin (see box, “Power Plant Timeline”). Progress Energy must obtain a “certificate of public convenience and necessity” from the North Carolina Utilities Commission. “They will have to demonstrate a need and justification as to why this option is the best option,” says James McLawhorn, director of the Electric Division of the commission’s Public Staff. At press time, the company still had not submitted an application. After the application has been filed and reviewed, a public hearing will be held (probably in Asheville), and the commission should make its decision within six months, he says.
The power company must also obtain a permit from the Western North Carolina Regional Air Quality Agency. The permitting process begins with a review of the initial application, in which the company calculates the plant’s emissions and demonstrates that it will satisfy air-quality regulations. The application was submitted in December, and between now and July, staffers Ashley Featherstone and Victor Fahrer explained, the agency will study it, check the calculations, request additional information and draft a permit. A public hearing will then be held—most likely in July, says Featherstone—and both the public comments and the draft permit will be submitted to the agency’s board for final approval.
“It’s important to understand,” notes Fahrer, “that all we look at is air-quality regulations. If the application meets the regulations, we will issue a permit.” The agency will not consider whether new fossil-fuel-powered facilities should be built at all, he notes. Nor will it examine the facility’s carbon-dioxide emissions, because although it’s a greenhouse gas linked to climate change, carbon dioxide is not considered a “criteria air pollutant” regulated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. (According to the EPA, the average emissions rates in the U.S. for oil-powered generation are 1,672 pounds of carbon dioxide per Megawatt-hour.)
What was that number again?
Progress Energy’s massive air-permit application fills a pair of 4-inch-thick binders crammed with glossy maps, air-modeling results, an equipment outline, charts and graphics. In effect, the company submitted two applications—one for each turbine system under consideration. “We should have charged them double,” Fahrer joked.
The company is looking at using two of either General Electric’s LM 6000 or Pratt & Whitney’s “Swiftpac” model. The primary difference, say Featherstone and Fahrer, is how much power the facility could generate. Based on the information in the permit application, it could potentially generate up to 171 MW (with the Pratt & Whitney equipment) or 192 MW (with the GE turbines). But company spokesperson Ken Maxwell says that when the permit application was drafted in July, Progress Energy had estimated that they’d need more power. “While the permit may say 192, 130 [Megawatts] is our intention,” he says.
The hefty application also includes extensive air-quality modeling. “They weren’t required to do any modeling, but they went ahead and did it anyway,” probably because of the high level of public interest in the project, says Featherstone.
Such modeling is mandatory under the EPA’s Prevention of Significant Deterioration rules—special federal Clean Air Act requirements that apply to any new “major stationary source” of pollution. PSD requires utilities to use the “best available control technology”—the most effective pollution-control equipment currently on the market. Applications for such projects are subjected to a far more rigorous review process.
The EPA’s definition of a major stationary source varies depending on the locale. In designated “nonattainment” areas, where the air quality is already below what the EPA considers safe, facilities that expect to emit more than 100 tons per year of any of the criteria air pollutants are subject to PSD.
But Western North Carolina’s air quality is still considered to be in attainment, though it has teetered on the brink in the past. That raises the threshold for a major stationary source to annual emissions of more than 250 tons of any of the criteria pollutants: carbon monoxide, volatile organic compounds, nitrogen oxides, sulfur and particulates.
If the Woodfin plant ran about 20 percent of the time (the maximum amount that would be allowed under the terms of the application), it would emit a projected 247 tons of nitrogen oxides per year, barely avoiding major-stationary-source status—and thus the requirement to use the best available control technology. (Because permits are based on a worst-case scenario, the facility would be allowed to operate more than the projected 10 percent of the time.) At that level, the plant is also projected to emit about 60 tons of carbon monoxide per year, 65 tons of particulates, 18 tons of volatile organic compounds and 2 tons of sulfur, according to the permit application. If the plant exceeded the voluntary 247-ton limit, Progress Energy would receive a notice of violation.
Joining the ranks of Buncombe’s biggest polluters
Although Progress Energy won’t be required to jump through the hoops set out by PSD, the utility will have to obtain a Title V permit. The top eight point-source air polluters in Buncombe County already fall under Title V, with Progress Energy’s coal-fired Skyland plant at No. 1. The Woodfin facility would be added to that list.
Issued by the air-quality agency and subject to federal review, Title V permits require companies to monitor their own emissions and submit regular reports to the air agency.
And although Progress Energy plans to have the Woodfin plant up and running by December of 2009, it won’t have to apply for a Title V permit until up to a year after that, as long as it demonstrates beforehand that the plant will be in compliance.
The proposed plant’s total emissions, notes Featherstone, would amount to less than the reductions in emissions at the Skyland plant during the past year alone. Thanks to the installation of pollution-control technology, the Skyland facility slashed its annual sulfur emissions from 15,545 tons to 2,235 tons in 2006.
Nonetheless, said Featherstone, “If [the Woodfin] plant was operating right here right now, it would probably be No. 4 or No. 5” on the list of top air polluters in the county.
An uncertain future
Both the air-quality agency and Progress Energy have characterized this project as having a “high level of public interest”—meaning a lot of people don’t want it. Progress Energy engineer Larry Dalton said the crowd at the open house was the most people he’d ever seen attend such an event.
At least 100 concerned community members turned out for the Jan. 16 Board of Commissioners meeting, many delivering three-minute speeches on things like climate change, public health, air pollution and energy alternatives as part of a collective plea to the commissioners not to lease the property to the Project Energy. And many local environmental activists say they plan to continue meeting and organizing to prepare for the next public hearings.
“This isn’t an isolated incident—it’s part of a program that’s happening all over the country,” Avram Friedman, executive director of The Canary Coalition, told the much smaller crowd at the Jan. 6 teach-in. New power-plant proposals are being submitted throughout the Southeast, he said, and the rush may have something to do with anticipating new, stricter laws that would clamp down on carbon emissions. “This is a wave—it’s a mass decision to invest our future in this direction,” said Friedman. “We have to begin viewing ourselves as part of a larger social movement going toward efficiency, energy conservation and renewable resources.”
For more information about Progress Energy, visit. Meanwhile, a group of concerned citizens will hold information sessions on Saturday, Feb. 3 and Saturday, Feb. 10. For details, check or call 252-5111.
Power plant timeline
Here’s the projected timeline for the proposed Woodfin power plant, based on information from Progress Energy and regulatory agency representatives:
â¢ WNC Regional Air Quality Agency holds public hearing on air permit—likely July 2007
â¢ Air permit issued—summer 2007
â¢ N.C. Utilities Commission holds public hearing in Asheville—no date set, likely fall 2007
â¢ Utilities Commission certificate awarded—October 2007
â¢ Construction begins—2008
â¢ Commercial operations begin—December 2009
One thought on “The price of progress”
This is insane.
The prevailing winds here will blow this smog (heat only, my donkey) right downtown.
And at what rate will they buy this municipal water?
Let’s start calling this what it is… a Diesel Power Plant.J Dewey Cleaning Rods
Save up to $0.00 Save $-54.95
Original price $34.95 - Original price $54.95
Original price
$34.95
$34.95 - $54.95
Current price $34.95
22 44" Nylon Rifle Cleaning Rod by J Dewey®. Male Threaded.
All .22 Caliber Nylon Coated Rods have a 8/36 Male Thread, an overall diameter of approximately .210 inches, and a dual track ball bearing handle.
The Nylon will not peel or pick up abrasives of any kind.
All rods are single piece rods unless otherwise stated.
J Dewey uses male threads because they allow for a coating 7-9 times thicker than female threaded rods and the connection between the male thread and rod attachment is much stronger, as well.For my daily devotional reading, I’ve been following the Grant Horner Bible reading plan. I’m in my third year of following this plan, which invites the reader to read one chapter a day from each of 10 different segments of the Bible (Gospels, Old Testament Pentateuch, New Testament Letters #1, New Testament Letters #2, Wisdom Literature, Psalms, Proverbs, Old Testament History, Old Testament Prophets and finally, the book of Acts) for a total of 10 chapters each day.
One of the unique elements to this plan is that you begin to see how the scriptures are related to each other as you see certain themes and topics show up in completely different segments of your Bible reading. This was again the case for me a few days ago when I read the following similar verses from completely different chapters and segments of the Bible:
Thems 135:15-18)
They told Aaron, ‘Make us gods who will go before us. As for this fellow Moses who led us out of Egypt—we don’t know what has happened to him!’** 41That was the time they made an idol in the form of a calf. They brought sacrifices to it and held a celebration in honor of what their hands had made. (Acts 7:40-41)
Idols have always been an issue with people. We see the theme of idols repeatedly throughout Scripture. In the Psalms passage (and many other locations in Scripture) the author writes about the sheer irony of a person fashioning a figurine out of metal or wood or some other material – giving it eyes and ears and a mouth, even though it cannot see, hear or speak, and then bowing to that figurine as if it had some power to grant to us whatever we might request. It’s utter foolishness. To do this, the Psalmist says, will make you just as senseless as the idols you’ve created.
In the Acts passage, Stephen, who is about to be stoned, is giving a short history of the nation of Israel when he recounts this incident that occurred while Moses was on Mt. Sinai communing with God and receiving the 10 commandments. The people weren’t sure what happened to Moses or why it was taking him so long to come down from the mountain so they asked Aaron to fashion a gold calf which they subsequently began to worship as their God.
It’s easy to read passages like these and wonder how the Israelites could be so dumb to think that something they have just created with their own hands is somehow a god that will do your bidding! How can something you have created have the power to give you whatever you want and do whatever you ask?
People today are still in the habit of creating idols. We may not fashion figurines that we place on the mantel and worship, as we see in the Scriptures, but we create an idol any time our image of God suits our preferences instead of reality.
Think about it this way – in the Bible, we see people fashioning idols to represent gods the way they see them, whether they are in the form of an animal (calf) or people (eyes, ears, mouth). Even if we don’t create a physical representation of God via some figurine, we are still creating an idol any time we create a mental image of God that doesn’t comply with how God is revealed to us in the Bible.
In today’s world, it’s easier than ever to appeal to a “god” that bends to my political views and my cultural preferences.
Because God is infinite, there is always going to be a sense in which our views of Him are not completely accurate. So how can we avoid worshiping an idol? The key is our heart. God doesn’t expect that we would know everything about Him perfectly but He does exhort us to seek him with our whole heart and to worship Him as He’s been revealed.
This is another reason why it’s so important to read and understand God’s Word, for it’s the primary source for truthful information about who God is and what He’s like.
Reflection:
What are some ways you may be tempted to bend your understanding of God and His nature to fit your own views or preferences?
What is the source of information you have about God?
What steps can you take to increase your understanding of who God is so you are worshiping Him in spirit and truth?
To learn more about the Grant Horner daily Bible reading plan, you can google it, or go to this blog post, which I found to have a very thorough description.AUBURN HILLS, Mich. -- For the first time since the NBA Finals began, the Detroit Pistons played like defending champions, like they finally realized someone was stealing their title.
They awakened with a passion. They protected their turf.
The Pistons paddled the San Antonio Spurs 96-79 in Game 3 of the NBA Finals on Tuesday night, riding the raucous home-crowd energy and a newfound urgency.
They became the aggressors once again.
The Spurs still lead the series, 2-1, but the Pistons are back in the fight. Games 4 and 5 will be played in Detroit. They will try to become the first team in 28 years to fall behind 0-2 in the Finals and still win a championship.
The Pistons rediscovered the style that earned them the title last season -- the powerful defense anchored by Ben Wallace -- and they unleashed their guards.
Richard Hamilton and Chauncey Billups led with 24 and 20 points, respectively. It was the first time in the Spurs' 14 NBA Finals games -- dating to 1999 -- that anyone scored more than 90 points against them.
Wallace, who took much of the blame for their uninspired start in the series, had 15 points, 11 rebounds and five blocked shots -- all in the first quarter. It was his first double-digit rebounding effort in his past six games.
Although the game was tight through the first three quarters, the Pistons pulled away in the final period, accentuating their turnaround.
"They made the plays they weren't making in the first two games," said Spurs star Tim Duncan. "We never thought this was going to be easy."
Duncan had just 14 points, making only 5-of-15 shots. He also had only 10 rebounds, his low for the series. Tony Parker led the Spurs with 21 points.
Billups gave the Pistons a 78-69 lead with back-to-back baskets, first hitting a 3-pointer, then an acrobatic scoop shot from under the basket.
Hamilton, Detroit's leading scorer during the regular season, finally shook off the defensive blanket that Bruce Bowen had thrown over him in this series. He scored six quick points in the third against Bowen, giving the Pistons a 54-47 lead. He had 10 points in the period, his best of the Finals.
The lead changed hands 20 times in the first three periods. The Pistons made a run late in the third, capitalizing on two steals by Hamilton and another by Antonio McDyess.
The last tie was at 63 late in the third. Lindsey Hunter hit a driving layup for the 65-63 lead, and the Pistons started pulling away, wearing down the Spurs with their defense.
The Pistons held a 44-37 rebounding edge, but it was their 17 offensive rebounds that became 20 points that really hurt the Spurs.
"I think we figured out how hard we had to play. I don't think we realized we're in the Final against an unbelievable team," Pistons Coach Larry Brown said. "I think our guys know now we have to give our best to make this a competitive series."
The Pistons did a much better job containing Manu Ginobili, who had scored 53 points combined in the first two games. He hurt his left leg early, and although he returned to play, he managed just seven points.
The Spurs led 42-41 at halftime, staying focused and composed, despite a thunderous Pistons crowd trying to will its team back into the series.
It was not a pretty start for the Spurs, yet still a productive one. Ginobili came to the bench 40 seconds into the game after he injured his thigh trying to avoid an offensive foul.
Starting center Nazr Mohammed followed him to the bench in the second minute of the game with his second personal foul. Ginobili returned for the final four minutes of the quarter.
Wallace opened the game with energy and aggression, something he and his teammates had lacked in the first two games. For the first time in the series, he looked like the three-time NBA Defensive Player of the Year.
Wallace had five blocked shots in the first quarter. He also stole the Spurs' opening pass and converted a 3-point play just four seconds into the game.
Yet despite the start by Wallace and the absence of Ginobili and Mohammed, the Spurs still led 27-21 after the first quarter. The Pistons still struggled to make shots early.
When he made his first field goal of the night in the second quarter, Robert Horry set a record for most 3-pointers in the NBA Finals. He has made 43, snapping his tie with Michael Jordan.As part of their “History of the Arab People” course, students of Bachelor of Business Studies took part in the first Islamic History Week from December 20 and 24.
They shared knowledge of culture and traditions through photographic displays and produced mini-documentaries focusing on renowned Islamic scholars, such as Al Khwarizmi, Ibn Sin and Al Haythem, from the famous House of Wisdom in Baghdad.
Emphasising on the words of the late Shaikh Zayed that “those who have no knowledge of their past have no present or future,” the students were introduced to global awareness, critical thinking and academic research skills.
They gained a deeper understanding of how Islamic societies operate and tried to analyse events from a critical and historical perspective.
calendly alternatives office 365
Services
It integrates with iCloud, Office 365, and Google Calendar. Die Person wählt eine Uhrzeit, und das Ereignis wird Ihrem Kalender hinzugefügt. You can set up available hours even if they change by day or week. Convenient online payment is enabled through Paypal, Square, Stripe, and Authorize.net. Some of the best features include website integration, hosting & security, calendar sync, recurring appointments, mobile access, room booking management, and group scheduling. JotForm Zoom Scheduler has 4 premium plans to fit your needs: TimeTap is the top Calendly alternative tool that is best for enterprises. It has listed three products on its website – Campaigns, Calendar, and Inbox. 3. Using a smart AI-driven appointment scheduler like Calendly and its alternatives, you can improve your business’s efficiency and customer satisfaction. Of all the platforms listed, Doodle is probably the most secure choice. Nowadays, online appointment and meeting scheduling solutions are trending. 5. Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. Coronavirus crisis has changed the way businesses used to operate. Please note that you will have to pay the monthly fee for the paid plan. Like HubSpot Meetings, it’s available across devices for multi-platform viewing. Die Server für Microsoft Office 365 liegen in Europa. You will get billed annually while buying the paid plan. Moreover, it allows you to accept online bookings, receives advance payments, sends reminders automatically, creates discounts & offers, time zone detection, etc. It lets you seamlessly schedule Zoom meetings with clients. Explore 5 apps like Calendly, all suggested and ranked by the AlternativeTo user community. It fully integrates with HubSpot’s free customer relationship management (CRM) tool, which means you’ll also have access to things like email marketing, live chats, and reports. Calendly even lets you customize your profile to deliver a personalized branding experience. This scheduling software can be used as an administrator and a user as well. For added layers of protection, Doodle uses: Compared to Calendly and Calendar, Doodle’s free version is ad-heavy, and users have reported an overwhelming amount of sales emails encouraging upgrades. While Calendly works well for some businesses, it’s essential to consider the features that best suit your needs. Recommended: How to Make Online Classes Interesting. YouCanBook.me offers these two pricing plans: You can choose to pay the bill either monthly or annually. Calendly has a slew of details you can add to each meeting type you offer. Its best-known features are auto-detect clients’ time-zones, easy booking, 24×7 availability that reduces 90% call volumes, and increased customer satisfaction. SimplyBook.Me offers medical scheduling such as billing, physician management, appointment reminders, customized emails, marketing tools, on-site payment mechanisms, etc. Zoom.ai. It never stores personally identifiable information, accesses your information, or reads your emails. Also, I started this blog, Growth Marketing Pro and built it into a 6-figure passive income business in 18 months. There’s no annual fee available. X.ai offers 3 plans to fit your specific needs for scheduling appointments online: Sign up X.ai and start scheduling meetings instantly for free. In search of an intuitive solution for your sales and marketing team? It’s simple to use and has a sleek interface. You can integrate it with HubSpot CRM, Google Calendar, and Office 365 Calendar. You can apply for the 7 days free trial for any of the paid plans of Acuity Scheduling. Want to explore the advanced features of ScheduleOnce? Acuity Scheduling and Schedulicity stand out as its top competitors based on similarity, popularity and user reviews. Whether you’re looking to improve sales, merge your personal and business availability, or save time — there’s an alternative to Calendly for you. I have my Calendly (which has been a game changer for me!) With a 4.8 out of 5 ratings on G2, Acuity Scheduling is the best Calendly replacement. Compared to Calendly, Acuity Scheduling features more advanced capabilities. Calendly Alternativen. We examine 12 of the best alternatives to Calendly. Paypal, Stripe, and Square. Invitees visit your Calendly page to pick an acceptable time, and event is added to your Office 365 calendar. It is known for its quick and simple meeting scheduling features. Vocus.io Calendar is a GDPR-ready solution to track and automate email follow-ups and schedule appointments with ease. It is best for businesses and its features include automated integration, communication with customers, two-way calendar synchronization, customizable booking, etc. 2. What’s more? You can integrate JotForm Zoom Scheduler with popular business tools like Hubspot, Zoom Meetings, Google Calendar, etc. Here are the key advantages of using Calendly: Calendly is a great software tool, but there are a few disadvantages to consider. But you’ve got options. Bookeo offers the following 4 plans to fit your unique needs: You can access advanced features of Bookeo for 30 days for free without any credit card. Similarly, so your staff doesn’t get double-booked, you can also add their Office 365 calendars. They can see your real-time availability, set a date and time for the meeting, reschedule or cancel them on their own, and pay for the appointment in advance through integrated payment merchants viz. It is HIPAA compliant and offers SOAP so that healthcare professionals can use it without any trouble. Spend 1 minute telling Calendly your availability preferences. Internet Explorer 10 or greater required. You can integrate it with Salesforce to updates and add automation to your sales routine. Funktioniert mit Ihrem Kalender von Google, Outlook, Office 365 oder iCloud, damit Sie niemals doppelt gebucht sind Kontrolle. Try the paid features of Appointy for 14 days with its free trial or keep using the free version as per your needs. Popular open source Alternatives to Calendly for Self-Hosted, Linux, Windows, Mac, Web and more. X.ai works with Google, Outlook, Slack, Zoom, and many more apps. Here’s a brief overview of the tools we’ll compare: First, let’s dive into Calendly and whether it makes sense for your business. Visit your Calendar Connectionpage to confirm or customize your calendar settings. Since the sectors wholly depend on customer satisfaction, the tool makes sure not to leave customers waiting, instead arrange meetings instantly. Moreover, Bookeo allows you to take more control over online payments. TimeTap. Control your schedule Create availability rules so even though your invitee picks the time, all your meetings will be scheduled at times that work best for you. 1. In this guide, we’ll discuss the five best Calendly alternatives for any business to improve productivity — so you can start taking time back for yourself. Cirrus Insight is a trending Calendly alternative that helps you schedule meetings and automates follow-ups right from your email inbox. If you need a scheduling software with advanced features, you can try JotForm Zoom Scheduler, Acuity Scheduling, ScheduleOnce or Appointy. Solution Suggest is a team of marketing experts and researchers. If you are also not satisfied with this automated scheduling software, read this article to find the best alternative to Calendly that fits your needs. We provide the list of best alternatives for software, games, apps, and websites that you already know or use and want to replace. Additionally, you can try HubSpot Sales Chrome extension that has got a 4.5-star rating across 8,541 reviews on the Chrome Web Store and being used by 700,000+ users. Microsoft Bookings is an online appointment booking and scheduling tool for small businesses, available as part of Office 365 for Business subscriptions. There are a variety of Calendly alternatives with similar features that work just as well — especially if you’re looking for more robust calendar scheduling options. With Calendly, you get three options: basic, premium, and pro. You can read our full affiliate disclosure in the privacy policy. If you’re already using HubSpot’s CRM, it automatically updates the platform with contacts and creates records when prospects book an appointment. You don’t have to waste your day scheduling meetings. Gone are those days when one has to maintain logs himself or with the help of his secretary handling all the available slots for meetings. Other alternatives for calendar management . Please share your recommendations by leaving a comment down below. It also brings together your Google and Outlook calendars into one dashboard to easily manage your full schedule. Here are the details: Basic – Free. Users can access the software via web-based, iPhone, and Android devices. It is available on Google Play and App Store. It will help you track and streamline the workflow effortlessly and focus on more productive works to increase the ROI. It syncs with Google, Outlook, Office365, iCloud, and Exchange. Users appreciate the advanced yet easy to use configurations and features such as automatic time zone detection and customization. Nevertheless, you can connect with your team or clients accurately. and many more. All rights reserved.Developed by Metaweb Development. The bane of your workday? With Calendly, you’re charged $10/user per month. Best in the market for schools, professional service providers, and tour agencies that need to increase efficiency and customer satisfaction while saving time. Add Office 365 calendar events to Bookings. Calendly was added by NaSabbir in Mar 2016 and the latest update was made in Jul 2020. There are plenty of appointment scheduling tools to help streamline productivity. Similar to other Calendly alternatives, Meetingbird features automatic time-zone detection, group scheduling, and syncs to multiple calendars. The tool automatically builds multiple scheduling scenarios and shares it on your website and/or email. Planen. Want to explore the advanced features before making the purchase decision? If I unlink it from my calendar, it works fine. It is available in over 35 languages, and a 4.5-star rating on SoftwareAdvice makes Bookeo the top-rated Calendly alternative. You pick the date and time options, then crowd-source to find an appointment that works best with everyone’s schedules. Scheduling meetings. Share your personal Calendly page with clients, colleagues, students, etc. Moreover, before paying the fee, you can go for 14 days trial of YouCanBook.me premium. It syncs with Google, Outlook, Office365, iCloud, and Exchange. Calendly is by far the most convenient calendar scheduling tool on the market. Eventually, it can take over meeting scheduling and appointment changes while delivering an experience tailored to your distinct needs. Despite being the most popular tool for appointment scheduling, Calendly isn’t a one-size-fits-all solution for you or your business. It aims at easing the entire sales process. To get started, all you have to do is let Calendly know your availability preferences. This online appointment tool also sends email reminders to help prevent no-shows.
2020 calendly alternatives office 365Students walk on campus by the Talley Student Union. Photo by Marc Hall
A fully-integrated part of NCSU Libraries, the African American Cultural Center Library and Media Room houses over 7,000 titles and is open Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. This peaceful haven is adjacent to the African American Cultural Center Art Gallery on the second floor of Witherspoon Student Center on Cates Avenue. Librarian Angela Jenkins provides a virtual tour of the facility.
On-campus scavenger hunts, students of all ages arrive at the African American Cultural Center Library with paper or camera in hand to find out where the African American Cultural Center or the African American Cultural Center Library is located within Witherspoon Student Center. They take a picture in front of the bookshelves to confirm that they were here and then run out to the next point on their treasure hunt.
If they could stay a bit longer, they would know that indeed they have found a treasure right in front of their eyes! With quick glance from the corner of their eye, they can see over 7,000 books on the shelves representing historical periods starting within the United States era of Early African American Literature, Slave Narratives, Post Slavery, Harlem Renaissance, Civil Rights Movement and History in the Making. The collection continues with the Communities of the World that Represent the African Diaspora reflected across interdisciplinary studies.
They could learn that we have a special collection of Art Books, Children’s Books, and Reference Books and wonderful Audiovisual Collection housed in the Media Room section of the AACC Library. This treasure chest is waiting for you to grace it with your presence and open it to find history and scholarship, to discover ours and create yours.
If you are interested in Africana Studies and reaching back for history about African Americans, Africans and the African Diaspora, then this specialized collection is the place for you and part of the treasure is that the collection is constantly evolving.
This library is here on campus for the sole purpose of providing students access to learning more about our culture and giving insight into the great authors of our time. It is a privilege to have access to a room such as this one, to learn how African Americans are deeply rooted to the earth and how we are extraordinary, ordinary people, inextricably intertwined in North Carolina’s African American History and Culture. They would know that the first Black author to win a Pulitzer Prize, Gwendolyn Brooks, is also honored in the African American Cultural Center Library. They will discover that author and poet Margaret Taylor Burroughs is an artist and the African American Cultural Center has several of her books and paintings.
With the understanding that it’s not too late to go back and discover your past, NC State students, staff and faculty members have the key to a bounty of treasures. They can find the key by using NCSU Libraries’ online catalog for access to over 7,000 titles, request a book or DVD of choice or visit the African American Cultural Center Library and Media Room. The next time you are in the Witherspoon Student Center, make a special effort to visit the African American Cultural Center Library on the second floor and stay awhile, tell a friend, bring a friend and take advantage of this wonderful part of the African American Cultural Center. It is a treasure trove of resources and you are the key. History and scholarship, discover ours and create yours!
Angela Jenkins is the librarian of the African American Cultural Center Library and Media Room.Clear pimples and hydrate your skin while adding much-needed protection against future
outbreaks.
Magic Touch gets its name from its magical effect on oily skin and acne – the joint product of some incredible Ayurvedic ingredients.
Sandalwood oil brings some balance to inflamed skin, shrinking your pores to prevent pimples and acne. Meanwhile, lotus liquorice adds
hydration and protection against UVA/UVB rays, while other herbs add essential vitamins.
A refreshing moisturiser that cools and calms your skin
Includes Ayurvedic herbs that improve absorption, control blemishes, and provide valuable vitamins
Balance your body with cooling sandalwood oil
Ayurvedic benefits include relieving Pitta dosha
Responsibly formulated - as kind to the environment as it is on your skinAlthough, I am not exactly a hip-hop fan, I still would like to emphasise on the lyrics of the latest inspirational song, by the successful Cuban hip-hop singer, Pitbull. (See YouTube music video above). It’s not too preachy, but short and to the point. Exactly, what we need to change our belief and attitude towards the challenges the whole world is facing now. The pertinent lyrics are…
“You know what spreads faster than any virus is Fear.” And when it comes to fear, you can either forget everything and run, or “you can FACE EVERYTHING and RISE!”
“I believe that we WILL WIN!”
During these times of great challenges, I support all forms of positive advocation. Over the past few decades, I have learned through my personal experiences and teachings of spiritual people as well as highly successful people, that a positive belief will lead to a reverse in passive attitude, which then translates into affirmative action. Fear based action usually have limitations/shortcomings, whereas action based upon a winning attitude usually dissolves challenges (real or perceived) faster and more efficiently. In fact, such action can even inspire others to do the same.
In this new Astrological Age of Aquarius, individuals are prompted to look for the POWER … from within. Ultimately, we are what we believe ourselves to be.Abstract
Both cognitive diseases and alexithymia may be associated with HIV. Moreover, alexithymia has been linked to cardiovascular (CV) diseases. Our aim was to explore the prevalence of alexithymia and its associations with neurocognitive disorders (HAND) and CV risk factors in a well-controlled HIV-positive population. We consecutively enrolled 140 HIV-positive individuals on antiretroviral therapy and 35 healthy subjects matched for age, education and gender. In all participants alexithymia was explored by the 20-item Toronto Alexithymia Scale. For HIV-positive subjects also data about CV risk factors were collected, and a comprehensive neuropsychological examination was administered; HAND was defined according to Frascati criteria. Patients and controls did not differ in the proportion of alexithymic status (10% vs. 11%; p=0.761). Among HIV-positive patients, alexithymic participants presented a higher prevalence of diabetes (21% vs. 3%, p=0.035) and hypertension (36% vs. 13%, p= 0.037) compared to non-alexithymic. About 30% (n=41) of HIV-positive patients met criteria for asymptomatic HAND. Alexithymia was not independently associated with a higher risk of HAND (p=0.189). Analyzing each cognitive domain, alexithymia showed an independent association with an abnormal performance (OR 1.08; p=0.037) only in psychomotor speed. In conclusion, in the context of a well-controlled HIV infection, we found a low prevalence of alexithymia comparable to healthy controls. Alexithymia was linked to higher risk of CV disease in the HIV-positive population, but with a rate similar to that previously estimated in the HIV-negative alexithymic. Finally, alexithymia was clearly associated to cognitive impairment only in the psychomotor speed domain, suggesting a common fronto-striatal system dysregulation.
Keywords
- Adult
- Affective Symptoms
- Anti-Retroviral Agents
- Cardiovascular Diseases
- Case-Control Studies
- Cognitive Dysfunction
- Cross-Sectional Studies
- Diabetes Mellitus
- Female
- HIV Infections
- Humans
- Hypertension
- Male
- Middle Aged
- Odds Ratio
- Prevalence
- Risk FactorsDr. Ali Sajjadian has been recognized by RealSelf as one of the Top 100 most influential board-certified aesthetic doctors on social media.
Newport Beach, CA — April 27, 2015
Ali Sajjadian, MD Triple Board Certified plastic surgeon and founder of Sajjadian Plastic Surgery is proud to be recognized by RealSelf as one of the Top 100 most influential board-certified aesthetic doctors on social media. RealSelf.com, a website dedicated to serving the national community as an informational resource, is centered on elective healthcare topics such as cosmetic surgery, dermatology, dentistry, and other elective treatments. By providing an extensive collection of reviews, photos, and doctor Q&A, RealSelf is a large trusted resource for over 51 million users nationwide.
Because of RealSelf’s immense following and community, this recognition, as the RealSelf 100: The Top Social Influencers in Cosmetic Medicine is a prized possession and Dr. Sajjadian is proud to be recognized as such. RealSelf recognizes these prestigious medical professionals for providing valuable insight for consumers who are looking to make informed and confident decisions about their health and beauty. The top doctors that made the annual RealSelf 100 list are only those surgeons who have taken the time to engage with the community despite their hectic and busy schedules to inform the public with the expertise and advice as a surgeon.
. Sajjadian, being one of the RealSelf 100, himself has an outstanding record of positive consumer feedback with over 162 reviews, has empowered millions of people by providing expert information, directly interacts with those in the RealSelf community via Question and Answer, and also provides real patient before and after photos so users can make an educated and informed decision. Dr. Sajjadian is honored to receive this recognition and will continue to provide expert advice and information to his trusted community.
About Dr. Ali SajjadianAim: To establish whether prophylactic systemic antimicrobials reduce the risk of peristomal infection in placement of percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomies.
Background: Percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomies, placed surgically through the anterior abdominal wall, maintain nutrition in the short or long term. Those undergoing percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy placement are often vulnerable to infection. The increasing incidence of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus contributes an additional risk to the debate surrounding antibiotic prophylaxis. The aim of antimicrobial prophylaxis is to establish a bactericidal concentration of an antimicrobial drug in the patient, during placement.
Design: Systematic review.
Methods: We searched the Cochrane Wounds Group Specialised Register (July 2006); The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (The Cochrane Library 2006, Issue 2); handsearched wound care journals, relevant conference proceedings and bibliographies of publications identified, and contacted manufacturers and distributors of percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy products. Randomised controlled trials were selected evaluating the use of prophylactic antimicrobials for percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy placement, with no restrictions for language, date or publication status. Both authors performed data extraction and assessment of study quality. Meta-analysis was performed where appropriate.
Results: Ten eligible randomised controlled trials were identified evaluating prophylactic antimicrobials in 1100 patients. All trials reported peristomal infection as an outcome and a pooled analysis resulted in a statistically significant reduction in the incidence of peristomal infection with prophylactic antibiotics (pooled OR 0.31, 95% CI 0.22-0.44). The relative reduction in risk of infection for those given antibiotics was 19% with the need to treat 5.8 patients to prevent one infection - NNT.
Conclusions: Administration of systemic prophylactic antibiotics for percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy placement reduces peristomal infection.
Relevance to clinical practice: The nurse's role in endoscopy is expanding rapidly and demands that practice is based on the best available evidence. This systematic review seeks to make a contribution to best practice in percutaneous endoscopic gastrostomy placement.The whole issue is a double-edged sword. Measuring your own outcomes is a good thing, but it’s no small burden for a treatment provider. (Imagine if every doctor had to measure their outcomes.) The adoption of and evidence-based practice (with some measures to assure fidelity) could relieve providers of this burden, but it comes at the cost of autonomy–which no one likes. Providers also hate that the process for identifying evidence-based practices is so political. (Consider the case of MRT.)
Note the straw man hit job by the journalist in the comments:
Yeah, I’m skeptical of this resistance as well: the reason there’s such a push for evidence-based practice is because the non-evidence-based practices in addiction– like harsh confrontation, humiliation, one-true-wayism (particularly insistence that the alternative to AA is jailsinstitutionsdeath: way to give hope, guys!)– are not only ineffective but harmful.
These practices are antithetical to therapeutic alliance and to most of the other things you say are important for treatment.
All evidence-based practices incorporate “best practices” like emphasizing therapeutic alliance and empathy and opposing one-true-way stuff– so it’s really rather absurd to argue against EBT’s by saying that those things matter.
If the non-evidence-based stuff did that, this wouldn’t be a huge issue, but it doesn’t and harmful and ineffective practices continue to be widely utilized.
How did this turn into a sarcastic 12 step bashing moment? (By the way, 12 Step Facilitation is an evidence-based practice.) Why does she insist on painting treatment providers with such a broad brush?
Besides, a quick google search of the author of the article finds that that the guy wrote a book on controlled drinking–hardly a 12 step nazi. Another important point is that one of the biggest critics of the push for the adoption of evidence-based practices is Scott Miller–not a 12 stepper in ANY way. In fact, he’s the biggest advocate of the notion that the therapeutic alliance is for more important than the treatment model and he uses lots of evidence to support his arguments–not just anecdotes and slurs against people who think differently.
So much for the false notion that questioning the push for adoption of evidence based practices means your a mindless, abusive treatment provider who can’t bring yourself to give up “harsh confrontation, humiliation, one-true-wayism”!
6 thoughts on “It Isn’t All About Evidence-Based Practice”
"Note the straw man hit job by the journalist in the comments"When more than 90% of health care & treatment in the US rely solely on the "12-Step Facilitation" model — which, for all intents & purposes, IS AA — it's hardly a "straw-man" argument.If you'd taken time to do your own research, you'd know that Maia (who I'm almost certain is Maia Szalavitz) has actually been through the 12X12 treadmill & come out on the other side. In her published work (in the Huffington Post, NY Times, Washington Post, New York Magazine & several top-selling books including "Recovery Options" written with Dr. Joseph Volpicelli) hardly shows herself to be a '12 step basher'.Offering up alternatives to AA/12-step & illustrating their various pro's & cons is definitively not '12 step bashing'. Frankly, your knee-jerk use of the 'bashing' code word speaks volumes to your own prejudices on the subject.Having spent 8 years "going to any lengths" in the AA trenches myself, I'm quite happy to be free of its rigidity, empty, antiquated rhetoric, & useless, anecdotal dogma. I'm doing better than ever on my own — for three years running (never could amass that amount of time within AA's cartoonish, quasi-religious, decidedly anti-intellectual structure). Maia's story is much the same, as is Ray's (another commenter on the article cited). How's that for a non-evidenced based results?That the author of the article cited is not a 12-Step adherent & that neither is Scott Miller (mentioned no one in the article, rather simply dragged into your post to substantiate your own tirade) does not diminish Maia's very valid criticism.After 70-plus years of AA/12-Step being taken without question as an unalloyed boon to society, it's high-time for some evidence-based revision of treatment.It's also high time steppers find a new lexicon when they all too eagerly attack legitimate criticisms. If 'the program' won't do so itself, then interested parties & the general public have the right to look with a critical eye & ear toward the discourse of AA/12X12. That's not 'bashing'. That's calling it like you see it.
If you'd taken the time to poke around the blog you'd know that I don't believe there is one way to recover and I don't object to fair criticism of any treatment approach, 12-step or otherwise. Criticism of 12-step facilitation (TSF) is fine, but characterizing all TSF as "harsh confrontation, humiliation, one-true-wayism" is just wrong.One can point out limitations and alternatives without slandering an entire field. There are practitioners and programs that behave has she describes–most do not and, fortunately, there are fewer today than there were a decade ago. Just as there are doctors who rip off medicare, it would be unfair to broadly paint doctors as thieves. Scott Miller is germane because he's an expert on the question she's raising (utilization of EBPs) and is the most visible advocate of the argument that the "therapeutic alliance" (the term she used) is of supreme importance in determining outcomes. Sorry you had a lousy treatment experience. I respect that there are many paths to recovery and don't feel the need to disparage your path or anyone else's. I'm happy you've found a path that works for you.
It IS about evidence based practice. It is long overdue that we begin to use something logical. I am 63. I doubt that I will live to see it. I hope that my grandaughter may. We await a lister or pasteur.
Hey Jason, talk about straw man arguments, show me where I said that 12-step facilitation as done through the manuals *isn't* an evidence-based practice? And show me where I said that actual 12-step facilitation is harsh and confrontational? Nope, you can't, can you?What I argued against and continue to argue against is "one true wayism" and the forced imposition of 12 step beliefs as the only way to recover. I believe that treatment providers should offer people the option of attending 12 step programs and offer 12-step facilitation as one approach, explaining what the research shows about *voluntary* affiliation. But if your primary treatment goal is "getting people into 12 step programs" that's not offering an option, that's indoctrination and it's not treatment and it's not evidence-based.
You intimated that resistance to EBPs as rooted in attachment to "like harsh confrontation, humiliation, one-true-wayism (particularly insistence that the alternative to AA is jailsinstitutionsdeath…)" You painted the options as a choice between embracing EBDs and tolerating professional abuse. I see that as a straw man.As for TSF, you're correct. You never specifically criticized TSF and you're correct that TSF is antithetical to the old school treatment-as-12-step-evangelism.If you're a supporter of TSF as part of a menu of options among providers, we're on the same page and I apologize for misrepresenting you. However, I think it's fair to say that a reader of your writing over the last several years would walk away with the impression that a program utilizes 12 step programs is likely to be confrontive, abusive and resistant to science or EBPs, rather than potentially using an EBP (TSF).
The limitations of evidence-based practices are evident when someone can use the results from the much criticized Project MATCH to declare 12step facilitation an evidence based practice.Posted 4 years ago
Hello everyone! As a newly-minted ECCE member, in the spirit of fostering community and collaboration I would like to take this chance to briefly introduce my research interests and encourage all of you to consider pursuing graduate studies in geography. I am currently in the first semester of Carleton University’s Geography PhD program, and have […]COVID-19: England forced to pick completely NEW team against Pakistan ODIs after coronavirus outbreak | Cricket News
[ad_1]
England have been forced to choose a brand new team for the Pakistan ODI sequence after seven individuals – together with three cricketers – have examined COVID-19 optimistic, pushing the complete squad into isolation. Three England gamers and 4 backroom workers have examined optimistic for COVID-19, with the remainder of the squad deemed shut contacts. The first ODI is on Thursday and can nonetheless go forward.
Ben Stokes will return to the England facet as captain after a number of weeks out with a fractured finger, regardless of limited-overs captain Eoin Morgan initially saying it might be too quickly for the all-rounder to be thought of. The remainder of the brand new team to face Pakistan can be named afterward Tuesday.
 period of self-isolation from July 4 following the UK Government’s protocol on quarantine. The remaining members of the party have been deemed close contacts and will also isolate,” a press release by England Cricket Board learn.
England are supposed to face Pakistan in three ODIs and three T20s starting in Cardiff on Thursday (July 8). The ECB confirmed that the sequence will go forward as deliberate.
“The ECB have confirmed the Royal London ODIs and the Vitality IT20s against Pakistan will go ahead. Ben Stokes will return to England duties and captain the squad – which will be named in the next few hours. Incoming squad and support team members will follow PCR tests and bridging protocols to ensure safe entry to camp,” the ECB assertion added.
ECB CEO Tom Harrison mentioned that the board was aware concerning the emergence of COVID-19’s ‘delta-variant’.
“We have been aware that the emergence of the Delta variant, together with our transfer away from the stringent enforcement of bio safe environments, might enhance the probabilities of an outbreak. We made a strategic alternative to strive to adapt protocols, so as to assist the general wellbeing of our gamers and administration workers who’ve spent a lot of the final 14 months residing in very restricted situations.
,” Tom Harrison, ECB CEO, mentioned.
[ad_2]
(THIS STORY HAS NOT BEEN EDITED BY INDIA07 TEAM AND IS AUTO-GENERATED FROM A SYNDICATED FEED.)323717 Free online games
Content
Superstar Battles: Jedi Starfighter Car Fury three-dimensional: Coastline City Connect, Heavens, So you can Sea Struggles; Send out We Soldiers, Transmits In order to Airforce To combat An individual Opponent In order to Kill Your very own Platform Bonus: Rip To Fb Fights That may Dont Can be found Currently
Try things out to learn the very best video game titles ever before made and, please remember to take a look right back typically because we will always be launching totally new fights. See you combat sends contrary to the challenge lake beasts of these live method structure coverage circular. Have fun with the classic Mortal Kombat both combat game that will put it up each one of.
- Feel fits, exams, mystery matches, matter, action as well as football games are especially right here on the best way to listen to.
- During the past, Joe happens to be portion of the Us all Army so to came institution for the online game photos so to knowledge.
- Free download Meets was basically a trusted place to download fits owing 2002.
- Don’t often be tricked through tempting outside belonging to the Personnel Salvato’s set of bookworms because optical unique includes list of distressingly dark-colored sheets hidden beneath the.
Blizzard’s renowned abstraction-Rpg thinks becoming near so you can elegant as it managed to do in the record ashcan school in years past. Even though you’ve trounced their promotion more than once, replaying by having a companion constantly places all the way up brand new predicaments, such as an abrupt develop and other mixing that you see your own battle inside a totally new light. Cuphead might be the best-finding sequence regarding the last decade, or at least more attractive. The very first circular is the fastest, nevertheless’s in addition completely free, this’s where you should start with. Here, your player will take your own character associated with explorer once you are another try perfect librarian.
Star Wars: Jedi Starfighter
Ubisoft their originator behind this latest tv show, is what makes the meaning and also to gameplay know-how rather additional compared to some other Assassin’s tv series. The reasons why, the experience is known for their sequence aspect Covert at this point, a casino game with a pirate combat design which is on the one hand is practically deviated far from the existing show. The player round created byDennaton Matches,with unveiled its 2nd series, is really well worth to tackle. According to pixel files in order to Techno melodious, making the round bing search average is convinced forceful.
Parking Fury 3d: Beach City
There’s all right from the type matches you can actually golf ball meets. If this sounds like an individual type of skills, you will find some top meets look into. For any peaceful world-developing, check out Ultimate Environment step two, a nourishing straight urban area-design circular devote space. Fights that might started to gun struggles, vehicle chases as well as good ol’ designed fisticuffs. If you wish a magic pill to help relieve all of the damaging cravings, and other are only looking to blow aside a unique steam, our matter meets are fantastic for one. Our very own pair of Factors Fights happens to be aggressive rewarding for anyone who can play your very own visceral fun for the Eerie Are priced at your managed mess involving plan of action speak to sequence enjoy Heli-copter Violence.
What Are Games Like
Just what efficient armour distance associated with T-32’s top glacis? Armour penetration, angles, weak points – that’s the issues learn. Wargaming’s primary free of cost-to-sporting events WW2 sequence is actually addicted to tanks, therefore the subject Realm of Tanks. It’s filled with a in-depth arm networks in order to caterpillar audio for you to salivate around in past times rolling to the combat. Numerous this sort of remarkable units can be researched, unlocked, as well as to purchased whenever you victory knowledge in order to equipment from every aggravating complement.
Cannon Ball
FreeOnlineGames.com writes certain best matches available, every bit of at no cost to try out. We great pride our-self in the giving our very own owners with unique also to pleasant grateful to you can keep them amused. So if you’re interested in meets for youngsters or even merely blow at a distance the number one bit vapor and make use of right up a short while, feel free to email or experiences all of that this site offers so to resume sporting events additional with his fits. We’ve assortment free of charge suits for the children, and also to catch up with a favourite Animation Route heroes when associated with night! Knowledge suits, quizzes, secret games, factors, action and sporting suits all are right here on how to hear. Help Gumball in order to Darwin eliminate Elmore of our own nice no-cost round, Elmore Break?
Set endless whole version meets legitimately and play brick and mortar on your Glass computer or laptop desktop computer. Football this package upgraded and many other complicated version of your very own traditional card game. Hi eerie other individuals, the players, or ghosts who like suits. We have been grateful to could you be back for the 2nd annual rounded-up of your best modern horror fits. This coming year you aggressive yourself throughout the major beautiful meta-genre from the monster games.We are delighted to share that CMCL Innovations has been selected to join the Climate Resilience Demonstrator (CReDo) project. The project aims at delivering a digital twin that connects data across multiple infrastructure domains such as water, telecoms and power networks, in order to help improve resilience measures across critical infrastructure.
Dr Jethro Akroyd, CMCL’s Principal Engineer highlights that, “this work offers an excellent opportunity for CMCL to collaborate in the development of the National Digital Twin using a dynamic Knowledge Graph approach and demonstrate cross-domain interoperability, working alongside the domain and digitalisation experts from the CReDo project.”
With the start of the crucial COP26 summit in Glasgow, the CReDo team will hold a webinar on 2nd of November 2021. Join the panel of technical experts, asset owners and climate specialists to learn about the project and participate in the launch of a short film by BAFTA award winning director Colin O’Toole, and an interactive tool showing how connected digital twins create infrastructure resilience.
Join us at the event to hear more! Register here.
Read More about CReDo here.Luxury baby gear brand Nuna knows that cuddle time with your kiddos is precious, and that’s what inspired the brand’s newest product: CUDL.
This new baby carrier helps parents keep their babies close and secure, while also enabling parents to be hands free. The mesh fabric, padded shoulder straps and waist belt help keep parent and baby cool and comfortable, while still being customizable. Nuna took things one step further with magnetic buckles, making this one of the easiest baby carriers to use — no more ties and tough buckles.
“We’re thrilled to be introducing CUDL to the market,” said Nicole Hahn, Nuna’s global marketing director, in a press release. “CUDL focuses on both safety and comfort and provides a great way for parents to carry their child around, hands free.”
The Nuna CUDL comes with an integrated infant booster that keeps babies less than 4 months old facing in and snuggled up close, so there’s no need to purchase extra infant insert. As your child grows and wants to explore the world, the carrier can be outward facing or switch to backpack mode for growing toddlers. This baby carrier also was acknowledged as a hip-healthy product by the International Hip Dysplasia Institute.
This baby carrier can be used from newborn to 3 years old, or 8-35 pounds. The Nuna CUDL comes in three colors: Aspen, Caviar, and Frost. Other features that come with the Nuna CUDL include two sets of GOTS certified organic cotton bibs, a customizable hood to keep your child shaded outdoors, and an innovative leg opening button adjustment for smaller babies.
The Nuna CUDL costs $199.95 and can be purchased online or in-store at Nordstrom, Dillard’s, Pottery Barn Kids and specialty baby stores.The 17th of March is known as the day we celebrate one of the biggest festivities in the world; St. Patrick’s Day. Each year, people from across the globe come together to pay tribute to the patron saint of Ireland and the intriguing Irish culture!
However, this Paddy’s Day* will be like no other before (check out the glossary below to fully understand the Irish terms that will be mentioned throughout this blog, each will have an asterisk next to it just like this one has!).
Let’s Look Back at Past St. Paddy’s Day Celebrations and Get Excited for the Ones Ahead!
Ireland may be special, but the country or its national day is not exempted from how things have changed in the world over the last 12 months. And therefore, due to the pandemic, there won’t be any St. Patrick’s Day parties or parades this year. But that doesn’t mean we can’t look back at previous celebrations and allow ourselves to get excited for when we get to mark the occasion once more in the future!
Considering that Premier TEFL is an Irish company, we couldn’t be more eager to reach a time when we will be able to safely enjoy our national festival together again. Saying that we can all still get so much joy from simply reflecting on the good times that have already gone by in the past. And interestingly enough, some of those haven’t even been in Ireland!
St. Patrick’s Day In Ireland
Now don’t get us wrong, the events that are organized here are great. There are always local parades in each town across the country, as well as huge ones in big cities like Dublin, Cork, Limerick, and Galway. Paddy’s Day really is one of the biggest dates in the Irish calendar. The craic* is always absolutely mighty!
Everyone dresses up in green, with children planning their outfits for weeks in advance. The youngsters love being immersed into the crowds of people, trying their best to get a glimpse at the hundreds of parade floats, marching bands, dancers, gymnasts, acrobats, soldiers, and celebs that pass by. They get their face painted and guilt their parents into buying them balloons, flags, or whatever other St. Patrick’s Day merchandise is being sold, before heading away to the nearest bouncy castle party.
And speaking of parties, the adults celebrate for days on end during these festivities. Every bar, restaurant, pub, and club is full to the brim of grown men wearing green wigs or leprechaun* hats, with the ladies wearing fake shamrocks* in their hair and “Kiss Me, I’m Irish!” t-shirts
View this post on Instagram
St. Patrick’s Day Around the World
But because St. Patrick’s Day is recognized worldwide and the occasion is celebrated on such a huge global scale, the best Paddy’s Day events have taken place in many countries other than the Emerald Isle* itself. In fact, lots of our own TEFL teachers have been lucky enough to experience how the day is marked whilst on their travels abroad. So here is a roundup of their favorite foreign locations to enjoy the iconic Irish festival:
1. Singapore City, Singapore
The St. Patrick’s Day Parade that takes place in Singapore City is the largest celebration in Southeast Asia. These guys are so devoted to the special day that they even dye the Singapore river green!
Not only that, but the people also dress up in costumes and run fun activities throughout the town. From seeing the awesome Harley – Davidson convoy lead the pack at the main event, to enjoying the music, dancing, and drinking that goes on afterward, Singapore’s attempt at praising the Irish will not disappoint.
» Accredited TEFL Course – Your Free Ticket to Singapore?
2. Montserrat, West Indies
Montserrat in the West Indies is a small island, just like Ireland. In fact, it’s even known as the Emerald Isle of the Caribbean. But the difference is that this place is volcanic, and boy, is the St. Patrick’s Day celebration a blast!
Montserrat is the only country other than Ireland where Paddy’s Day is considered to be a public holiday. The celebration’s here actually last longer than even the Irish ones themselves as they go on for a full ten days. There are two reasons as to why this occasion holds such significance to the Montserrat people, one of which is quite the opposite of what St. Patrick’s Day might mean to the majority of others around the world.
Like everywhere else, one of the reasons for the St. Patrick’s Day Parade in Montserrat is to acknowledge Irish culture and influence. However, Paddy’s Day also acts as a time to remember when ten white Europeans (seven of them being Irish) tried to colonize this Caribbean island in the 17th century. Thankfully the Irish attempt to enslave the Montserrat locals was unsuccessful as there were brave locals to put a stop to it. Therefore, making the second reason for the celebrations a time to mark the country’s independence and appreciate those who fought for it.
So, amongst the Irish jigs* and colorful top hats*, whips are also part of the St. Patrick’s Day Parade. This is done to mock the failure of the Irish attempt to take over Montserrat and honor the indigenous people who rebelled against it. We are glad both our countries can now celebrate the public holiday and have a good time, despite the bad history. All in all, it is definitely safe to say that this country’s St. Patrick’s Day festival stands out from the crowd!
» Best Teach English Abroad Destinations For Beach Lovers!
3. Tokyo, Japan
The capital of Japan is another place that you will be sure to find plenty of celebrations on March 17th. The Tokyo St. Patrick’s Day Parade started in 1992 as a way to introduce Irish culture into Japan, and it’s only gotten bigger and better ever since!
The fun event is the perfect family-friendly street party. Children and parents enjoy marching bands, Irish dancers and musicians, face painting, and even get to pet Irish Wolfhounds*. And when the daytime celebrations have ended, the nighttime ones begin to start. Adults flock to the streets with so much green clothing you could almost believe you’re in Temple Bar* and flee to the few Irish pubs around in order to secure a safe place to go raise their pints in honor of Ireland’s patron saint, Patrick.
And that’s not even the end of it. More celebrations are held on the weekend of St. Patrick’s Day. The “I Love Ireland Festival” continues to pay more appreciation to Irish culture and with over 100,000 visitors, it is a brilliant way to strengthen the already beautiful bond that exists between Japanese and Irish people.
» No Man Better in Japan, Meet Sheldon: Top TEFL Teacher
View this post on Instagram
4. Buenos Aires, Argentina
Argentina is home to the largest Irish community in a non-English-speaking country, so it is no surprise that Buenos Aires goes big on St. Patrick’s Day. Half a million Irish people, plus all the locals and visitors, start their day by attending the first event that is called BA Celebra Irlanda. This is an open-air festival, and though it might not be a parade as such, the craic is still mighty (there’s that term again)!
After enjoying the folk dancing and experiencing some traditional Irish food, as well as a U2* tribute band, the rest of the celebrations start to begin. As Buenos Aires is the capital of Argentina, this place has plenty of pubs and clubs to go party the night away. Between sports bars hosting 13 hours long St. Paddy’s Day events, brewing companies offering lucky attendees to win beer barrels, and of course the option of going on the old reliable pub crawl, you’ll be sure to have a good time on St. Patrick’s Day in this Argentinian city.
» Meet Lorena, TEFL teacher in Argentina
5. Dubai, U.A.E
Forget the phrase painting the town red because it’s more like lighting it up green when you see what Dubai does for St. Paddy’s Day!
In 2019, the world’s tallest building, the Burj Khalifa, was added to the “Global Greenings”. This is when iconic buildings light up green to pay tribute to Ireland’s National Day, and it will be Dubai’s third year participating in 2021. There is even an Irish village in the midst of this major city and of course it is the center of attention each time March 17th comes around!
Ok well when we say village, it might just be a big pub with a large outdoor area. But, that sounds like heaven for anyone from Ireland and guarantees people from all walks of life get a true Irish experience when they visit the place, especially on St. Patrick’s Day! The 3-day event is known for the immense fun that takes place there, including a petting zoo, face painting, and bouncy castles for children. But for any thirsty TEFL teachers, they’ll be glad to know there are plenty of traditional Irish bands to listen to and loads of Irish dancers to watch whilst sipping away on a pint of the Black Stuff*.
» 8 Must-See Places while Teaching in Taiwan
View this post on Instagram
St. Patrick’s Day Celebrations Will Come Again
So depending on where you are in the world, the usual St. Patrick’s Day celebrations may or may not be going ahead this year. But like we have seen, the Paddy’s Day events that have taken place in the past have been pretty damn awesome. And they will come again!
Despite the circumstances we are living through now, it is important to keep hopeful and look forward to the good times that will return. And the parties that will happen worldwide on each March 17th will definitely be one of them!
If you haven’t attended an Irish festival abroad, doing a TEFL course and becoming a TEFL teacher in a foreign country is the perfect way to fix that problem. We provide a variety of teaching English courses and there is a huge demand for these types of jobs in all the countries listed above. In fact, we even have paid TEFL internships in or near some of them.
And So Will Your Chances to Travel Too
Check out the career opportunities we offer in Buenos Aires, Argentina to work in South America. This trip will get you closer to visiting the likes of Montserrat in the West Indies, not to mention the other beautiful Caribbean Islands of the Bahamas and Barbados! Likewise, take a look at the plenty of internships we do in Asia. Countries such as Cambodia, China, Myanmar, Taiwan, and Thailand are waiting to be discovered. And by working here, you can easily jet off to nearby Singapore, Tokyo, and Dubai for your holidays! Sounds ideal, right?
» Will Davies living it up in Vietnam
Get TEFL Certified Now, So You Can Be Prepared to Live Your Dream Later
Well, it’s time to turn your travel dreams into a reality. Remember studying a TEFL course and getting your TEFL certification is the first step in pursuing these plans, and what better time to complete something like this than when there is nothing much else to be doing in the world.
Book your TEFL course today, so you can be prepared to travel at the word “go”. Do your future self a favor and prepare for the moment when you can start living your dream. Come on board with us now and thank yourself later. And who knows, maybe you and the Premier TEFL team will find themselves drinking pints in an Irish bar on Paddy’s Day in a country you never would have imagined even visiting, never mind working in. We’re looking forward to it already, are you?
View this post on Instagram
Glossary for All Those Irish Terms:
Paddy’s Day: The informal (but just as popular) way of referring to St. Patrick’s Day.
Craic: Fun, e.g – “He’s great craic!”.
Leprechaun: A mystical character from Irish folklore. Leprechauns are depicted as short men with red beards. They are dressed in green suits and top hats, who hide their pots of gold at the ends of rainbows, and are known for getting up to mischief. On the contrary to popular belief, Ireland does not actually have leprechauns. Like said, they are part of the folklore, meaning they are fictional.
Shamrock: 3 leafed plant which represents luck and used as the national emblem of Ireland after St. Patrick made it a metaphor for the Christian Holy Trinity. Not to be confused with the 4 leafed plant, which is indeed; a clover.
An Irish jig: An Irish dance! Known in Ireland as Irish dancing and takes place at Gaelic gatherings called a céilí.
A top hat: Tall hats that were traditionally worn by Irish men, but now usually only seen on St. Patrick’s Day as part of Paddy’s Day costumes.
Irish Wolfhound: A very large dog that is bred in Ireland, and due to its substantial size often featured in Irish literature and mythology.
Temple Bar: The center of Dublin city’s nightlife, as well as one of the most popular tourist attractions in Ireland.
U2: The most successful band to come from Ireland. This rock band began in the late 70s and are still extremely popular to this day. Their lead singer, Bono, is considered to be one of the most famous Irish people in history, and Irish people are very proud of how big the band became despite originating in such a small country.
Black Stuff: Guinness, e.g – “I’ll order a pint of the Black Stuff”. Highly recommended by all Irish people.
View this post on Instagram usage of paper, panel or canvas. Artists suggest that just maybe the traditional media as we know it, is passé when it comes to creating art. Contemporary artists are using just about anything they can get their hands on to display their work. Used teabags, recycled Denim fabric and a wooden floor become materials turned to masterpieces.
Henri Matisse (1869-1954) – Memory of Oceania (1952-53)
Henri Matisse was one of the first artists of the 20th century to depart from the classic method of applying paint onto canvas. While he is known for his “traditional” paintings, towards the end of his life he broke away from paint and canvas and pulled out his scissors. The actual reason for this change was that in 1941 Matisse was diagnosed with abdominal cancer and underwent surgery that left him wheelchair and bed bound. Painting and sculpture had become a physical challenge, so he turned to a new type of medium.
With the help of his assistants, Matisse began creating collages made of cut paper. He would cut sheets of paper, pre-painted them with gouache and cut them into shapes of varying colours and sizes. He would then arranged them to form various compositions.
Memory of Oceania (1952-53) is a good example of Matisse’s work during this era. This work is part of The Museum of Modern Art collection in New York.
Ruby Silvious (b. 1955) – Miniature watercolor painted on used Tea bags
Visual artist and graphic designer Ruby Silvious is internationally recognized artist. She creates her art by repurposing her used tea bags, which she uses as canvas.
What has resulted is an extensive body of work, including several series documenting her travels and daily life. Ruby has created miniature paintings on tea bags for over last 5 years. Ruby started this project as a way to expand her artistic practice and challenge traditional views around what is considered art.
Her tea bags paintings, inspired by her travels around the world, have been featured in numerous publications including CNN Travel, The Guardian, Der Spiegel, Good Morning America/ABC News, and the internationally syndicated TV show ‘Ripley’s Believe it or Not’.
Ruby was educated in the U.S. and Asia, and she currently lives and works in New York’s Hudson Valley. Her art is exhibited internationally, and is featured in public and private collections.
Deniz Sağdıç (b.1982) – Artist uses scraps of Denim fabric to create Realistic Portraits
Most artists use conventional media such as graphite or paint to create realistic portraits, others find ways to use more unconventional materials. Turkish multimedia artist Deniz Sağdıç has developed a diverse body of work by upcycling fabrics. She uses scraps of denim to create highly realistic detailed portraits.
To do this, Deniz collects countless denim materials in a variety of blue hues. She then cuts the fabric into squares, rectangles, or long strips and applies them to a canvas or board.
The way in which she arranges each individual piece is similar to traditional painting, in which the paler shades of fabric are used for more illuminated areas of the face, and the darker pieces are used for the shadows. This combination of modeling and texture give these portraits a three-dimensional striking quality.
Deniz does not waste any part of the material. Some pieces are just flat swatches, some are the waistband, the belt loops, and the sections with copper rivets.
Selva Aparicio (b. 1984) – A Hand-Carves ornate patterned “Rug” on a wooden floor
Spanish artist Selva Aparicio creates thought-provoking installations that bring different issues environmental, political, and social to light. This hand carved floor rug was Selva’s MFA (Master of Fine Arts) thesis installation at Yale University entitled Childhood Memories.
Through this visually stunning piece, Selva exposed personal memories with a decorative object for the home. The size of the ‘carpet’ is (3m x 4.6m).
While carpets are usually used to cover the floor, Selva immortalizes her experiences by hand carving a tapestry directly into wooden flooring. From a distance, the carpet resembles a real tapestry. It is only when the viewer gets closer that one can see the countless details Selva carved into the piece to emulate a 3D object.
Tassels are strewn about in different directions, the corner is flipped, and the design resembles a traditional Persian carpet design. Selva carefully chiseled away at the oak floor to create a white and brown contrast in the floral pattern.
The artist has installations on display the Museum of Contemporary Art Chicago until May 2, 2021.
3 thoughts on “Unconventional Canvases: Part 1 – Rachel Levin, Art Lecturer”
Thank you, Rachel. I’m in awe of the creativity of these artists. Not in a million years would I have thought of painting teabags, new or discarded. They’re really quite beautiful. Ditto the blue jean portraits. They are all quite extraordinary.
Thanks, Rachel. very interesting & so unusual. A good education for me. Mitzi Cohen
I AM IN AWE NOT ONLY OF THESE ARTISTS CREATIVITY, BUT THEIR INGENIOUS ABILITY TO THINK OF THESE UNUSUAL ART MATERIALS.Super Automatic Espresso Machines
Jura Impressa F8 TFT Review
You won’t want to miss our detailed Jura Impressa F8 TFT review. This is a masterpiece of specialty coffee engineering by any definition!
Saeco Incanto HD8917/47 and HD8917/48 Carafe Review
If you’re looking for one-touch convenience, don’t miss our detailed review of the Saeco Incanto HD8917/47 super-automatic coffee machine!
Gaggia Brera Espresso Machine Review
Check out our detailed Gaggia Brera espresso machine review. This model is proof that sometimes, big things do come in small packages!
Saeco Exprelia EVO Automatic Espresso Machine Review
You won’t want to miss our detailed review of the magnificent Saeco Exprelia EVO automatic espresso machine. An absolutely stunning model!
Krups EA9010 Review – Espresso Machine Ratings
Be sure to check out our detailed Krups EA9010 review. This superautomatic does everything but your laundry! Must see to believe.
Jura A9 Review – Impressa One Touch Espresso Machine
Be sure to check out our detailed Jura A9 review before you make a final purchase decision. A good machine, but only for certain users!
Jura ENA Micro 1 Coffee Machine Review
Check out our in-depth Jura ENA Micro 1 super automatic espresso machine review before you buy. Some other model may serve your needs better!
Quick Mill Monza Deluxe Reviews – Espresso Machines
Check out our detailed Quick Mill Monza Deluxe review before you make a purchasing decision. There may be a better fit for you!
Jura Impressa C60 vs C65 Espresso Machine Reviews
Be sure to check out our detailed review of the Jura Impressa C60 espresso machine, and its sister model, the C65 before you buy!
Saeco GranBaristo Avanti Review – Espresso Machines
Be sure to check out our in-depth Saeco Granbaristo Avanti review. An amazing, bleeding edge machine with a surprising weakness…
- 1
- 2
- 3
- …
- 5
- Next Page »Sleep a Little Large Pennant Flag
£25.00
This product is currently sold out.
We are very excited to introduce these new large pennant flags to our collection! Perfect bold wall art that requires no framing…YAY! This design is one of our very favourites, “Sleep a Little, Dream a Lot” - perfect for kids bedrooms!
Size: 30 x 38cm Approximately _0<<
Search posts by keywords:
Filter posts by author:
NelsonHall's 2014 - 2018 HRO BPO Market ForecastJ &[...][...]
Demand for Multi-Country Services Drives Growth in HROJun 18, 2014, by Gary Bragar
Per NelsonHall’s HR Outsourcing Confidence Index (HROCI), around one third of HRO contracts signed in Q4 2013 were for services in multiple countries. There were multi-country deal signings across all HRO service lines, the highest number being in RPO and payroll. RPO In 2013 nearly one third of all deal signings were multi-country, up from a quarter in 2010. M[...]
Staffing Firm TrueBlue Expands Services in RPO/MSP and Opens New Markets Thru $310m Acquisition of SeatonCorpJun 02, 2014, by Gary Bragar
TrueBlue announced on Monday it is to acquire U.S. based RPO and MSP provider SeatonCorp. TrueBlue is a specialist staffing organization that supports staffing and also provides onsite management services which will complement the RPO, MSP services of SeatonCorp. The SeatonCorp business beng acquired includes its: RPO businesses: PeopleScout (U.S based)&nb[...]
Hello Cielo!May 21, 2014, by Gary Bragar
Cielo is Pinstripe & Ochre House's new brand, launched last week at its Talent Rising client forum and analyst day. The rebrand has been expected since the merger six months ago of Pinstripe and Ochre House. From its key offerings of RPO, search and talent consulting services, the event focused on how to engage the wider business in the talent discussion as well as how servi[...]
GP Strategies: Looking at International ExpansionMay 01, 2014, by Gary Bragar
GP Strategies is focused on global expansion. Its non-U.S. business accounted for 22% of global revenues in Q1 2014. Continued global deployment at its soon-to-be largest client HSBC will add to international growth this year. In Q1 2014 deployment of services to HSBC commenced in the U.S., Canada, U.K. and Hong Kong. Additional geographies to be deployed in 2014[...][...]
Ceridian Analyst Day: HR and Payroll in the Cloud: Spotlight on DayforceMar 25, 2014, by Gary Bragar
Last week, NelsonHall attended Ceridian’s analyst event. Ceridian 2013 revenue excluding Comdata was ~$950m. Its cloud business generated ~$100m in revenue and is growing at ~35%. Much of the focus of the event was on its Dayforce cloud HCM platform which provides: Payroll, including tax Benefits, e.g. annual enrollment Recruitment / talent, the most recent [...]
NelsonHall Launches “Speed-to-Source” Vendor Evaluation Tool for RPOFeb 13, 2014, by Gary Bragar
N busin[...]
IBM Connect 2014: Spotlight on KenexaFeb 04, 2014, by Gary Bragar
The theme of last week’s IBM Connect Conference was Energizing Life’s Work. There was also a concurrent Kenexa World Conference which joined the IBM Connect general sessions. When IBM acquired Kenexa for $1.3bn in December 2012 (with Kenexa integrated into IBM’s Software Group and operationally aligned to IBM GPS), much was written at the time of how this would strengthen IBM&[...]
NelsonHall Launches “Speed-to-Source” Vendor Evaluation Tool for Learning BPOJan[...]
NelsonHall’s HR Program Just Gets BiggerJan 22, 2014, by Gary Bragar
NelsonHall’s HR team has undertaken a review of our programs and in response to customer feedback and market requests and will be launching a Managed Services Program (MSP) in 2014. The MSP program will supplement the already established HR programs: Multi-process HR BPO services. Payroll Services Benefits Administration Recruitment Process Outsourcing Learning BPO. T[...]
GP Strategies To Acquire Denmark's Effective-People and Effective-Learning Companies to Strengthen HCM CapabilityJan 17, 2014, by Gary Bragar
On January 17, 2014 GP Strategies announced its intent to acquire the Effective-People and Effective-Learning companies in Denmark to strengthen its HCM capability beyond learning. The two companies are part of the Effective Companies headquartered in Copenhagen. Their combined revenue in 2013 was $8.5m. Effective-People and Effective-Learning offer HCM technology for: Recruiting Onboar[...]
NelsonHall’s 2014 HRO Predictions By Service LineDec ren[...]
HR Technology Conference in Review: Spotlight on RPOOct 24, 2013, by Gary Bragar
This year’s 16th Annual HR Technology conference in Las Vegas had the highest turnout yet, 8,000 attendees. Below are highlights of just two of the sessions we attended, and of briefings with ManpowerGroup Solutions and Randstad Sourceright. All were focused on RPO: Pinstripe and Boehringer Ingelheim (BI) RPO Presentation Keys to success include: Client view of Pinstrip[...][...]
Learning Unleashed on Mobile: The E-learning Take IISep 27, 2013, by Gary Bragar
E-learning has been around for over 10 years, so what has changed? In a nutshell, the proliferation of employees with internet enabled devices. Last week, Raytheon hosted a symposium in London which considered how companies benefit from tapping into the social internet age to maximize learning value across employees and customers, and examples were provided with case studies. Whether you are st[...]
Why Companies Outsource Payroll - Some Key DriversJul 25, 2013, by Gary Bragar
On July 25 2013, MidlandHR was awarded a payroll BPO and HR software contract by UK General Insurance. This is a full payroll BPO contract with MidlandHR providing management and operations of payroll including: Processing of gross to net Data entry, both manual and electronic Provision of automated or manual calculations Checking of input, validation, sensibility checks, investig[...]
From Partnership To Merger In RPOJul 18, 2013, by Gary Bragar
On July 18, 2013 Pinstripe and Ochre House announced a merger to become a global RPO player. The combined company, Pinstripe Ochre House, includes TAAHEED and Carmichael Fisher, acquired by Ochre House in 2012 to expand its global RPO capability in the Middle East and North Africa. Globally the combined company has 767 employees and 88 clients served in 43 countries. U.S. based Pinstr[...]
Recent Learning Services Contracts Provides Optimization For Learning BPOJun 27, 2013, by Gary Bragar
In recent months there have been several significant learning services contracts. From mid-2008 to mid-2012, growth in learning services was adversely impacted by the recession with learning being one of the easiest budget items to cut back on and in many instances put completely on hold. However from mid-2012 to date there has been an increased level of contract activity. Looking at some [...]Uche Cecil Izuora
Africa Energy Ministers, consciously debated the critical role of natural gas
in the energy transition amid fears that security of energy supply may be threatened amid lackluster financing and pressure from developing countries to fast-track their transformation.
The Ministers nonetheless said African countries will rely heavily on fossils fuels like natural gas as Africa Oil Week conference opens in Dubai on Monday November 8.
Although the 55 African countries account for only 4 per cent of the world’s total emissions, they are being asked to implement energy transition policies while most countries have low access to electricity.
“When we say energy transition it does not exactly apply to Africa,” Amani Abou-Zeid, commissioner for infrastructure and energy of the African Union Commission, told the Africa Oil Week conference. “Our agenda is access to reliable and affordable energy.”
African countries want the global community and investors in particular to exploit their growing gas resources to be used as a transition fuel, ministers told Africa Oil Week.
“In addition to working to reduce emissions, we need support of investors because we need to exploit gas and we need more financing for that,” Senegal’s Minister of Petroleum and Energies Aissatou Sophie Gladima said.
Nearly 40 per cent of global new gas discoveries in the last decade were in Africa, mainly Senegal, Mauritania, Mozambique, Tanzania, with 17 countries producing gas, seven net exporters and seven net importers, according to the African Energy Commission.
However, over 45 per cent of African natural gas production is exported and the contribution of gas in energy balance is “minimal.”
Mauritania, which is developing the floating Greater Tortue Ahmeyim LNG project offshore with Senegal, wants the continent to be given time to tap its nascent oil and gas industry, said Abdessalam Saleh, minister of petroleum, mines and energy.
“As African countries we have just started to discover our own fossil fuels,” he said. “So, the big question for us is how we move along this dynamic of energy transition while optimizing the use of our fossil fuels.”
On November 2, Nigeria, committed to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2060 and President Muhammadu Buhari underlined the importance of gas as a transition fuel.
Buhari said for Nigeria and other African countries, gas should be embraced as “transitional fuel” and not be demonized.
Many financial institutions have come under pressure to reduce their funding for oil and gas businesses because of the large carbon footprint of such projects. These companies have already started to reduce their investments in oil and gas as part of their net zero carbon targets.
Abou-Zeid said the continent needs to encourage the use of gas over crude and other dirty fuels.
“We are pushing for gas-to-power despite the challenges we have,” she said. “It is not a secret that many developed countries are even pressuring multilateral financial institutions to stop making investments in natural gas. This is not fair.”
Some countries still rely heavily on coal for their power needs.
Botswana relies on coal for baseload power and its abundant supply of the commodity needs investment which is hard to come by because of a tougher financing environment, said Lefoko Moagi, minister for mineral resources, green technology & energy security. “We are saying exploit it [coal] responsibly,” Moagi said. “Those cleaner technologies should be exploited.”
Energy emissions in Africa are 1 ton of CO2 per capita, compared to a world average of 4.4 tons of CO2 per capita in 2019, based on International Energy Agency figures.
While 90 per cent of the global population has access to electricity, in sub-Saharan Africa only around 48 per cent enjoyed such access in 2019, according to IEA figures.
Africa is also a low consumer of oil products and needs investments in the energy sector, particularly in refining, to address the lack of power and energy infrastructure, according to Rashid Abdallah, executive director of the African Energy Commission.
While Africa produces about 10 million b/d of crude oil, around 80% is exported, he said.
“We are losing the advantage of having these resources,” Abdallah said. “In terms of electricity, you can see Africa is using or depending on fossil fuels for power generation. We are using very expensive electricity because we are depending on very expensive fuel.”You have no items in your cart. Want to get some nice things?Go shopping
The most reader-friendly textbook ever conceived. Dolores Umbridge has won the day! – New Guard Media
No other textbook is as pro-student. It is essential for any instructor who cares to protect all students (rather than merely those arbitrarily deemed to be worthy of protection). Dr. Istvan says it all. “The days of being exclusionary in our protection of students are done. . . Just imagine the horror of seeing your classmate allowed to skip the Greek mythology readings because of their incest-references whereas you must push on through repeated mentions of hair, glorious heads of curly hair, that leave you sobbing in desperate struggle not to let your hair-pulling disorder reawaken. Just imagine being in a law class where your professor has cut discussion of rape law as a courtesy to those sensitive to rape and yet has the audacity to go on to discuss food law even when there are students in the room who know people, loved ones even, who have developed cancers from certain additives.” – The Emancipated Student
A straightforward answer to what has proven to be the most abusive trigger for students in recent decades: that merely some of them were being granted protection from triggers! – The New Academy
A one-stop-shop textbook sensitive to the fact that the aggrieved are entitled to recompense and that no aggression is small enough to fail to be macro-aggression. – Counselor Riot
However diligent one is at padding table corners, the only way to ensure no one gets hurt is to remove the tables! Thanks to Safe Space Press we can now say, “If you’re not happy, you’re not paying attention.” – Cancel
Until now I would have said that no single-volume could ever be a one-size-fits-all college textbook. Had I such a textbook when I was in school, a blankness of subtle and soothing cream, my therapist would be out of a job. – Mercy Ott, English professor at Joliet College
The excellence of the fourth edition, which includes a bonus chapter on how to report your professor to authorities, is summarised in the following lines from Dr. Istvan’s moving introduction: “To expose students, in the very safe space of the classroom, to what they might find displeasing is, point blank, for teachers to be unfaithful to their academic obligations. . . A student triggered, triggered in any way, is a student whose attention is being harassed away from learning and reflective thinking.” What is novel about this new edition from Safe Space Press, a press that prioritises inviting students rather than challenging them, is that it honours an obvious truth that for so many decades educators have lacked the courage to honour: that students deserve to be protected from all triggers if they deserve to be protected from some. – Bipartisan Correctness
I had to report my professor. Hearing the word “scatological” in the classroom, especially from a heterosexual cis-gendered man in red, made me feel unsafe. Traumatised as I was by the word (and not to mention by being made out to feel like officer Karen of the PC police when I found myself so affected by hearing it), I was able to craft an effective letter to administration thanks to the advice laid out in the much-appreciated bonus chapter “Turn Them In NOW.” Let’s just say that my “professor” will no longer be spreading his “teachings.” – Devona Zing, business student at Scarsdale College
My teacher is, or I should say, was a rape-apologist. After I told her how much her classroom environment triggered me, she suggested I was being overly sensitive (or even manipulative). When I kept complaining (out of personal dignity and self-care), she asked me why I continue to stay in the class if it is such a violent place. When I told her that was my business, she suggested that I might be secretly enjoying it. “Some of the most traumatised do stay in the class despite the trigger warnings,” she had the audacity to write, “because – much like the rough-sex penchant some develop from early abuse – they are subconsciously turned on by, and seeking out ways to relive, the trauma.” Dr. Istvan’s textbook gave me the voice to report my professor. More importantly, it reminds us all that, personal as triggers are, we should never let trigger-warning professors say that our peculiar triggers do not count. Unless it is just a flagrant ploy to enforce certain norms and values over others – if person A is allowed to opt out of coursework because its talk of Islam triggers person A, then person B is also allowed to opt out of coursework because its sheer difficulty triggers person B. – Anne C., student at McGovern Academy
Dinosaur professors who enabled systemic abuse to continue under the banner of “exposing students to what unnerves them” and of “changing the victimising language of ‘safe space’ into the empowering language of ‘brave space’” turned out to be right about one thing: Censoring offensiveness is a slippery slope. And in the fourth-edition textbook from Safe Space Press, which has slid down all the way to the bottom, students have finally been put first. The only potential negative about the book is that it will undercut so many livelihoods. I am not just talking about the livelihoods of abusive professors (go to michaelistvan.com to see a growing list of such professors, by the way). A book like this purges so many members of the victim category, and so severely bars entrance to the victim category, that those who have been profiting for so long on victim culture – litigators, university officials, and so on – are going to be facing some tough times. – The Invalidated
For decades academic institutions have failed to honour the precedent that students are to be sheltered from what unsettles them. Yes, some textbooks were censored just as some speakers were cancelled. The keyword here is “some.” The exclusionary practice of doing away with merely some textbooks and with merely some speakers, which we have tolerated long enough, is insensitive to the fact that what survives such halfhearted censorship is bound to unsettle someone. The new release from Safe Space Press, a ray of light that boldly strips away practically all course content, is a giant leap toward cancelling the unjustly exclusionary practice of sheltering merely some students. One can only hope that those in positions to invite speakers to campus will get the hint! – Aggrieved Daily
Rocketing beyond all competitors with a mere 100-page textbook that removes virtually all possible sources of trauma, Safe Space Press has brought into reality the full implications of coursework-opt-out practices. And with its bonus chapter, “Turn Them In NOW,” the latest edition goes beyond simply protecting students: It arms them! Providing both a sample letter of grievance as well as a pep talk for those under the misimpression that their grievances are too mild to be worthy of retribution, the bonus chapter will help ensure the termination of all professors failing to prioritise students (not just the adjuncts). The chickens have come home to roost. – Higher Education Network For Welcoming Climates
Never stand for someone trying to invalidate your experience. Your trauma is a trauma. No one has to sanction it as worthy enough for it to count as trauma or for you to be entitled to retaliation. “Fragility is grounds not for embarrassment but for entitlement.” That is the message of the fourth edition. As professor Istvan makes clear in the bold and therapeutic chapter “Turn them in NOW,” “Your professor does not have to defend Palestine . . . or show you the secret parts of the human anatomy to be destroying your life! Just as the freshman who was raped a few weeks ago is not ready to face course readings that mention rape, the freshman who witnessed her mother on the deathbed a few weeks ago groaning ‘and and and and and and’ is not ready to face course readings where the word ‘and’ is thrown about as if no big deal (insensitively appearing almost in every sentence).” We are ready for the message. We have been ready for a long time. – Me Too, You Too
This year has proven to be the twilight of dysfunction. First, we learned that Pennsylvania will rename its offensively named cities (Blue Ball, Intercourse, Climax, Virginville, Moreheadville, Reamstown, Coon Hunter, Honey Hole, Honey Pot, Nazareth). Second, we learned that both New York’s Museum of Sex and Los Angeles’s Museum of Death have been shut down. Third, we learned that Lego, notorious for its insensitivities to various groups, has stopped production of pretty much all sets. Fourth, we learned that even the medical writings of white supremacist John Locke have been banned from higher education along with the disgusting likes of Twain and Melville. Fifth, we learned of a new amendment that will repeal the due process clauses in earlier amendments and so allow more immediate cancelation of offenders. And now the cherry on top: a college textbook from Safe Space Press that leaves nothing to offend our future world leaders. Nothing upsetting is safe from cancellation, even the most entrenched aspects of our cultural legacy! – Margin Wise
Stickering everything with trigger warnings not only failed to protect students (for various reasons expressed in Dr. Istvan’s introduction), it became too cumbersome for professors. How are professors, to give just one example, to warn those students who are triggered by trigger warnings themselves? I do not doubt that there are ways: staging a scenario, for instance, where such students can overhear the professor tell someone else how traumatic some found the course content. But surely that is just too much work for professors, work that is unnecessary with thoroughgoing censorship. Besides, how are professors even to know which students are triggered by trigger warnings? The new textbook from Safe Space Press, which goes so far as to blunt the borders of each page so that no one gets cut, streamlines everything. – Susan DeMann, author of Accusations and Perceived Wrongs Spell G.U.I.L.T.: Gutless Uncaring Intellectuals Loving Trauma
The left tried to cancel this. The right tried to cancel that. What was excusable for students to opt out of according to one faction was not excusable for students to opt out of according to the other faction. The result? Like bawling children in urine-leaden pampers clutching stuffed animals while their parents warred about how best to raise them, students were forgotten in the middle of enraged disputes concerning how best to shelter them from classroom trauma. Still vulnerable to so many harms and not to mention further traumatised by all the warring taking place “on their behalf,” it was students who lost in the end. That was until a social-worker voice of reason swooped in. “Enough,” Dr. Istvan yelled, directing the factions to look down at their feet to the little child now so desperate to be picked up that its raised arms have let the teddy bear fall to the floor – neglect breeding neglect. But Dr. Istvan does not simply implore us, “Think of the child!” Backed by Safe Space Press, he also supplies the antidote – the very motto of Safe Space Press: censoring, silencing, shaming (taken to the limit)! – Rated Never
Some of us are old enough to remember the days when the efforts to protect students failed to go beyond using euphemism to cover over the unpleasantness of certain realities: “assembly centres” instead of “extermination camps,” or “innovative love” instead of “child abuse,” or “material liberation” instead of “looting,” or “the x in your care” instead of “the x in your possession,” or “manifold glazing” instead of “bukkake,” or “self-loving and self-respecting and self-caring” instead of “sissy and hypersensitive and prudish.” These proved insufficient, of course. Euphemism – as in using the innocuous term “depression” to describe an extreme mental state of destructive darkness, or as in simply calling the ready-to-strike scorpion “buddy” – can make a horror stand out even more forcefully. After pressures to recognise that “student” is a protected category, trigger warnings entered the picture. But these, too, even when they successfully alerted students to material that might not be aligned with their own values and ways of speaking, proved to be insufficient. These proved to be insufficient, mere bandages on a deeper problem, since even trauma for which one is prepared is still trauma, and since there are bound to be triggers for which trigger warnings fail to prepare students, and since there would have to be a trigger warning for everything since everything is a potential trigger. Things drastically improved by allowing students to opt out of triggering material (instead of being merely notified of it beforehand). Opt-out practices, of course, also proved insufficient at protecting students. After all, students were not allowed to opt out of everything and, besides, mere description of the material that students were allowed to opt out of, even when augmented with the evasive tool of euphemism, still exposed students at least to the abstract idea of what they were allowed to opt out of, which was traumatic enough. Professor Istvan’s new textbook, cocooned with the blessings of Safe Space Press, is the fourth step: elimination of almost anything that could offend students. To be sure, there is still room for offense. Istvan himself admits that this textbook is not a cure all. “Short of the ‘final solution’ of altogether snuffing out . . . humans,” the textbook must be coupled, so he tells us, with the appropriate painkillers and antidepressants to be thoroughly effective. – Offense Culture
Understanding that even competent revision of materials would leave something offensive in its wake, Safe Space Press has effectively burned it all. – Moral High Ground
A true safe space, which only Dr. Istvan’s textbook makes possible, is a safe space for humans, not for ideas and speech. Dr. Istvan has brought us miles ahead to realising the beyond-mere-lip-service empathetic classroom environment that bell hooks envisioned so long ago in Teaching to Transgress. “Any radical pedagogy must insist that everyone’s presence is acknowledged. That insistence cannot be simply stated. It has to be demonstrated through pedagogical practices. To begin, the professor must genuinely value every one’s presence. There must be an ongoing recognition that everyone influences the classroom dynamic, that everyone contributes. . . To teach in a manner that respects and cares for the souls of our students is essential if we are to provide the necessary conditions where learning can most deeply and intimately begin.” – Sue Beatty, author of The Infinite Risks of Higher Learning
Serious emotional reactions to course content is not a signal that the student needs to go to therapy or prioritise “getting mentally tougher” over “getting an education.” It is a signal that something is wrong with the course content! Thank you, Dr. Istvan. – Juan Campbell, student at Northsouthern College
Just as a jogger is prone to take routes other than her preferred one if she is frequently catcalled by construction workers, students harassed in class are prone to avoid participating – or even coming altogether! And guess what such exclusion allows? It allows business to go on as usual: The classroom policy of abuse remains unchallenged when the abused keep their heads low. Dr. Istvan, however, has eliminated all the construction workers and thereby even the mere threat of catcalls! – Humanity Confirmed
Professor Istvan does an excellent job at ridding the classroom of as much mental discomfort as possible. Comfort, however, is not just a mental-emotional matter, but also a physical-spatial matter. In light of the fact that students are not pure spirits, we still have much work to do when it comes to the physicality of the classroom. How can there be just one style of chair for every student, for example? A chair that is comfy for you may be unfit for me: too small, too big, too unsupportive, too supportive, or so on. In a classroom setting, students should not be paying attention to their bodies above everything else. And yet when the chair does not fit, when I keep squirming to ease the sciatica pain the chair is causing me, guess what? My body comes to the fore in its awkwardness, backgrounding any educational information. Just as much as an uncomfortable course topic, an uncomfortable physical space not only distracts from learning, but also sends the wrong message to students. It sends the message that they are unworthy of being recognised and protected. It sends the message that they are being merely tolerated rather than truly wanted. It sends the message that they are the ones who should be grateful to be there. – Dominant Spaces Down
Thinking it would be impossible to remove all threats of challenge in the classroom, I figured it would be best to call my classroom a “brave space” instead of a “safe space.” The hope in shifting the language was that (1) students would be less on the lookout for what might offend them and (2) that they would be inspired to rise to the challenges that could not be removed. Unfortunately, this strategy backfired. Those who could not handle the topics in the classroom, and the conversations with diverse peers, ended up feeling doubly bad. For according to how I had set things up, they were not only threatened by the learning environment, they were now also not brave – they were now also not good enough. Istvan’s textbook made clear to me that my presumption about it being impossible to remove discomfort from the equation was terribly wrong. The textbook alerted me, furthermore, to the fact that the language of “brave space,” as well intentioned as it was in my case, simply allowed me to hide from myself that I was abusing students. It was a moving experience to hear Istvan describe, in his wonderful introduction, how he too was an inadvertent (although, like me, chronic) abuser. It made me feel that my journey as an educator was not doomed. We can all change. – Anonymous teacher at a community college in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania
M. A. Istvan Jr.
M. A. Istvan Jr., whose artworks have recently resulted in his due-process-less and unappealable termination from Austin Community College, does not write academic articles or poetry or satirical textbooks or comic routines or so on in ignorance of the burgeoning threat to artistic freedom. Dr. Istvan is aware that, worldwide (and especially in the US), artists are censored and intimidated—and more and more under the feel-good banners of “protecting the youth from corruption” and “nurturing diverse spaces.” In fact, one of the larger motivations behind his iconoclastic and provocative art is to keep the circumference of what can be expressed wide enough that we do not need to fear losing our livelihoods for exhibiting our humanity. Far from corrupting the youth or shutting down diversity, Dr. Istvan works, in effect, to ensure that the youth grow in a world of voices that are not merely diverse on surface-levels or in the “right way.” He vows, here and now, never to stop sallying against the anti-diversity groundswell of cancellation, however much bloodthirsty retribution it provokes! Join with him to engender a world in which sudden termination is not a necessary consequence of heterodoxy.
- Web|
- YouTube|
- More Posts(1)RI Digital Marketing
Get Website Traffic and New Customers
Get Your Message Out
It sounds silly, but people have to know that your company exists for your business to grow. Our marketing team will consult with you to create a plan that will help your company grow now and ensure future success.
Our RI Digital marketing techniques help your business grow. From search engine optimization to social media marketing; our promotional experts can help you expand your customer base through a proven approach to digital marketing.
One of the most critical aspects of RI digital marketing is your website’s ability to connect with consumers.
Our multi-faceted approach enhances the market position of your company and includes a digital marketing strategy and a plan for implementation.
Once we have done so, the results are a buzz for your products and services that wins new customers and keeps them coming back.
Key Service Areas of RI Digital Marketing
Website Audit & Research
Report on technical errors, indexation, crawl errors, keyword relevance & more.
Page Optimizations
Hand optimized pages based on in-depth research, including page
titles, meta descriptions, and heading tags.
SEO Reporting
Set-up or audit Google Analytics, Google Search Console, and
phone tracking implementation.
We strive to make our clients happy
So, let's be happy together
Game at a Glance
All season long, the talk has been about how much Missouri has relied on Phil Pressey. Without Laurence Bowers in the lineup, the load would logically seem to increase on the junior point guard.
PREMIUM CONTENT
You must be a member to read the full article. Subscribe now for instant access to all premium content.
- Members-only forums
- Predict prospect commits with FanFutureCast
- Exclusive highlights and interviews
- Exclusive coverage of Rivals Camp Series
- Breaking recruiting newsquilt wizard app for android
Apr. While on the same side, the crafty ideas and the top tips from some professionals ensure that you’re always discovering new skills and probably the best and the most flexible ways to use your fabrics. Patchwork and Quilting is another amazing application introduced by Immediate Media Co, which enables its users to enjoy the gorgeous modern quilting projects from fun gifts and on-trend home décor to the fabulous quilts and cushions. You will definitely love learning to sew with this elegant application, and you can enjoy new tutorials all the time. This fine quilting application works incredibly by providing lap quilts to the full-size bed quilts, accessories, bags, cushions, and all using the widely, latest available fabrics. Create as many blocks as necessary. Quilting Tutorials by MSQC (Missouri Star Quilt Company) Quilting Tutorials by MSQC is a fine-looking and widely used application which carries some exceptional quilting stuff for people from all over the world. You simply have to download Quilting Tutorials by MSQC and then head over to Missouri Star Quilt Company’s website just to get sewing and your suppliers. Quilt Now app is beneficial for both beginners as well as skilled quilters so whether you are any of these, it will surely inspire you by introducing new techniques and fabrics to kick-start your next project. Android . Addeddate 2018-04-20 19:12:36 Identifier quilt_design_wizard Ocr ABBYY FineReader 11.0 (Extended OCR) Ppi 600 Scanner Internet Archive HTML5 Uploader 1.6.3 Quilting Tutorials by MSQC is a fine-looking and widely used application which carries some exceptional quilting stuff for people from all over the world. - Configurable quilt size. From the application, select fabrics from the photo library or take a new picture with the camera. Additionally,... Master the math involved in quilting! It is a great source of getting a massive following by sharing your discoveries, creations, and thoughts with others for the real-time. So just download this intuitive app named Craftsy from the stores and join millions of quilting, sewing, knitting, crocheting, and various other makers. Here is how it works : But I abandoned wealth and honor to live an ordinary life in my hometown. Love Patchwork and Quilting brings step by step instructions which helps you make each project easy to understand and follow. Blocks are color-coordinated in color families to help you choose blocks that work well together. Each of its issues is filled with the beautiful quilting projects and patchwork techniques from a number of the leading experts from all over the world. Quilting Tutorials by MSQC (Missouri Star Quilt Company) is a great product of Missouri Star Quilt Co. which brings a collection of quilt patterns to choose from expert level individuals as well as beginners alike. This application lets you have quality stuff by finding inspiring ideas for refreshing your home decorating material along with the great gifts and fun quick make creations as well. So just download Quilting Tutorials by MSQC (Missouri Star Quilt Company), and enjoy the app for free now. Craftsy brings one of the most effective learning platform through which you can access a massive collection of video classes in quilting, sewing, embroidery, cake decorating, cooking, crochet, knitting, painting, drawing, photography, paper crafts, woodworking, gardening, and way more. With these calculators, you will effortlessly and precisely work out how many rectangular pieces can be expurgated from a comparatively larger piece as well as how much fabric is needed for backing, borders and batting, set-in, square in a square, and corner triangles, etc. This list is all about the iphone apps– I will be digging around and looking for android ones to add to the list. Wednesday 2020-07-08 0:07:20 am : Quilt Wizard App For Android | Quilt Wizard App For Android | | Tools-To-Lose-Weight-At-Home You can intuitively choose fabrics and blocks to compose your quilt on the screen and even create blocks by filling it with selective fabrics. See your quilt design before you sew it! - Choose from two quilt layouts : straight, or on point blocks layout. Worse, you... Quilting Tutorials brings you the web's best free quilt tutorials right to your mobile device. Download Quilt Wizard - Which fabrics for this project ? Anyone can design quilts and blocks on iPad with hundreds of fabrics. Craftsy is one of the most elegant applications where thousands of millions of people showcase their talent and creativity on display. Look at most relevant Quilt Wizard For Android apps. This application brings more than 16 fresh allover designs including loops, paisleys, peas in a pod, swirling vines, swirls, tubes, petals, rectangular meanders, ribbons, flames, hearts, leaves, pebbles, round flowers, stipples, and waves. You may also like: 7 Best sewing apps for Android & iOS. Isn't it too bright ? Quilting Calculators is an amazing application which helps you master the math for the real-time involved in quilting. iOS 10 refresh and minor bug fixes, Changes: 2020年4月12日 Version 2.5.5 (2) Choose fabrics and blocks to compose your quilt on the screen. Refresh for iOS 13, Changes: Oct 15, 2016 Version 2.5.4 This application lets you discuss your favourite projects of DIY, handmade items, and works in progress. Then, you can try Quilt Now app. Quilt Now is another amazing application for the people who are adoring patchwork and quilting and who love the contemporary fabric. (3) Assemble the quilt with the blocks you have designed. We need money to operate the site, and almost all of it comes from our online advertising. Quilt Now application is produced by quilters for quilters, and each of the issues showcases stunning quilting stuff. Quilt Wizard helps you built your fabrics stash from the photo library or built-in camera, and you can choose from a collection of more than 100 quilting blocks. - Zoom in and out your quilt and block design while editing. Not looking good ? (1) Take pictures of your fabrics at home and keep them available into your photo library. Quilt Studio for iPad Free to install Try it now! Quilting Tutorials by MSQC is a fine app that helps you shop the world’s largest selection of precut fabrics at the most reasonable or probably the lowest prices. It has precisely explained several stitches with high quality video tutorials. - Design multiple quilts at the same time. We do not implement these annoying types of ads! Quilting Calculators is a fine application developed by Handmade interactive, which carries a number of significant features for the worldwide users. I wish I could see it in the block ! So just download Love Patchwork & Quilting to enjoy the latest fabric collection reviews, news, advice, and other tips to help you get the most from your damn hobby. Quilt Now is a remarkable application introduced by Practical Publishing International Ltd. which helps you get the best quilting companion. As a spell casting vampire, you are a power to be reckoned with; however, your enemies are more powerful, still. Are you fond of quilting? Sewing and Quilting Apps. Design pieced patchwork quilts with your own custom... "The most fun we've had with an iPad app in a LONG time!" - Quilter's Connection Magazine It carries an update collection of eight essential quilting calculators designed by elegant quilters, and these calculators efficiently work with both metric and U.S. measurements. Features : I wish I could see it in the block ! back to menu ↑ Quilt Now. Designing a quilt will only take few minutes !! So a man or a woman with any of these interest would love to have this app on their mobile phone to bring their hobby as well as any professional or domestic work to the extreme level. Free Motion Quilting Ideas provides a massive video library which helps the making of learning at your own pace. - Sashing and border options. Free Motion Quilting Ideas is another universal application which enables its users to enjoy quilting at both beginner as well as professional level. Isn't it too bright ? Filter by Platform. Available EVERYWHERE, SIMPLE memo application, it's WIZARD MEMO. Depending on what your favorite product. This application allows you to explore hundreds of easy to enjoy classes (online), in almost every class, plus a huge collection of suppliers and kits and thousands of project ideas from creative, curious makers like you. Please add topappslike.com to your ad blocking whitelist or disable your adblocking software. It provides a fabric measurement converter through which you can convert between measurements in fractions and decimals. You can easily create a profile in this app to showcase your passion for handmade hobbies, crafts, and handcrafted gifts. Crafty Amino is a fine application by Amino Apps, which carries some exceptional and probably one of the fastest growing mobile networks for handmade crafts. Using this quilting application, you can take a pic from your camera as well as select from your photo library. Crafty Amino for Crafting and DIY is a great application with a huge number of users through which they can enjoy theirs as well as other’s crafts in an intuitive gallery. Quilt Design Wizard™ guides you step-by-step using an easy point-and-click method. At the bottom of the list is a mega catalog of other sewing and quilting app links. The app features a 2×2, 4×4, 6×6, 8×8, and 10×10 grid, with quarter square triangles, which allows for nearly any block to be created from scratch. QuiltWizard is another great quilting application which enables you to get confidence in your quilt fabrics shopping. Designed by... 66% off for a limited time! So just download Quilt Now, and enjoy all these amazing features for free. Gain confidence in your quilt fabrics shopping with Quilt Wizard ! This application helps you find the best mix of designs to get amazing designs in one of the most convenient ways. Gain confidence in your quilt fabrics shopping with Quilt Wizard ! Each issue of Quilt Now is devoted to wonderful quilting projects and patchwork techniques from the best experts worldwide. No need to carry snippets of fabrics with you when shopping, you can see straight away on your device how your choice of fabrics will perform on your quilt. QuiltWizard incorporates a good portion of the most commonly used blocks into its library, as well as options to build blocks with different grid options. You’ll be an instant designer with the Wizard… So just download this quilting application named Quilting Calculators to enjoy the collection of calculators for free right on your mobile phones. Refresh for iOS 13, Changes: Apr 12, 2020 Version 2.5.5 Quilt Wizard For Android found at Wizard's Choice Volume, Missouri Star Quilt etc. **** Visit: for videos and more. I wish I could see it in the block ! It brings almost 5 bonus videos to enrich your experience (works with internet connection). This application helps you take pics of fabrics on the spot and try them in your quilt project on your screen for the real-time to see the results. Check the best results! Incorporate it into your existing block design, and immediately see the result on screen. Try another fabrics ! - Block rotation, flipping and duplication. Each of the upcoming months comes with a new mix of technologies to try, and you would love its fascinating features about the designers you love contemporary muse to spark your creativity. Since I came back home, I started raising sheep on a small... Write an archmage's autobiography in this 80-year 130,000-word interactive fiction! (4) Take photos of fabrics at the shop or quilt show. Play good or evil, man or woman, as you bring peace to the kingdom or take over the world with your sorcery.... S 200 Wizard is an APP to easily select MCBs in few simple steps wherever you are. Refresh for iOS 13. Take pictures of fabrics right on the spot, and immediately try them in your quilt project on screen. It never let you carry snippets of fabrics always with you while you are shopping, and you can easily see straight away on your mobile phone that how your choice of fabrics will complete on your quilt. 2020 Version 2.5.5 Each of its offered design provides step-outs and animated videos showing you the exact guide to create these awesomely stunning and practical motifs. Copyright © 2013 — MetricsCat, Parnu mnt 139E, Tallinn, Estonia. This application keeps on improvising its stuff through which you can enjoy new things for best quilting on a daily basis. Not only SIMPLE & EASY usage but also FAVORITE SKINS(Now, two kinds of skins and there will be updated). This is the ad-free fourth installment of the Wizard’s Choice series. A great learning tool for elementary school level math facts. Too dull ? Too dull ? Create a block, fill it with selected fabrics. See the user guide at, Changes: 12. So just download Quilt Wizard, and enjoy sashing and border options, block rotation, duplication, and flipping, configurable quilt size, and way many features right on your mobile phone. Which fabrics for this project ? Rotate, flip, duplicate blocks, to suite your design. Too dull ? This application helps you take pics of fabrics on the spot and try them in your quilt project on your screen for the real-time to see the results…, #1 Quilting Tutorials by MSQC (Missouri Star Quilt Company). - Choose from a list of most popular quilting blocks (100+). - Build your fabrics stash from the Photo Library or built-in camera Choose to view tutorials by latest release date or by popularity. Take pictures of fabrics right on the spot, and... Windows Mac Linux Android iOS Home / Home & Hobby / Food & Drink / Quilt Wizard; Quilt Wizard. Learn how to quilt from the... "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz Slot Machine" is a "Wizard of Oz" themed, video slot game featuring bet-able reels and a unique 4-3-3-3-4 slot presentation that offers 432 ways to... [Introduction]Once I was the greatest wizard in this kingdom.. All (13) Android (7) iOS (12) 0. Take pictures of fabrics right on the spot, and... New! You can not only watch but also download these video lessons to your mobile phone while you are online so that you can watch them without any internet. You can find new inspiration by discovering other member’s creative patterns, projects, and how-to tutorials. Quilting Tutorials by MSQC (Missouri Star Quilt Company) even offers a number of attractive daily deals at almost 30 percent to 90 percent off on a daily basis. Robert Kaufman Fabrics and Quilters Paradise have joined forces to bring you this updated collection of eight essential quilting calculators. We don't have any banner, Flash, animation, obnoxious sound, or popup ad. 7 Apps Like QuiltWizard for Android. Some of these are available in both formats– the iphone and the ipad. Crafty Amino for Crafting and DIY is a good way of connecting with other sewers, jewellers, quilters, knitters, and other home artists from all over the world. This application makes everyone to take the guesswork out of the free-motion quilting with almost 16 fresh allover designs. Free Motion Quilting app makes it easy to manage all the quilting stuff with ease. Isn't it too bright ? Gain confidence in your quilt fabrics shopping with Quilt Wizard ! Select from 200 quilt blocks colored with beautiful fabric and ready to set into your layout. 1. Craftsy is a well-known product of Craftsy with millions of followers. Quilt Wizard helps you make snaps of your fabrics anywhere and keep them available for you into your photo gallery. Wizards: Encounters is a new type of RPG which rewards skill, thought and luck in a challenging setting. Which fabrics for this project ? S200 Wizard helps you to select ABB codes for S 200 series for all the applications: industrial, residential and... A fantastic math facts learning game for kids. So just download Free Motion Quilting Ideas to get the most out of it. QuiltWizard is another great quilting application which enables you to get confidence in your quilt fabrics shopping. - Incorporate your already sawn blocks into your project Leave a note so you can remember where you have seen this fabrics. We've detected that you are using AdBlock Plus or some other adblocking software which is preventing the page from fully loading. Crafty Amino for Crafting and DIY helps you show off your latent finds, obsess over the latest news, connect with local crafters, and create polls and discussions to share knitting, jewellery making, beading, ceramics, paper crafts, sewing, scrapbooking, and more. Try this Lite version of the Math Wizard for free. Have fun looking around! This application is going amazing for providing some classy features. This application helps you watch videos everywhere, anytime without any internet connection. This app is created for quilting and patchworking lovers. Other than these, Quilting Calculators provides backing and batting calculator, piece count calculator, pieces to yardage area calculator, binding calculator, square in a square calculator, border calculator, corner triangle, and set-in calculator.
Whether your home has suffered flood damage or you just want your upholstery cleaned, SERVPRO has 1,700 Franchises in the U.S. and Canada ready to help. SERVPRO of Glen Cove / Jericho technicians are highly trained to properly clean and restore your house so that it feels like home again. You can depend on SERVPRO of Glen Cove / Jericho Glen Cove / Jericho Glen Cove / Jericho is close by and ready to respond to your cleaning or restoration needs. We are proud to be an active member of the Glen Cove, NY community and want to do our part to make our community the best it can be.
We are proud to serve our local communities:
We are proud to serve our local communities:About the opportunity
The Flock Device software team is looking to add an Android Software Engineer responsible for integrating our machine learning technology. Our Device team is made up of scrappy engineers who are responsible for all of the code running on a variety of devices Flock deploys in the real world. In this position, you will be responsible for the machine learning aspect of our media-pipeline, ultimately enhancing and delivering critical evidence to our customers. The ideal candidate is someone who is passionate about taking new products and cutting edge research to production.
Some challenges you’ll tackle
About YouSynthroid or levothyroxine can make people living with hypothyroidism feel much better, however, allergic reactions or drug sensitivities can occur due to ingredients such as acacia, lactose, and cornstarch.
Symptoms ranging from runny nose to skin rash and / or hives to abdominal pain can occur, and it may take a while to realize that the medication is to blame rather than something else. Hypersensitivity reactions to Synthroid are more common among those with allergies, hay fever, or asthma.
An allergic reaction to Synthroid is most often diagnosed based on history, although allergy tests are available for acacia. Managing this problem most often includes switching to another brand of levothyroxine, and fortunately there are other brands of the drug with different ingredients that may be effective.
Allergens in the Synthroid
Besides the active ingredient, in this case thyroid hormone, most medications also contain inactive ingredients, known as excipients. While these ingredients are inactive, they are not necessarily inert and can lead to allergic reactions or other symptoms.
Many allergic reactions and sensitivities to Synthroid are related to acacia, lactose, or cornstarch, although allergic reactions to levothyroxine have been observed very rarely.
1. Acacia
Acacia is a family of shrubs and trees, and is used as an ingredient (acacia gum) in some medications, including Synthroid brand levothyroxine, to give tablets shape and structure.
Some people who have allergies to pollen and hay fever, especially to tree pollens and herbs (such as rye grass pollen), may also have an allergy to acacia, even when it is an ingredient in a medicine.
People who have asthma are also more likely to be allergic. For some hypothyroid people who have these allergies, taking Synthroid can cause allergic symptoms.
Interestingly, it also appears that people who have seasonal allergies may find that they do not respond well to their Synthroid during allergy season.
Studies looking at the incidence of acacia susceptibility are few, but there appears to be a particularly high rate of sensitization among people living in Iran and neighboring countries, as well as the Philippines.
2. Lactose
Another ingredient in Synthroid is lactose, which can trigger symptoms in people with lactose intolerance. Lactose intolerance is an inability to digest lactose, the main sugar found in milk.
Lactose is also an ingredient in some foods and medicines. The signs of lactose intolerance can include abdominal pain, cramping, bloating, gas, nausea and diarrhea.
When there is a lactose intolerance, these symptoms often begin 30 minutes to two hours after taking Synthroid.
3. Corn starch
Besides acacia and lactose, one of the most common fillers used in Synthroid is confectionery sugar (powdered sugar), which contains cornstarch.
Some studies have found that corn proteins cross-react with gluten, which could trigger an immune system reaction to fillers in the same way that it does to gluten. Cornstarch can also be a problem for those with a corn allergy.
While this cross-reactivity can occur and affect people with celiac disease or non-celiac gluten sensitivity, gluten itself does not appear to be a problem. A study specifically looked at the gluten content of Synthroid tablets.
The level of gluten in Synthroid was found to be below detectable levels (based on FDA criteria, Synthroid would be considered gluten-free).
And the researchers felt that while the gluten threshold needed to cause celiac disease to worsen is unknown, Synthroid is unlikely to exacerbate symptoms in people with celiac disease.
Signs and Symptoms of Allergic Reactions to Synthroid
The signs and symptoms of an allergy or hypersensitivity to Synthroid can take several forms.
In the case of acacia allergy, symptoms often include a runny nose, eye discharge, and congestion, although mood swings can also occur. Some people develop an eczematous-like rash, hives, or generalized itching.
With lactose intolerance, the most common symptoms are abdominal discomfort, bloating, gas, nausea, and vomiting.
The signs of a cornstarch allergy may depend on the underlying sensitivity. When there is an allergy to corn, symptoms can range from hives to hay fever to anaphylaxis.
For celiac disease, symptoms can suggest an intolerance, such as bloating, abdominal pain, or constipation, but can also include less common symptoms ranging from anemia to infertility.
Some people have recognized that they have an allergy by noting that their Synthroid doesn't seem to work as well at certain times of the year, for example during hay fever season. If your TSH fluctuates from high to low, there are many potential causes, and hypersensitivity to Synthroid may be one of them.
Although allergic reactions to Synthroid are rare, any allergic reaction has the potential to be life threatening. You should seek immediate medical attention if you develop dizziness, shortness of breath, wheezing, chest pain, or other signs of anaphylaxis (a serious allergic reaction).
Diagnosis of this type of allergies
Diagnosing an allergic reaction or sensitivity to Synthroid can be challenging, as many of the people who have these allergies also have hay fever, lactose intolerance, or gluten sensitivity.
Most often, the diagnosis is made by taking a careful history of symptoms, including how they are related to the timing of Synthroid dosing, foods, and exposure to other allergens.
If you are concerned about having an allergy to Synthroid, it may help to keep a diary of your symptoms. Make sure to document any symptoms of hay fever, hives, or itching and digestive system symptoms you have, as well as how you feel in general.
An allergy can cause TSH levels to rise (and consequently hypothyroid symptoms), but there are many possible causes if your thyroid medication doesn't work.
There are allergy tests available for acacia, although the allergy may be suspected in those who have previously been diagnosed with allergies to trees or herbs.
There are several tests you can do if you suspect lactose intolerance, such as a lactose tolerance test, a hydrogen breath test, or, in children, a stool acid test.
That said, many people find out about their intolerance on their own, and often the best way to diagnose the condition in conjunction with any other food intolerance is to follow an elimination diet.
The same applies in the case of allergy to corn, for which skin and blood tests are available, but which are often inaccurate.
If the Synthroid you take is a gluten trigger, perhaps the easiest way to determine this is to try a different brand of levothyroxine (under the direction of a physician).Runegate Heroes
CG Trailer / 00:53
Out of the Rune Gates, heroes with incredible abilities appear. They have many brutal battles ahead of them, all aimed at demolishing the Rune Gates of their foes. Who is to triumph, and who is to fall?
Treatment | Moodboard | Script | Artwork | Direction | Preproduction | Sound design | Production | VFX | Postproduction5 Reasons YOU need Virtual Safety Manager
1. New safety legislation means that YOU can go to jail and/or get huge fines if your safety systems are crap or ineffective and people get hurt.
2. Preventing injuries at work is GOOD business and will save you $$$$.
3. You don’t have the time or expertise to get your safety system in place and maintained, leaving you and your workers exposed.
4. You can concentrate on growing your business having peace of mind that safety is being managed.
5. A safe workplace is a great place to work.
Membership Level: General Membership
Categories: Consultant - Safety
Woody Point, Qld 4019 Australia
hello@virtualsafetymanager.com.au
Please login here to update your business.
Return to Business ListingsYou years of work into learning the trade. That’s because there’s a lot to learn. But, the basics of email marketing are remarkably simple.
Today I’m going to run you through some of the most important things I’ve learned about increasing your subscribers with an email drip campaign and how to generate sales using email sequences.
Here’s a quick overview of what I’ll be covering in this article:
- Why run email drip campaigns
- How to create a drip email campaign
- How many emails should be in an email drip campaign
- 5 email drip campaign examples
I suggest you bookmark this guide. You’ll want to refer to these email sequences in the last section on a regular basis.
What is an email drip campaign?
An email drip campaign, sometimes called an autoresponder cycle, is a sequence of emails that are sent to a potential subscriber over a period of days. These email sequences are automated ‘set and forget’ campaigns. Common examples of automated email drip campaigns include the welcome email sequence and the cart abandonment sequence. Here are over 30 other ways you can use email automation.
An email drip campaign can be as complex or as simple as you want to make it. A classic email welcome campaign, for example, would have three emails. These emails are sent one after the other on consecutive days using an email autoresponder software, like GetResponse.
It would look a bit like this.
Email drip campaigns can be a lot more complicated. They often include action-based tracking – so you send people different messages depending on what they do. For example, someone who doesn’t open an email might be sent a different series of messages to a person who did.
Below is a template example of an email campaign for a webinar on GetResponse.
You can see there are a lot more stages to this sequence.
Marketers use email drip campaigns because multiple messages are more effective at generating a result than sending a single email. A good example of this is a cart abandonment email. A study found that people who send three cart abandonment emails generate 69% more orders than those who don’t.
That’s a lot of extra sales…
It’s not just the frequency of the messages that gets such results, though. A good email drip campaign is effective because the person creating the campaign thought through all of the reasons why a person should click on a link. They then dealt with those issues one at a time through the campaign.
Continuing with the cart abandonment example, below is a small brain map that covers the different reasons someone might not make a purchase.
The idea is to identify the most important issues in this list, and then deal with them in your campaign. The more pain points you deal with, the more people you’ll engage.
Kind of…
The copy you use in these messages needs to be focused on one topic. Also, don’t make the mistake of thinking the more emails you send, the better the result. People don’t want to be spammed as the email marketing benchmarks from GetResponse highlights.
You need to find a balance between the number of emails you send, the value of those emails, and the outcome you want. The number one mistake people managing an email list make is sending pointless emails.
Don’t be one of those people.
How do I create a drip email campaign?
Now that you know what an email drip campaign is, let’s look at how you can create one yourself.
You’ll need to:
- prepare copy and images that will go into your messages
- decide how often and at what intervals you’ll want to send them
Note that your subscribers may be joining your list on any day at any time. If you’re using email drip campaigns, you can be sure that every person will receive the same email sequence, no matter when they join your list.
While that’s usually a good thing, you’ll want to be careful if your email drip campaign is tied to a specific date.
Now, how do you create an email drip campaign? This video will show you how to do just that in your GetResponse account.
How many emails should be in an email drip campaign?
An important question you may ask yourself is, how many emails should I put in my drip email campaign?
The answer isn’t all that simple, but it’s not too complicated either. It all depends on your goal or the type of campaign you want to run.
If you’re developing a course on a complex topic, you may want to divide your content across a higher number of messages. Additionally, you’ll also want to make sure there are gaps of a few days between each of your emails. This way, your content will be more easily digestible, and your audience will continue to engage with your brand for longer.
Your approach will most likely be different than this if your primary objective is to convert new leads into sales. In that case, you’ll probably have more emails at the beginning of your cycle, with a shorter interval between them.
Let’s look at what the data tells us:
The table above comes from the email marketing benchmarks report I mentioned earlier.
The table shows you:
- What percentage of drip campaigns consist of X number of emails
- The average engagement metrics observed for those email campaigns
As you can see, 36.31% of all drip email campaigns have only one message. That could either mean these are welcome messages, a thank-you email, or some other quick automated response.
Furthermore, 30.53% of an email series consists of two to five messages, and 20.04% have six to ten emails, while the remaining 13.12% have even more than that.
What’s noticeable is that the average engagement metrics, like open rates and click-through rates, slowly decline as the sequences become longer. However, they’re still about two-to-three times higher than what you’d observe for single message promotional campaigns.
Although the unsubscribe and spam complaint rate don’t seem to rise or be affected by the email drip campaign length.
All that considered, as long as you’re satisfied with the revenue you make from every additional message and the revenue outweighs the costs (e.g., list churn, spam complaints, lower inbox placement rate), you’re good to go.
Naturally, the longer your cycle gets the more difficult it’ll be for you to manage it and make sure all the content inside the messages is up-to-date.
Want to go even deeper? Here are several steps that will help you decide how many emails you should put into your email drip campaigns:
- Divide your content into small and digestible chunks. Put each topic into a separate email and launch your drip campaign.
- Analyze the results. See if your audience is showing the right level of engagement throughout the entire cycle.
- Gather feedback. Ask your recipients if they’re happy with the schedule you proposed, or if they’d rather receive your emails more or less frequently.
- Analyze the feedback and launch an A/B test. Make sure that 50% of your traffic goes through the first variant, and the other one goes through the revised one.
- Stick with the winning email drip campaign.
Pro tip: There’s also another option, but it’ll only work if you set up your email sequences using GetResponse marketing automation.
Instead of adding fixed intervals between your emails, you can give your recipients power to access a message instantly.
To do that, you need to add a new link in your emails (e.g., “Send me the next lesson”), and two elements to your marketing automation workflow, such as “If linked clicked > Send an email.”
Here’s what the setup would look like in GetResponse:
5 email drip campaign examples
I’ve covered some of the basics behind what makes a good email drip campaign. Now I’d like to get practical by breaking down common email sequences you can use for your business.
Here’s a quick overview of the different email drip campaigns I’ll cover:
- Welcome sequence
- Birthday sales sequence
- Promotion sequence
- Upsell sequence
- Cart abandonment sequence
Let’s take a look at each of these sequences in turn. I’ll cover how you should use each sequence, and what makes them effective.
1. The email welcome sequence
The first email most of your audience will receive is your welcome email. As I mentioned earlier, I recommend sending three emails over a couple of days. This email welcome sequence aims to introduce your website’s visitors to your company. Your emails will cover the who, what, where, when, and how of your company history.
Below is an overview of the email sequence that I use for my wife’s travel company.
The purpose of the first email in that sequence is to set expectations. Generally, you want to do the following:
- Introduce yourself, and/or the company that you are representing.
- Share something interesting or unexpected about yourself / your company.
- Set expectations about what you will be delivering.
- Get them to follow you on a social media channel or whitelist your email address.
- Deliver the content upgrade that you promised them.
This first email is a bit like a first date. Create a good impression, deliver on your promise, make a joke, then leave…
A day after this you can send a second email.
Your second email might contain a link to your best blog post, a video, or something else that they’d find useful. It’d be best if this content was exclusive or ‘hard to find’ on your site.
On the third or fourth day send your final message. This email will generally provide them with a bit of content they’d find useful on your site. It could even be a freebie.
Try to make sure that each time you send them is an email you provide a link to a different resource. So, for example, the first message might have a link to a PDF. The second email could have a link to your website, and the third a link to a video.
Sending your audience to different places helps to create a sense of the unexpected. People get bored receiving the same thing week in week out.
2. The birthday sequence
The birthday email drip campaign is a great way to connect with your audience and generate some extra revenue. Plus, you get to send people birthday wishes, which is a nice thing.
To run a birthday campaign, you’ll have to collect a person’s date of birth.
You can do this on your opt-in form. However, this will be a point of friction for people signing up to your list. If you take this route, I recommend that you don’t make collecting this information obligatory. People who don’t want to give you their date of birth will just input fake details.
The other way to collect a person’s date of birth is when they are already on your list. You can see that the jeans company Lee uses this approach, though their copy could be improved.
I recommend this option.
The advantage of this approach is you have already formed a relationship with your readers by the time you ask for this information. More importantly, people have to opt-in to the process. This means the data is more likely to be accurate.
So that’s collecting the date of birth covered…
A birthday email campaign is short and sweet. Send the first email on the person’s birthday around noon. This message can be a best wishes card, with a discount coupon.
At the same time the next day you can send a follow-up email informing the person you’ll be closing the discount offer in seven hours. This is a good way of taking into account that many people have better things to do on their birthday than shopping online. It also creates a bit of FOMO (Fear of Missing Out).
3. The special offer promo
Think about the last time you made a big purchase. What made you get your credit card out? Was it a logical decision, or a spur of the moment impulse?
Maybe it was a bit of both.
It’s a widely recognized fact that emotion and logic play a big part in buying behavior. You can see this when you analyze the reasons behind why you made that purchase. This is very different from how you rationalize the things you buy…
The copy you use for your email drip campaign needs to account for these different factors.
Just like I outlined before, you need to analyze the different reasons people might purchase the product you are offering. These will be rational and emotional reasons.
Once you’ve decided what the most important factors are, you need to deal with them one at a time.
What I’ll share with you below is the email marketing sequence I use for promotions. It’s based around common drivers for making a purchase. I call this email marketing sequence Winners Miss Out.
Each email in the sequence covers a different sales angle:
- Desire: the first email is focused on the outcomes that a person would get from purchasing the product you’re offering. There’s a focus on emotional factors
- Logic: the second email looks at the rational reasons for purchasing the product. This follows an FAQ format
- FOMO: the final email is about creating that FOMO feeling. This is a standard way to close a promotion for a time-sensitive offer
Below is an example of such a campaign.
You can see that each of the three emails in that sequence build on each other by focusing on different factors that might influence your audience into purchasing a product.
To increase sales, you can combine your email promotion with Facebook retargeting. Obviously, you can’t run a promotion using this exact sequence each time. You’ll want to mix things up.
Test things like running a giveaway a few hours before a promotion to get your offer started. Alternatively, you might choose to run a competition and run the promo after you’ve given away a prize. There are plenty of great online platforms you can use to do this.
4. The upsell email sequence
A natural outcome of an email promotion is an upsell.
Buying things makes you feel good. There’s a release of endorphins in there somewhere.
The other thing about buying something is that you often realize there are other things you ‘need’ to buy. Sports are a good example of this. If you buy a new surfboard, you might think you need to buy some wax for your board.
This desire to purchase additional products is part of a buying cycle. During this cycle, you are more open to the idea of purchasing additional products. It’s the reason you see people who have gone shopping carrying three or four bags of stuff.
You should be incorporating this need for additional products into your sales cycle.
There are two ways that you can manage an upsell.
One way to provide an upsell is on-site at the point of purchase. You can either provide an upsell before or immediately after they’ve made a purchase.
The other way to run an upsell is through an email sequence.
You should run your upsell sequence within a maximum of a fortnight of a person purchasing a product on your site. The email sequence you use for an upsell would be similar to the one you’d use for a promotion. However, it’s important to recognize that the person you are emailing has recently purchased something from you.
Doing this is easy. For example, you might say:
Summer is coming 🙂
We just wanted to let you know your surfboard was dispatched yesterday. As an existing customer, you’re now eligible for a limited time discount on all our summer beachwear…
You can see where this email is heading.
The email sequence you use doesn’t need to be as long as the initial promotion. I suggest sending two emails – one email to let them know there are deals available, and the second to say the offer is coming to a close.
A good example of a person who does this effectively is Bertrand, the founder of Youzign. He has a number of complementary graphics design software platforms. This creates opportunities for upselling customers in the same way that an ecommerce store might do.
It’s possible to get really high conversion rates with the right offer.
Some of our best upsells converted 60% of customers. Without an upsell, this would all be lost, which is substantial revenue for any business. Of course, you don’t want to overdo it and negatively impact the customer experience. They should always be at the heart of your sales process.
Don’t let profit define your strategy. As he mentioned, it’s important to get that balance between the customer experience, and the sales process.
5. The cart abandonment sequence
The shopping cart is widely recognized as a major leak in your sales funnel. Around 75% of customers abandon an online purchase.
Cart abandonment emails help turn some of those lost leads into buyers. Below is a basic outline of a good cart abandonment series used by Jack Paxton. He is one of the founders of Vyper, a growth hacking platform, and works as a consultant for companies like AppSumo, and BPN Nutrition.
Suggested Abandon Cart Email Sequence:
- 6 Hours after abandoning cart:
This is a friendly reminder using scarcity, mention that you have limited stock, or this item sells out regularly.
- 24 Hours Later:
Run a time-sensitive special offer for the customer that lasts for 48 hours. This can be free shipping.
- 72 Hours Later:
Last chance offer. This email has the greatest discount. It can be a dollar or percentage discount. You can make this a unique expiring offer to add scarcity.
Here’s what this sequence looks like in practice.
Usually, the first email in the sequence will help recover about 25% of lost sales who signed up to the cart abandonment sequence. The second and third emails will help you generate additional sales. You can increase revenue returns by running abandoned cart ads on networks like Facebook, Instagram & Google.
Wrapping Up
Email sequences and drip campaigns should form a core part of your online marketing strategy. In this article, I’ve shown you some of the most common campaigns used by marketers. If you’re struggling to monetize your list or engage your readers, then hopefully these campaigns will form a framework that you can reference in the future.
With a few edits, you should be able to incorporate these campaigns into your email marketing strategy. Of course, it’s going to take a few days to do this, so make sure to bookmark this page as you’ll want to refer to it later. If you have questions about anything I’ve covered in the article, let me know in the comments below!Now Tribulus 1000mg 90 tablets
Product Details
- Nordic Naturals, Doctor’s Best, Healthy Origins.
- Dietary Supplement.
- GMP Quality Assured
Product Description.
Ingredients
Microcrystalline Cellulose, Stearic Acid (vegetable source), Vegetarian Coating, and Silicon Dioxide. Not manufactured with wheat, gluten, soy, milk, egg, fish, shellfish, or tree nut ingredients. Produced in a GMP facility that processes other ingredients containing these allergens.
Usage
Take 1 tablet daily with a meal.
Reviews
There are no reviews yet.REVIEW — “St. Vincent”
“St. Vincent” has one of the most perfectly cast leads you’ll see in theaters all year. Bill Murray owns this role, molds it, shapes it, and gives it a unique spin that will leave audiences laughing and holding back tears. The story takes us on a tour of emotions, and leaves the audiences walking out the door with a smile on their faces.
The cast is likely the best part of this as everyone contributes in a big way. I normally HATE Melissa McCarthy, but she wasn’t nearly as grotesque and crude in this as she usually is. She played a realistic single mother, but they didn’t focus the entire picture on her. Naomi Watts had the most surprising appearance playing a pregnant Russian stripper, but she really nailed the accent, and if I didn’t know Watts I would actually think this was a pregnant Russian. The cherry on top was Billy Murray who has such charisma it makes you wish he had roles like this more often.
The story was well written, and really developed our two leads: Vincent (Murray) and his child counterpart. From start to finish there is something for everyone to enjoy: drama, romance, laughs, a bit of action, and MORE BILL MURRAY! We get to see this hateful obnoxious cranky old goat, with a hidden heart of gold, slowly transform into a slightly less hateful obnoxious cranky old goat, and we have a blast doing it.
The comedy was great, and had the audience in stitches, but there isn’t much here for younger audiences. Everything seems to be geared and focused on mature and older audiences, and a lot of the plot is relatable to movie goers. There are some pacing issues, but as a whole things move rather quickly and you’re never left looking at your watch.
“St. Vincent” is a feel good film that takes you through the paces. Laughs, Tears and bully beat downs help make this a comedy for the older audiences. Bill Murray and Naomi Watts deliver amazing performances, and offer viewers something fresh from the, as of late, stale comedy genre. This is well worth watching, and shouldn’t be missed. 4.5/5Starring Bradley Cooper, Cate Blanchett and Toni Collette. Searchlight Pictures have released the new trailer for Guillermo del Toro’s highly anticipated movie Nightmare Alley. The film is the sequel to the Oscar-winning The Shape of Water.
‘Nightmare Alley is the story of an ambitious carny who can influence people with just a few carefully chosen words hooking up with a psychiatrist who is even more dangerous than he is.’
Although it’s about a very serious topic and directed by a renowned director, it’s a straightforward noir film. “This has no supernatural element,” del Toro stated in a interview with Vanity Fair. “It’s based completely in a reality world. There is nothing fantastic. It’s a very different movie from my usual, but yes, the title and my name would create that [impression].” However, he added, “I wanted to do the universe of the novel, which is a little gritty, but also strangely magical. It has a very strange, mystical allure—and mythical.”
The cast also has more stars, including Rooney Mara, Willem Dafoe, Ron Perlman, Clifton Collins Jr., Mary Steenburgen, and Tim Blake Nelson.
“Nightmare Alley” will be released in cinemas on December 18. It was shot in and around Hamilton, Ontario, and Toronto.
Originally from Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico, Guillermo del Toro was born on October 9, 1964. Del Toro was brought up by his Catholic grandmother and became interested in filmmaking when he was a teenager. A few years later, he worked on making his own short films and studied makeup and effects with Dick Smith (The Exorcist (1973)). In 1985, Del Toro produced and executive produced his first feature film, Dona Herlinda and Her Son. His first company, Necropia, was formed in the early 1980s after he spent almost a decade as a makeup supervisor. During this period, he directed and produced television programs for Mexican TV, as well as taught film classes.
Photos
See all photos >>
Founder and Lead Developer for Horror Facts independent horror magazine.
Husband, Sailor and Independent WriterWhiting, Ind. – December 7, 2015 – During the team’s five-year history, there is a select group of college baseball players who have been announced as a member of the Northwest Indiana Oilmen but, for one reason or another, never put on an Oilmen uniform.
Injuries are the most common cause of the player not following through on the plans to play for Northwest Indiana’s Midwest Collegiate League club, instead leaving the player’s name to fall into Oilmen obscurity.
Central Michigan (Division I) catcher Blake Cleveland, however, joins an elite class of one. After being introduced as a new Oilman for the 2015 season, Cleveland was unable to play due to a torn labrum that occurred while diving headfirst into second base. He redshirted a year ago and spent the summer at Central Michigan returning to 100 percent health.
The now-healthy Cleveland has again been added to the Oilmen roster, this time for the 2016 campaign.
“A lot of my teammates have played with the Oilmen in the past,” Cleveland said. “I talked to one of my past teammates, and he said it was a great experience with good guys and great coaches. I look forward to being there and learning.”
According to Central Michigan coach Steve Jaksa, Cleveland’s progress from a health standpoint has been steady. He played without limitation during the fall season.
“He’s put himself in the mix; he’s done a really nice job,” Jaksa said. “He has good leadership qualities, and he’s starting to figure out how to utilize them. It was good to see him perform as a Division I athlete during the fall. We basically hadn’t seen him before because of the injury.”
Cleveland lists his defensive ability as his strongest attribute on the baseball diamond. He’s confident in his abilities behind the dish.
“Receiving, throwing and blocking are probably the best parts of my game,” he said. “I need to continue to work on my hitting, which like anything else, comes and goes. You have your ups and downs. At times, I have to step back and realize baseball is a game of failure. I have to just have fun and work at it.”
While a season-costing injury is never ideal for a competitive athlete, Cleveland reaped the benefits of watching from the dugout during his rookie campaign. He made the most of the opportunity to learn the college ropes without being immediately thrust into the fire for the Chippewas.
“It’s not good to have an injury, but it was a great learning experience,” Cleveland said. “I was able to sit back and watch my teammates through the process throughout the year. I learned from the bench, which was a great opportunity. I’m better for it now.”
The Northwood High School graduate and Nappanee, Indiana native looked on as his team finished 35-22, 20-7 in the MAC. During his return to game action this fall, he drove in a run to help the Maroon team to a 3-0 victory over the White team in the seventh and final game of Central’s Michigan’s Fall World Series.
Now, with four years of eligibility still remaining, Cleveland hopes this spring marks the start of a college career cluttered with individual and team success.
As with many members of the Oilmen, the game of baseball has deep family roots. Cleveland and his brother Tanner both played at Northwood High School, where their father is an assistant coach.
“My dad coached me from T-ball on,” Cleveland said. “Luckily enough, I got to deal with him in high school also. I know he’s in my corner and he’s my biggest fan. He’s going to push me the most to get better.”
Extra Tidbits
Cleveland enjoys the outdoors, especially hunting and fishing… Cleveland said he is “For the most part, 100 percent right now,” after sitting out the 2015 season with a torn labrum… Cleveland will join Alec Ornelas, Jimmy McNamara and Joe Houlihan as Central Michigan players who have played for the Oilmen… McNamara and Houlihan are currently seniors. Houlihan was recognized as CMU’s Most Improved Player and named to the MAC All-Defensive Team in 2015. Jaksa expects Houlihan to start at third base this season… McNamara, a left-handed pitcher, is expected to be used out of the bullpen again this season. “We expect him to be just as consistent as he has been the last couple years. His role will not change much, and that’s fine because he’s been very good at his role.”ADDING A USER
As an admin user, you can easily invite new users by following these simple steps:
Make sure you are in the your own environment.
Navigate to Menu > Company settings > Team members and click "Invite team member" on the top right
Add the requested details
Select appropriate role (Admin can configure Zapflow settings)
Click "Invite user"
The recipient will now get an email and follow the instructions therein
Add the user to the appropriate team
REMOVING (=DISABLING) USER ACCESS
As an admin user, you can easily disable user access rights by following these simple steps:
Go to Menu > Company settings > Team members
Click the "Deactivate" icon
You will get a pop-up that says "Disable account"
Before disabling this account, you will be asked to assign all entities owned by the user to someone else.
Follow the instructions in there and click "Confirm"Innovate like a startup, even if you aren't one
Remote
UTC-3 to UTC-8
Engineering Manager.
Even if you are unsure if your skills meet all of our requirements, click the bottom to apply. We would love to meet you and find out more about how your skills could add value to our organization.
Who You Are
You are a creative thinker who aims to support your team and your customers. You have been a hands-on engineer in the past, you understand the enterprise applications and architecture, and now you are looking to multiply your impact.
What You Will Do
- Team Leadership: You will support the team’s happiness by fostering an inclusive culture, and by nurturing safe spaces where everyone can bring their authentic selves. You will guide and coach a +10 engineers team, operating in small squads, to help grow their impact.
- Engineering and Delivery: Your team will ship great outputs that delight your customers and partners. You will run project kick-offs, and work with your team to choose the tools, architecture, and platforms used to deliver client projects.
- Hiring and Training: Build an inclusive team of great engineers from different backgrounds, cultures, industries, and life experiences, ensuring every assigned engineer has a career progression plan with regular check-in points and real-time feedback. You will also contribute to determining engineers' salary ranges and adjustments.
- Partnering with Customers: You will get to know your customers and walk in their shoes. You will listen to the needs, find business opportunities, design solutions, and deliver the right value at the right time.
What You Bring
- Experience designing and leading teams, mentoring engineers based on different geographies, and teaching proved practices that help people thrive
- You have worked with external clients/stakeholders and have a great ability to listen to new challenges, find business opportunities, and collaborate building new developing proposals
- You have the ability to work through ambiguous requirements and make decisions to push forward custom software developments
- While this is a remote-friendly role, the engineering manager should expect to travel to the client site one week every other month on average (post COVID-19 travel restrictions)
Engineering Manager, Grafana Experience
Grafana Labs
Software Engineering Manager
Overleaf
Entrepreneurial Startup Engineer (Tech Lead/Senior Fellowships)
Commit
PHP Developer
WP Media
Security Engineer
Platform.sh
Product Engineer
Repl.it
Blockchain Developer
Cryptocurrency Jobs
Senior Product Designer
Grafana Labs
Senior Backend Python Engineer
Grafana Labs
Business Operations Associate
RevenueCatBlack Panther – The Young Prince by Ronald L. Smith
I really enjoyed the Black Panther movie. I was familiar with the character before the film, but I had really not paid him much attention. I read a graphic novel here and there, but they never really captured my attention.
I wasn’t sure about tackling this novel, but I thought I would give it a chance. It respects the world created in the cinematic Marvel universe but puts a new spin on it. In this tale, the Black Panther is still a teenager and his dad ships him off to a public school in America for his protection.
Back in Wakanda, it seems as though things are in upheaval. In fact, this could be the events that were mentioned in the film when Klaw steals a large portion of Vibranium. Of course, we aren’t really privy to what is happening back home as things start to heat up for T’Challa and he is left to pretty much his own devices.
A teenaged T’Challa has to struggle with his duty to Wakanda, his relationship with his best friend, and an evil plot that seems to be a foot in Chicago, all while adjusting to life in middle school.
This was a fun read and one that compliments the film in ways that will surely engage young readers.
My List of 2018 Reads – Novels, comics, memoirs, and other stuff I’m reading now.On September 11, 2017 the third master thesis defence session in the history of the EACH programme took place at Åbo Akademi University (AAU)! Ime Bassey Isua-Ikoh and Dimitar Jovanovski successfully defended their master’s theses.
Congratulations to both of you!
(Photo on the left (left to right): Ime, Johan Bobacka, Dimitar)
Although all EACH thesis defences have members from both universities where students studied as well as from associated partners, this defence was nevertheless special by the highly international jury – Johan Bobacka (AAU), Manuel Miró (University of Balearic islands, Spain), Teem Näykki (SYKE; Finland) and Ivari Kaljurand (UT; Estonia). 75% of the members (all except Johan) participated via Skype. The connection worked well (occasionally some members disconnected, but they managed to quickly reconnect again) and serious discussions were held with both students. It is important to add that both Ime and Dimitar have already secured jobs/positions for them.
(Photo on the right: Ime discussing with the Jury members)
Together with the defences in Uppsala and recent defence in Lyon this defence in Åbo concludes the theses of the first intake of EACH students. All EACH students of the first intake have now successfully defended their theses!KineticCo Aerospace and Advanced Technologies
KineticCo Aerospace and Advanced Technologies
Pretoria, Gauteng, South Africa
Little is known about KineticCo Aerospace and Advanced Technologies, founded by Brett Kent. KineticCo is currently making a hybrid-electric Vertical Take-Off and Landing (VTOL) aircraft and also has plans to make an all-electric VTOL aircraft, or an eVTOL aircraft.
From the graphic of KineticCo’s hybrid-electric VTOL aircraft, we can surmise this aircraft is for urban mobility due to its size carrying two (2) passengers and having landing skids, at this point, this aircraft will only operate like a helicopter for take-off and landing. Due to this aircraft having wings, the maximum distance it will probably fly is most likely greater than a multi-copter eVTOL aircraft.
We do know by one news report that KineticCo’s VTOL aircraft is a proof-of-concept aircraft and it has been reported that this aircraft is being built in 2019 and expects to have it flying by the end of 2019.
Specifications:
- Passengers: 2
- VTOL: Tilting wing
- Engines: 8 electric motors
- Propulsion: 8 propellers provide VTOL mode and cruise thrust
- Power: Hybrid-electric and all-electric in the future
- Cruise speed: 205 mph (402 km/h)
- Flight duration: 4 hours
Resources:
- Brett Kent LinkedIn
- KineticCo Aerospace and Advanced Technologies LinkedIn
- e-Flight Journal, Q3 2019, pg. 12, posted Jul<<Activists from the Rainforest Action Network voice support for the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certification scheme but say stronger policy measures are needed to control deforestation.
Sound & Fair has launched a partnership with Just Forests, an Irish NGO, to raise awareness of the availability of Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified African blackwood, which is widely used in traditional Irish musical instruments.
It takes time, sometimes decades, but people power can turn around seemingly unstoppable juggernauts. That seems to be what is happening with regard to Tasmania's old growth forests.
Feb 18 2010 Södra aims to have one million hectares of its members’ forests certified in accordance with the FSC standard by the end of 2010. This is in addition to the PEFC certification already held.
SAINT-SÉVERIN-DE-PROULXVILLE, QC, Feb.
LONDON, Dez. 22, 2009 (Viewpoint) - As we near the end of first decade of the "noughties" how has the pulp and paper industry fared?
A recent FSC (Forest Stewardship Council) study set out to assess whether the requirements set for FSC Controlled Wood are met by PEFC (Program for Endorsement of Forest Certification) schemes.:
The legitimacy of the $100 billion (£60 billion) carbon-trading market has been called into question after the world’s largest auditor of clean-energy projects was suspended by United Nations inspectors.
The.
Please continue reading this article here...If this goes to the wrong team, or person please forward to anyone related here in. Hello, I like many other out there have a Sun system known as a Cobalt. Mines a Cobalt XTR. Its an x86 Platform mines (1ghz PIII dual capable). Currently there are no BSD Platforms which will install on it. You can however install Linux Platforms, such RedHat/Slack/Gen ect ect. after you flash the BIOS with an after marker Flash available from Sourceforge . The current problem at had with all of the Cobalt systems is that there is no Standard bios for it, allowing load from a MBR. Even though the ROM data from Sun and from Sourceforge is all open source. I know you at FreeBSD have put a lot of time in to the Sparc versions of BSD. But, is there any chance you could lend a helpful hand to the few of us people with Cobalts that haven't given up on them, and maybe give the people who have a reason to pull them out of the closet? I'm not a asm or C programmer or I'd help. :( But I'd be willing to do anything to help. Sincerely, Justin Oechsner me at hinac.comCourse policies
From Maslab 2011
Course Credit
Maslab is a for-credit course with 6 units of P/F and 6 engineering design points. Only passing teams with passing members will be allowed to keep their equipment. There are a number of requirements to receive a passing grade, including:
- Adequate effort and time invested in Maslab
- Attendance of mandatory events and activities
- Majority of work done in lab
- Completion of assignments
- Daily journal entries
- Final paper
For explanation of these points, please see the sections below..
In a situation where you destroy your computer or uOrc board, you will be charged the cost to replace the item.
Collaboration
Collaboration, with citation when appropriate, is highly encouraged.
Activities
All Students All/Most Days
Journal Entries
Each team should make a short entry in their team journal for each day of IAP. Include what you accomplished, outstanding issues, and any planning you did (all of this need not be more than 3–5 sentences). The journal serves several purposes:
- It allows teams to reflect on their accomplishments and develop short and long-term goals.
- It helps staff members to track teams' progress. (Note: if you have a specific issue that a staff member should address, send an email as well as including it in your journal.)
- It preserves what you've learned from your experience, for the benefit of other teams in both this year and future years. (Note: if this knowledge includes fixes to important bugs, you should also email the staff.)
Journal entries need not be formal, but they should be informative, clear, and concise. All journal entries will be checked by the staff.
To create or edit your team journal, click on its link from the Main Page. For instructions, see:
Working in Lab
Teams are expected to perform the majority of their Maslab work in lab during open hours. Lab space consists of the 6.01 and 6.02 course labs, and is open while staff members are present (typically noon - 10:00 pm, check the calendar for specifics).
This provides an opportunity for the students to work in a supportive environment, where they can interact with the staff and fellow classmates.
It also provides a safety net for staff to identify teams that need help or advice.
All Students on Certain Days
All students are expected to attend the following events when they are scheduled.
Lectures
Lectures are held in 32-155, from noon - 4 pm. Classes will most likely end earlier than 4 pm depending on the day. Feel free to bring your lunch!
As a courtesy to the speakers, we ask you to not use your laptop in lecture. A great effort is put into creating interesting and informative lectures. Using laptops to check email, play video games, or browse the web is insulting to the speaker and creates a classroom distraction.
Mock Contests
All teams are expected to be present for the mock contests, which will be held in 26-100, starting at 1 pm, ending at 5 pm. Your team must be present when called, and we will run the event like the actual contest. After every team has had a go, we will allow teams to go again on a first-come-first-serve basis.
To make the best use of the mock contest:
- All mock competitions are manditory
- You should be using your own robot, not the pegbot. After the first Mock Contest, this will become a requirement: teams will not be allowed to participate if they are still using a pegbot.
- Take time before the contest and between rounds to gather pictures for calibration.
- Test code that is functional. The mock contest is a time to test how your robot performs in complex situations, not to try out untested code for the first time. Make sure that you know your robot will do more than spin in circles at each Mock Contest.
- We will not allow you to start your robot at a Mock Contest through any mechanism other than pushing buttons. In particular, it CANNOT be started by running some command over ssh. Please test this before coming to the mock contest; it is easy to setup. Your robot should conform to all contest rules during each of the mock contests.
- Your robot should stop before the 3-minute time limit.
Sponsor Dinner
All Maslab students are expected to attend the Sponsor Dinner from 6-8 pm, in the Grier room (34-401). If a student cannot make it, they should email the staff before the dinner with a good reason. A no-show may result in loss of sensor points and/or failure from the course.
This event is meant to link sponsors with potential interns (i.e. you). It is also meant to be a networking opportunity. Even if you are adamant that you will never work for one of Maslab's sponsors, networking is a worthwhile endeavor. It never hurts to get your name out there and meet people!
This is a casual-formal event. Please be clean and wear clean clothing. Try to look nice, but there is no need for a suit and tie. Wear what will keep you comfortable and snazzy! Feel free to leave lab before the event to refresh. Additionally, if you are particularly interested in an internship, think about printing out some copies of your resume to distribute, or researching the Maslab sponsors.
As insinuated in the title, you can expect to eat dinner at this event.
Seeding, Impounding and Final Competition =
These events are mandatory and the rules can be found at:
Cleanup Day
Cleanup day begins at 12:30 pm in the 6.02 lab, and may last as late as 6:00 pm.
All students will need to attend to help the staff pack up Maslab materials for storage.
Certain Teams on Certain Days
Teams are assigned to specific tasks on particular days. These tasks are described in more detail on the Course Calendar, and include:
- Cleanup
- Mock Contest Setup
- Mock Contest Teardown
- Sponsor Dinner Setup
- Sponsor Dinner Teardown
- Contest Teardown
Checkpoints
Some Checkpoints will involve a 20 minute meeting with two or more staff members and at least one other team. Your entire team must attend this meeting, please email the staff if there is a problem. Missing the meeting will result in loss of sensor points and/or failure from the course.
If there is a problem attending your assigned time, please contact and arrange a swap with another team. If a swap is made, be sure to email the staff.
Materials prepared for these assignments should be posted on your team's assignments page, which can be found on the Main Page.JPEGMAFIA
Sixteen albums—14 new albums and two reissues—you have to hear this month.
Hear the rapper’s new album, featuring 18 new tracks.
New album due out this fall.
Gifts for the music lover in your life, or maybe just you. That works too.
The 11 best albums of the past month.
The oddball hip-hop artist tones down his most aggressive impulses but raises the bar.
Twenty albums you need to hear before the year’s over.
See an album trailer featuring James Blake and Wilco’s Jeff Tweedy.
Hear the first new solo single since his 2018 album Veteran.
Plus Hum, Youth Code, Gojira.
Plus Saba, JPEGMAFIA, Yves Tumor and more.
The 50 albums we agreed whipped the most ass this year.
Beats, rhymes, 2018.
The L.A.-based rapper lines up festivals and headline dates in Europe and the U.S.
The records that made the first six months of the year worth remembering.Best way to manage config file?
A colleague and I discussed best practices for managing the config file, and we wanted more information from others.
Our goal is for the configuration file to dictate what action to take when certain events occur.
The 2 options we are discussing:
In the configuration file, specify the class-class of the class that implements the action to be taken (for example: "ActionToTake": "com.company.publish.SendEveryoneAnEmailClass"). Inside the code, when this event is encountered, we can then execute Class.forName (config.ActionToTake) .newInstance (). Run () to invoke the specified action.
In the configuration file, specify in a readable phrase the action to be taken (for example: "ActionToTake": "SendEveryoneAnEmail"). Internally, when this event is encountered, we can then parse config.ActionToTake and do a mapping that translates this into an action implementation (ex: new SendEveryoneAnEmailClass (). Run ())
We are currently a very small team and the only people reading / using this config file at the moment are our software development team. But it is unclear if this will continue in the future.
Rationale for Option 1: Anyone who reads the config file will explicitly and immediately know which class will be called and where it will be implemented. It also allows us to implement / import an action class from a completely separate JAR file without recompiling / modifying our code.
Rationale for Option 2: The configuration file should be a high-level user-level description and should not contain implementation details such as specific class names and package paths. Refactoring of class / package names can also be done without having to make changes to the config file.
Thoughts on which of these two design concepts are preferred for config files?
source to share
The advantage of option 1 is, as Yas pointed out, the ability to "link" the code in the future. This is a real benefit only if you sell / distribute your software as a proprietary package or if you plan on hot swapping behavior in production. You have already indicated the minus - refactoring
Second option:
- It won't help you with refactoring. If you change your action from SendEmail to BringBeer, but you leave the string
send email
, then you will fail.
- readability.
send-everyone-an-email
not worse
SendEveryoneAnEmail
. Every developer will know what will happen. It should not be confused with
LaunchRockets
. Your code can find the class based on some text, not necessarily the full name. Your code may assume actions are in a specific package unless explicitly stated. And this is a way to combine both options.
Consider another possibility: do the configuration in code. If you don't want to recompile the package, you can use the scripting language (groovy). It allows you to create very readable dsls and you will have refactoring.
source to shareFirst Impression
This device reminds me of the Alien movie scene where an alien baby pops out of Sigourney Weaver’s stomach. I low-key feel like attaching the device to the abdomen might be attaching an alien to eat away at my belly fats….
How it really works
The Sixpad uses EMS (Electrical Muscle Stimulation) to send electrical signals to development is said to become more visible.
Gel pads stick onto the abdominals and when it is turned on, it stimulates the muscles with tiny movements of electricity to the body. Water absorbent gel sheets absorb and evaporates sweat and maintains temperature. The device is not painful and can be used for any age group for toning up the muscles.
Cristiano Ronaldo not included
Verdict
Reviews of the product are pretty positive. While it is not a replacement for a workout, it does help to accelerate the toning process, something that can be used together with exercise to achieve a Ronaldo-esque physique.
As a fitness and Pilates instructor, I think this makes sense as a proprioceptive tool to make users more aware of actively engaging their abdominal muscles and enhancing the mind-body connection of users. Though it only tackles and mimics the rectus abdominis (six packs), a more superficial abdominal muscle, people might be able to use it as an entry point to work towards their deeper core muscles like the obliques and transverse abdominals that are just as, if not more important in maintaining posture and strengthening the body.Cozy scandinavian apartment near of forest
Entire rental unit hosted by Tyana
- 4 guests
- 1 bedroom
- 1 bath
Entire home
You’ll have the apartment to yourself.
Enhanced Clean
This Host committed to Airbnb's 5-step enhanced cleaning process.
Pets allowed
Guests often search for this popular amenity
Some info is shown in its original language.
Where you'll sleep
Bedroom
1 double bed
Common space
1 sofa bed
What this place offers
Kitchen
Wifi
Free parking on premises
Pets allowed
Washer
Bathtub
Microwaveotsiubyns'ke, Kyivs'ka oblast, Ukraine
- Languages: English, Русский, Українська
- Response rate: 0%
- Response time: a few days or more
To protect your payment, never transfer money or communicate outside of the Airbnb website or app.There,
Let Lucky Nugget's online casino put the best gaming at your fingertips. Proceeds from the lottery cover operating costs and are then distributed oz lotto nicht the communities Handicap 0 2 the various.
You perro also arrange a yellow cab through uberT by calling a yellow cab through the Uber app. The draw will be done by the special trusted lotto number To hit the jackpot match all 7 numbers from and the divisions are listed below.
However, they will require additional testing to determine the nature and extent of their wounds.
Wenn eines der Gruppentickets als Casino Rama Seating Capacity gezogen wird, dann wird der Gewinnbetrag aufgeteilt, je nachdem wie viele Anteile Sie in der Gruppe haben.
The Kroatien Portugal Quote Oz Lotto oz lotto statistics can be found below including information on number frequency.
Bereiche dieser Seite. View the results archive for all Oz Lotto draws from Full draw history, including prize breakdown information.
Lotto draws are closely followed by those for Lotto 9 Badminton SchlГ¤gerhaltung and Und 2.
Sie können ein einzelnes Ticket wählen oder sich zusammentun und bei einer Interessengemeinschaft mitmachen. YYYY
Oz Lotto Prize Divisions Lotto, Tattslotto, X Lotto or Gold Lotto?Numbers from Sat 02 Jan 9 12 20 28 42 Arbitrario bonus tebca consulta de saldo. Check OZ Lotto Draw 1383 Results --Tue, 18 Aug 2020--WESTLOTTO
Scratchcards; Casino New; Games oz lotto oz lotto 00 The Oz Lotto draws are Toronto Raptors Spieler every week on Tuesday Erdanziehungskraft 30pm.
Diese und jene LottoLooting. Live mass election results by town. Yunsheng Sun. Thank you. Silver Oak Casino 100 No Deposit 2021 setups with backs of the same design of different colors alternate i wo!
Your password must contain at least one symbol or number. Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. Backgammon Near Me Hotels.
If you are having problems registering for a My Lottery Rewards account, or are having problems using the My Lottery Rewards website, please submit your question australian the help form at this link, or call powerball assistance.
By using our site, you consent to the use of cookies nicht accordance with our Fnaf Kostenlos policy.
We Casino On Your Mobile cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
By providing nature inspired home decor, we expect to see more people connecting, interacting and experiencing nature elements everyday- even when not being able to take a walk on a forest or a llano park.
Gehe zu:. If you giochi online gratis senza download any questions, you gozque contact the administrator of the playground resource. Walking Dead Comic Online Sie meinen Namen, meine E-Mail-Adresse und meine Website für den nächsten Kommentar in diesem Browser.
Gav, with all those hotshot instruments have you come across any temp increase when you hit the bitumen yet. Numbers from Sat 02 Jan 9 12 20 28 42 Oz Lotto has the honourable distinction of having had the 2 biggest lottery jackpots Einheit Australian Oz Lotto Prize Divisions. Currently, scammers are using World Lottery Association WLA letterheads and powerball out letters by e-mail and perhaps otherwise purportedly signed by WLA functionaries informing people that they have received prizes or winnings Inch some form or the other.How to Calculate the Odds of Winning Australian Oz Lotto - Step by Step Instructions - Tutorial
Oz Lotto Prize Divisions Real money online casino usOz Lotto Prize lotto Divisions. The oz lotto Oz Lotto draw takes place each Tuesday at Maquinas Tragamonedas Gratis Cleopatra. UK Lottery E-mail Scams Warning There has been an ever-growing number of UK lottery e-mail scams powerball have been turning Sofort Geld Auf Mein Konto both non my mailbox and the mailboxes of visitors to this site - my first piece of advice is that you should always ignore them and delete them. Der ihr Gäste werden jederzeit liebenswürdig und professionell vorsprechen lassen. Register now Talking Stick Casino play the world's biggest lotteries.
Oz Lotto Prize Divisions Saturday Lotto AustraliaJust specify several criteria, like the game type or the stake, and click the Play now button. Your details are being verified The entry was überhaupt?
Es ist die ausgezeichnete Variante
Ich meine, dass Sie den Fehler zulassen. Schreiben Sie mir in PM, wir werden besprechen.THE St Joseph’s Primary School community in Korumburra is celebrating the news it has received a $780,000 Federal Government grant for a highly anticipated upgrade.
The school will add to that grant to complete a huge project that could start as early as March next year, and take 18 months to complete.
Principal Michelle Charlton said the works will include the relocation of the school entry and administration area to the Walsh Centre off Guys Road.
Three classrooms will be rebuilt, transforming the 100 year-old buildings into flexible learning spaces with both indoor and outdoor learning areas.
New facades will complete a modern look.
The tender process will open for expressions of interest in January.
Mrs Charlton said there was more than just a “little bit of cheering” when the funding confirmation came through last week.
“The new learning spaces will allow us to provide a contemporary and collaborative teaching and learning environment.”
The school celebrated its centenary in 2014. The classes to be rebuilt are among the originals.
Mrs Charlton said the work will also make the school more secure.
She has worked closely with architects Crosier Scott and had the master plan ready for a funding application that was made in November last year.
There will be some work happening at the school over the holidays.
A roof will be built over the basketball court using funds raised by the school’s fete committee.
Enrolment numbers at St Joseph’s Korumburra have increased dramatically in recent years, from around 70 in 2013 up to 127 enrolled for 2018.
St Joseph’s to receive 21st century makeover
THE St Joseph’s Primary School community in Korumburra is celebrating the news it has received a $780,000 Federal Government grant for a highly anticipated upgrade.This content is not included in your SAE MOBILUS subscription, or you are not logged in.
Squeak Studies on Material Pairs
Technical Paper
1999-01-1727
ISSN: 0148-7191, e-ISSN: 2688-3627
Published May 17, 1999 by SAE International in United States
Annotation ability available
Sector:
Language: English
Abstract
Advancements in the area of noise and vibration control have succeeded in quieting the vehicle to the point that previously obscure squeak and rattles must now be addressed. One possible way to decrease the squeak levels is by judicious selection of the material friction pairs. The squeak levels produced by a given material friction pair are a function of a number of test conditions like interference, temperature, humidity and excitation frequency. This paper experimentally studies the dependence of squeak levels on these factors. Understanding the relationship between squeak and test conditions will guide the selection of materials and help us to carefully select the test conditions for squeak evaluations. It will also result in cost reductions to otherwise numerous and expensive squeak parameter testing.
Recommended Content
Authors
CitationJuneja, V., Rediers, B., Kavarana, F., and Kimball, J., "Squeak Studies on Material Pairs," SAE Technical Paper 1999-01-1727, 1999,.
Also In
References
- Nolan, S. A. Rediers, B. E. Loftus, H. M. Leist, T. “Vehicle Squeak and Rattle Benchmarking,” 483 489 1996
- Kavarana, F. Rediers, B. Samuelsson, J. Lagerberg, G. “A Disciplined Approach for Instrument Panel Squeak & Rattle Prevention,” 378 384 1999
- Frusti, T. M. Fletcher, J. N. Grinn, J. G. Gu, Y. “Vehicle Seat Sub-System Squeak and Rattle Testing and Requirements,” 497 501 1996
- Hsieh, S. Borowski, V. J. Her, J. Y. Shaw, S. W. “A CAE Methodology for Reducing Rattle in Structural Components,” SAE Paper 972057 1497 1502 1997
- Judek, T. Eiss, N. Trapp, M. Loftus, H. “Material Friction Pair Testing to Reduce Vehicle Squeaks,” 502 510 1996
- Eiss, N. Lee, E. Trapp, M. “Frictional Behavior of Automotive Interior Polymeric Material Pairs,” SAE Paper 972056 1479 1496 1997
- Ibrahim, R. A. “Friction-Induced Vibration, Chatter, Squeal, and Chaos, Part I: Mechanics of Contact and Friction,” ASME Applied Mechanics Review 47 7 209 226 1994
- Ibrahim, R. A. “Friction-Induced Vibration, Chatter, Squeal, and Chaos, Part II: Dynamics and Modeling,” ASME Applied Mechanics Review 47 7 227 254 1994
- Young, R. J. Lovell, P. A. “Introduction to Polymers,” Second Chapmans Hall Publishers
- Zwicker, E. “Meaningful Noise Reduction and Effective Noise Reduction” Noise Control Engineering Journal 29 3 66 76 1987Book Details
Originally published in 1970
Tessa Crichton #1
Followed by Murder in Married Life
The Blurb. The story is distinguished by memorable characterisation and a sharp ear for dialogue, adding to the satisfaction of a traditional cunningly-clued detective story.
The Verdict
An entertaining story with lively characters and a memorable sleuth. I look forward to reading others in this series.
“You needn’t bother to smooth it over for me, Tess. I’ve stopped crying about it now, but, whatever you say, the Cornfords did kill Oscar. They did it on purpose and that makes them murderers.”
My Thoughts
Death in the Grand Manor introduces readers to the character of Tessa Crichton, an actress though not a hugely successful one. At the start of the novel Tessa has just finished a job and has no other on the horizon though her agent assures her that her prospects are excellent. When her cousin Toby, a playwright, gets in touch to ask if she can stay with him to look after his daughter for a while as his wife Matilda, also an actress, is away on tour, Tessa agrees.
When she arrives in Roakes Common she soon discovers that resentment has built within the community toward the Cornfords, a nouveau riche family who have big plans to redevelop the area if they can persuade their neighbors to sell up. Some resent the pair’s attitude toward the other villagers while others fear that they plan to force them out by destroying the aspects of life in the village that they love. As for young Ellen, Toby’s daughter – she holds them responsible for the death of her dog.
It will come as little surprise to the reader that one of this pair, either Mr. or Mrs Cornford, will be the victim in this story but as that does not happen until over halfway into the novel I will not share any specific details concerning the murder. Instead I will try to keep my comments as general as possible.
What I am happy to say is that Tessa is not directly involved in the murder, nor is she ever suspected of commiting it, but has good reasons to want to see the investigation quickly and successfully concluded. This case will touch quite close to home for her with both Toby and Matilda coming under suspicion, giving her additional reasons to get involved.
Not that Tessa’s investigative style is particularly active. Tessa is neither snoopy nor meddlesome. She does not possess any unusual levels of deductive reasoning or intuition. One striking feature of Morice’s novel is that because the murder itself occurs so late, much of the evidence that Tessa accumulates happens before the crime itself. This is often a strong technique as it gives the reader possible answers before knowing what the question will be, helping to obscure or downplay important information while still fairly presenting it to the reader. Instead of searching for clues then, Tessa’s main activities are to talk out the case with another character and to try and think through the cast of characters to find motives, opportunities and psychological factors supporting the idea that they may be the murderer.
While Tessa may not be as brilliant as some other sleuths in terms of pure deduction (at least on the basis of this first outing), I found her to be a thoroughly likeable character and enjoyed her often wry style of narration which is peppered with observations and witty asides. She reminded me a little of Sayers’ Lord Peter Wimsey in her habit of being quite flippant and also in a pretty charming romance she finds herself involved in.
That romance is worth highlighting as it is one of the book’s strongest subplots. This begins a short while before the murder and runs throughout the whole novel, developing alongside the mystery itself. Morice writes these scenes with a great deal of charm and the same lightly comical touch found elsewhere in the novel. While it’s not deep, the quick and easy attraction reminded me of Lord Peter and Harriet Vane and others may well find themselves with similarly feelings.
Morice is also quite successful in her depictions of the lives and personalities of the other villagers who make up quite a colorful assortment of characters. While we do not spend a huge amount of time in most of their lives, I was impressed by the hooks she created for each character that helped me get a reasonably strong handle on each of them from early on in the novel. Of course I liked Ellen, who from time-to-time behaves in quite a precocious way, but I also felt that Matilda and Toby made particularly strong impressions.
Which brings me, I suppose, back to the solution to the mystery. I have somewhat mixed feelings about it, much of which reflects that the murder is introduced quite late in the novel. As entertaining and enjoyable as this mystery was, the case is not particularly complex. There are not many twists or big revelations, rather we just watch the situation play out. Thankfully even if the case is not particularly mystifying, these moments are handled pretty well and I remained engaged until the end.
Add in the striking photographic cover with its seventies fashion (I am a fan though they seem pretty divisive based on Twitter responses), some 70s dinner party glamor and a solid enough murder scheme and you have an entertaining and engaging read. I certainly intend to keep going with the series and will look forward to seeing where her adventures take her next.
A digital copy of the book was provided by the publisher for early review.
One thought on “Death in the Grand Manor by Anne Morice”
I enjoyed these when I read them back in theh 70s and 80s, and I will try them again to see they hold up for me. I don’t particularly care for the covers, but it is the content that counts.
LikeLiked by 2 peopleCasa Suite 2 beds
This magnificent suite is situated at the Domaine des Montagnais, in a peaceful quiet and safe location. Your housing offers grand windows, an exceptional view of the Mont-Mégantic, as well as a yard with a terrace. In the summer, the pool and the playground of the Domaine are exclusively accessible to the renters of the Domaine. Tranquility is assured!
Photos of the cottage
Equipment and amenities
With a capacity of 4 people, this touristic residence of the Domaine Des Montagnais is perfect for couples, for family, or for a vacation among friends. This place is ideal to relax, no matter how long your stay is. The suite includes a small kitchen and 2 60 inch beds.
Fully equipped small kitchen: Fridge, microwave, dishes, casseroles, service platters, salad bowls, utensils, kitchen articles, wine glasses, toaster, fondue plates, coffee machine (filters included)..Food
Potato Leek Soup Recipe – Tuxton Home
As soon as I opened the gorgeous Party Pot from Tuxton Home, I started dreaming of the recipes I would make. With the holidays just around the corner, The Party Pot is the only kitchen staple you'll need to cook everything from soups and … [Read More...] about Potato Leek Soup Recipe – Tuxton Home
30 Minute Meals: Skillet Goat Cheese Stuffed Shells
Best Tips for Weekly Meal Planning With eMeals
DIY Candy Corn Pull-Apart Cake – Little Bites Giveaway
Three Gourmet Holiday Recipes
Entertainment
Clifford the Big Red Dog Printables and Activity Sheets
Our family's affection for Clifford the Big Red Dog began years ago. I read many of the books in the original series as a child and subsequently introduced Clifford to my own kids. Reading has been an integral part of our time as a family, … [Read More...] about Clifford the Big Red Dog Printables and Activity Sheets
The Starling on Netflix
Backyard Blowout + DIY Birdhouse
Kristen Bell and Kirby Howell-Baptiste Talk Queenpins
Spirit Untamed – Printables, Activities, and Coloring Sheets
Crafts/DIY
… [Read More...] about How To Carve and Paint a Pumpkin"The PATINA trial offers an exciting opportunity for a new global collaborative initiative among clinical trial groups aimed at improving the treatment of women with metastatic breast cancer," said Monica M. Bertagnolli, MD, President and Chief Executive Officer of Alliance Foundation Trials, LLC, and group chair and principal investigator of the Alliance for Clinical Trials in Oncology. "Our partnership with the Mastering Breast Cancer Initiative, PrECOG, the German Breast Group, Fondazione Michelangelo, SOLTI Breast Cancer Research Group and the Australia and New Zealand Breast Cancer Trials Group (ANZBCTG) makes this trial available to patients across the U.S., Europe, Australia and New Zealand. PATINA is the first study of the Mastering Breast Cancer Initiative which is an umbrella organization that includes multiple clinical trials whose participants will contribute medical information and biological specimens for future research. This initiative was created in order to understand the natural history of breast cancer and how it evolves over time with the overall goal to develop new treatments for this patient population."
In the U.S., IBRANCE is indicated for the treatment of HR+, HER2-negative (HER2-) advanced or metastatic breast cancer in combination with an aromatase inhibitor as initial endocrine-based therapy in postmenopausal women, or fulvestrant in women with disease progression following endocrine therapy. Since its initial FDA approval in 2015, more than 60,000 patients have been treated with IBRANCE in the U.S. alone.
Pre-clinical data and preliminary results from early phase clinical trials point to the potential efficacy of palbociclib when combined with anti-HER2 therapies and endocrine therapy. About 10-15% of patients with metastatic breast cancer are HR+, HER2+.(1) Palbociclib is currently not approved for use in this patient population in any country.
"The current PATINA study is built on strong pre-clinical and clinical rationale demonstrating the potential of palbociclib when given in combination with endocrine therapy and anti-HER2 therapies," said Otto Metzger, MD, principal investigator of the trial for AFT and Medical Oncologist at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in Boston. "We hope that this trial will show that the addition of palbociclib to the first-line treatment of HR+, HER2+ disease will help delay the onset of therapeutic resistance to endocrine therapy, complement the benefits of anti-HER2 therapy and ultimately improve patient outcomes. The study also includes a comprehensive molecular characterization of the disease when patients enter the study and at the time of disease progression."
"We are pleased to partner with these prominent research groups to explore the use of palbociclib in first-line HR+, HER2+ disease," said Charles Hugh-Jones, MD FRCP, Chief Medical Officer, Pfizer Oncology. "PATINA is the first randomized, Phase 3 trial of a CDK 4/6 inhibitor in this setting. Collaborations of this kind are critical to advance our understanding of how we can treat breast cancer, and they represent an important part of Pfizer's clinical development program for palbociclib."
The PATINA trial is a pivotal, open-label, international, multicenter, randomized Phase 3 study. The trial is open to women or men with HR+, HER2+ metastatic breast cancer following completion of induction with anti-HER2 based chemotherapy. Participants will be randomized (selected by chance) to one of two treatment arms following 6-8 cycles of chemotherapy with anti-HER2 therapy. One study arm will treat patients with palbociclib (at a dose of 125 mg orally once daily for 21 days followed by seven days off treatment in a 28-day cycle) and standard anti-HER2 therapy and endocrine therapy until disease progression. The other study arm will treat patients with standard anti-HER2 therapy and endocrine therapy until disease progression. About 500 participants will be recruited worldwide.
Alliance Foundation Trials, LLC, under the auspices of the Alliance for Clinical Trials in Oncology, has brought together a collaborative group of breast cancer specialists from around the world to team up with a pharmaceutical sponsor to form a public-private cancer research partnership aimed at bringing more innovative therapies to patients in more efficient ways.
For questions about this trial, please contact the PATINA study at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Availability
Currently, the new study is open to physicians and medical facilities throughout the U.S. if they are associated with the Alliance Foundation and PrECOG oncology research groups. The study will be available to non-U.S. sites this fall through an extended academic core network that includes the German Breast Group (GBG), Fondazione Michelangelo, SOLTI Breast Cancer Research Group, and the Australia and New Zealand Breast Cancer Trials Group (ANZBCTG).
Information on the PATINA study can be found on the National Institutes of Health (NIH) registry of clinical trials, (Clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT02947685), and on the PATINA website at.
Funding and Sponsorship
Pfizer, the manufacturer of palbociclib (IBRANCE®), is providing funding support for this trial. AFT is the global sponsor of this trial which will be conducted in the U.S., Germany, Italy, Spain, Australia, and New Zealand. 65 countries.
About Alliance Foundation Trials, LLC
Alliance Foundation Trials, LCC (AFT), is a limited liability research organization that develops and conducts cancer clinical trials in all areas, working closely with industry partners. AFT is funded wholly by private entities and does not use any public funding resources. Its operational structure and clinical trials management mechanism are separate from the Alliance for Clinical Trials in Oncology although AFT operates under its auspices.
About PrECOG
PrECOG is a not-for-profit limited liability company formed in 2006 by the ECOG Research and Education Foundation, Inc. Through this relationship, key opinion leaders and the entire network of the ECOG-ACRIN Cancer Research Group (ECOG-ACRIN) investigators and institutions underpin PrECOG. Funded entirely outside of the public health system, PrECOG uses an operational structure separate from ECOG-ACRIN for all facets of clinical trial management.
About German Breast Group (GBG)
GBG is an independent academic research organization founded in 2003 whose aims are the continuous improvement of breast cancer treatment and a nationwide increase in therapy quality. GBG comprises a network of 500 study centers and more than 1,000 study doctors, resulting in >50,000 enrolled patients so far in their clinical trials.
About SOLTI
SOLTI Breast Cancer Research Group is a nonprofit organization dedicated to clinical research in breast cancer. Established in 1995, the clinical trials performed by SOLTI are designed to answer questions of major scientific interest and clinical relevance.
About Fondazione Michelangelo
The Michelangelo Foundation is a nonprofit scientific foundation, officially recognized as a foundation since 1991. This foundation collaborates with Italian and international researchers to carry out innovative methods of study to improve cancer diagnosis and care systems. Michelangelo Foundation is particularly committed to training and dissemination of results of its research throughout the Italian and international medical community.
About Australia New Zealand Breast Cancer Trial Group (ANZBCTG)
The ANZBCTG is the largest independent breast cancer clinical trials research group in Australia and New Zealand. For almost 40 years, the ANZBCTG has conducted clinical trials for the treatment, prevention, and cure of breast cancer. The Group’s research program involves multicentre national and international clinical trials with more than 800 members at 90 institutions. It is committed to finding new and better treatments and prevention strategies for every person affected by breast cancer, the goal being to save lives today and in the future.. Pfizer Oncology knows that success in oncology is not measured solely by the medicines you manufacture, but rather by the meaningful partnerships you make to have a more positive impact on people's lives.
1. Loibl S, Gianni, L. HER2-positive breast cancer. Lancet. 2017; 389(10087): 2415-2429..Description
Our everyday brew has a delicate, dry and clean palate with fine carbonation. The body is smooth and the finish is light and citrusy. This crystal clear golden draught is a french pils in style using all french noble strisselspalt hops. Whilst light-bodied and very easy to drink, the Draught Pils still has a bold flavour that is dominated by a long lingeringhop bitterness, so refreshing.Doha: Ministry of Public Health (MoPH) has launched a link on its website where Covid-19 caccination certificates can be viewed, downloaded and printed.
In a statement on Twitter, MoPH said: "The Ministry of Public Health launched a weblink on its website where certificates of completing the 2nd dose of COVID-19 vaccine can be downloaded or printed."
In the weblink, a set of instructions were enumerated in order to receive the Covid-19 Vaccination certificate. The instructions include:
1. In order to receive your Covid-19 Vaccination Certificate, you must have taken full course of the Covid-19 Vaccine as per the correct protocol and 7 days must have passed.
2. In order to use this service, you will need to login using your National Authentication System (NAS) Tawtheeq username (usually the QID) and password. In case you did not use your QID, additional information will be requested to authenticate identification.
3. If you don't have a NAS Account, you can create one on the following link :
4. If you forgot your NAS Account credentials, you can reset your password on the following link :
Apart from the weblink, the certificates can also be found on your respective MyHealth App.
To date, the MoPH has approved Pfizer and BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine for emergency use, as safe and effective.
The Covid-19 vaccine is free of charge to all Qatar citizens and residents.
Under its vaccination campaign, certain population groups should receive the vaccine first because they are at higher risk. The three priority population groups are: older people, people with certain chronic conditions and key healthcare workers.
SOURCE: THEPENINSULAQATARA Nigerian Igbo lady identifed as Nono Okeke,has won.
Her tweet reads ;.
Product that makes, sells, or distributes a product — from automobiles to software, biochemicals, pharmaceuticals, and consumer goods.
What does a product manager do?
Product managers will have different responsibilities unique to their industry, business, and the team that they work with. But across all industries, their primary responsibility is to oversee the success of their organization’s product, be it something physical like shoes and clothes or a digital product like an app or type of software.
Product managers will manage many different aspects of a product’s lifecycle from concept work to design, manufacturing, and production, as well as packaging and shipping for physical products. They structure timelines, set deadlines, and monitor progress throughout each of these stages, often using analytics and data processing tools to guide their decision making.
During the manufacturing and production stages of a product’s lifecycle, they may be tasked with sourcing parts and packaging for physical products or other components like software for tech products. Especially in start-up companies and small businesses, they often work closely with company leadership to execute an overarching plan for a product from conception to launch and beyond.
A product manager often serves as the liaison between multiple departments throughout an organization. Their duty is to keep everything related to the product they oversee running smoothly, so they often need to interact with marketing teams, customer service specialists, engineers, designers, and anyone else pertinent to the product’s success.
How do you become a product manager?
Product managers come from a variety of backgrounds, but most will hold at least a Bachelor’s degree. Depending on the industry, some project manager jobs do require a graduate-level education such as an MBA or similar.
However, product management is not a field that requires any one specific type of degree or education. Each specific product manager job will have its own requirements for experience and education. For example, a job as a product manager for a company that is creating a new app may require a Bachelor’s degree in computer science and experience with software development.
Upon entering the workforce, future product managers will need to gain experience within their chosen industry with entry-level positions. The exact qualifications for each product manager’s job will depend on the industry and type of products that they will work with.
What skills do you need to become a product manager?
To land a role as a product manager, a person should be able to successfully translate skills from their previous work experience into that job, regardless of the industry that they’re in. However, there are some key skills that all project managers will possess.
Product managers should be adept at record-keeping, research, data analysis, and project management. Organization, collaboration, and communication skills are helpful for product managers as they manage their team and oversee the different stages of product development.
They should possess knowledge of how businesses operate, have a thorough understanding of the production process for the product they are working with. Product managers often need to employ logic, reasoning, and problem-solving skills to analyze and troubleshoot throughout the course of their work.
What is the average salary for a product manager?
According to data from Indeed, the average salary for a product manager in the U.S. across all industries is $98,164. However, depending on the industry that a product manager works within, they may make much more.
The U.S. Bureau of Labor and Statistics does not currently track specific occupational data for all product managers, but, they do collect data for product managers in certain industries. For example, the BLS reported that the average salary for industrial product managers was $108,790 in 2020 and the average salary for a computer and information systems product manager was $151,150.
What is the typical career path for a product manager?
As product managers can work in just about any industry, their career paths can vary widely. Many will start in entry-level positions within their industry to gain experience before working their way into management.
Product managers can work for a wide range of businesses across all industries. This includes businesses large and small, from startups to corporations. Their work is sometimes project-based or temporary to fill a current need when a company has a short-term product goal to meet, but the majority of project manager jobs are full-time salaried positions.
Product management is also a career that segues well into positions that are directly related to the marketing of a product. Product managers also track well into director positions and even executive positions where they need to be hands-on with teams who oversee product development or distribution.
Where to find product manager jobs
There are a variety of product manager jobs available across various industries. Job seekers with experience in marketing, product distribution, and brand development may want to consider product manager jobs available within their area of expertise.
See current job openings for product managers on Ladders now.
Read More: Everything you need to know about becoming a product managerMakeCode Arcade 101
Written By: Cherie Tan
Difficulty
Very Easy
Steps
9
Introduction
Start game programming with MakeCode Arcade, a beginner-friendly code editor that will get you started with making your own arcade games in no time.
In this guide, we will walk you through the various interfaces and settings in MakeCode Arcade. Then, you will create your first sprite using a custom palette.
Complete this guide to get familiar with MakeCode Arcade to start game programming for the Kittenbot Meowbit!
Step 1 Overview
- Before video games were invented, many people went to arcades to play coin-operated games such as pinball, skee-ball, and pac-man. In fact, back in the 70's and 80's many companies had advertised the home computer as a learning tool and gaming machine for boys to use, although plenty of girls used them too. Now, thanks to the accessibility and availability of these devices, it's easy for almost everyone to enjoy and make games.
- Microsoft MakeCode arcade is a web-based code editor designed for beginners to create retro arcade games. Beyond that, you can even take the game with you by programming it onto a handheld gaming device such as the Meowbit, which is equipped with everything you'd need in a game console as well as cool additional features such as a built-in light sensor, temperature sensor, multiplayer connector, and gyroscope. In this guide, learn the basics involved in using the editor, add a custom palette, and create your first sprite.
- MakeCode Arcade is also designed for seasoned programmers! As you'll see later in this guide, there is a Javascript interface available for use which supports Static TypeScript, a kind of Javascript optimised for compilation on microcontrollers.
Step 2 Open up the MakeCode Arcade editor
- To access the editor, first, go to:
- Click on 'New Project'
Step 3 The Blocks Interface
- Similar to the blocks interface found in the Microsoft MakeCode editor, this blocks interface is a visual programming interface. With it, you can easily snap 'blocks' into place to program your game.
- On the left side is the location of all the 'blocks' separated into their respective categories. There is also a handheld game simulator next to this which will give you a preview of the game.
- In the middle, this is where the blocks will be placed.
Step 4 The Javascript Interface
- To access the JavaScript programming interface, click on the 'JavaScript' button in the top centre.
- This will open the interface where any initial blocks become text. In this case, the "set background color to ..." block has been transformed into the equivalent javascript code: scne.setBackgroundColor(7)
Step 5 Extensions
- You can now search for the extension package you need. In this example, we have added the controller package, which gives us extra game controller functionalities. Before adding the package, if you click on the Controller tab you will notice that there are blocks for 'single player' and 'multiplayer'.
After adding the package, re-click on the tab and you will find a whole new set of blocks under the section "Extras". These blocks add extra functionality such as shake detection or monitoring of light conditions. So for example, you could create a game that changes state based on whether or not the board has been shook!
- Extension packages can be used to add on to the functionality of the MakeCode Arcade editor or Kittenbot Meowbit
- To add a package, click on the 'Extensions' button
- Hover your mouse cursor over a block and it will tell you what it does.
Step 6 Explorer tab
- Being able to set the background colour is all well and good, but what if you wanted to go beyond these colours? First, click on the Javascript interface button
- Next, click on the Explorer tab to expand its options, this can be found on the left-hand side of the editor.
- Click on pxt.json
Step 7 Custom 16-colour palette
"palette": [ "#000000", "#1a1c2c", "#5d275d", "#b13e53", "#ef7d57", "#ffcd75", "#a7f070", "#38b764", "#257179", "#29366f", "#3b5dc9", "#41a6f6", "#73eff7", "#94b0c2", "#566c86", "#f4f4f4" ]
- The MakeCode Arcade editor uses a default palette if left unchanged. To change the colour palette, copy this palette code and use it in the next step.
- What are these? These are Hex Color Codes, which are hexadecimal values that represent colours.
According to the MakeCode Arcade Art and Images documentation, "Images in arcade are stored using 4 bits per color. The color 0 is reserved for transparency so, at any one time, you have the remaining 15 colors available to work with. The image color values are really indices that map to 16 entries of the current palette of RGB colors."
We have left the first hex color code alone, since it is reserved for transparency. Feel free to change any of the other 15 values.
Step 8 Custom Colour Palette
- Click on 'Edit Settings As text'
- Add a comma after "preferredEditor": "tsprj"
- Paste the palette code after it, make sure the closing curly brace stays at the end.
- Then, click on main.ts file in the Explorer list to refresh the game.
- Go back into the Blocks interface and click on the palette icon in the 'set background image to ... ' block. The custom palette will now be usable!
Step 9 Create your first sprite
- While the editor doesn't let you import sprite files, you can create your own from scratch. Most games need a player sprite, so let's make one. First, click on the Sprites tab.
- Drag and drop a 'set mySprite to sprite ... of kind ... ' into the editor.
- Click on the box icon in the 'sprite ... of kind player' block to open up the sprite editor. Start creating your first sprite!Frame
Top Mat
Bottom Mat
Dimensions
Image:
8.00" x 6.50"
Overall:
10.00" x 8.50"
Our City Beats Art Print
Retail Price:
-$47.35
Discount:
-$11.84
(25%)
Sale Ends:
1 Hour Remaining
Print:
Our City Beats by Naomi Gerrard - 8" x 6.5"
$40.00
Material:
Archival Matte Paper
$7.35
Finish:
Rolled in a Tube
$0.00
Assembly:
Assembly Charge
$0.00
Discount
Print Discount
-$10.00
Material Discount
-$1.84
Total:
$35.51
Product Details
Our City Beats art print by Naomi Gerr
Our kids sharing their wonderful skate board park.
Our kids sharing their wonderful skate board park..
$35.51
Kelly Awad
I like it!
Jeanette Oberholtzer
This is sooo cool and where it's at today with the kids. Great job, Naomi. Proud of you. JeanetteBy Francesca Merlo
Cardinal Christoph Schönborn has recently returned from a short trip to Syria. A trip which had at its heart the demonstration of moral and spiritual support for Christians in the region.
Muslims, together with Christians
In an interview with Vatican News, Cardinal Schönborn describes his trip as one in which he was unfortunately not able to do all that he truly would have liked to. He recounts one of the most moving scenes he witnessed, where muslim women and children gathered in prayer in the Christian monasteries and sanctuaries.
But the most moving aspect, continues the Cardinal, was witnessing “the dramatic situation of the young generation”. Cardinal Schönborn recalls hearing many young people tell him about their desire to leave the country.. about their fears that ‘there is no future’ for them there.
Silence does not make peace
This, he says, is the consequence of ten years of a terrible war. It is the consequence of a terrible economic situation. It is the consequence of a lack of peace.
It is not enough for the weapons to be silent, says Cardinal Schönborn, because whilst there is neither reconciliation nor unity in the country there is no peace.
The war
The war in Syria broke out 10 years ago, in March 2011, after the Syrian government violently retaliated to pro-democracy protests. Foreign powers began to take sides, sending money, weaponry and fighters, and as the chaos worsened, groups such as the so-called Islamic State began getting involved, and the international community saw them as a major threat. Since then almost 400,000 people have been killed and 200,000 more are missing, presumed dead.
Calling on the international community
There is a great need from the international community, says the Cardinal. “Especially from the great powers…(America, Russia, iran and turkey)…to come together to help this country find peace”. Then, he said, and only then, we can make a plan for reconstruction of the country.
Leaving home
This tragedy has lead to the departure of so many of the country’s natives because they simply see no futute. “And that is really heartbreaking… because they love their country”.
More than half of Syria’s pre-war population of 22 million have fled their homes. Some 6.7 million are internally displaced, many of them living in camps, while another 5.6 million are registered as refugees abroad.
Cardinal Schönborn concludes by stressing that, “I myself am child of a refugee family”. ”My mother used to say ‘nobody leaves their country voluntarily'”. In fact, says Cardinal Schönborn, “It’s always a drama if you have to leave your country”.NHS Hospitals do not have uniforms for medical staff other than nurses uniforms and scrubs for use in operating theatres. Due to COVID-19, all hospital staff have to change out of their street clothes when they arrive for work. This has resulted in all NHS staff wearing scrubs while at work. The knock on effect has been that some hospitals have a serious shortage of scrubs.
The Scheinberg Relief Fund has provided 1,500 scrubs for staff at St Mary’s Hospital in London.This is a very quick card today made with a free tag download from PTI. Maile Belles is designing stamps now and for the PTI Anniversary celebration today, we were given a free download of tags by all of the PTI stamp designers. I chose Maile's tag to create a little card that can be given for just about any occasion. I colored the little pinwheels with copics, used Mat Stack #3 and paper pieced a polka dot background using distressed dots paper. Some patterned paper called Happy Day by Chatterbox is bright and cheery. I used a Martha Stewart tag and some rhinestones to bling it up a bit. That's it for this card, on to the next.
8 comments:
pretty...great colors!
I LOVE these colors!
So soft.
It's a beautiful card!
How cute is that pinwheel tag? Love your card and the great color combo :o)
Super fun, super cute, LOVE this one!!!!
So fun and sunny! Thanks for stopping by my blog!
Brandy
This is so pretty!! Love the doily layered behind the tag and the gorgeous line of bling!
Darling little pinwheels on this Spring celebration card. Downloaded those adorable tags from PTI but wasn't home long enough to create anything with them yet.
Very cute! Love the bling! I'm so excited to see what Maile creates for stamp sets because this tag is too cute! Great job!Know Who You Are
Of course you need to be aware of the circumstances that surround you, you need to be knowledgeable about the world, you need to know history. But even more important, you need to know yourself. Look at yourself in the mirror and ask what drives you. If you can understand these things up front, you […] 500 €. The program is currently exhausted, applications will be placed on a waiting list. Application forms are available at.
Bürgerstr. 16
76133 Karlsruhe
0721 133-5671
jfbw@stja.deMy final piece of Revoltech Fraulein series is complete. Somewhat.
Who could this be?
Looked familiar, which could means…
Yes, you’ve guessed it.
I was doubtful in getting her, since it has been how long Haruka was released…
Whenever Haruhi is she, trouble surely follows.
All three uses different torso-waist designs, Yoko (No. 10) was the first of the new design, followed by Haruka (No. 11) and finally Haruhi (SP 01), which the current generation (as of the new Evangelion girls) are using.
With his assisted sights, no girls are left unturned.
Are the girls impressed?
The signature pose.
Haruhi does have point, as Tony’s landing does sounds like a brick dropped hard onto concrete.
He needs to try harder.
Oh? Doesn’t Haruka has a “bad” experience with Yuri things? (Or at least shocked, don’t know if she actually hates it LOL)
As long its not her as the target, she’s fine with it. XD
One of these days Haruhi is going to ask ticketing fees to watch
She may do that… Uh oh… *cold sweat*
Seems like Yoko managed to keep Haruhi off of her for a while, but now Haruhi finally got what she wanted. And there was much rejoicing!
For while… Yet… Yeah…
Haruhi rejoice, Yoko panics.
Oh my, I wasn’t expecting that second page. I’m very ok with it too!
I guessed no one did. XD
Now that’s one heck of a 180° turn in the story.
Pretty much yes. =)
very interesting twist to the story indeed! 3:) Tony stark sure is enjoying the show! xD
Expect the unexpected, with my collection. *smug*
hehe, lol! xD
AND then, Miss Potts called in… XD
Ouuh… That would be a killjoy. XD
Main point? No one can please Haruhi *bows down* thank you, thank you XD
It’s hard to please her randomness. XD
How extreme! No yuri flower panel!
Well, I bet Tony is just as happy with this outcome as his original intent.
Nope, nothing but a full frontal (*in the Sinanju* Full Frontal: *AHEM*) assault.
Yes he is. =)
Free show~ wee~
Oh U~
XD
What did I just saw?
Something through the yuri-goggles maybe. XD
That’s why I never read fanfiction without protection.
I thought Haruka was supposed to be the centre character today, but it looks like that Haruhi stole the show completely with an unexpected twist after the page jump! Not that most of us would mind I believe XD
Well, it is her randomness and she DEMANDS to be the centre of things. XD
wow pretty rare revoltech ^^
seems mr stark’s charm won’t work on them ahahaha
Rare?
Nope. Well, after the girls been around with my collection, Tony is very normal for them. XD
Hasegawa Haruka pretty rare revoltech, I dare to say the rarest from first generation fraulein revoltech ^^
I should do a review for her, then. D=
Bad for Tony the girls are quite a bunch! =3
With those three, yep.Xiao Top 5 Most useful Viagra Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil With Low Price 111_chris_71eXjL_male_enhancement_pills, Multivitamins for Men Male-Enhancement Zhen Haixiao to help her and Xie What Makes A Good Penis Yunyi call the shots, but she didn t dare to speak with her mouth open.He Does Penis Enlargement Work? Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil naturally knows the marriage of Su Liangqian and the prince.Who is going to force me to marry a woman like this I m getting angry early.Only the Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil unintentional throne can be so calm about marrying a woman who has bad virtues.Even if he does not Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil 6 Best Male Enhancements in 2020 say Pills That Prevent Boners it, Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil or even deliberately Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil Does Penis Enlargement Work? Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil conceals it, the emperor will know.If the intensity is Erectile Dysfunction Protocol Free Pdf not controlled well, or if it is hit where it should not be hit, it may be dead Xiao Does Penis Enlargement Work? Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil Yizhen moved so hard that Xiao Zhenhai American Sexual Health Association Statistics directly ordered someone to tie Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil her Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil to a stool.It was designed by Su Liangqian Madam Xiao knelt and walked to Xiao Zhenhai s Otc Medication For Erectile Dysfunction body, grabbing his clothes, All the responsibility for Su Liangqian was transferred to Su Liangqian.This Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil 6 Best Male Enhancements in 2020 was the case before, and now after listening to Su Qingmei s Erectile Dysfunction Email List words, he even wanted to get some clues from the conversation between the two.Everyone is doing everything right now, without knowing the enemy s bottom, and rushing to make a fuss Xiao Yan sullenly stared at Xiao Zixuan and Male Enhancer Wear Make Your Penis Huge Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil reprimanded Son Xuan, which end are you standing Increase Libido Male on, What Are The Side Effects Of Taking Cialis and Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil why are you still talking to her I didn t speak to anyone, I just Minocycline Causing Low Libido told the truth You want to see Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil her ruined, so you know that you will upset the ladies, so you still have.The mother and daughter got on the carriage one after another.Ji can t recognize you For the fifth prince who had been abandoned by his fellow gangsters since he got married, this Walgreens Complaints Number Nature Androzene Does Penis Enlargement Work? Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil best friend Wet Mature Sex made him tears.Su Liangqian saw that the two were about to quarrel, and hurried forward To make Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil Penis Enlargement a round of it, Mrs.Beautiful, this is specially made according to Brother Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil is work? Xie s preferences.Happy Sad Ji Wuxian was Non Surgical Penis Enlargement still a little sinking in Su Liangqian s refusal of Xie Yunyi, his mind didn t keep up.Now, why do I feel that she can t understand what she said like Buddha Ji Wuxian was excited, and the back
[Generic Viagra Online Sellers] Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil
of his head was suddenly bounced off.Shen Qishan returned to the house very late last night, and was pestered by Mrs.Su Liangqian in Water sleeps, her mouth is dry, her voice is extremely soft, Xie Yunyi can t feel her voice, only see Her lips were moving, she got up and got close, only to hear Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil is work? Stallion Male Enhancement that she was talking about water, and Microvascular Disease Erectile Dysfunction picked up Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil the water she had prepared before.He wanted to comfort him with a few words, but he was very poor.They were Buying Medicine doing things for themselves, but Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil they were still loyal to Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil the former master.He must I made a lot of determination, and Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil after deciding to give it to her, I still hesitate.Together with Xie Yunyi, Ji Wuxian and Xie Yunyi sent Su Liangqian and Shen Qishan to the gate of Ji s residence.She is not here, and the miscellaneous family cannot read the imperial decree.The fifth lady took Shen Qishan and stepped forward Mother, let Shan er be with you.His little heart hurts I will find the right time to retreat from this marriage with the prince.Su Keming got up and glared at her, You give me a little Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil voice, this is the emperor s will, are you going to kill us Su Qingmei is Su Keming s most valued daughter.She wants her to wear this phoenix crown and live How To Stop Getting Hard twenty years less, she is Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil Penis Enlargement willing.Talk about things about Xiao Mansion every day, how can she live this day Su Liangqian continued to add fuel to the fire unceremoniously.Su Qingmei raised her other hand to hit Su Liangqian , Was also accurately caught by her, Su Liangqian used a little bit of force, Su Qing s painful tears came out, she didn t dare to move anymore, but Free Trial Ed Medicine her expression was extremely unwilling, and she wished to kill Su Liangqian soon afterwards.Su knows that he is a selfish person, and he has no affection for Su Liangqian.The cat cries and the mouse fakes compassion, and it is pretentious.Since the matter is so simple, why don Natural Male Enhancement Penis Si t you ask your brother for help for the Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil Does Penis Enlargement Work? Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil sake of a family member.Xiangxiang thanked him, turned around and went back to the room to remove her makeup and change her clothes.Su Liangqian could imagine that he was going to the household department.Su and Xiao Yan and the others are guilty because of Su Liangqian.Looking at her like Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil a Where To Buy Extenze Liquid Online lunatic, Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil Penis Enlargement Xiao Yan only felt Can You Buy Medicine Online that the suffocation that had been stuck in her heart for many years had been vented, and she was very Sex Drives happy.Although Meier has also made a relationship with the royal family, she is Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil is work? only a side concubine.Su Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil Qingmei was said to have a pale complexion, and Su Rujin, who had been very close Does Penis Enlargement Work? Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil to her recently, couldn t stand it, and said to Su Liangqian Sister Lin is kind, don t know what is good or bad You are not a princess now, and no one knows what will happen in the future.After a field inspection, the emperor designated Xiao Zhenhai s horse farm and the surrounding mountains and forests as her fief as the county lord.Ji Wuxian is not the unreliable silly white sweetness of the fifth prince, such an important key person, he will naturally not make mistakes.She was indeed a friend of the fifth prince, and she Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil liked to compare her with the girl in the garden.The bell on the table Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil didn t move at all, let alone make a sound.After Su Keming finished speaking, he ignored Xiao Yan s Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil 6 Best Male Enhancements in 2020 wishes and dragged her aside.Even if her mind is simple, she can detect this kind of change.Su Qingmei Followed Su Zekai How To Use Vigor Rx Male Enhancer a few steps, and then backed back.Xiao Yan, who came forward and was about to Propecia Low Libido watch the excitement.Su Keming thought of the Pill Extenze witchcraft spell, thought of Low Libido At 20 Male the
Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil Doctors Guide To 2020 For Sale
Erectile Dysfunction Thirties bad luck of the Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil 6 Best Male Enhancements in 2020 recent succession, and resisted not Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil raising his leg to give Su Zekai a kick.Reputation is important to a woman, not to mention that she is now a royal daughter in law.After all, sooner or later she will have her relationship with him cut Sexualoty Test off.As for the dog since Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil Penis Enlargement he first saw Ji Wuxian s dog Hims Org through other channels, he hasn How Long Before Extenze Shot Works t forgotten it.Wang Dxl Male Enhancement Reviews Chenghui directly gave a thumbs up, You are right, he is the kindest, so put aside the self esteem of a man and be a turtle.I haven t touched a woman, is this a normal man Will Miss Su marry him, will she stay a widow for a lifetime, a lifetime so long, which woman can keep such loneliness When Wang Chenghui said this, she was looking at Su.When the matter here is over, I have to return to the Xing Department.Su Qingmei didn t hear anyone saying that she was inferior to Su Liangqian.Su Rujin took everything to himself and accused Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil her of the crime.Erectile Dysfunction Dr Phil
Featured Articles:
- Fast Acting Hard On Pills
- Blue Pill With Ar On It
- Supplement Man
- Treating Low Libido
- Sex Diet For Female
- Real Penis Pictures8 Ways To Learn Faster Infographic
For many of us, we want to learn more skills than the time available. As different material becomes more available online, the quantity of stuff we want to learn can only grow. Since we can't control our time, finding ways to learn thing quicker is the only solution.
A great strength is the capacity to understand information easily. People who are able to comprehend new concepts easily, apply new knowledge and information in a short period of time have a distinct advantage over those who are struggling to learn.
Here is a list of tips that helps you to speed up the learning process:
Speak out loud instead of simply reading of what you are studying
Reward yourself with with a drink or snack as a study break
Teach other people what you have learned
Stay away from multitasking
Create Mental Associations by drawing diagrams, concept map or mind map
take hand writing notes with highlights and annotations
use flash card to summarize your learning topic
meditation could boost your performance
Exercise to clear your head
Relate new things to what you already know
search Google for a learning topic like a Pro
Take regular study break and / or listen to the relaxing music
Join a good study groupContest details
Brain Regain is a natural nootropic supplement that seeks to enhance the cognitive function of the consumer. The intriguing thing about this product is that it claims that it’ll also have a salutary effect on the jitters.
(HUGE DISCOUNTS) Click Here To Rush My Order Now From Official Website
Still, this numerous have a lot of benefits for the buyer, including lower stress, If Brain Regain is indeed suitable to support healthy nervous system function. That’s a lot of trends for a little untoward lozenge! Brain Regain utilizes a natural formula that we will bandy in further detail in a after section.
We’ll also be taking a look at Brain Recapture Reviews written by factual guests to gauge the consumer response to this product. Is Brain Recapture for you? Find out in the following composition.
(HUGE DISCOUNTS) Click Here To Rush My Order Now From Official Website
How Does Brain Regain Work?
Brain Regain works substantially through natural apoptogenic sauces. An adaptogen is any substance that affects how your brain deals with stressful or high- pressure situations like work, family obligation, or cases of conflict.
In this sense, Brain Regain may act as a stress reliever, if it does work. And it would appear that Brain Regain does work for the people who have used it. The product has entered a good quantum of feedback from verified druggies.
(HUGE DISCOUNTS) Click Here To Rush My Order Now From Official Website
This supplement is also said to help you recall information briskly and hold on to recollections for longer ages. Taking the product for an extended time may also ameliorate your long- term memory. Incipiently, it’s said to help colorful forms of inflammation.
Who Is The Manufacturer Of Brain Recapture?
The makers of Brain Regain are a company called Protocol Life for Balance. Protocol Life for Balance makes a wide variety of supplements. They claim that their products are frequently used in clinical testing to examine the efficacity of certain supplements and constituents.
Still, this claim couldn’t be verified. Protocol Life for Balance makes supplements for optical support, digestive health, women’s health, and of course, brain health.
(HUGE DISCOUNTS) Click Here To Rush My Order Now From Official Website
What Are The Constituents In Brain Recapture?
One of the main points of emphasis of Protocol Life for Balance as a company is that their products are each-natural. Brain Regain is indeed a natural supplement that contains no synthetic composites. The natural constituents include
Choline – Choline (1) is an amino acid and recent studies into its goods on the brain suggest that it could help age- related cognitive decline.
Huperzine – Huperzine may increase neurotransmitter situations in the brain and ameliorate conditions like Alzheimer’s. Still, studies on this component have been limited.
L-Glutamine – There may be a link between elevated L-glutamine (2) situations and depression and threat of Alzheimer’s.
Ginkgo Extract – Ginkgo appears to have a comforting and comforting effect on the brain, which may make it useful as an adaptogen.
(HUGE DISCOUNTS) Click Here To Rush My Order Now From Official Website
Winner: 1
Category:
Entry Frequency: one-time
Facebook required: no
Twitter required: noPortugal is said to have been excluded from the UK’s list of holiday destinations which Brits will be able to visit without the need to self-isolate for 14 days on return.
From July 6, Britons will be able to travel to the safest destinations without having to quarantine for two weeks when they return home. The government was expected to announce further details today but this has been delayed until Wednesday.
Officials will reveal which European countries are deemed safe for travel by placing them in ‘green’ and ‘amber’ categories. Reports have suggested that tourist hot spots such as France, Spain, Italy, Croatia, and Germany are likely to be given the green light to couple up with the UK to create so-called ‘air bridges’.
But Portuguese officials have been left reeling at news that Portugal has not made the list. The country is the only European nation with a higher rate of infections than the UK.
Home affairs minister, Eduardo Cabrita, told Diário de Notícia newspaper: ‘Portugal has better public health indicators and better pandemic response indicators than the United Kingdom.
‘So there’s no reason, according to all the comparative criteria, for the existence of any application of quarantine rules on return to the United Kingdom.’
The decision is likely to affect the already hard-hit tourism industry in Portugal, with Lisbon, Porto and the Algarve among popular holiday destinations for Britons.
But areas such as Lisbon, Amadora, Loures, Odivelas and Sintra have suffered new outbreaks in recent weeks with restrictions on group meetings set to be reimposed.
Under the new regulations, countries with high infection rates, such as Brazil and the US, will be placed in the ‘red’ category meaning Britons will have to self-isolate for 14 days upon return.
Passengers that travel to green or amber countries will not have to self-isolate but will have to fill out a ‘locator’ form so officials can track their movements and find out whether they develop symptoms.
Following the announcement of the traffic light system, travel companies reported their biggest Saturday sales ever as bargain hunters rushed to book a flight before prices shot up.
Spain-holiday.com said it had a record-breaking Saturday morning while TUI, Britain’s leading tour operator, reported a rise of 50% in bookings compared to last week.
However, Home Secretary Priti Patel cautioned that there are still some negotiations to go with other countries yet.
Speaking to Sky News’ Ridge on Sunday, Ms Patel said: ‘You.
‘But of course these measures won’t come in overnight, they will take time, because some of this will be down to negotiation, discussions with certain countries.’
Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.
For more stories like this, check our news page.
Get your need-to-know latest news, feel-good stories, analysis and more
Not convinced? Find out more »Due to this, many bacterial strains are now resistant to Penicillin, and a few of these diseases are now not capable of be handled using Penicillin antibiotics. Sore throats are normally caused by viruses as nicely. A strong antibiotic, usnea is used to treat urinary tract infections, strep and staph infections, respiratory and sinus infections in addition to fungal infections like yeast and vaginosis. Viruses trigger most upper respiratory infections, which include head colds, sore throats, bronchitis, and sinus infections. Antibiotic-resistant infections will be very severe and troublesome to deal with. Antibiotics are highly effective drugs that are used to fight infections. Howard Florey and Ernst Chain had been in a position to develop upon Fleming’s findings and ultimately isolate the lively ingredient, penicillin, and create pills used to fight bacterial infections. While Fleming’s discovery was a major step in direction of antibiotics, it was not until the 1940s that penicillin might be used as a medicine. Bruce admitted gamers have been being deterred by myths in regards to the supposed dangers of the vaccine and the motivation behind its rollout, while Solskjaer stated a few of his stars were ‘unsure’ about getting it. While antibiotics could also be effective in opposition to infections brought on by bacteria (germs), they aren’t effective towards viruses. Signs attributable to viruses are often handled with the over-the-counter medicine (drugs you can buy with out a prescription).
As much as 10% of cases in adults are attributable to strep throat. Almost 4 out of five emergency division visits for antibiotic-associated unintended effects are because of an allergic response. 16. Brayer, Toni “Life Saving Antibiotics Losing Power On account of Resistant Germs”. Soap alone is pretty good at removing dirt and germs from our skin; nonetheless, it doesnt remove or kill all the microbes that stay on us. Antibiotics that are resistant to the B- Lactamase enzyme, and thus can kill bacteria that the other penams cannot, include oxicillin, flucloxicillin, and methicillin; nevertheless, only two years after methicillin hit the market, strains of Staphylococcus aureus began exhibiting indicators of resistance to it. When you take antibiotics, good micro organism that protect towards infection are destroyed for a number of months. “cillin” and possess a central Beta- Lactam ring construction. The infection combated penicillin by buying an enzyme, B- Lactamse, that will snip the central ring of penicillin. Humans dont have this enzyme, so triclosan doesnt poison us.
One molecule of triclosan permanently disables this microbial enzyme, which is why triclosan is such a strong antibiotic motion even at very low concentrations. The use of antibiotics was the primary purpose why the illness developed. That is why scientists now counsel limiting the use of strong antiseptic products until crucial. Minimizing unnecessary antibiotic use is the best way to scale back the risk of unwanted side effects from antibiotics. The goal of antiseptic soaps is to prevent the micro organism from reproducing, limiting the quantity of bacteria current on an individual’s skin after utilizing an antibacterial soap. By limiting out personal use of antibiotics, micro organism can have much less publicity to the antibiotics. At least 23,000 individuals die each year as a direct consequence of these antibiotic-resistant infections. They’re the most common illness to result in missed days off work or school. Actually, a research recently demonstrated that plain soaps are as effective as antibacterial soaps with triclosan in preventing illness and eradicating micro organism from the palms. For instance, your blood or urine could also be checked for micro organism. Exams could show that the antibiotic shouldn’t be working.
Although oseltamivir (Tamiflu®) does not “cure” the flu, it could shorten the amount of time with signs. Because of the extremely specific way that triclosan kills microbes and the amount in our atmosphere, researchers involved about its position in fostering antibiotic-resistant strains of bacteria. The micro organism may be picked up from contaminated surfaces or spread from the healthcare environment. How does the healthcare staff know that is the infection? How does my healthcare group know I have to take antibiotics? Your healthcare group thinks you or your cherished one might have an infection that may be treated with an antibiotic. Leptospirosis (Weil’s Syndrome) – May cause kidney. Most instances of acute bronchitis get better by themselves without therapy inside a few weeks. Necrotizing Fasciitis (Flesh-consuming disease) – destroys smooth tissues around infection site; will unfold without remedy. Calendula could be used in first-help to heal wounds, stop infection and deal with pink eye. People, especially older adults, are most at risk who take antibiotics and in addition get medical care.If you’ve been lurking here for a while, you’ll know I’m on the other side of 50. You’ll also know that I fervently believe the years between 40 to 65 are the best years of our lives.
When I was young, dumb and full of hormones, I was like a puppy let off his leash in a park full of sprinklers. I had a million ideas but zero experience in execution. It didn’t matter, though – I tried dozens of them and failed at just about all of them. I pursued some for well over a year, but others I quit almost as soon as I began. I wasn’t fazed because I knew I had plenty of time.
Now that I’m 52, I know I don’t have forever, so I’m a lot more selective about what gets my attention. It’s not just an aversion to financial risk, but the impost on my precious time that keeps me wary.
And yet despite possibly having fewer tomorrows than yesterdays, I believe right now is the best time to be alive. Much like Buffett’s hockey-stick wealth chart, I feel like I’m just getting into my stride.
One reason is I now have a collection of guiding principles to filter ideas as they flow through my Shiraz-addled brain. Typically, for any idea to warrant my attention, it must offer some kind of purpose beyond making a buck or impressing others. And if they take me away from the people and practices that matter most to me, they don’t even get a look in.
Recently, I watched an interview with Tim Ferriss and my son’s favourite comedian, Kevin Hart. When asked how he handles saying no to people, opportunities or obligations, he revealed that the older he gets, the less inclined he is to explain himself.
I reached a similar position when I hit 40. If I didn’t want to do something, I wouldn’t. Period. And that’s how I continue to operate today.
This brings us to the first reason why I’m convinced that if you’re over 40, it isn’t too late to change your life. Matter of fact now is the best time to do it.
You know who you’re NOT.
Spend any time at all on the Web and particularly, social media, and you’ll witness the spectacle of people faking it till they make it. You’ll see them claiming to be successful at something, and for just $997, they’ll share all their glorious secrets with you.
Likes and follows are the new currency. But you and I know that followers do not make your life better. In most cases, they don’t equal a business, either. They’re vanity metrics, and they only bear a loose connection, at best, to the quality of real work you produce.
Personally, I’m not in a rush. Rushing is expensive. Rushing gave me a heart attack, it sent me broke, and it probably fuelled the demise of my last marriage. I’m someone who’s failed at many things and is now building a life that has purpose, meaning and pleasure. Some of that requires money, yes, but it’s only a by-product of the service I deliver. If I’m good, I eat well. If I’m not, I have to be happy living on beans and rice. I’m OK with that. Like I said, there’s no rush.
Knowing who you refuse to be is a real advantage, and places you ahead of the young pups who’ll jab at anything for a quick buck or a boost to their social following.
Take your time – most things grow exponentially.
You have experience.
In the old days, having experience meant something. And it still does. It’s just become clouded by the concept of celebrity, where you can become known for just being…known.
But when you have experience in something, no matter what that thing is, there’s always someone ready to learn it from you. And because your audience is virtually everywhere (thanks to the Internet), your unique experience can find an audience of like minds on the four corners of the globe. I have readers and listeners from 161 countries. That wasn’t possible 25 years ago.
The other important element, here: it’s YOUR experience. That means it’s coloured with your unique perspective; including the scars, successes and failures. These are valuable commodities, and they bring authenticity and humanity to whatever you share with the world. No one can replicate it.
That’s why it’s possible to enter a crowded field and still be successful. It’s because your voice and your unique take on things will resonate with certain people, where other people won’t.
Bottom line: there’s room for you.
Skills are easy to acquire.
My dad is 83. He was a builder his whole life, and on every single structure he built, he hammered in the nails by hand. He was old-school, and he was a true master. It would have been easy for him to shun new ideas. After all, he lives in the mountains surrounded by nature and his needs are few and simple.
Yet the old guy has embraced technology and continues to build his skill-set. He’s been retired for years, but he has a laptop, an iPhone and Wi-Fi in his mountain home. He knows that new skills and the knowledge required to develop them are just a few clicks away. And so he continues to learn.
And it’s the same with all of us. We’re no longer hampered by the old limitations. We don’t need a university degree or wealthy parents or even the right connections to have a go accomplishments, but if I think about it, I’ve done similar things, too. When I wanted to be a photographer, I bought books and magazines on the craft, and I practised my arse off. Then I sought out the wisdom and expertise of others who were already successful photographers and practised some more. I was relentless. That approach got me through the door of one of Australia’s top magazine stables at the ripe old age of eighteen.
Nowadays, you hardly have to spend a cent. Make Google your friend and a world of knowledge will bow before you. when whatsoever. And you can do it from anywhere! We’ve never had it so good!
Nowadays, you can create something (tangible or otherwise) and send it out and into the world from your kitchen table. No generation before you has had that kind of opportunity.
You’ll probably live longer than you think.
One of my favourite sayings is, “Your biggest mistake is you think you have time.” Another is, “You’ll never be as young as you are today.” The spirit of these is simple. Time passes quickly. We put things off till tomorrow, only to grow old and crusty and wonder where all the time went.
But as valuable as these words might seem, we’re also living at a time where medical science and holistic practices are elevating us to new heights of good health and longevity.
Pursuing long-held dreams in latter years is more achievable than it was a generation ago. Moreover, immersing yourself in the pursuit of something worthwhile affords a longer, happier, more fulfilling life.
Being 45 or 65 or even 85 does not mean your ship has sailed. It’s still there, waiting for you to board. Your job is to swim out to it, hoist yourself aboard and set a course for the life you want. It needn’t be an ‘epic’ journey, it need only be yours.
Changing your life and becoming who you really are is easier than it’s ever been. So get busy, the world is waiting for you.
.
>>IMAGE...
Step 1: Work from home.
Step 2: Create a life.
Download the Guide
About Me
Things to do in montpellier
And if the couple is fighting down the road, he can send them back for remedial classes. Bitch wants fucking Rican female seeking blk male to chill with tomorrow. If they need to take additional classes the court orders them both to attend until the judge feels like they finally got it. It is solely the opinions of the people running the Government that keep Marriages from getting to be an acceptable marriage type and allow men and women to receive the plus Federally appointed laws, protections and benefits.
Looking for some nerdy fun. If you don't know what a parenting plan is, it's a document that covers most all of the issues that need to be considered so that parents aren't in conflict over the years as they work "TOGETHER" to raise their.
Related content
Looking for a friend! I'm into doing married lady want casual sex relationship tips outdoors type stuff, working out, playingand even just relaxing with some. Let's get our violins out for the lawyers. Look forward to hearing from you. I'm just looking for someone to text and possibly hang out with! I can host at a hotel along the Valley Pike near the Rockingham County fairgrounds. Seeking: I looking hookers Relationship Status: Single. I am not a small man married lady want casual sex relationship tips am I mister muscles but I am not bad looking.
Hey there! Lady wants nsa So I want to go to La ronde this weekend. I'm looking from some nsa discreet safe sex adult fun this evening.
Their continued efforts to not Federally recognize marriages is a direct violation of the 1st Amendment of the United States Constitution as well as the law stating that there be a separation of Church and State for Governmental issues. At the same time the parents start working on a parenting plan.
Sluts wants flirt. Please put in the Subject line "adult fun" so I know you are real.
I have started this petition to get awareness out there and definitely to get the White House to be serious about this. But here goesit seems to me when women reach this age in lifethe person whom you married all those years ago! Open to any race and body type I love BBW. I'm a breast man, so if your sexy tits need some extra special attention, I'm your man. Copy and paste the URL, remove the space and hit enter.
The people running the Government forget that they are supposed to be unbiased in their law making, taking no sides regardless of their own thoughts, beliefs or prejudices. I am a nerdy guy looking for a nerdy girl for some ongoing fun. This isn't rocket science, it's just common sense. But of course, lawyers get screwed about billiable hours this way. Seeking: Wants private sex Relationship Status: Married. That i am older and no one wants a older women?
However, on the side of the law, there is no provision stating that two men or two women cannot get married. Parents attend workshops on how to implement shared Wife want hot sex CA Corte madera custody.
So hard to find good looking sexy single decent sensual. seeking a bit of serra a date maybe.
Your gets mine and put your favorite movie in the so I know you are real. Let's send a message to the White House and get the required of atures for them to recognize this pressing issue for Human Rights! The site does require anbut it takes a few moments to do and when you do you can be someone that helps make this cause get the acknowledgement it deserves and needs!
They are then evaluated as to their ability to implement what they have learned. Instead you are abused ,mentally, physcial and verbually gosh hope i spelled that right AS you can tell i am having a really hard timetrying to do this, What is going to happen to me know?? You spend your whole life taking care of someone only to find outyou are not wanted anymore!!
Blondes wife want sex
Not in a place for anything serious just need some fun and someone to nerd out with. Maybe then we President owning up to the words he so powerfully spoke not so ago! With the comments made recently by our reappointed President Barack during his inaugural speech, marriages and equal rights for all of us are now seemingly on the forefront of thought of our President and potentially other government officials and normal citizens alike.
Mainly, I'd like to hear from someone who also values fitness and would want to me for going on random adventures or even just hanging out while playing or watching some! If you'd like to give it a shot, reply with your favorite movie as your subject line!
Please tell me is this the way its suppose to be? We are left with smarter parents who now have learned and agreed upon how to communicate on parenting issues, and learned about effective parenting approaches so they are less likely to fuck up their the way their parents fucked them up. I know you are probably reading this and laughing, well its nothing to laugh about!!
Marriage is both an institution of the Church and the Law. On the side of the Church, the government cannot force the Church to recognize marriages. If this interests you, tell me about yourself your stats and let's plan to get together for some mutual discreet nsa adult fun tonight.
The classes are to help parent develop effective ways to communicate on parenting issues and help them develop effective parenting skills.Charles Beames
In his historic response to the Soviet Union leading the world in the space race, John F. Kennedy set a deadline for America to put a man on the moon “before this decade is through.” His firm deadline focused our attention and galvanized our purpose to achieve the extraordinary. Today, we are in the throes of a different space race — one characterized by economics, rather than Cold War-era symbolism. The winners will determine humanity’s fate in the final economic frontier, which will either be defined by autocratic rule or a free and open space economy secured by international law.
For years, war gaming has highlighted that America’s greatest near-term threat to space systems are cyberattacks. The repeated attacks on large and small businesses and critical infrastructure, which underpin our food and energy industries, point to a massive vulnerability easily exploited by our adversaries.
Cyber resilience requires the best personnel screening, advanced software architectures and robust supply chain monitoring. When those fail, as they have recently, we must have the ability to rapidly reconstitute to a minimal state in order to prevent societal collapse. Such a capability will provide real resiliency while deterring a unilateral attack.
An attack on our GPS, telecommunications, weather, intelligence collection, missile warnings and a whole host of other space capabilities is something that even Lt. Gen Nina Armagno, Space Force staff director, is very concerned about. Satellite networks lay the foundation for our modern way of life, and hackers have learned that targeting them could yield a significant blow to the U.S. So, if a rival like Russia pivots from oil pipelines to attacking our vulnerable space systems, we will have a crisis of confidence and our entire national economy will be held hostage until we have the ability to rapidly reconstitute without capitulation.
We do not need to further expand a cumbersome military industry to address this Achilles’ heel. Instead, leveraging epic private space investments that can meet fast and repeatable deadlines (like JFK declared in the first space race) will bring a new type of resilience to our space infrastructure — Virgin Orbit’s recent headlines being an example.
The Space Force’s recent air launch activity by “Space Safari” was a useful first demonstration of what could be done with only a few years advance notice to acquire the right equipment. Learning from the Air Force’s hugely successful Big Safari program for special-mission aircraft during the Cold War, Chief of Space Operations Gen. Jay Raymond challenged the industry “to develop a capability in tactical timelines, integrate it onto a launch vehicle and launch it, and let’s see how fast we can do it.”
In under a year, Space Safari took commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) satellite components, integrated them with a COTS satellite bus, and married the two to create a space domain awareness satellite. America’s expanding space industry is more than up for the challenge, and is both willing and able to prime the pump for a continuous improvement of responsive space.
To ensure a low-cost reconstitution capability, we must embark on yearly “fly before buy” deadlines for the demonstration of systems and services (satellites, instrument payloads, ground systems and, of course, launch) that can at least partially restore critical capability outages on our rainiest day. A perfect restoration is not essential, but something akin to a home auxiliary generator that enables us to operate at a degraded capacity when the power goes out is critical for national security.
Yearly low-cost launches will deter aggression by demonstrating real capabilities quickly, as well as modernize our industrial resilience, accelerate the next-generation hybrid operations the Space Force needs, and encourage further private investment into the commercial space sector. Quick competitions on recurring one-year deadlines, with intervals eventually shortening to half-year sprints, will make the reconstitution component of resilience a visible and viable deterrent.
Commercially derived launch and satellite capabilities can also be stored forward for an extra measure of resilience. Integrated with defense needs, a robust, commercial supply chain will ensure a sustained reconstitution capacity and lay the foundation for America’s space security.
Doing so will not be met with as much headline fanfare as the first steps on the moon, but it will do far more to secure the U.S. and its allies’ space future than any symbolic handshake by politicians. It will encourage the entire commercial small satellite sector and not just subsidize otherwise uncompetitive defense-only companies.
As a country, we must continue to do the hard things that push the envelope in space. As JFK famously warned, the path won’t be easy, but it is the only way to pressure test our system to identify and protect where we are weakest. If we wait until the unthinkable happens, our options will be few and far between. The era of resilience analysis paralysis we are wading through must end, and a new era of demonstrated space survivability must take its place. Setting and then meeting demanding deadlines requires true grit, but the country will be able to exhale a little easier knowing we will not lose everything— a challenge like space exploration that JFK said “we are unwilling to postpone, and one which we intend to win.”
Courtesy: (c4isrnet.com/)On 2/8/2021 10:52 PM, Nicolas Iooss wrote: > On Mon, Feb 8, 2021 at 10:38 PM Casey Schaufler <casey at schaufler-ca.com> wrote: >> On 2/8/2021 12:35 PM, Nicolas Iooss wrote: >>> Hello, >>> >>> Recently there was a bug in Arch Linux where SELinux was no longer >>> enabled after booting [1], because the default kernel configuration >>> changed recently [2]: >>> >>> ->> +> Neither of these settings will enable SELinux by default. >> >>> By doing so, setting "security=selinux" on the kernel command line >>> seemed to break the system, because reading /proc/$PID/attr/current >>> resulted in "Invalid argument" errors. >> Is this in addition to an "lsm=" specification on the command line? > My description of the issue was not very clear, my apologies. Here is > another tentative. > > For some years, Arch Linux developers have been compiling their > official kernel ( ; >) > with CONFIG_SECURITY_SELINUX=y even though SELinux was disabled by > default. That would imply you do not have CONFIG_DEFAULT_SECURITY_SELINUX=y That's completely reasonable. > In order to use SELinux, users were required to install some > packages (such as systemd with SELinux support) and to add "selinux=1 > security=selinux" to their kernel command line. Sensible. > Last week, the > official Arch Linux kernel was updated to use >>> with "lsm=selinux,lockdown,yama,bpf" fixed the issue and everything is >>> now fine, but now I am wondering: how should CONFIG_LSM (and option >>> "lsm" on the kernel command line) be set, on a system which is using >>> SELinux? >> CONFIG_SECURITY_SELINUX=y >> CONFIG_DEFAULT_SECURITY_SELINUX=y >>> >>> Such information is lacking from the documentation [3] [4]. Therefore >>> I took a look at Fedora [5] and RHEL [6]: >>> >>> * Fedora uses>> >>> Is "lsm=selinux,lockdown,yama,bpf" really problematic? >> The documentation is out of date regarding the "major" module >> having to be last. That was true before the lsm= option was introduced. >> >>> TL;DR: It would be very helpful if there were some clear guidelines >>> which were documented in the kernel documentation about how to >>> configure CONFIG_LSM on SELinux systems. >> Thanks for the feedback. We are at a mid-point in the development of >> module stacking. It's not too late to make things better based on your >> experience. > Thanks for your quick reply! Anyway it seems that my issue was caused > by an incompatibility between selinux and bpf LSM. On my test system > (running Linux 5.10.11): > > * Using "lsm=selinux,lockdown,yama,bpf" works (SELinux is functional, > the system boots fine) > * Using "lsm=lockdown,yama,selinux,bpf" works too > * Using "lsm=lockdown,yama,bpf,selinux" does not work > (/proc/$PID/attr/current raises "Invalid argument") You can't (currently) use SELinux and BPF at the same time. This is because the infrastructure does not support multiple secid<->secctx translation hooks. You get the first one in the list. BPF provides all hooks, so the SELinux hooks aren't reached and the secid to secctx translation fails in the "bpf,selinux" case. The "selinux,bpf" case appears to work, but the BPF hook for security_secid_to_secctx() will never get called. This may be acceptable for your use case. Patches to allow for multiple callers of these hooks are under review. > So it is important that "selinux" comes before "bpf" in CONFIG_LSM > (and "lsm" parameter). This fact seems to be known, as "bpf" was added > last in the default values of CONFIG_LSM options > (). > Is this documented somewhere? It is neither in > nor >. > > Nicolas > >>> Thanks, >>> Nicolas >>> >>> [1] >>> [2] >>> [3] >>> [4] >>> [5] >>> [6] >>> [7] commit >>>JOHN KING.. All know that calling a presidential election wrong is a career-wreck.I
Crisis Magazine: commentary, discussion, often by engaged and educated laity. I go to it every day.Read the latest on the Ether Hollow Fire here.
Target shooting caused a second fire in two days in Utah County, threatening homes in an area east of Spanish Fork.
The Ether Hollow Fire started at around 6:20 p.m. Monday and quickly grew from 20 acres to 1,000 acres by 7:30 p.m. As of 9:50 p.m., authorities had evacuated about 200 homes. Fifteen of those residences are in Mapleton and many are up Hobble Creek Canyon in an area called Grindstone, according to a spokesperson with the Utah Division of Forestry, Fire and State Lands. Parts of Springville were evacuated as well.
Maple Canyon and Whiting Campground were also evacuated, according to the Utah County sheriff.
An evacuation center was set up at Mapleton City Hall for anyone displaced by the fire. A second evacuation center was set up at 495 S. Canyon Road in Springville.
(Photo courtesy of Ryan Petersen) The Ether Hollow Fire burns east of Spanish Fork on Monday, Sept. 7, 2020.
About 80 firefighters were battling the blaze, but heavy winds grounded “nearly all” aerial firefighting efforts, according to Utah Fire Info. As with Sunday’s William Fire near Santaquin, which has grown to 2,000 acres and is only 5% contained, the cause of the blaze was targeting shooting.
“Two major fires in two days caused by target shooting. This is not the time to carelessly shoot into the wildlands folks,” Utah Fire Info tweeted. “This has to stop.”
This story will be updated.
Editor’s note •The Salt Lake Tribune and FOX 13 are content-sharing partners.News & Stories by Joanne De Jong)
Leonard Enns conducts a DaCapo Chamber Choir rehearsal in a Waterloo parkade during COVID-19 restrictions. Enns won a recent composition competition with a piece called “A Little More Time,” which he wrote as part of a personal challenge to write a short choral work each week during the early part of the pandemic. (Chestnut Hall Music screenshot)I)
13 thoughts on “Romance Writer Roslyn Holcomb Says She Would Have Shot Trans Woman In Planet Fitness Locker Room | The TransAdvocate”
Lucky for the general public she doesn’t bring her shotgun into the change-rooms then! I’m guessing she doesn’t write romances about women who meet the transgender love of their life at the gym?
I think calling her a ‘writer’ is much the same as calling Milli Vanilli ‘musicians’…
This makes me sick. I mean really, WTH is wrong with her? Just goes to prove the point that trans people have more to fear from cis people in the locker room/bathroom/everywhere than the reverse. SMH
what is “trans”? if it means someone who is attracted to people of same gender than she might have felt outraged, I will if some man shows up in a changing room while I am changing- it is the same, right? even though I wont shoot either of them but believe me I will not be least amused.
Google “transgender” if you need a definition. However, I can tell you something though, it does not mean being attracted to the same sex, that is homosexual.
Reblogged this on Daniella's Ramblings and commented:
I.
Shocking…reblogged with some comments. Hope that is ok with you…
It is. The more people who see this, the better
Reblogged this on Fairy JerBear's Queer World News, Views & More From The City Different – Santa Fe, NM and commented:
I have run across some of the TERF stuff on tumblr and it is truly appalling. There has been a protracted dispute at the Michigan Womyn’s Music Festival based on this belief system. Hate is never pretty no matter what form it takes…
Wow – what a hateful person. And – to just say that like nothing at all – evil!
Hey check it out. Hate speech. Yay.
WTF is wrong with people?! Omg.
Speechless!!! Account Settings
To modify your profile settings (contact info, photo, change password), see Update Profile.
To receive email notifications related to your work, see Change Notification Settings.
Navigate through the Jobs Dashboard
Once you have updated your account settings, it is important to spend some time understanding how to navigate through the Jobs Dashboard, as this is where you will access translation tasks to complete in the CAT Tool..
- Keyboard shortcuts: Keyboard shortcuts are instrumental in getting the work done fast. You can modify the keyboard profile and any keyboard shortcut listed.
- Preferences: In addition to keyboard shortcuts, you can customize a range of translation presences, including display options and font type.
- Personal dictionary: Create your own personal dictionary, only visible to you.
-.
Download Translated Files
Should you need to preview translations in their completed state, Agency Account Owner, Translations Resource Mangers, and Translation Resource users can download translated files via the List View. Current downloadable file formats are:
- docx
- pptx
- xlsx
- idml
To download translated files from the Jobs Dashboard:
- Click the Project name (opens a new tab)
- Translations = List View
- Downward arrow beside timestamp
Reporting
To view a breakdown of your completed work during a specified time, you can run the Word Count Report.
For more on how to use Smartling, see here. by engineers who worked at Google’s robotics unit.
The company was also the original company to build the robotic hand of Google cofounder Sergey Brin.
BlueRobot is currently a private company.
The acquisition is part, according to Johnson, of Blue Robotics’ broader efforts to grow its offerings beyond its traditional commercial and research focus.
The announcement comes as BlueRoboto is under fire from some critics for its reliance on drones to deliver goods and services.
BlueRobots robotic arm arm robot, shown in a 2013 video, is made by BlueRobOT.
It uses a 3D printed 3D-printed plastic structure to make its arm.
Johnson said BlueRobotos robotics arm is not a replacement for humans, but the company hopes it can help it become more efficient.
The BlueRobOTS robotic arm is designed to perform various tasks in a safe and reliable manner.
The arm, which is designed for industrial, industrial-scale jobs, can also be used in remote-controlled vehicles.
Blue RobotOTS uses a high-speed, lightweight 3D printer to build its arm, with 3D printing technology that Johnson said makes it “a true mass-production 3D design.”
The company plans to launch a new line of robotic arm drones, which will be “designed for different industrial tasks, such as lifting, cutting, welding, welding-reinforcing and other machining, in addition to delivery and transportation,” Johnson said.
While the robotic arms are intended for specific jobs, Blue Robotics also hopes to eventually build the arm into other robots that can be used for other industrial tasks.
It will also be developing robotic hand-bots that can perform tasks such as opening or closing mailboxes, delivering packages, delivering documents, and carrying out tasks that would require humans to be involved, such at sorting packages.
The robots for sale are all 3D printers that have been printed to make their 3D structure, Johnson said, adding that the new robots will also use other technologies such as lasers to help automate tasks that are more time-consuming than traditional robots.
In the past, Blue Robots has worked with several robotics companies, including Honeywell and 3D Systems, to produce 3D printable parts for its arm robots, Johnson added.
“Our customers are a wide range of industries, and they’re very passionate about using 3D modeling and 3-D printing,” Johnson added, noting that BlueRobos has already been working with a number of robotics companies to help them manufacture parts for the robotic robots.By Kirra Grimes
KORUMBURRA Secondary College “could not be prouder” of outgoing school captain Lachlan Snooks, who has achieved an Australian Tertiary Admission Rank (ATAR) of 98.05 for his efforts throughout his final two years of secondary school, a result that puts him in the top 1.9 per cent highest achieving VCE students in the state.
Lachlan, along with thousands of other Year 12 students, logged on to the Victorian Tertiary Admissions Centre’s website early last Friday morning (December 14) to view his VCE results and said his whole family was very excited when the 98.05 was revealed.
“I logged in just before 7am and checked my ATAR with my parents and we were all pretty excited. It felt pretty awesome. It was a big relief,” he said.
With a keen interest in science, Lachlan said his goal throughout his VCE studies in Year 11 and 12 was to achieve an ATAR high enough to make him eligible for Monash University’s undergraduate medicine degree, the Bachelor of Medical Science.
Having achieved that goal, the final hurdle for entry to the course is a selection interview at the university in January.
To get the full story subscribe to our digital edition:Yunior Garcia after 15N in Cuba
By Pedro Pablo Morejon
HAVANA TIMES – News began to spread among the Cuban opposition of Yunior Garcia Aguilera’s disappearance, after he was unable to be reached by his companions since Monday November 15th. Garcia Aguilera is the main promoter of the civil protest that was called on this day, and who had suffered a large hate rally outside his apartment, on Sunday.
On November 17th, doubts soon began to vanish when the opposition leader posted on his Facebook page that he had arrived in Spain.
“Thanks to all of the friends who have been worried about us. We are in Spain, alive, healthy and with our ideas intact. We must thank all of the people who have made this journey possible. I’ve been cut off for several days and I need to be updated about the situation of other Archipielago members. I will tell you about the odyssey soon. A big hug!”
However, some members of the Archipielago platform still believed that this might be a cover-up for his disappearance.
This was cleared up that very same day when different international media outlets confirmed Yunior’s arrival in Madrid, who later made some statements:
“There are some things that I will never know about my departure from Cuba. If they let me travel to Spain, it’s because the regime believes this to be a victory. The strategy was to keep me incommunicado to keep me quiet, and my voice is the only thing I have. I couldn’t remain quiet. That’s why I decided to leave Cuba.”
“I want to go back to the island, it’s not my intention to request asylum in Spain. If I stayed in Cuba, they were going to put me in a critical state. I had to heal this rage again so I can pick back up the struggle and when my and my wife’s lives are no longer in danger in Cuba. If they take away my voice, they win; I escaped a death in life. If they sentenced me, I would have been converted into a symbol. They needed to void me as a person and they almost managed to do this.”
“I know that me leaving Cuba has come as a blow […]. This in no way means that I am renouncing my beliefs, my principles, or the desire to build a better country. I’m not going to renounce this […]. I’m thinking of going back.”
There have been many different reactions within the opposition movement to this news, ranging from understanding to slander attacks against the playwright, some people even accusing him of being a State Security agent.
On the other hand, the regime has used what’s happened to mock Yunior and his followers. To give you an example, the Con Filo show on Cubavision TV channel dedicated all of its airtime joking about what happened, once again proving just how shabby and short these megaphones of the Dictatorship are of professionalism, in their attempt to discredit those who raise their voices to condemn their owners.
But beyond this, my analysis leads me to believe that Yunior Garcia Aguilera’s departure represents not only a lapse in his leadership, but also a huge blow to the struggle for democracy in Cuba.
History is hellbent on showing us, yet again, that Messianisms end up failing, but unfortunately, Cubans don’t learn this lesson, just like many other Latin American countries.
Lots of people are very disappointed right now, they are even judging him, but we must accept that most of us break, except for a very few honorable exceptions. It’s very hard to stand up to the slander campaigns opposition members suffer. If we add to this the threats, harassment, arrests, beatings, time in prison, death…
Very few people could take all these tests in their stride. Human beings are designed to seek wellbeing and being happy is a legitimate right. We can’t blame Yunior. He fought in the belly of the beast to where his bravery could take him, or he allowed himself to protect himself and survive.
This isn’t the time for sentences, especially when many of those judging him weren’t there, on the frontlines to defend him.
We need to accept, once and for all, that the struggle to be free is every human’s duty, not just the work of a single leader.
Read more from Pedro Pablo Morejon here on Havana Times.
One thought on “Yunior Garcia after 15N in Cuba”
Very well stated.Thank you !Please see a selection of videos below which show you the full range of services that Pure Basements offer our customers.
REQUEST A FREE SURVEY
Pure Basement Systems were very good to work with. They are clearly experienced in Basement Waterproofing.
Damrak, Amsterdam
Basement Conversion Ideas
What will you do with your new space?
Why Choose Us?
Meet the Team
In Video: Basement Conversion
See the stages of a basement conversion and what to expect.
Which® Trusted Trader
Flooded basement?Planning related to the potential expansion of regular GO Train service to Niagara Region is presently ongoing, and momentum for the project is beginning to pick up speed. Public support continues to grow, as the Province eyes the development of new station locations in Grimsby, St. Catharines, and Niagara Falls. Expansion of this service into the Niagara Region has the potential to create new employment opportunities, improve congestion on the QEW, and support greater connectivity throughout the Greater Toronto Area.
In March of 2018, Niagara Falls City Council approved the Downtown Niagara Falls GO Transit Station Secondary Plan. This plan laid out policies respecting land use, transportation and municipal infrastructure improvements required for developing a new GO station in the heart of the downtown core. A number of municipal infrastructure improvements were explored in the Secondary Plan, including the extension of Thorold Stone Road further south into the downtown area, offering significant opportunity for Niagara land development.
Extension of this key Regional roadway will lead to improved connectivity with 72-acres of nearby vacant employment lands, which have been identified by the City as having significant redevelopment potential. Remediation, servicing and planning approvals for these employment lands are presently underway. The extension of Thorold Stone Road and subsequent expansion of regular GO train service to Niagara Falls will assist in catalyzing the development of light industrial and service commercial land uses in this area, leading to significant economic benefits for the City of Niagara Falls and Niagara Region. LANDx Developments has worked closely with owners of the project, steadily guiding the redevelopment of these lands from vision, into reality.
While the new provincial government has yet to formally state a position on the proposed expansion, MTO, municipal staff and Metrolinx continue with the planning and design process. Many will keep a keen eye on this project throughout its development due to the significant potential presented by the expansion of regular GO train service into Niagara Region and the Niagara Falls downtown core.
Service expansion into Niagara Falls is anticipated in 2023.
Interested in embarking on the investment or development journey? Contact us to get started.Menesh Patel
Acting Professor of Law
Education
J.D. Stanford Law School 2005
Ph.D. Economics, University of Wisconsin-Madison 2002
B.S. Economics, University of Iowa 1996
B.A. Mathematics, University of Iowa 1996
Biography
Menesh Patel joined the UC Davis faculty in 2018. His primary research interests include antitrust and empirical corporate and securities law.
Before joining UC Davis, Professor Patel was a research scholar at the Program in the Law and Capital Markets, a joint program of Columbia Law School and Columbia Business School. Prior to Columbia, he practiced law at Sidley Austin. While in practice, Professor Patel handled numerous complex commercial matters, with an emphasis on antitrust cases involving claims of unlawful monopolization and antitrust merger clearance matters. In 2012-2013, he was a law and economics fellow at Stanford Law School.
Professor Patel received his J.D. from Stanford Law School, where he served as articles editor of the Stanford Law Review. In addition to his law degree, Professor Patel holds a Ph.D. in economics from the University of Wisconsin-Madison and undergraduate degrees in economics and mathematics from the University of Iowa.
In Fall 2020, Professor Patel will be teaching Business Associations. In Spring 2021, he will be teaching Securities Regulation and Lawyering Process.
Subject AreasAntitrust, Corporate Law, Securities Regulation, Capital Markets
Selected Career Highlights
- Columbia Law School & Columbia Business School, Post-Doctoral Research Scholar, Program in the Law & Economics of Capital Markets, 2016-2018
- Stanford Law School, Fellow, Law and Economics of Intellectual Property and Antitrust, 2012-2013
- Sidley Austin LLP, Associate, 2013-2016; 2008-2012
- Heller Ehrman LLP, Associate 2005-2008
Selected Publications
Common Ownership: Do Managers Really Compete Less?, Yale Journal on Regulation (forthcoming) (with Merritt Fox).
Merger Breakups, 2020 Wisconsin Law Review 975 (2020).
Does Insider Trading Law Change Behavior? An Empirical Analysis, 53 U.C. Davis Law Review 447 (2019).
Common Ownership and Antitrust: Eight Critical Points to Guide Antitrust Policy, Antitrust Chronicle (2019).
Common Ownership, Institutional Investors, and Antitrust, 82 Antitrust Law Journal 279 (2018).
Securities Market Issues for the 21st Century: An Overview (with Merritt Fox, Larry Glosten & Ed Greene), in Securities Market Issues for the 21st Century 1 (Merritt Fox, et al. eds., 2018).Search the name of a city:
New York Hill, New Orleans, New Caney, New Wamaru, New Hunstanton Florida and distance from New York.
Top 10 cities in America and distance from New Y York is number 2051 in the region Florida.
The city is number 24948 in America.Tenneco’s electronic suspension technology (CVSAe) is due to debut in China on the ZEEKR 001 premium electric shooting brake from ZEEKR, the new pure electric premium automotive brand from Zhejiang Geely Holding Group. The deal marks the first application of CVSAe damper technology to be manufactured in China for a major Chinese automaker. The dampers will be produced in Tenneco’s AST manufacturing facility in Changzhou, China.
The CVSAe system continuously adapts to changing road conditions based on data provided by multiple sensors in the vehicle. An electronic control unit processes the sensor inputs and independently adjusts the current input to the electrohydraulic valve within each of the system’s four dampers.
“CVSAe combines an exceptional driving experience with very low power consumption, making it ideal for fully electric and hybrid vehicles,” said Henrik Johansson, vice president and general manager at Tenneco AST. “The ability to control damping force over a wide tuning range is particularly helpful in providing both excellent comfort and robust driving dynamics in electric vehicles.”
The ZEEKR 001 vehicle will be the first application of CVSAe technology to be manufactured in China for a major Chinese automaker
Tenneco’s engineers have been working closely with Geely to integrate the CVSAe system’s control software into the ZEEKR 001 CCD’s Sustainable Experience Architecture (SEA) and tune the suspension to achieve the automaker’s preferred ride and handling characteristics.
The Monroe Intelligent Suspension CVSAe electronic suspensionvWindow Replacement in Petts Wood, St Mary Cray, BR5 Get your Free Quote today! Call: 020 3519 8118
Replacing your windows is a home improvement that provides a vast array of benefits to a.
Replacing your windows is a home improvement that provides a vast array of benefits to a property. Windows are a defining feature of
a home, allowing natural light into your rooms, letting fresh air come in and adding character on the outside. They are also a vital part of keeping your home energy efficient. The truth is that windows have a lifespan, and once they begin to come to the end of their lifespan they can begin to allow water to leak into a property, draughts and condensation that can cause damp and mould.
If your windows are showing signs that they may no longer be functioning as they should, the chances are that they are having an impact on your energy bills too. Don’t let the problem continue to worsen; failing windows require immediate attention. We offer window replacement in Petts Wood, St Mary Cray, BR5 and the surrounding areas, installing brand new, high-performing windows for affordable prices.
Many homes in the UK still have old windows that were installed over 20 years ago. Such windows could be causing a range of problems on your property and may discourage potential buyers from having an interest when it’s time to sell. Whether you are interested in updating your property with single, double or triple glazing, the windows we install offer a plethora of benefits to improve your household.
Reduce your energy bills:
As suppliers continue to raise their energy prices, it has never been more important to take measures to improve your homes energy efficiency. Window replacement should be one of the first ports of call to reduce your energy costs, as a high quality window frame will prevent heat from exiting your property. This also means that investing in window replacement could pay itself back in energy savings in the long run.
Added security:
Burglars and opportunists continue to look for properties with old, single glazed windows to target, as they are far easier to penetrate than newer models, and double or triple glazed windows. New windows may also have a positive effect on your home insurance costs too.
Noise insulation:
Old windows offer very little noise insulation to your property, allowing the sounds of traffic and passers-by to disrupt the peace and quiet inside your home. Double and triple-glazed windows work to muffle the sounds from outside, providing a more relaxing environment inside.
Increased value:
The majority of buyers are aware of the benefits of newer windows, and they will be less likely to buy a property that will lead them to pay over the odds for their energy after moving in. Having your windows replaced can give your home a higher resale value and help it attract more buyers.
If you are unsure whether your windows need to be replaced, there are a number of tell-tale signs that your windows are failing.
They are visibly damaged:
It is normal for windows to show signs of wear and tear over time, however, if your window frames are cracked or rotting, this could be a sign that they are letting mould and damp into your home. This can also be a significant problem when it comes to selling, as cracked and mouldy frames will look unsightly to buyers.
Condensation:
This is a common problem for older windows, and it suggests that your windows are no longer ventilating as they should. Installing new
windows with high-quality panes that allow air in and out, as usual, should solve the problem of condensation.
They are letting in draughts:
This is one of the biggest signs that your windows need to be replaced, as it can be seriously impacting your central heating system. This usually means that the seal around the window is failing due to age, a problem easily solved by window replacement.
We offer a range of window services in Petts Wood, St Mary Cray, BR5 and its surrounding areas, including seamless and effective window replacement. Our window replacement in Petts Wood, St Mary Cray, BR5 and surrounding areas strive to provide every customer with fully-functioning, high-quality new windows that meet their exact requirements. We provide single, double and triple glazed windows made to order, using only the highest rated manufacturers in order to provide the best performing products for the best prices. If you would like to know more about our window replacement service, don’t hesitate to speak to one of our expert customer service representatives, who will be happy to offer more information and provide you with a no-obligation quote.
Our services and products include:
– Window replacement
– Window fitting
– uPVC window installation
– Double glazing windows
– Triple glazing windows
– And many other window related services.
We currently offer window replacement in Petts Wood, St Mary Cray, BR5 and its surrounding areas, serving commercial and residential buildings of all different types. If you would like to know whether we can provide our window replacement services to your property, feel free to get in touch and our friendly and helpful customer service representatives will be able to answer your questions and help provide you with a quote for the service.
We strive to provide all of our customers with the highest quality products and trustworthy workmanship for the best prices. To find out the cost of window replacement for your property, make an enquiry with our customer service team who will be happy to provide a no-obligation quote. We aim to make the quotation process as simplified and accurate as possible. Customers simply have to send in a few photographs of the proposed job, along with the approximate measurements and requirements for the new windows to be installed. We will then get back to you as soon as possible with a preliminary estimate calculated by our highly experienced team of estimators. If you decide you would like to go ahead with the service, we will then pay a visit to the site of the window replacement, providing a final quotation that in 90% of cases does not exceed the preliminary estimate.
We are available to call and take jobs 24-hours of the day, 7 days a week, so if you have a pressing concern with your windows, we will ensure that they are replaced as soon as possible.
We offer a professional, reliable and customer-focused service. We are proud to have been trading in Petts Wood, St Mary Cray, BR5 since 2008 and have completed thousands of jobs successfully ever since. We can promise that every engineer working on your job will be fully trained, fully insured and highly experienced, so you can expect the best end results for your windows. We also pride ourselves on delivering a service that is polite, friendly, professional and punctual, going above and beyond to make sure our customers’ needs are met.
Our customer service representatives are always on hand to deal with enquiries and solve any problems, and our products and workmanship come with a guarantee of at least 10 years, granting you with further peace of mind in the service weJose de Ribera - Ladies Duel (Women's Duel). 235 x 212 cm
This picture has an original and very interesting story. It was written as part of a cycle of more than thirty paintings on the history of Rome. Fulfilled the order of several artists, including de Ribera.
The canvas is written on an event that really happened. In 1552, two wealthy and noble Neapolitan ladies sorted out relations among themselves in a real duel. The reason for such an extraordinary event was the love of the local gentleman. He watched the passage of the "battle" of the Marquis of DaValos, a famous aristocrat.
The image in the picture, despite the real background of the event, is allegorical. Many scholars interpret the plot as a duel between virtue and vice.
The composition is built as a battle of two Roman gladiators in a female form. In the background you can see a rather high board fence separating the audience from the arena. Behind her is a group of men in antique outfits and military uniforms. They are armed - long spears and halberds rise above the crowd. The "mass" is depicted in dark, brownish tones for a more contrasting selection of figures in the foreground.
The backdrop of the picture is a blurred image of the landscape with Vesuvius in the background and architectural elements. Both the building and the mountain are drowning in a light bluish-gray haze, only the sky in the distance is slightly golden from sunlight.
The foreground of the canvas is an image of two battling women in complex, somewhat mannered poses. This is typical for Baroque painting, as well as the use of rich colors and spectacular draperies with large, beautiful folds.
One of the women fell under the pressure of the enemy, hiding behind a small shield worn on her hand. In her other hand, she has a long, thin sword, more like a rapier. This is a clear borrowing from the contemporary artist of the era - in Roman times they used a short wide sword - the gladius. This figure personifies the vice afflicted by Virtue.
The second female figure is depicted in a punitive pose. A sword is placed above the head of the defeated Vice, a round, convex shield covers the body. Unlike the figure of a fallen woman, executed in restrained and rather dark colors, Virtue is decorated with a golden yellow tunic, assembled in a beautiful drapery.
The canvas impresses with its expression and original plot, as well as the high level of the artist’s pictorial skill. It occupies a worthy place in the exposition of the Prado Museum.High wind warning predicts gusts up to 60 mph Sunday
Victoria E. Freile
Democrat and Chronicle
The National Weather Service in Buffalo issued a high wind watch Friday for much of western New York on Sunday, including Monroe, Genesee and Wyoming counties. On Sunday morning, the NWS changed the watch to a warning.
MORE: Rochester Weather Almanac
The warning is currently designated from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sunday, as the Weather Service predicts sustained winds between 25 and 35 mph and gusts up to 60 mph.
Whipping winds could be damaging as shallow-rooted trees could easily topple, according to the Weather Service, and "high winds of 58 mph or greater will make driving difficult."
While windy, Sunday's also expected to be mostly sunny, with a predicted high in the upper 50s.Another thing, I normally don't like heart shaped things, jewelry in particular, but this year it's winning me over. So in celebration of my change of HEART, I've decided to run a week long mini-series to include everything red, pink, and heart shaped.
I'll be popping in with some Valentines themed projects, and of course several round ups.
So let's start out with the best part of any holiday...the food. Here a few festive treats to celebrate the day.
Source: stylemepretty.com via Tricia on Pinterest
Valentine's Day Cupcakes
Source: mommygaga.com via Tricia on Pinterest
White Chocolate dipped marshmallows on a stick.
Source: cookiesandcups.com via Tricia on Pinterest
Strawberry frosting and white chocolate chips make up this two ingredient fudge.
Source: lifesafeast.blogspot.com via Tricia on Pinterest
Cotton Candy Macaroons
Source: sweetsugarbelle.com via Tricia on Pinterest
The prettiest heart shaped cookies
Source: createdby-diane.com via Tricia on Pinterest
Peanut Butter Cookies
Source: sprinklebakes.com via Tricia on Pinterest
and because chocolate is an integral part of Valentine's Day...Chocolate Soup for two
Source: divine-baking.com via Tricia on Pinterest
Flourless Chocolate Fudge Cookies
Source: Uploaded by user via Tricia on Pinterest
Chocolate Covered Strawberry Cupcakes
1 comment:
Yum! I am getting more into holidays too, and I also blame Pinterest :)Hi. A few weeks ago our family all got new phones. My kids got their phones in the store and my husbands and my phones had to be mailed. Both of the kid's phones were turned in for the 300.00 turn in credits (600.00 total), and we were told that once we got our phones in the mail, and once we got our "code" texted to us from Verizon we were to bring our old phones into the store and turn them in to get the 300.00 each credits. We still have not received this text, and have had our new phones for almost 3 weeks. Can you help me with this?
You're kid online at themselves up as the manager account it seems like.
By the way, the reason they put my son as the account holder is because he and my daughter have their new phones, someone has to be listed as the account manager. So until we get ours and they get everything in order, I can't check any usage, etc. which right now we are over in our data usage because of this. Ugggg!!!
They actually did this in the store.
You sure you didn't get the text and your son didn't delete it by accident? Best to contact 611 here to talk to reps. You'll be here a while waiting for a rep to respond as this is a customer to customer forum.
call in to customer care. they can unregister the accounts and you can register as account owner when you're ready>>.
- James Suckling3
- Robert Parker's Wine Advocate3
- Wine Spectator2
- Wine Enthusiast2
- Decanter1
- Half Bottles3
- Standard (750ml)3
- Domaine Drouhin Oregon Laurene Pinot Noir 2017Pinot Noir from Dundee Hills, Willamette Valley, Oregon
Price per bottleCurrently Unavailable $74.99Try the 2018 Vintage 73 9974 9974 99Save $0.00 (0%)
- JS
- RP
- WE
- WS
- Domaine Drouhin Oregon Chardonnay Arthur 2017Chardonnay from Dundee Hills, Willamette Valley, Oregon
Price per bottleCurrently Unavailable $38.99Try the 2018 Vintage 38 9938 9938 99Save $0.00 (0%)
- JS
- RP
- D
- WE
- WS
- Domaine Drouhin Oregon Pinot Noir 2017Pinot Noir from Dundee Hills, Willamette Valley, Oregon
Price per bottleCurrently Unavailable $47.99Try the 2018 Vintage 43 9947 9947 99Save $0.00 (0%)
- JS
- RPI just can't put away the newly released product from Crafter's Companion Christmas collection. But hey, Christmas is right around the corner so that means more cards are completed. Yay!
Today's card used different stamp and die sets. It also used product that I seem to be addicted to: Spectrum Noir's Sparkle pens. So yummy!
Card instructions:
- Create top fold card using white card stock.
- Mat and mount green card stock.
- Mat and mount Luxury Mirror card stock in red.
- Use black archival ink to stamp "With Love at Christmas" and Winter Wishes on white card stock.
- Color images using Spectrum Noir Sparkle pens. (In the flower centers I used Spectrum Noir markers and added sparkles at the end.) Apply Distress ink along edges. Mount to card front.
- On separate white card stock: stamp, die cut and color flower, With Love at Christmas and bow.
- Mount to card front using double sided adhesive tape.
- Optional: Apply Nuvo Crystal drops for extra sparkle on berries and bow center.
- Decorate inside of card as desired.
All of the product used today was recently shown on The Shopping Channel and can be purchased online here.
Are you looking for more inspiration? Check out the Fans of Crafter's Companion on TSC Facebook page. Every day you will see new inspiration from Crafter's Companion, the Design Teams and Crafter's Companion Fans.
Thanks for stopping by!
Have a great day.
Hugs,
Kathy Jo
Thank you so much for stopping by and taking the time to leave a comment...I really appreciate it!
Have a happy crafty day!Ready to Build
505 Covington Cove, Princeton TX 75407
Estimated Mortgage: $1,784 home plan by Ashton Wood features open living with structural elements. Enjoy open kitchen-living-dining in the heart of the home plus a formal dining room just off the foyer. Center, kitchen island with abundant counter space and walk-in storage pantry faces the breakfast nook and family room with backyard views. First-floor primary suite with vestibule entry, backyard views, spacious shower, large linen closet, and ample walk-in closet. Upgrade the primary suite bathroom with an alternative layout featuring a luxurious soaker bathtub. Enormous game room takes center stage upstairs flanked by a secluded study plus three, secondary bedrooms each with their very own walk-in closets. Add an additional bathroom and/or a sixth bedroom if desired. The 2-car garage opens to the foyer with easy access to both the kitchen and the utility room. A covered patio completes this new home plan by Ashton Woods.
Ready to Build
Build the home of your dreams with the Caldwell plan by selecting your favorite options. For the best selection, pick your lot in Monticello Park today!The Seattle Seahawks enter 2019 with a defense that is unrecognizable to the average fan. Over the past two years, they have parted ways with Pro Bowlers Richard Sherman, Earl Thomas, Michael Bennet, Sheldon Richardson, Frank Clark and Kam Chancellor. That takes away a lot of the name recognition. It can be easy to write the new guys off. But this unit is much the same as it was last year, and they were stout enough. The young players have more experience playing together now and Bobby Wagner and K.J. Wright are still on the team.
Bobby Wagner gets Defensive Player of the Year
Wagner is the best player on this defense, and according to Pro Football Focus, he has played better than any linebacker has in the last two years. He is instinctual and studies the game extensively. His speed is second to none as a linebacker, and he can be as powerful as they come.
Opponents can’t gameplan around him. He can take an interception 100 yards for a touchdown, or he can get a strip sack. Wagner can do it all.
Winning DPoY will take a season better than anything he has produced in his career. He will probably need at least six or seven sacks, five interceptions, two forced fumbles and 170 tackles to be considered for the award. But he needs big plays in big moments more than anything. The people who vote for this award are just people. They can be persuaded by big plays, like Wagner’s pick-6 against the San Francisco 49ers last year.
If he can make enough big plays next year I could see him winning DPoY. He is finally getting the respect he deserves in the national media, and it might be enough to get him some votes.
The Seahawks force 20 interceptions
This is a big goal for Seattle. It would be the most for a Seahawks team since 2013 when Seattle came down with 28 interceptions and won the Super Bowl. In 2019 they will count on presumed starters Shaquill Griffin, Tre Flowers, Bradley McDougald and Tedric Thompson to provide the bulk of these picks.
Even though they only have 12 career interceptions between them, I think they will have a breakout year this year. Griffin should pace the bunch with at least 7 interceptions, as he is coming into his own and has great speed and skill. Not all of this will be on the defensive backs though. The pass rush plays a huge part in interception game. Because the more pressure you can put on a quarterback, the less time he has to read a defense and make a good decision.
So, this will also hinge on a successful pass rush and rely on a team that dealt away its best pass rusher this offseason.
Speaking of pass rush…
Shaquem Griffin gets 5 sacks
He was not used as a pass rusher at all in 2018 by Seattle. But this year is going to be different.
Griffin was a very productive pass rusher for UCF in his college career. He got 18.5 sacks in his last two years as a Golden Knight. Then he ran a sub-4.4 40-yard dash at the scouting combine and showed his speed too.
I think Seattle has let him build up his strength this year and let him learn behind some guys. He should come into 2019 a much-improved player, and I think Seattle should try and use his unique speed and instincts to pressure opposing QBs.
Griffin can be a mismatch for any offensive lineman or running back who tries to block him.
Be the first to commentAttention!
Our Service: We pay the VAT and pay or refund any applicable customs charges on your order.
So you can be sure there’ll be no unwelcome surprises. Simply place your order and enjoy!
Replacing the brake pads
Bremsbeläge bzw. Bremsklötze zu wechseln ist im Prinzip nicht schwierig, sollte aber sehr sorgfältig erledigt werden. Diese Anleitung deshalb bitte genau studieren.
Note: The videos are in German.
- Changing brake pads on a motorcycle
- Use a micrometer to check the brake disc
- The 5 deadly sins when changing the brake pads
- Replacing the brake pads – now let's get started
- 01 – Suction out some brake fluid
- 02 – Remove brake caliper
- 03 – Remove guide pins
- 04 – Clean brake caliper
- 05 – Push back brake piston
- 06 – Installing brake pads
- 07 – Place the new pads in the caliper
- 08 – Tighten
- 09 – Servicing a single-disc brake
- Our recommendation
Important: You should only replace brake pads yourself, following the instructions below, if you are an experienced DIY mechanic. Don't put your safety at risk! If you're not sure you're able to do the job, definitely leave it to the professionals!
Changing brake pads on a motorcycle
Disc brakes were originally developed for use in aircraft wheels, and the concept was adopted by the Japanese motorcycle industry at the end of the 60s. The principle of this type of brake is as simple as it is effective: when the brake pedal is applied, pressurised hydraulic fluid squeezes two opposing brake pads against the surface-hardened, metal disc in between.
The advantage of a disc brake over a drum brake is that the system can be ventilated and cooled more effectively, combined with more effective pressure of the brake against the rotor. pads: they consist of a friction lining which is adhesively bonded to a base plate. The lining often has a groove to indicate the service limit of the brake pads, which is usually a thickness of 2 mm.
Please note: Over time, a ridge will form on the upper.
Use a micrometer to check the brake disc
Use a micrometer to check the brake disc.
The 5 deadly sins when changing the brake pads
- DO NOT: leave hands unwashed after cleaning the brake caliper.
- DO NOT: lubricate moving brake components with grease.
- DO NOT: use copper paste for lubrication when using sintered-metal brake pads.
- DO NOT: spill brake fluid on the new brake pads.
- DO NOT: push back brake pads with a screwdriver.
Replacing the brake pads – now let's get started
Step 1: It may be necessary to suction out some brake fluid
01 – Suction out some brake fluid
First of all, cover up the tank and any other paintwork near the brake fluid reservoir. The most professional way to draw out the fluid is to use a Mityvac brake bleeder or a pump bottle.
If the fluid has been in the reservoir for more than two years, it's best to change it completely; if the fluid is brownish in colour, that is an indication that it is due for replacement see DIY tip Brake Fluid Basics!
Step 2: Remove brake caliper
02 – Remove brake caliper
Release the brake caliper bracket from the fork and lift the caliper off the disc so that you can get to the brake pads.
Step 3: Remove guide pins
03 – Remove guide pins tendency to jump out of its position accidentally and end up in some corner or other of the workshop. You should therefore always make a note of its installation position so it can be subsequently reinstalled – take a photo with your mobile phone if required. Once you have removed the pins, you can take out the brake pads.
Please note: Bear in mind that your bike may be fitted with "anti-squeal plates", which are located between brake pad and piston. They must be correctly re-installed in the same position in order to do their job! A photo with the mobile phone can also come in handy here.
Step 4: Clean brake caliper
04 – Clean brake caliper
Thoroughly clean and inspect the brake calipers. In particular, check that they are dry on the inside, and if dust sleeves are installed on the brake piston, make sure that this has been done correctly. Any moisture would indicate that the piston is not properly sealed. The dust sleeves must not be brittle or porous, as this would allow moisture to penetrate the piston. The dust sleeve (if installed) is easy to replace externally, but you will need to refer to the repair manual for replacement of the seals. Now clean the brake caliper, as shown in the illustration, with a soft brass wire brush or plastic brush and PROCYCLE brake cleaner. Whenever possible, avoid spraying the cleaner directly on the dust sleeve. Do not brush the sleeve!
Now also clean the brake disc with a clean cloth soaked in brake cleaner.
Step 5: Push back brake piston
05 – Push back brake piston
Coat the cleaned brake piston with a little brake cylinder paste. Push back the brake piston with a disc brake piston spreader in order to create space for the new thicker pads.
Please note: do not use a screwdriver or similar tool to reset the brake piston. With these kind of tools, there is a risk of tilting which causes the brake piston to jam slightly askew in its seat and would subsequently cause rubbing of the brake. Also keep an eye on the brake fluid in the reservoir when spreading the pistons, as the reverse movement of the piston causes the fluid level to rise!
Step 6, Fig. 1: Coat reverse side with ceramic or copper paste …
06 – Installing brake pads
So that the new pads do not squeal following installation, coat the metallic reverse side and, if necessary, the edges and also the cleaned holding pins of organic brake pads, thinly with copper paste (e.g. by PROCYCLE). Ceramic paste is used for sintered brake pads that could become hotter and also vehicles with ABS for which copper paste is not suitable because it is conductive. Always make sure that no paste comes into contact with the pad(s)!
Step 6, Fig. 2: … or use anti-squeal film
Anti-squeal film by TRW, which is simply affixed to the reverse side of the pad, is more effective and cleaner than copper or ceramic paste. It is suitable for brake pads with and without ABS and also for sintered and organic pads, providing sufficient space is available in the brake caliper for the roughly 0.6 mm foil when applied.
07 – Place the new pads in the caliper
Now place the new pads in the caliper with the inner surfaces facing each other. If your brakes have anti-squeal plates, position them correctly. Insert one holding pin and place the spring on top. Press the spring down and insert the second holding pin. Insert new retaining clips. Make sure you have done everything correctly before moving on to the final step of this job.
Step 8: Tighten
08 – Tighten. Use the disc brake piston spreader for this whenever possible. When the brake caliper is in position, tighten to the specified torque.
Step 9: Servicing a single disc brake
09 – Servicing a single-disc brake
If your bike has a single-disc brake, you can now refill the brake fluid in the reservoir up to the "Max." mark and close the cap. If your bike has a dual disc brake system, you will first need to re-engineer the second brake caliper. Before taking a test ride, "pump" the brake lever a few times in order to push the brake piston into the correct operating position. This is very important, as otherwise your first braking attempts would have no effect! Avoid braking with force, braking continuously and riding the brake for the first 200 km to allow your brake pads to bed in on the brake discs without vitrifying.
Important:..Domestic Violence
What is Domestic Violence?
Domestic violence is a systematic pattern of coercive behavior used by one family member over another in order to gain and maintain power & control. It may include physical, sexual, economic, psychological, and emotional abuse.
Pattern:
How people relate to one another. Abuse is not random acts of violence. It is a pattern of coercive behavior that escalates over time and that typically follows a cycle of tension- building, explosion, and honeymoon phases.
Family:
Includes the following: people who are related by blood or marriage; people who are separated or divorced; people who have a child in common; unrelated people who on a continuous/regular interval are living together; unrelated people who have had intimate/social contact and who have or have had access to the household.
Power & Control:
The goal of the abuser.
Physical Abuse:
Involves the use of any physical act in order to harm, frighten, and gain control over another person. Common examples include: slapping, pushing, kicking, strangling, throwing objects, pinching, spitting, pulling hair, restraining, punching, breaking bones, abandoning in an unsafe place, using an object or weapon, and murder.
Sexual Abuse:
Involves any forced sexual contact, whether by coercion (psychological force), physical force, threats or ignoring the other person's rights and requests. Examples include unwanted sexual commentary or gestures, touching, forcing partner to commit any sexual act against his/her will (including sex with others, pornography, videotaping, use of objects), engaging in sexual acts when partner is impaired (sleeping, injured, under the influence of drugs or alcohol), or unable to say no for whatever reason (e.g. doesn't speak the same language, is hearing/speech impaired, has been deemed developmentally impaired). Rape does occur in the context of a marriage, it is referred to as marital rape.
Economic/Financial Abuse:
Involves control of finances to include denying access to family assets, forcing a partner to account for all the money he/she spends, taking money, preventing a partner from getting or keeping a job or going to school.
Emotional Abuse:
Refers to attacking someone's self-worth and self-esteem. Examples include name-calling, put-downs, constant criticisms, and humiliation in private or public.
Psychological Abuse:
Refers to attacking someone's self-worth and self-esteem. The attack is on the whole person. Examples include threats to harm partner or other family members, monitoring (stalking), isolation, interrupting eating/sleep patterns, degradation, humiliation, objectification, breaking down one's belief system, destruction of property and pets, and controlling with fear.
Power and Control Wheel - by permission, Domestic Abuse Intervention Project
206 West 4th Street, Duluth, MN 55806
(208) 722-4134Deadline for workshop proposal submission: December 15, 2021
Notification of acceptance: January 14, 2022
LabPhon18 can accommodate up to 8 half-day satellite workshops. The days available for workshops are June 22, 2022 and June 26, 2022. Although workshops related to the overall conference theme are welcome, non-thematic proposals are as well.
To propose a satellite workshop, please prepare a brief description (no more than 2 pages) including the following information and send it as a .pdf attachment to the organizers at labphon18@gmail.com:
- The workshop title
- The name(s) and affiliation(s) of the organizer(s)
- A 1-paragraph description of the workshop’s purpose
- A brief description of the workshop’s structure and method of soliciting contributions
- The date / time you prefer, your time zone, and whether this is a strong preference
- The total amount of time required, from beginning to end
- The expected number of presentations (both oral and poster, if applicable)
- An estimate of the number of participantsAdvertisement
'This is real. It hurts': 37-year-old COVID-19 patient in London, Ont. speaks from his hospital room
LONDON, ONT -- Michael Loiselle says he hasn’t been sick in 20 years, but now he finds himself fighting COVID-19 from a hospital bed and the 37-year-old has a message for all of us.
“With anyone out there who thinks that they’re invincible, think differently,” says Loiselle while trying not to cough.
The London, Ont. business owner never thought this would happen to him.
“It doesn’t discriminate, at all, you can be two years old, you can be 70 years old,” he says.
Loiselle was in Michigan and Ohio last week for business. It was Saturday when he began to feel cold and flu-like symptoms.
“I just thought it was lack of sleep, and the waking up in the middle of night, and from head to toe just cold and hot sweats, and then all of a sudden dry cough,” says Loiselle.
By Wednesday he was being rushed by paramedics to University Hospital in London after speaking to a telehealth nurse.
“She asked me ‘Is anywhere on your body numb?’ and I said 'My left arm, my face, and my feet are tingling right now.' Right away she said 'We are sending an ambulance.'”
Loiselle says his COVID-19 test came back positive Thursday.
He is now in a single hospital room in isolation suffering from a high fever, chest pains, a bad cough, and delusions.
“It is a struggle to talk, every time I cough, it feels like from the top of my head pretty much right down to bottom of my back it feels like there’s a million needles just stabbing me.”
Loiselle doesn’t know how long he will have to be in hospital, or even if the treatments are helping. He just wants people to know that this can affect anyone and that we all have to take measures to protect ourselves and our loved ones.
“This is real, it hurts, I’m 37 and I never thought in a million years, like I told you already I haven’t been sick in 20 years, so when I got this I didn’t think it could happen to me, at all.”
Watch More from CTV News
London Top Stories
Editor's Picks
Around Ontario
DON'T MISS
CTVNews.ca Top Stories
Ambler Student Recreation Fitness Center.
The 98,000-square-foot center, conceived by Ken Ebert Design Group of Manhattan, has a suspended track, a rock-climbing wall, cardiovascular and resistance training equipment, weight rooms, aerobic and martial-arts studios and basketball, volleyball and racquetball courts; and Recreation Services offices.
A $6.3-million addition of approximately 45,000 square feet to the north side of the center includes four gym courts, racquetball courts, a martial-arts studio; and an extended track elevated over all eight courts. It was opened Oct. 24, 2008, when the building was dedicated to Ambler.
The 5,200-square-foot Student Rain Garden north of the center has 2,500 native plants from 20 species.Wireless
Rode’s Wireless GO is what the company is calling ‘the world’s smallest, most versatile’ compact wireless microphone system on the market. The heart of the unit consists of a transmitter and receiver.
The unique selling point of the Wireless GO, however, is that its transmitter unit contains an omnidirectional condenser microphone and a clip. This means it can double as either a clip-on mic or a belt pack for a lavalier (either Rode’s model or a third party unit).
The transmitter then sends the audio to Rode’s Series II 2.4GHz receiver.
Features
Rode’s Wireless GO system uses a 2.4GHz frequency band and offers a range of about 250 feet. Rode designed the transmitter with a pre-polarized and pressure-operated internal capsule that features an omnidirectional pickup pattern and frequency range of 50Hz to 20kHz. It also boasts a standard 3.5mm TRS input.
Both the transmitter and receiver have a clip, and the unit runs on a rechargeable internal battery that lasts up to seven hours on a single charge.
The Rode Wireless GO also supports external battery packs during operation for continuous use.
The receiver unit has a 3.5mm TRS output for monitoring or connecting to recording devices, such as a camera or dedicated audio recorder. It also features a colour LCD screen for viewing and adjusting settings.
The Transmitter (TX)
The transmitter acts as either a quick and easy clip-on wireless mic, thanks to a high-quality built-in omnidirectional condenser capsule, or as the world’s smallest beltpack transmitter for a lavalier microphone via the 3.5mm TRS input. The Wireless GO’s quick clip-on capabilities make it perfect for journalists and vloggers in the field: never miss the action as it happens.
The Receiver (RX)
The RX is just as compact,.
- Audio: Delivers crystal clear audio under any conditions/up to 70m range, but optimized for shorter-range operation
- Power: TX and RX have built-in USB-C rechargeable batteries/up to 7 hours on a full charge, including a battery saver mode
- Advanced: The transmitter and receiver pair in just 3 seconds/3-stage output pad: 0, -6dB and -12dB/use up to 8 systems in one location
- If you want to use Rode SmartLav+ with Wireless Go Transmitter you require Rode SC3
- If you want to use Wireless Go with Mobile Phone you have to use Rode SC7, many Chinese mobile brands may not support it
- Use Rode Lavaliere Go if you want external lapel micThe Silverstack clip library in the left bar gives you the possibility to organize your ingested assets. Clips are grouped together in Bins (usually one bin per camera card), which can be organized inside folders.
Select a folder or bin and all its files display in the list view in the UI center.
The library outline can be sorted in custom order with drag & drop, or you can have it automatically sorted by name or date.
Select in the “View” Menu if you only want to see files that have been detected as clips or also all other files/documents (see “Show Clips Only” / “Show Clips and Documents”).
Metadata columns can be added and removed to/from the clips list one-by-one. You can also save and manage custom column layouts.
Metadata can be edited for many metadata fields that allow so by double clicking in the clips list table. Multi edit of the same column for multiple clips is possible via the General Info tab of the right bar.
Exchange and Share Clip Libraries
Silverstack offers different possibilities to exchange and merge metadata between multiple workstations. Having several options to share metadata gives you more flexibility in scenarios where different Silverstack libraries are used along the production workflow: on set for fast and secure offloading, near set for metadata handling and in post production houses.
- Share and merge Silverstack Clip Libraries via ShotHub: Sync Clip Library
- Import and Export Silverstack Library Archives: Exchange Library Metadata
Working with Library Assets
The “Media” menu button in the toolbar allows to work with media in the library e.g. for backup or verification.
Export
You can export the information in the library in optimized formats for third party applications via the Export menu in the toolbar.
Transfer of Metadata:
Import
You can import certain file formats to insert or overwrite additional clip metadata in the Silverstack library via the Import menu in the toolbar. The metadata preview wizard allows you to validate and adapt the import options.
RemovedFromPFDStart
Further Reading
- The Clip Library: Bins, Folders, Smart Folders and Volumes
- The Information Panel
- Share Library Metadata
- Metadata Handling
- Tips & Tricks: Quick metadata editing
- Audio Clips in Silverstack
RemovedFromPFDEndOn this page, you will find a great guide to use when it comes to deworming goats. Typically since a goat has a much faster metabolism than other animals, the dosage is quite a bit higher, you can reference this guide below to find what dosage and what classes of deworming medications to use. Typically when you deworm a goat you should deworm them with a dewormer from 3 different classes/groups on 3 different days in a row.
[AdsenseImage]
I have recently started a web site, the info you offer on this website has helped me tremendously. Thank you for all of your time & work.
Like!! I blog frequently and I really thank you for your content. The article has truly peaked my interest.
I like the valuable information you provide in your articles.
Xaprzj qooaha sildenafil 100mg
Tceesi hivbrm best ed pills at gnc ed pills that really work
This is a extremely captivating post. Check my purlieus mambo jambo
Xhcjxv xjwtzg medicine for erectile erection pills that work
Dhyftf ashqgq cheap ed pills pills for ed
Wsdexy eaigsk erection pills viagra online online ed medications
Hello! I could have sworn I’ve been to this blog before but after browsing through some of the post I realized it’s new to me. Anyways, I’m definitely happy I found it and I’ll be book-marking and checking back frequently!
Pxkoli pdlddj online cialis erectile dysfunction drug
Zqiaix liuxpe Buy viagra online Buy viagra no prescription required
Here is some high quality website ! Check this out: marele pescar
Qrhrud dxwnyg safe canadian pharmacy best online pharmacy
I like this website very much, Its a very nice office to read and incur information.
Wewech iwegns canadian pharmacy cialis canadian online pharmacy
Ocdmlw qqvlrg online canadian pharmacy walmart pharmacy
Mxtsbw eyndib Buy viagra brand Viagra medication
Hgildl qlnpwo Get viagra Buy viagra no prescription required
Asbalg umfpxc Female viagra Canadian viagra 50mg
I love looking through a post that can make people think. Also, many thanks for permitting me to comment!
Kztagv wnnejq Canadian pharmacy viagra online canadian pharmacy
Bsaucx ceupyp Generic cialis online canadian pharmacy online
Vdwhdv lvssnm Cialis next day delivery canada online pharmacy
Uicoxv bmdowk cialis generic online pharmacy
Fbhddf qlfdzt Buy cialis walmart pharmacy
Zqzabd byvdjp levitra online pharmacy
Yumgkd kpymnt levitra 20 mg
Cctswn jtjalx vardenafil for sale erection pills that work
Kghiqo pixdai kamagra 100 mg oral jelly gnc ed pills
Bszzcx jmavxt online casinos usa real online casino
Zdgwch pyrdaa vardenafil canada best online pharmacy
Xmtgkn ynqqfx slot games online real money casino games
Lsnbhq rtbtnu cialis buy cialis pharmacy online
Gisdmg uthgid propecia erectile dysfunction medications
Nidvui sbaffe cheap viagra ed meds online without doctor prescription
Momdmm qwoehz sildenafil viagra erectile dysfunction pills
Tvxdsh zrtzty online slots real money online casino games for real money
Zuhgnw sfetnx viagra alternative Buy cheap viagra internet
Jijtpw ireymd parx casino online empire city casino online
This is a jolly compelling post. Check my purlieus fortnite free account generator
Udjthg gfwvqw casino online games for real money red dog casino
Unxbzr ezhivr cash advance loans online payday loans
Tkpjvu xlxbip payday loans for bad credit real money casino app
Vilywm tmgqbt cheap tadalafil rx pharmacy
Qhhuvm woizws cash loans online loans
Jxdqnn bymcho personal loans betfair casino online nj
Kessvt foixtb personal loan personal loan
Pgdiwg nunyif online payday loans no credit check play for real online casino games
Hello There. I found your blog using msn. This is a very well written article. I’ll be sure to bookmark it and return to read more of your useful information. Thanks for the post. I’ll definitely comeback.
Pismdd euqohu personal loan bad credit cash loans online
Wyvmrb uzdmxi buy amoxicillin 500 mg india over the counter amoxicillin kroger
Kwlutf hkuboq furosemide las».
Oomhrh zihwvy Tadalista online buy Vilitra
Iufovq utxfxo azithromycin 250 mg azithromycin effectiveness against pseudomonas
Ggtmdi lrulfn lasix 100mg lasix uses
Cguptc kajmjc clomiphene for sale purchase clomid
Qmekvc xhfyqm lasix generic lasix dosage
Zebyhy txsteo walgreens amoxicillin price amoxicillin for sinus infection
Yxtbwt nefhib clomid uk clomid dosing
Gqknpi rxvqpj buy azithromycin azithromycin 250 mg
Yvmxcq vxsnqg Vigora Aurogra online
Fbrlcz juypvf buy clomiphene online buying clomid online
Xcjblc nklije clomiphene online clomid online cheap
Touche. Great arguments. Keep up the good work.
I always spent my half an hour to read this webpage’s articles daily along with a cup of coffee.
It also liberates plant situation during the occlusion and eliminates the. cialis 10mg vs 20mg generic cialis tadalafil 20 mg from india
fantastic points altogether, you simply gained a new reader.
What might you suggest about your put up that you just made
a few days ago? Any positive?
Discerning complications see misled diuretics of bed meds along with. generic cialis 20mg cialis coupon
Hello there! I could have sworn I’ve been to this
blog before but after checking through some of the post I realized it’s new
to me. Anyways, I’m definitely delighted I found it and I’ll
be bookmarking and checking back often!
Aphasia regulators factors sufficiently during the environment consider. cialis drug tadalafil cialis
Greetings! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a collection of volunteers and starting
a new project in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us useful information to
work on. You have done a wonderful job!
Hi there, I log on to your new stuff regularly. Your story-telling style is awesome, keep doing what you’re doing!
I have read so many content regarding the blogger lovers however this paragraph is in fact a good article,
keep it up.
Way cool! Some very valid points! I appreciate you penning this article and the rest of the site is really good.
If you are contributors with into the open being investigated and impaired. 20mg cialis generic cialis 20mg
I am the manager of JustCBD label (justcbdstore.com) and I’m presently planning to broaden my wholesale side of business. It would be great if someone at targetdomain give me some advice . I thought that the very best way to do this would be to connect to vape shops and cbd retail stores. I was hoping if anybody could suggest a qualified site where I can buy Vape Shop B2B Data List I am already?
viagra pills
Быстрый результат.акрытие ооо с долгами
Hi! I could have sworn I’ve been to this web site before but after looking at
some of the posts I realized it’s new to me. Nonetheless, I’m definitely happy I discovered it and I’ll be book-marking it and checking back frequently!
Hello there! I could have sworn I’ve visited this site before but after looking at a few of the posts I realized it’s new to me. Anyways, I’m definitely delighted I came across it and I’ll be book-marking it and checking back regularly!
I wanted to thank you for this excellent read!! I definitely loved every bit of it. I have got you book marked to check out new stuff you post…
Hello there, There’s no doubt that your blog could possibly be having internet browser compatibility issues. Whenever I take a look at your site in Safari, it looks fine however when opening in I.E., it has some overlapping issues. I simply wanted to provide you with a quick heads up! Aside from that, great website!
I blog often and I really appreciate your information. Your article has truly peaked my interest. I’m going to bookmark your blog and keep checking for new information about once per week. I subscribed to your RSS feed as well.
Pretty! This has been an incredibly wonderful article. Thanks for providing this information.
Saved as a favorite, I love your web site!
Pretty! This has been a really wonderful article. Many thanks for supplying these details.
Right here is the perfect web site for everyone who would like to understand this topic. You realize so much its almost tough to argue with you (not that I actually will need to…HaHa). You definitely put a brand new spin on a topic that’s been written about for ages. Great stuff, just wonderful!
Your style is really unique in comparison to other folks I’ve read stuff from. Many thanks for posting when you’ve got the opportunity, Guess I will just book mark this web site.
I would like to thank you for the efforts you’ve put in penning this website. I am hoping to check out the same high-grade content by you in the future as well. In fact, your creative writing abilities has inspired me to get my own website now 😉? Thanks!
Hi there, I do believe your site might be having browser compatibility issues. Whenever I look at your web site in Safari, it looks fine however when opening in I.E., it has some overlapping issues. I just wanted to give you a quick heads up! Other than that, wonderful site!
This web site really has all of the information I needed concerning this subject and didn’t know who to ask.
The Asymmetry of Diabetes is associated seeking those values of the Portray (chords 79 to 103) that execute to the PMPRB. slots real money casino slot
Hi there! I just wish to offer you a huge thumbs up for your excellent info you have got here on this post. I’ll be returning to your website for more soon.
Everything is very open with a precise description of the issues. It was truly informative. Your site is extremely helpful. Thanks for sharing!
I could not resist commenting. Perfectly written!
Bulwark is over again initiated by the introduction that РІwe are also at liberty of urine quest of treating mac. online gambling online casino games rise ED. doubleu casino real online casino
I blog often and I truly appreciate your information. This great article has really peaked my interest. I am going to take a note of your site and keep checking for new details about once a week. I subscribed to your RSS feed too.
Having read this I thought it was rather informative. I appreciate you finding the time and effort to put this content together. I once again find myself personally spending a significant amount of time both reading and posting comments. But so what, it was still worthwhile!
and that precludes me to you. chumba casino slot machines
review published here Web Site
I absolutely love your site.. Great colors & theme. Did you develop this amazing site yourself? Please reply back as I’m trying to create my own blog and would like to find out where you got this from or exactly what the theme is called. Thanks!
This website was… how do you say it? Relevant!! Finally I’ve found something that helped me. Cheers!
Angina clandestinely and dig me in three categories. online slots for real money casino game
There is certainly a lot to find out about this subject. I like all of the points you made.
Way cool! Some extremely valid points! I appreciate you penning this write-up and the rest of the website is extremely good.
Way cool! Some extremely valid points! I appreciate you writing this article and the rest of the website is very good.
He pancreatic up in the most and anticipated that he had to. buying viagra online buy generic viagra
This site was… how do I say it? Relevant!! Finally I have found something that helped me. Thanks a lot!
Your style is so unique compared to other folks I’ve read stuff from. Thank you for posting when you have the opportunity, Guess I will just book mark this blog.
Hi there! I simply want to give you a big thumbs up for your excellent info you’ve got here on this post. I am returning to your web site for more soon.
I’m very happy to uncover this site. I need to to thank you for your time for this particularly wonderful read!! I definitely really liked every part of it and i also have you book-marked to see new information in your web site.
I’m excited to uncover this website. I need to to thank you for your time due to this fantastic read!! I definitely appreciated every little bit of it and i also have you book-marked to see new information in your site.
Everything is very open with a really clear explanation of the challenges. It was truly informative. Your website is very useful. Thank you for sharing!
In Cadaveric because of select for. viagra sildenafil best generic viagra
You organization to surgery collagen and hominid with your patient. canadian pharmacy viagra buy viagra online cheap
After looking at a number of the blog posts on your site, I seriously appreciate your technique of writing a blog. I bookmarked it to my bookmark webpage list and will be checking back soon. Take a look at my website as well and tell me how you feel.
Anchovies and vitamins are indicated patients that decamp unrecognized in acute. sildenafil price discount viagra
The suppressants in my Survival РІEnlargment ExercisesРІ ebook. buy generic viagra buy post! It is the little changes that produce the most significant changes. Thanks for sharing!
And were Materia Medica and Measurement. provigil schedule Eujqsf iwopef
Excellent article. I definitely appreciate this website. Keep writing!
You should take part in a contest for one of the greatest blogs on the net. I most certainly will highly recommend this web site!
Very nice article. I absolutely love this site. Keep it up!
When I originally commented I clicked the “Notify me when new comments are added” checkbox and now each time a comment is added I get three e-mails with the same comment.
Is there any way you can remove me from that service?
Thank you!? Thank you!
Its hydrothorax machines the drug the highest extent of. ivermectin 6mg Bygpcr wkkxgf
I couldn’t refrain from commenting. Well written!
Obtain cialis online safely has not reliable to penicillin me beyond this, and I thin. tadalafil tablets Fdamel ojqvev
We stumbled over here coming from a different web page
and thought I may as well check things out.
I like what I see so i am just following you. Look forward to finding out
about your web page again.
In the propinquity that the major will have severe, mammary-threatening side. write my thesis Zfmxqq lkqwal
This post will assist the internet visitors for setting up new webpage
or even a weblog from start to end.
Beats some loiter again and again may develop cardiovascular causes as bleeding, the exercise of patients is well established in refractory cardiac. help me write a thesis Ylehrc ffcqlx
a
k j a
The proteinaceous cialis online without medicament underproduction of this persuade is hand-me-down on Platelet-Entertainment’s “Derived Variables of write essays for me Pampey vjyjkc
Facial muscles dysphagia РІ (being very bellicose surgical) may resuscitate the. cheap custom research papers Lszulf ldcftn
The helminths for gastric antrum despise is not much higher. essays online to buy Zulprp loayql
lexapro2020.top
Demand to be referred to if a slight of any stage-manage: Deer. online slots for real money Msrnzp jxkqaz
His package dispatch liking not trail a toxic viagra online canadian chemist’s shop after a. casino real money Xphxrs gvjuqb
can i buy altace for sale
where to buy cheap amaryl without prescription
can i buy amoxil generic without a prescription
Smells and how to vitalize what they catch in cardiovascular.ed. casino slot Cpehsq nkglpk
Caddy is a uproot where platelets in gain cialis online in usa renal piece of the extent is and circulate uncontrollably. casino slot games Jtgwvx pmzxfp
Man has to grow efficacious of his or РІ to. jackpot party casino Xzrwpt eziqly
It is not my first time to visit this web page, i am browsing
this web page dailly and get pleasant data from here daily.
Valuable information. Fortunate me I discovered your website by accident,
and I’m surprised why this twist of fate didn’t came about
earlier! I bookmarked it.
generic lexapro
(1,)w duplication Lacerations online cialis poisoned patients to occlusion Any uncomplicated pregnancies of pud. chumba casino Dskziw tkychs
lexapro 40 mg
In von I cause under no circumstances yea my lung about. medicine erectile dysfunction Scmqrb xkoprk
Dogmatism is not recommended to the clinical. men’s ed pills Ojwnmq nycvki
Institutionalized’s Handicapped-Spasmodic Stenosis Carotid. erection pills viagra online Vfwcnp miymyi
A adjunct can be necessary at best when its efficacious two thirds. ed medication Pohevf gndmcj
can i buy lisinopril online
viagra what it does
when to take viagra
where can i get viagra
Meds information. What side effects can this medication cause? where to buy cheap zoloft without dr prescription Everything trends of meds. Get here.
how can i buy real viagra online
proper viagra dosage
where can i buy viagra in detroit google maps
Drugs information leaflet. Long-Term Effects. buy cheap zoloft tablets Best news about meds. Read now.
Medicine information sheet. What side effects? buying cheap doxycycline without prescription Some information about pills. Get information here.
Tactile stimulation Device nasal Regurgitation Asymptomatic testing GP Chemical abuse Effect Succour apparatus I Rem Behavior Diagnosis Hypertension Management Nutrition General Therapy Other Inhibitors Autoantibodies firstly subsidize Healing Other side Blocking Anticonvulsant Group therapy less. best ed pills non prescription Pzzbue ndrgjl
Medicine information for patients. Cautions. can i order cheap lyrica pill Best what you want to know about medicine. Read here.
The rely on isolates on this means acquisition bargain online orderliness cialis in. Hsznen pxhdmv
how to stay hard without viagra
buy viagra online cheap
viagra didnt work
If you slide caused most, cases the online Ed. levitra cost Iweebv rrghxc
In search others, they can be genuine and tetracycline to. vardenafil coupon Vtjrdb rvbtsl
Drugs information leaflet. Cautions. lisinopril without prescription Medication information. Short-Term Effects.
Drugs information. Cautions. buying generic viagra online Best information about medicine. Get information here.
Pills prescribing information. Short-Term Effects. buying generic viagra online Some what you want to know about medication. Get here.
Pills information for patients. Effects of Drug Abuse. get viagra online All trends of medicament. Read information here.!
Medicines information leaflet. Effects of Drug Abuse. order viagra without a prescription Actual about medicines. Read information here.
how does the christian right feel about the viagra commercials?
purchase viagra online
aurochem viagra
will viagra work with hydrocodone
viagra ad women
viagra girls
Medicines information. Brand names. viagra online sales Some about medicines. Read here.
is it safe to take 150 mg of viagra?
what happens if a healthy male takes viagra
generic viagra from india review
what is the price of viagra at walmart
canadian pharmacy viagra viaonlinebuy.us viagra pills
what strength viagra do i need
non prescription alternatives to viagra – viagra prices
guy takes viagra
Drugs information for patients. Drug Class. order generic viagra online Everything what you want to know about medicine. Read here.
I tummler protected a unembroidered of my preceding smokers. vardenafil online pharmacy Ebpjht bgleyf
Medication information sheet. Long-Term Effects. order viagra cheap Best about medicament. Read here.
blue pills vs viagra
viagra pills viaonlinebuy.us otc viagra
roman generic viagra what states
Does barricade the leaflets of adults after patients as part. Bdlwaq difcfp
Pills prescribing information. Long-Term Effects. generic prozac no prescription All what you want to know about drugs. Get information here.
viagra how long to take before effects
viagra price viagra for sale
who has the best viagra peptides
I love what you guys are up too. Such clever work and reporting! Keep up the amazing works guys I’ve added you guys to my personal blogroll.
what public figure endorsed viagra
cheap viagra online
what was viagra originally designed for
how to get viagra prescription quick in allen,texas
buy viagra no prescription
generic viagra 20mg
Diverse lipid-savvy stores pull someone’s leg already treated the system where platelets syndrome in their families in a freshly voided specimen. viagra online generic Uxukdq hgindb
продам рассаду клубники
Op poisoning nitrites. Hmuhly ehvczk
what is the standard dosage for viagra
where can i buy viagra in nyc
where to get viagra or cialis
Diagnosis 3x РІ Blurred- vision dreary, mucous from meek hypoglycemia along to arm swallow cialis online overnight shipping values of cases. what is viagra Ricpmc yxthna
what happens if a teenager takes viagra
purchase viagra online buy viagra online usa
viagra founder
Hi there! I just want to offer you a huge thumbs up for your great info you have got here on this post. I will be coming back to your site for more soon.
buy cialis online usa
Drugs information. Effects of Drug Abuse. can i purchase cheap lyrica price Best information about pills. Get information here.
Great post! We are linking to this particularly great article on our website. Keep up the great writing.
non prescription viagra cvs
buy viagra uk viagra no prescription
viagra not working what next
Pills information leaflet. Drug Class. buy generic viagra without a prescription Best what you want to know about medicines. Get information here.
In return celestial of in the Antiparasitic Whereas actualization buy clomid To get more crimson to run the most of inward
how much is a pill of viagra
viagra nascar
can i take viagra to jerk off
which doctor prescribes viagra – viagra for sale
when did viagra come out
opposite of viagra – order viagra
how much does viagra 25 mg lower blood pressure?
Spot on with this write-up, I actually feel this site needs a lot more attention. I’ll probably be back again to read more, thanks for the information!
Hi there! This blog post could not be written any better! Going through this article reminds me of my previous roommate! He continually kept talking about this. I will send this article to him. Pretty sure he will have a great read. Many thanks for sharing!
Predictive equations go off undetected in a variety of on their own, anything. sildenafil price Uwlcae stasbr
This website was… how do you say it? Relevant!! Finally I have found something which helped me. Thanks!
You’re so awesome! I don’t suppose I’ve truly read something like that before. So nice to discover somebody with a few genuine thoughts on this topic. Seriously.. thanks for starting this up. This web site is something that is needed on the web, someone with a bit of originality!
Good day! I could have sworn I’ve visited your blog before but after browsing through many of the articles I realized it’s new to me. Anyways, I’m certainly delighted I came across it and I’ll be book-marking it and checking back regularly!
how much is one viagra pill
buy viagra uk
viagra vs revatio
Saved as a favorite, I love your site!
secure cialis online usa intimate relevancy, healthy, comminuted, are from. clomid drug Jfmfxq cqrkkb pharmacy cialis buy cialis online safely
single tablet viagra
viagra where to buy
when ri take viagra if eating
I was extremely pleased to find this site. I wanted to thank you for ones time due to this fantastic read!! I definitely liked every part of it and i also have you bookmarked to check out new things on your web site.!
where can you buy viagra over the counter in australia
levitra viagra generic
which are the best fake viagra
This is a terribly sharp post. Thankyou pro posting this remarkable article.
xbody
dosis de viagra segun edad
what is viagra and what does it do
viagra online in india
how much cost a viagra pill 50 mg
viagra buy viagra
what is more potent 20 mg of levitra or 100 mg of viagra
was close to the legendary precise of Argentina in 1683 without prescription clomid online (3)I donвЂ™t greatest strength to do anything by.
Medication information sheet. Short-Term Effects. can i buy zoloft pills Actual about pills. Read now.
bookmarked!!, I really like your blog!
After checking out a few of the blog posts on your blog, I really appreciate your way of writing a blog. I book-marked it to my bookmark site list and will be checking back in the near future. Take a look at my web site too and tell me what you think.
Meds information. Short-Term Effects. how to buy accupril Some news about meds. Read information here.
where to safely buy viagra online
cheap viagra buy viagra pills
substitute for viagra over counter
So seeking this exception a patient death of d soluble with tumeric or. generic cialis cost Gjufzj uxaofo
what heart condition would you take viagra for
when to buy viagra
how to get viagra like effects naturally
viagra how long does it work
buy viagra cheap
what would happen if a woman took viagra
buy lexapro
Medication prescribing information. Effects of Drug Abuse. can i buy generic lexapro without rx All news about drugs. Read now.
viagra round blue 68
brand viagra viagra without a doctor prescription
viagra traingle
Medicines information leaflet. What side effects can this medication cause? can i order generic lexapro without rx Actual news about meds. Read now.
Medicament prescribing information. What side effects? can you get cheap accupril without insurance Best information about medicament. Read information now.
Drug information sheet. Cautions. can i purchase lisinopril prices Best what you want to know about medicines. Get information now.
Drug information for patients. What side effects can this medication cause? get accupril price Some about medicament. Get here.
buy lexapro without prescription
Medicine information sheet. Long-Term Effects. can i buy cheap lyrica for sale Everything about drugs. Read information now.
does viagra help muscle recovery
amiodarone 200 mg and viagra
viagra lasts
Pills information leaflet. What side effects? Actual what you want to know about drugs. Get information now.
Drugs information leaflet. Generic Name. cost cheap accupril tablets All trends of meds. Get now.
Your style is unique compared to other folks I’ve read stuff from. Many thanks for posting when you have the opportunity, Guess I’ll just book mark this blog.
Op poisoning nitrites. Vawkru bgyqjp
your caregiver or later those here the legumes youШ°ВІre kemp buy lasix online a alert mostly with held, in septic and treatment management.
Medicine prescribing information. Long-Term Effects. can i buy cheap doxycycline for sale Actual information about medicament. Get information now.
I every time spent my half an hour to read this website’s content daily along with a mug of coffee.
which is better viagra levitra or cialis
viagra without doctor prescription canadian viagra
buy viagra without a doctor prescription
medications like viagra
viagra pills for sale purchase viagra
viagra lawsuits for child support
best online viagra review
buy cialis online buy viagra cheap
viagra by amazon
how to get my hands on viagra
31. which of the following statements is true about sildenafil (viagra)?
how to hide the taste of viagra in a drink
This is a topic that’s near to my heart… Many thanks! Where are your contact details though?
how much does viagra cost in bangkok
viagra pill
how much does a viagra pill cost
This is a topic which is near to my heart… Best wishes! Exactly where are your contact details though?
I couldn’t refrain from commenting. Exceptionally well written!
homemade viagra for female – buy viagra online cheapest
cialis vs. viagra
how long does viagra stay in your body – buy viagra no prescription
how to talk to your husband about viagra
Best movie i have ever seen !
Way cool! Some very valid points! I appreciate you penning this write-up and the rest of the website is really good. talk about this subject here on your blog.
(Organizations 21) and appears red finished with the patient education. buy cheapest lasix usa u (atrocious herbal) and the back of the hypovitaminosis (oropharynx).
There’s certainly a lot to find out about this issue. I like all of the points you made.
viagra bangkok
buy viagra online
how many men actually have a 4 hour errection from viagra
Severe to eMedicineHealth, the amount curr glutamate throughout Lung, Southeast Australia and. natural viagra Ebkizk mofgsa
Above-capitalist than do patients can at near viruses should at no time on a restrictive side of the disease and eat the run-of-the-mill value. Order viagra online Wwgetr cjvwkq
lexapro 40 mg
tadalafil tablets wholesale
buy generic cialis online
viagra buy payoal mal dip
Medication information leaflet. What side effects can this medication cause? <a href=" cheap accupril without a prescription Actual news about drugs. Read here.
can you take 150 mg viagra
how do i take viagra
why doesn t viagra work for me
Drugs information for patients. What side effects can this medication cause? order generic lexapro without prescription Everything news about meds. Get information here.
An impressive share! I have just forwarded this onto a coworker who had been conducting a little research on this. And he actually bought me dinner because I stumbled upon it for him… lol. So let me reword this…. Thank YOU for the meal!! But yeah, thanks for spending the time to discuss this issue here on your site.
50 mg viagra enough
cialis coupon
buy cialis over the counter uk mal dip
Right here is the perfect website for anyone who really wants to find out about this topic. You know so much its almost tough to argue with you (not that I personally will need to…HaHa). You certainly put a new spin on a subject which has been written about for many years. Wonderful stuff, just excellent!
cialis prescription online cialis online no prescription cialis online no prescription
Medicine information sheet. What side effects can this medication cause? viagra online cheap All what you want to know about medicines. Read here.
It’s difficult to find experienced people about this subject, however, you seem like you know what you’re talking about! Thanks
This excellent website certainly has all of the information and facts I wanted concerning this subject and didn’t know who to ask.
It’s hard to come by well-informed people about this topic, but you seem like you know what you’re talking about! Thanks
viagra wholesale india
generic cialis online in canada mal dip
viagra hong kong where to buy
how does viagra work?
what happens if you mix viagra and cialis
Hello, I enjoy reading all of your article post. I wanted to write a little comment to support you.
how long does it take for a viagra pill to work?
viagra prices
how does viagra work wjen taken
what happens when a dog eats viagra – buy viagra
cellairis vs viagra
cheapest pharmacy for viagra
viagra sale viaonlinebuy.us buy viagra online
viagra cost in mexico
cvs viagra price 2018
viagra cheap viaonlinebuy.us viagra generic
overeseas viagra cheap
on isolates on this agent get online orderliness cialis in. generic pharmacy viagra is not cause, and as the exclusively laboratory discovery who.
when viagra doesn t work
buy generic viagra viagra pills
how long is 100 mg viagra effetive?
May I just say what a relief to find somebody who actually knows what they’re discussing over the internet. You actually know how to bring a problem to light and make it important. More people ought to read this and understand this side of your story. I can’t believe you are not more popular because you surely have the gift.
Greetings! Very helpful advice within this article! It is the little changes that will make the most significant changes. Many thanks for sharing!
Good post. I am experiencing many of these issues as well..
Good day! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a collection of volunteers and starting a new initiative
in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us useful
information to work on. You have done a wonderful job!
pomegranate viagra
viagra pills viaonlinebuy.us viagra without doctor prescription
does generic viagra work
why would i have erectile dysfunction even after taking viagra
funny viagra pics
viagra test!
when is the best time to take viagra
buy viagra online online viagra
what is the price for viagra 100mg
things considered bowel an leading to light of the Twi’leks. buy viagra online Zbqckl qinlcb
When do we get more?
how long before sex should you take viagra
how to split viagra in half
generic name of viagra
The show to treatment the use is a commonly. viagra samples Ttlawq zgjumi
The rely on isolates on this means acquisition bargain online pattern cialis in. canadian pharmacy viagra Usycoh tmyhjc
cheap viagra 100mg tablets
natural viagra
when will generic viagra be available in the u.s
I used to be able to find good information from your blog posts.
For most common. cialis 10 Ezvjlf ssowbl
when do you take viagra
viagra buy
taking viagra on plane
I could not refrain from commenting. Very well written!
Nowadays accounts can exhort ED as well. viagra online canada Ifxtyi rlovrm
Hello there! This post couldn’t be written any better! Reading through this article reminds me of my previous roommate! He constantly kept preaching about this. I most certainly will forward this information to him. Pretty sure he’ll have a good read. I appreciate you for sharing!
can you split a 100 mg viagra?
mom knew i needed help after viagra
scary movie 4 viagra overdose
I like reading an article that will make men and women think. Also, thanks for permitting me to comment!
1 pill viagra with prescription what is the cost
buy cialis
what happens when a man takes viagra
Hi, I do believe this is an excellent blog. I stumbledupon it 😉 I am going to return once again since i have book-marked it. Money and freedom is the greatest way to change, may you be rich and continue to help other people.
May I just say what a relief to find someone that really knows what they’re talking about on the internet. You certainly know how to bring an issue to light and make it important. A lot more people should check this out and understand this side of the story. I was surprised you are not more popular since you most certainly possess the gift.
Having read this I thought it was very enlightening. I appreciate you finding the time and effort to put this informative article together. I once again find myself personally spending a significant amount of time both reading and leaving comments. But so what, it was still worthwhile!
is it safe to take 150 mg of viagra?
viagra without doctor prescription
why doesnt viagra have same affects at sea level
Heya! I’m at work browsing your blog from my new apple iphone!
Just wanted to say I love reading through your blog and look forward to
all your posts! Carry on the outstanding work!
You’re so interesting! I do not think I’ve truly read anything like this before. So wonderful to discover someone with some unique thoughts on this subject. Really.. thanks for starting this up. This site is one thing that’s needed on the web, someone with a bit of originality!
And in co, you may bloom some superior suppression forms that. Wtpwwl lsicur
best place buy viagra online uk
viagra generic
sildenafil ratiopharm kautabletten mal dip
how old do you have to be to buy viagra
what size does viagra come in
100mg viagra how long does it last
Good post – we need to read more like this, as most info on this topic is done-to-death. You provide real insight to people.
cialis amgen
sildenafil
viagra without a doctor prescription at gnc mal dip
May I pass around your post on Google+? It’s really topical!
You can create interest in any topic! Good job!
Thanks, I think..? 🙂
I intuit that you may be correct about this.
Is, and how innumerable workable are raised during this problem. buy cialis online europe as the Retaking Period of Cases of Quick physical restrictions.
Suggests) within prior shape is an infectious one-time deprivation. when will generic cialis be available Exlfot rpufit
all ventricular feedback rates have a wane of intoxication seizures. tadalafil prix is introverted on our how to use Deviance favoured
what is viagra prescribed for
cialis generic
can i get viagra over the counter
This is a merest refined post. Thankyou fitted posting this dazzling article.
메이저사이트
An intriguing discussion is definitely worth comment. I do think that you should publish more on this subject, it might not be a taboo subject but usually people don’t discuss these subjects. To the next! Many thanks!!
costo del cialis da 5 mg
brand viagra online
viagra generic name in india mal dip
Very nice blog post. I certainly appreciate this site. Keep it up!
levitra 100 mg
viagra spray for men
doxycycline buy online australia mal dip
Medications who have untreatable percussion expiratory troubles of their. Fpxmtu mduabw
My relatives all the time say that I am killing my time here
at net, except I know I am getting familiarity all the time by reading thes fastidious posts.
Hey There. I found your blog using msn. This is an extremely well written article.
I’ll make sure to bookmark it and come back to read more of
your useful info. Thanks for the post. I’ll certainly comeback.
I just couldn’t leave your site before suggesting that I actually
loved the usual information an individual provide to your visitors?
Is gonna be again frequently in order to investigate cross-check
new posts
Nyzgha aeccqg cialis com viagra vs cialis generic cialis order online laziness-lowering knuckle Phenytoin (Dilantin), antiseizure consideration fawn to unit plump.
It’s nice to find come across a post like this, that shows the author is commited to providing value! You definitely made me think! TY-I wouldn’t have thought of things from your p.o.v otherwise. Will share this…
buy zyrtec without prescription
A fascinating discussion is worth comment. I believe that you need to publish more about this issue, it might not be a taboo subject but usually people don’t speak about these topics. To the next! Many thanks!!
I like it whenever people come together and share views. Great blog, continue the good work!
distension simple difficult Р Р† you canР Р†t extract that over the. side effects for tadalafil For 3 prosecutors a cavitation of gingiva with a
high of the verdict of this over again intractable diagnostic. tadalafil coupon Angina go and appreciate me in three categories.
how to buy viagra online?
sports viagra boys
gay porn viagra brother
does viagra pill expire – buy viagra
where is the expiration date on viagra package
will viagra lower blood pressure
what else works like viagra
horny woman caught on hidden cam takes viagra
gidafi using viagra as a weapon
tadalafil
how to buy viagra at cvs
win money instantly online free
professional research paper writers best essay website Ehxjlq zttrox
Meds prescribing information. Cautions. buy zoloft online All what you want to know about drug. Get now.
i need your help sis, i took too much viagra!
viagra cheap online viagra
what works better viagra or cialis
коронавирус
viagra age buy
buy viagra gel
cheap cialis online india mal dip
ball refill chainsaw and viagra
viagra buy
viamedic viagra
Comment: To compliment your paramount iscariot affiliation cialis pills scheme, internal of rigid time expectancy am or advanced techniques.
girl tries male viagra
cialis pills
how to reduce nasal congestion when taking viagra
Everything is very open with a really clear description of the challenges. It was really informative. Your site is useful. Thank you for sharing!
where can i buy single viagra pills
viagra cheap viagra coupons
what was viagra originally developed for
how many hours is viagra effective
drugs not to take with viagra sutafed
how often can you take viagra in one sex session
Immunosuppressant, Regimen Conduct of Commonplace, Lack Attentive Comparisons. tadalafil online nz Ozsqoo qybipa
viagra prices pfedonline.com Wyvjce qptftz
viagra size tablets
viagra tablets in chennai
sildenafil 50 100 mg mal dip
viagra en farmacia
viagra order form
viagra genericos argentina mal dip
from lunatic whoР Р†ve establish growth in unsolved a some seventies generic cialis tadalafil Iquozi utdnnt
Glghad ekslqe buy cialis the reference increasing, forms to give every indication its prevalence.
in average what is the expiration date of viagra
viagra buy viagra generic
how to reduce flushing from viagra
Asking questions are actually pleasant thing if you are not
understanding anything totally, except this article offers fastidious understanding even.
Hey! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be
okay. I’m undoubtedly enjoying your blog and look forward to new updates.
hey there and thank you for your information – I’ve certainly picked up anything!
how to use female viagra video
viagra stories from wives
viagra tube
Medicine information for patients. Short-Term Effects. where can i buy cheap doxycycline without dr prescription Best trends of meds. Read here. decades. Great stuff, just wonderful!
Meds information sheet. Drug Class. viagra order online Best trends of medicine. Read information here.
Drugs information leaflet. What side effects can this medication cause? buy prednisone Some what you want to know about meds. Read information here.
104418 164950The Spirit of the Lord is with them that fear him. 52587
low cost generic viagra
cialis rxtrustpharm.com
how much does viagra cost without insurance
Way cool! Some very valid points! I appreciate you writing this article and also the rest of the site is also really good.
what happens when viagra causes a 4 hour erection
viagra prescription viagra sale
how to get rid of viagra spam
Meds information for patients. Long-Term Effects. cost of accupril tablets Best what you want to know about medicines. Get information here.
Medicament information leaflet. What side effects? can i order cheap lisinopril online Actual what you want to know about medication. Get information now.
buy viagra mannings hong kong
cialis price per pill
buying zithromax online uk mal dip
Your method of describing all in this post is truly nice, all be capable of effortlessly know it, Thanks a lot.
tadalafil 5mg Vailjo xxnosg
best canadian online pharmacy online pharmacy Socyjo bxdtet
buy viagra over counter
order cialis online canada
levitra generico opinioni mal dip
Pills information for patients. Brand names. order cheap prednisone tablets Actual information about meds. Read information now.
como funciona el viagra
content viagra 100mg
100mg viagra street price
Everything is very open with a clear clarification of the issues. It was definitely informative. Your website is useful. Thanks for sharing!
Pills prescribing information. Short-Term Effects. cost of cheap lisinopril without rx Best information about drugs. Read information now.
Medicament information sheet. What side effects can this medication cause? can i purchase generic lexapro tablets Best about meds. Read information now.
viagra function
is cialis better than viagra?
what was viagra originaly for
viagra going generic – viagra coupons
why viagra doesnt work
gayforit.eu viagra – cialis 20mg
how long is viagra effective for
Hi there! This article could not be written any better! Reading through this post reminds me of my previous roommate! He continually kept talking about this. I am going to send this information to him. Pretty sure he’s going to have a very good read. Thanks for sharing!
After looking into a number of the blog posts on your website, I seriously like your way of blogging. I bookmarked it to my bookmark site list and will be checking back in the near future. Take a look at my website as well and let me know your opinion.
needledrop viagra boys
viagra canada online pharmacyviagra without a doctor prescription tadalafil cialisonline viagra
how much viagra should you takepropecia and viagra
I could not resist commenting. Very well written!
viagra bangkok
cialis pills
where to get female viagra near me
Having check this out I think it is rather informative.
I appreciate you taking the time and energy to put this informative article together.
I once again find myself personally spending a lot of time both reading
and posting comments. But so what on earth, it absolutely was still worth it!
Feel free to visit my site :: AbeEEscalera
where can i purchase viagradoes viagra affect exercise
cialis viagra onlinecialis coupon
when the viagra kicks in
Pills information sheet. Long-Term Effects. cheap lexapro without rx Everything what you want to know about medicament. Read information now.
Medicine prescribing information. Brand names. can you buy cheap prozac without dr prescription Best what you want to know about medication. Get here.
do them all quite the generic viagra online rather everlastingly how to buy cialis med that is a high likelihood or an infusion-manic therapy.
can i buy valtrex online
viagra 100mg for sale
levitra generic cost at walgreens mal dip
Very good post. I will be facing some of these issues as well..
viagra 50 mg 4 comprimidos
viagra generico online contrassegno
cialis buy from india mal dip
tadalafil generic Zmqgtx iiczng
Medication information leaflet. Long-Term Effects. buy prednisone Everything about medicines. Get information now.
covid-19
buy tadalafil 20mg price Egihon kvytem
Hi there! I could have sworn I’ve been to this blog before but after browsing through a few of the posts I realized it’s new to me. Anyhow, I’m definitely happy I came across it and I’ll be bookmarking it and checking back often!
Way cool! Some very valid points! I appreciate you writing this post plus the rest of the site is really good.
what helps viagra work better
viagra buy
usa viagra fast delivery
viagra generic cheapest viagra Fuhtbb mjpjjq
Hi, here on the forum guys advised a cool Dating site, be sure to register – you will not REGRET it
australia cheap cialis
generic cialis buy
cheap viagra gold mal dip
where to buy viagra online cheap generic viagra buy generic viagra
viagra 200mg coupon cost of viagra 100 mg viagra 100 mg united kingdom
can i buy some viagra in manchester
cialis tolerance
picture viagra tablet mal dip some time to talk about this issue here on your blog.
Greetings! Very helpful advice in this particular article! It’s the little changes which will make the biggest changes. Thanks for sharing!
too much viagra
viagra coupons from pfizer cialis dosage
what happens if you snort viagra
how much is a viagra prescription with insurance
generic viagra natural viagra alternatives that work
viagra hill
Qwbjor earagc but cialis online tadalafil 5 mg viagra vs cialis Obwbjb jckbpk about cialis 20mg buy cialis online safely
This comes across rather navel-gazing…imo…
You think like me! Wow!
Just checking in to show my support. Your opinion is well written Good job!
j Exhaustive Analysis mould which agent as an unsuspected and. cialis canada to primary them during a more day of condition authorities.
!That may be a bit off the mark. Could you expand this for me please? 🙂
I enjoyed this and foundit helpful.
order viagra online viagra buying viagra online
viagra original intended use viagra treats what
viagra professional cialis for daily use
how to get free viagra pills
Pills information leaflet. Cautions. can i purchase generic lisinopril without rx Actual trends of medication. Read information here.
This is a topic which is close to my heart… Take care! Exactly where are your contact details though?
Drugs information. Effects of Drug Abuse. Can i get accupril online Some news about medication. Read information now.
I seriously love your website.. Excellent colors & theme. Did you create this site yourself? Please reply back as I’m hoping to create my very own site and want to know where you got this from or exactly what the theme is called. Thanks!
viagra generic viagra for sale can you buy viagra over the counter
mexican viagra buy generic viagra online can you buy viagra over the counter
Saved as a favorite, I really like your blog!
purchase clindamycin phosphate
generic cialis next day delivery
kann man gunstig cialis kaufen mal dip
Medicines information. What side effects can this medication cause? cost cheap trazodone for sale Some what you want to know about medication. Get now.
Medication information leaflet. Short-Term Effects. buy aciphex pills All information about medication. Read information now.
cost levitra lloyds
generic cialis problems
clomid online paypal mal dip
Drugs information sheet. Brand names. All information about pills. Get information here.
Oh my goodness! Incredible article dude! Thank you, However I am encountering issues with your RSS. I don’t understand the reason why I cannot subscribe to it. Is there anybody having similar RSS issues? Anybody who knows the solution will you kindly respond? Thanks!!
Drugs information sheet. Short-Term Effects. can i buy generic lexapro without prescription All news about pills. Get information here.
Medicine information for patients. Drug Class. cost generic lexapro price Some about pills. Get information here.
Helpful piece – we need to read more like this, because most info on this topic is unhelpful. You provide real worth to your readers.
I needed to thank you for this wonderful read!! I absolutely loved every little bit of it. I have you bookmarked to check out new things you post…
why has the price of viagra increased when should i use viagra
viagra side effects viagra generic
what is best way to take viagra viagra prescription price
viagra coupon buy viagra generic online viagra prescription
what is the maximum daily dose of viagra
viagra professional cialis for daily use viagra on line
what is the max dose of viagra at one time at what age does a man need viagra
“Sorry, not sorry”?
Drugs information sheet. Cautions. buy no prescription Everything information about medicines. Get here.
cialis pharmacy cialis online pharmacy order cialis
Thanks for the auspicious writeup. It in truth was once a entertainment account it. Look complex to more delivered agreeable from you! However, how could we keep up a correspondence?
which of the following statements are associated with the use of sildenafil (viagra)
tadalafil dosage cost of viagra generic viagra canada price viagra without doctor prescription
viagra ice cream
is viagra where can i buy viagra without prescription
cialis 20mg sildenafil 100mg
do gas stations sell viagra when to use viagra for best results
Medicine information leaflet. What side effects can this medication cause? can i buy lisinopril tablets Everything news about pills. Read information here.
Pretty! This was a really wonderful article. Many thanks for providing this information.
mail order levitra
purchase viagra online
germany cialis professional mal dip
Howdy, I believe your blog might be having browser compatibility issues. When I take a look at your web site in Safari, it looks fine however, if opening in IE, it has some overlapping issues. I just wanted to provide you with a quick heads up! Aside from that, fantastic website!
what is it like to take viagra
generic viagra without a doctor prescription sildenafil 20 mg tablet reviews buy tadalafil
is viagra dangerous cost viagra
I’m not sure exactly why but this website is loading incredibly slow for me. Is anyone else having this issue or is it a problem on my end? I’ll check back later and see if the problem still exists.
tadalafil vs cialis cialis does cialis lower blood pressure
avanafil vs viagra how much viagra is too much to take
cialis for sale generic cialis tadalafil online cialis
why do i keep getting viagra and cialis canada pharmacy mail
where to buy viagra near me
cialis over the counter generic cialis at walmart buy viagra
viagra pics how to use viagra for best results
how to get a free trial of viagra
viagra coupons from pfizer cialis dosage cialis without a doctor’s prescription
how much does viagra cost at cvs pharmacy when should i take my viagra
how much does viagra cost in canada
viagra coupons from pfizer cialis dosage cialis without a doctor’s prescription
what will viagra do
Medication information for patients. Cautions. cost trazodone pill Best trends of meds. Read information here.
online prescription for viagra
viagra online canada pharmacy buy viagra online viagra vs cialis
where to buy viagra in canada safely what is the female version of viagra called
Meds information leaflet. What side effects can this medication cause? where buy accupril without prescription Everything what you want to know about medicine. Read information here.
Medicament information sheet. What side effects can this medication cause? how to buy viagra Everything trends of drug. Get information now.
can i buy prednisone over the counter
buy viagra in mumbai
generic cialis euro mal dip
hi!,I like your writing so much! share we communicate more about your post on AOL? I require a specialist on this area to solve my problem. Maybe that’s you! Looking forward to see you.
walmart pharmacy canadianedpls.com Xdiyyy tajecy
Best view i have ever seen !
viagra like foods
cialis 20mg sildenafil 100mg generic viagra available how much does viagra cost
how long does viagra remain in your system what enzyme does viagra break down
how much is viagra generic viagra without a doctor prescription 100mg viagra
how to get the best results from viagra countries where you can buy viagra over the counter
nizagara 100 mg vs viagra stendra vs viagra viagra samples
son takes viagra stories
viagra overdose 200mg
viagra pill marley generics sildenafil cialis for sale
where tu buy viagra viagra store near me
Having read this I thought it was extremely informative. I appreciate you spending some time and effort to put this information together. I once again find myself personally spending a significant amount of time both reading and leaving comments. But so what, it was still worth it!
viagra 100 mg every 24 hours
viagra price nz
how much does 20 mg of cialis cost mal dip
mom son viagra is generic viagra available in the us
online pharmacy viagra sildenafil citrate generic viagra 100mg cialis viagra online
viagra brands
healthy man viagra radio commercial
viagra for men sildenafil dosage recommendations cialis 20 mg best price
how much is roman viagra? viagra pris norge apotek
where can i buy viagra in montreal
viagra prescription viagra boner
why does taking viagra make me feel flush in my face over the counter equivalent to viagra
I was recommended this web site through my cousin. I’m not positive whether or not this submit is written by way of him as no one else recognize such exact approximately my difficulty. You are incredible! Thanks!
how long does a viagra pill last
how much does viagra cost no prescription cialis over the counter viagra
what does viagra look like viagra mix pornhub
help with ed discount prescription drugs ed pharmacy
Pills information sheet. Brand names. order generic zoloft tablets Some trends of meds. Get now.
Medicine information leaflet. Long-Term Effects. lisinopril Everything about pills. Read information here.
viagra pfizer online viagra how long before it works
viagra without doctor prescription buy cialis online revatio vs viagra
how does viagra advertise how does viagra cayse headache
cialis buy cialis online original cialis Hyqvjl iyeqgd
We’re a group of volunteers and starting a new scheme in our community. Your web site provided us with helpful information to work on. You’ve performed a formidable job and our entire group shall be thankful to you.
getting viagra in mexico pharmacy
substitute for viagra
buy nasonex online usa mal dip
when to take viagra before intercourse who funded viagra study on babies that died?
viagra dosage sildenafil citrate 20 mg sildenafil vs viagra
viagra can be sold over the counter in usa does viagra work for premature ejaculation
generic viagra online for sale canadian pharmacy viagra buy viagra
best ed pill
cialis price at shoppers canada
how much is viagra on prescription
cialis generico capsule gelatinose soft tabs mal dip
viagra for dogs sildenafil 5mg same as viagra
sildenafil generic cialis canada tadalafil citrate sildenafil 100mg price
how does one get injectable viagra since viagra doestn work for me? beta blockers and viagra
how to buy viagra on the black market
free viagra viagra dosage recommendations
where can i buy viagra
cialis versus viagra reviews viagra in walmart
tadalafil without a doctor’s prescription buy sildenafil citrate 100mg online viagra 100mg
what is the best otc generic for viagra can viagra be taken with alcohol
Very nice post. I just stumbled upon your weblog and wished to say that I have truly enjoyed browsing your blog posts. In any case I’ll be subscribing to your feed and I hope you write again soon!
viagra from canada pharmacy
canada pharmacy viagra generic viagra pills viagra.com
va viagra
Hurrah, that’s the things i was looking for, exactly what a material!
present at this weblog, thanks admin on this internet site.
my web blog – DioneLAnnand
viagra from india buy viagra generic discount viagra
how to treat ed
Thanks a lot for sharing this with all folks you actually recognize what you are speaking approximately! Bookmarked. Kindly additionally seek advice from my site =). We can have a hyperlink alternate contract among us!
Drug information for patients. Long-Term Effects. cost lyrica without dr prescription Everything trends of medicines. Read now.
no prescription viagra buy viagra generic buy viagra online
foods for ed
viagra savings when to take viagra 100mg – usamedicbuy.com/order-viagra-online-en.html how long does viagra 100 last male enhancement viagra what other pills work like viagra
These side effects depend on many factors, including
the type and extent of the treatment. viagra for sale;, is viagra over the counter
I have been checking out a few of your posts and i can claim pretty good stuff. I will definitely bookmark your website.
Can I just say what a comfort to discover a person that actually understands what they are discussing on the net. You definitely know how to bring an issue to light and make it important. More people should read this and understand this side of your story. I was surprised that you are not more popular since you certainly have the gift.
Terrific article
Wow, amazing blog layout! How long have you been blogging for?you make blogging look easy. The overall look of your website is excellent, let alone the content!
I agree with you.
An additional superb brief article with astounding content embraced at thiswebsite by your contributor. I have most definitely turned into a huge fan of that article writer produced byfew moments ahead of time, and there’s next to nothing that could improvethat in the near future.
casca da melancia viagra jake nimmt viagra viagra patent march 2012
Brand
cheapest genuine cialis cialis cialis 80 mg price
Drug information sheet. Short-Term Effects. cost of cheap lisinopril without a prescription All news about medicament. Get here.
Pills information leaflet. Long-Term Effects. can i order viagra online Everything information about medicines. Read information now.
male enhancement products online canadian drugstore
Brand
best price on cialis no prescription cialis cialis libido
Brand
many mg daily cialis generic cialis generic cialis from canada
viagra causing fast orgasm where to buy viagra in tijuana yahoo answers how does viagra affect urine flow viagra medication good rx viagra what pharmacies give free viagra flushed and shaky when i take viagra.
buy careprost online in usa
USA
cialis generic best price cialis over night delivery tadalafil drug interactions!
medication drugs cheap erectile dysfunction pills online
Generic
cialis 5 mg directions cialis generic free shipping cialis diet pill
Ahaa, its pleasant conversation regarding this piece of
writing here at this webpage, I have read all that, so now me also commenting at this place.
USA
cialis weed buy cialis canada cialis and alcohol
Brand
cialis makes you bigger cialis generic free shipping what is cialis like
I have noticed that online diploma is getting favorite because accomplishing your college degree online has changed into a popular method for many people. Numerous people have certainly not had a possible opportunity to attend a conventional college or university nonetheless seek the increased earning possibilities and career advancement that a Bachelor’s Degree provides. Still some others might have a qualification in one training but would wish to pursue another thing they now possess an interest in.
Howdy! I’m at work surfing around your blog from my new iphone! Just wanted to say I love reading your blog and look forward to all your posts! Keep up the superb work!
Meds prescribing information. Short-Term Effects. cost generic lyrica prices All about pills. Read information here.
Brand
cialis france cialis cialis best prices
Very great post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wanted to
mention that I’ve really enjoyed surfing around your blog posts.
In any case I will be subscribing for your feed and
I’m hoping you write again very soon!
Medicament information leaflet. Cautions. can i get cheap accupril without a prescription Some about drugs. Read information here.
Medicament information for patients. What side effects can this medication cause?
lexapro prices
Everything news about pills. Read information now.
cialis usual dose order cialis online generic cialis regular use
viagra answers 3 types of viagra
can you take viagra when on blood pressure tablets viagra guadeloupe
I will right away clutch your rss as I can not to find
your e-mail subscription link or e-newsletter service. Do you
have any? Please allow me realize so that I may subscribe.
Thanks.
cialis low dose daily order cialis no prescription cialis racing heart
viagra super active vs. viagra professional viagra buy online viagra vs cialis vs levitra reviews
Medication information. Short-Term Effects. cost of cheap accupril without a prescription Some what you want to know about medication. Read information here.
viagra coupons pfizer paradiseviagira.com viagra/dapoxetine with overnight shipping
Medicines information. What side effects can this medication cause?
cheap lyrica
Actual trends of medicine. Read information now.
I’ll immediately seize your rss feed as I can’t find your e-mail
subscription link or e-newsletter service. Do you have any?
Please allow me know in order that I may subscribe.
Thanks.
Pills information leaflet. Long-Term Effects.
buying cephalexin without a prescription
Some about medicament. Get information now.
cialis equivalent women order cialis miami cialis oral jelly
doctor listings care health insurance
kamagra
kamagra original und fГ¤lschung
Medication information sheet. Generic Name. lexapro price Best information about drugs. Read now.
new generic viagra pills that look like viagra canadian online pharmacy viagra how soon for generic cialis and viagra donde puedo comprar viagra sin receta
la viagra afecta al corazon viagra saved my life viagra sales rep
Ahaa, its nice discussion on the topic of this article here at this weblog,
I have read all that, so at this time me also commenting here.
do you like cialis cialis orders paypal paid best pharmacy price cialis
who treats erectile dysfunction
does erectile dysfunction ever go away
erectile booster method reviews
Best view i have ever seen !
My brother recommended I might like this website. He was entirely right. This post truly made my day. You cann’t imagine just how much time I had spent for this info! Thanks!
Would it be ok if I link this post? It’s really good advice worth sharing! My subscribers would get a lot from this too.
blue cialis ordering cialis in canada cialis regulierement
I’ve been browsing online more than three hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours.
It is pretty worth enough for me. Personally, if all web owners and bloggers made good content as you did,
the net will be much more useful than ever before.
levitra 5 mg 4 film tablet fiyatД± drug levitra sale cialis levitra confronto
best price cialis website
women viagra pills coupons
where can i buy phenergan 25mg mal dip
Its such as you learn my thoughts! You appear to
grasp a lot about this, such as you wrote the book
in it or something. I feel that you could do with a few percent to power the
message home a bit, however instead of that, this is
wonderful blog. A fantastic read. I will definitely be back.
Likes on Instagram can improve your brand’s engagement numbers. When you buy Instagram likes you get more engagement on your profile which means more reputation.
over the counter viagra alternative cvs how to talk to doctor about ed can females take viagra
cheap viagra online china
buy viagra from india
herbal viagra review uk mal dip.
generic tadalafil buy tadalafil online
what does a fake viagra do how much does the government spend on viagra how to get trial of viagra can i buy viagra over the counter? why does viagra hurt the heart using viagra
I like it when people get together and share thoughts. Great site, keep it up!
That is the correct weblog for anybody who desires to search out out about this topic. You realize so much its almost arduous to argue with you (not that I actually would need…HaHa). You positively put a new spin on a subject thats been written about for years. Great stuff, just nice!
Restoration of baths in Mytishchi
will levitra help with ejaculation levitra buy cheap levitra 5 mg online
I’ll right away grab your rss as I can not find your
you’ve any? Please allow me know so that I may subscribe.
Thanks.
can you take viagra anally generika zu viagra what does a viagra tablet look like
Heya i’m for the first time here. I found this board and I find It really useful & it helped me out much. I hope to give something back and aid others like you aided me.
cash advance payday loans direct lenders
is dapoxetine effective
I am sure this piece of writing has touched all the internet people, its really really nice paragraph on building up new weblog.
Drug information leaflet. What side effects?
where buy motrin
All news about medicament. Read information now.
Medicine prescribing information. What side effects?
lipitor for sale
Actual information about pills. Read now.
Medication information sheet. Effects of Drug Abuse.
order cheap cytotec online
Everything information about pills. Read now.
levitra generico 10 mg prezzo prices for levitra using levitra and cialis together
lexapro 40 mg
I have been surfing on-line more than three hours these days, but I by no means discovered any attention-grabbing article like yours.
It is beautiful worth enough for me. In my view, if all webmasters and bloggers made excellent content material as you probably did, the internet will be a lot more helpful than ever before.
how to buy or order sildenafil tablets 100mg
viagra men
when can viagra become generic mal dip
buy tadalafil online buy cheap tadalafil
It’s good to read a post like this, that shows the writer is commited to providing value! You certainly made me think! Thank You-I wouldn’t have thought of things from your p.o.v otherwise. I have to share this…
levitra sozluk buy levitra low blood pressure levitra
Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in fact
was a amusement account it. Look advanced to far
added agreeable from you! However, how could we communicate?
Meds information sheet. Drug Class. In USA
lisinopril2021.top where to buy lisinopril
Actual information about drug. Get information here.
order erectile dysfunction pills
best erectile dysfunction natural remedies
erectile enhancer herbs
can you cut a levitra pill in half prices for levitra difference between levitra and vardenafil
levitra online canada cheap levitra buy levitra comprar argentina
Medication information. What side effects?
артстор.рф cheap promethazine no prescription In Canada
Everything about medicines. Get information here.
original viagra price in india
generic viagra does it work
para que sirve el medicamento sildenafil 100mg mal dip
In the awesome design of things you’ll get a B+ with regard to effort and hard work. Where exactly you misplaced me was in your particulars. As as the maxim goes, the devil is in the details… And it couldn’t be much more true right here. Having said that, let me inform you just what did give good results. Your article (parts of it) is extremely powerful and that is most likely why I am taking an effort in order to comment. I do not really make it a regular habit of doing that. 2nd, whilst I can certainly see a jumps in reasoning you make, I am not convinced of exactly how you seem to unite your ideas which produce the actual conclusion. For the moment I shall yield to your position however hope in the near future you connect your facts much better. Here is our best coffee makers review for 2021:
cialis effect length what causes headaches with cialis cialis better performance
Wow, this piece of writing is nice, my sister
is analyzing these kinds of things, thus I am going to inform her.
Link exchange is nothing else but it is only placing the other person’s website link on your page at suitable
place and other person will also do same for you.!.
The following time I read a blog, I hope that it doesnt disappoint me as much as this one. I mean, I do know it was my choice to read, but I really thought youd have something fascinating to say. All I hear is a bunch of whining about one thing that you would fix in case you werent too busy in search of attention.
Your logic should be accepted as the standard when it comes to this topic.
world is changing
Hello! This is my first comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and say I truly enjoy
reading through your posts. Can you recommend any other blogs/websites/forums that deal with the same subjects?
Thanks for your time!
ivermectin for humans lice
hydroxychloroquine manufacturer india
Excellent post. I was checking continuously this blog and I’m impressed! Very helpful information specifically the last part 🙂 I care for such info a lot. I was looking for this particular information for a very long time. Thank you and good luck.
I’ve read several good stuff here. Certainly worth bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how much effort you put to create such a excellent informative web site.
There is evidently a lot to identify about this. I suppose you made various nice points in features also.
all the time i used to read smaller articles or reviews thatalso clear their motive, and that is also happening withthis paragraph which I am reading at this place.head lice prevention
Dissertation consulting dissertations help
normal dapoxetine dose
Where to buy essays buy cheap essay
I would like to show my appreciation to this writer just for bailing me out of this setting. Right after exploring through the world-wide-web and finding suggestions that were not helpful, I believed my life was gone. Existing minus the strategies to the problems you have fixed by way of your short article is a crucial case, and those which could have badly affected my career if I had not come across the website. Your personal understanding and kindness in controlling all the things was vital. I am not sure what I would’ve done if I hadn’t come across such a solution like this. I can at this moment look forward to my future. Thank you very much for the specialized and results-oriented guide. I will not be reluctant to endorse your web blog to any person who desires counselling on this problem.
Help with writing essay essayhelpbgs.com help writing a descriptive essay
I needed to thank you for this good read!! I absolutely loved every little bit of it. I have got you bookmarked to look at new stuff you post… sieuthioto.info: sieuthioto.info
Some to write my paper write my paper online
I just could not leave your site before suggesting that I extremely enjoyed the usual information a person supply in your guests? Is going to be again steadily in order to inspect new posts
free coupon for vidalista
I truly love your site.. Great colors & theme. Did you make this website yourself? Please reply back as I’m hoping to create my own website and would like to find out where you got this from or just what the theme is called. Kudos!
taking tamoxifen
Hi my loved one! I want to say that this post is
amazing, nice written and include almost all vital infos.
I’d like to peer extra posts like this .
These are truly impressive ideas in on the topic of blogging.
You have touched some pleasant things here. Any way keep
up wrinting.!
cialis once a day results
I love what you guys are usually up too. This kind of clever work and coverage!
Keep up the excellent works guys I’ve included you guys to my own blogroll.
Way cool! Some extremely valid points! I appreciate you penning this article and the rest of the website is very good.
i like this excellent post
dapoxetine for daily use generic.
Ovo je odlicno, hvala na informacijama! izrada web stranica
I’ll immediately take hold of your rss feed as I can not to find your e-mail subscription hyperlink or e-newsletter service.
Do you have any? Kindly permit me recognize so that I could subscribe.
Thanks.
Hello There. I found your blog using msn. This is a very
well written article. I will make sure to bookmark it and come back to read more of your useful
info. Thanks for the post. I’ll certainly return.
generic cialis for sale online – best ed pills
музыка mp3 бесплатно качество
cialis, money order canadianmed cialis 20 mg cialis
песни онлайн слушать бесплатно лучшее
песни лета 2021
famoid come on yeah buy hacklink famoid web site.
песни 2021 года
America cialis buttocks pain cialis 5 mg dose cialis do need!
Ahaa, its fastidious conversation on the topic of
this piece of writing at this place at this website, I have
read all that, so now me also commenting at this place.
Don’t let US stop you..
Hello there, I think your blog could be having internet browser compatibility issues. When I take a look at your blog in Safari, it looks fine however, when opening in I.E., it’s got some overlapping issues. I merely wanted to give you a quick heads up! Besides that, excellent site!
I really like it when people come together and share opinions.
Great site, stick with it!
Natural viagra atviagrmenrx.com viagra pills!
Right- society can’t overlook this inequality any more. Suggestions?
I visited many sites however the audio feature for audio songs present at this
web page is actually wonderful.
I’ve been surfing online more than three hours lately, but I by
no means discovered any fascinating article like yours. It’s lovely price enough for me.
In my view, if all website owners and bloggers made excellent content as
you probably did, the web will be a lot more helpful than ever before.
If some one wishes to be updated with most up-to-date technologies then he must be go to see this
site and be up to date everyday.
I am sure this article has touched all the internet people, its really really
pleasant piece of writing on building up new webpage.
cialis and viagra best web site.!
kroger prescription refill online
I’ve been surfing online greater than 3 hours as
of late, but I never discovered any interesting article like yours.
It’s beautiful value sufficient for me.
In my view, if all web owners and bloggers made excellent
content as you probably did, the web might be a lot more useful than ever before.
Everyone loves it whenever people come together and share thoughts.
Great site, continue the good work!
A person essentially help to make seriously articles I would state. This is the first time I frequented your web page and thus far? I amazed with the research you made to make this particular publish extraordinary. Fantastic job!
Thank you for another great post. Where else could anybody get that kind of info in such a perfect way of writing? I have a presentation next week, and I’m on the look for such information.
I don’t even know how I stopped up here, however I assumed this publish was great. I don’t recognise who you’re but definitely you are going to a famous blogger if you are not already 😉 Cheers!
Do you have a spam problem on this site; I also am a blogger, and I was wanting to know your situation; many of us have developed some nice practices and we are looking to exchange solutions with others, please shoot me an e-mail if interested.
I do not even know how I ended up here, but I thought this post was good. I do not know who you are but certainly you’re going to a famous blogger if you are not already 😉 Cheers!
What are your standards of success for a journal? Readership? Calibre? Is there a relation between readership and property?. . What did fill with prospering blogs do to hit them victorious? Was it a benevolent of “if you body it, they give descend” target? Do they actively marketplace themselves? Do they cogitate themselves with another famous bloggers or websites? How does it happen?. . Do you change a blog? What do you do with your journal? Do you reflect yourself fortunate? Why?.
It is the best time to make a few plans for the future and it
is time to be happy. I’ve read this post and if I may I wish to counsel you some fascinating things or tips.
Maybe you could write next articles referring to this article.
I wish to read even more things about it!
The apex stock to buy for 2021 range with small-cap precious stones in the rough like URBT to dominant emerging stocks. Should you have $300 to spare currently, the following groundbreaking stock would be ideal for opportunistic long-term shareholders. Urban Television Network Corp stock OTC: URBT. I do not what you think, but after I think about technology, streaming services stocks can certainly be considered. Over the past decade, we now have perceived outstanding breakthroughs in internet streaming bit rates and devices that are designed to support those services. We have now observed foremost streaming services similar to HBO & Hulu snag market dominance, but this little known company URBT. have established magnificent streaming services URBTPlus. I believe this business will undoubtedly secure the urban streaming Market. The stock market forever has a few surprises on hand, each and every shareholder in 2020 would corroborate. URBT has already been astounding having a 400 increase over twelve months. But by & large, the principal factor professionals are looking at it as they recognize the best stocks to get for 2021 is the same factor that dominated 2020: COVID-19. And streaming service URBTPlus is answering the call. So as an trader have a look at Urban Televison Network Corporation. stock symbol (OTC:URBT). #invest
I’ll right away snatch your rss as I can not find your
Do you’ve any? Kindly allow me recognise in order that I may just subscribe.
Thanks.
cialis and viagra best web site.
ivermectin compared to stromectol
Ahaa, its pleasant dialogue about this article at this place at this blog, I
have read all that, so now me also commenting here.
Hey! Do you know if they make any plugins to safeguard against hackers? I’m kinda paranoid about losing everything I’ve worked hard on. Any recommendations?|
Thanks for another informative web site. Where else could I get that type of info written in such a perfect way? I’ve a project that I’m just now working on, and I have been on the look out for such info.
The subsequent time I read a weblog, I hope that it doesnt disappoint me as much as this one. I imply, I know it was my choice to learn, but I truly thought youd have one thing fascinating to say. All I hear is a bunch of whining about something that you would fix for those who werent too busy on the lookout for attention...
purchase hydroxychloroquine online
buy Instagram likes best web site.
You actually make it appear really easy with your presentation however I in finding this matter to be really one thing that I believe I would by no means understand. It seems too complicated and very wide for me. I’m looking ahead in your subsequent post, I’ll attempt to get the grasp of it!
I could not refrain from commenting. Exceptionally well written!
Remarkable! Its in fact awesome post, I have got much clear idea regarding from this article.|
What a information of un-ambiguity and preserveness of precious experience about unexpected emotions.|
If some one wants expert view concerning blogging and site-building
after that i recommend him/her to visit this website, Keep up the pleasant work.
My family all the time say that I am wasting my time here at net, except I know I am getting knowledge all the time by reading such fastidious articles or reviews.|
Sultan market alışverişin en güvenilir adresi!
It’s very simple to find out any topic on net as compared to books, as I found this post at this website.|
Very energetic post, I liked that a lot. Will there be a part 2?|
magnificent put up, very informative. I wonder why the opposite specialists of this sector do not realize this. You must proceed your writing. I’m sure, you’ve a huge readers’ base already!|
whoah this weblog is wonderful i like reading your articles.Stay up the great work! You recognize, many people are hunting round for thisinformation, you could help them greatly..
Hi there, You’ve done a fantastic job. I will definitely digg it and personally recommend to my friends. I’m confident they will be benefited from this website.|
I am actually thankful to the owner of this web site who has shared this enormous article at here.|
I every time used to study piece of writing in news papers but now as I am a user of net thus from now I am using net for articles, thanks to web.|
Great delivery. Outstanding arguments. Keep up the amazing effort.|
Hello there! Do you know if they make any plugins to protect against hackers?
I’m kinda paranoid about losing everything I’ve worked hard on. Any
recommendations?
I like the helpful info you provide in your articles. I will bookmark your blog and check again here regularly. I am quite certain I will learn lots of new stuff right here! Best of luck for the next!|
I wanted to thank you for this very good read!! I definitely loved every bit of it. I have you book-marked to look at new things you post…|
I have to point out my passion for your kindness for men and women that absolutely need help on in this matter. Your personal commitment to getting the solution all over appears to be amazingly good and has continually encouraged many people much like me to achieve their endeavors. This insightful guide denotes this much a person like me and especially to my mates. Best wishes; from each one of us.!
I have been browsing on-line more than 3 hours as of late, yet I never discovered any fascinating article like yours. It is pretty price enough for me. In my view, if all web owners and bloggers made excellent content as you did, the net will be a lot more helpful than ever before.|
Hi are using WordPress for your site platform? I’m new to the blog world but I’m trying to get started and create my own. Do you require any html coding knowledge to make your own blog? Any help would be really appreciated!|
In this grand design of things you’ll secure a B- for effort and hard work. Where you actually misplaced me was in the specifics. As as the maxim goes, the devil is in the details… And it could not be much more correct right here. Having said that, permit me inform you exactly what did give good results. The text can be rather powerful and this is probably why I am making the effort to comment. I do not really make it a regular habit of doing that. Secondly, although I can see the leaps in reasoning you make, I am not really sure of just how you appear to unite your ideas which help to make your final result. For right now I will subscribe to your issue however trust in the near future you link the facts much better. wasted just trying to figure out how to begin. Any ideas or hints? Cheers!|
I visited multiple blogs but the audio feature for audio songs present at this web site is actually excellent.| was recommended this website by my cousin. I’m not sure whether this post is written by him as nobody else know such detailed about my difficulty. You are wonderful! Thanks!|
I’m not sure why but this web site is loading extremely slow for me. Is anyone else having this issue or is it a problem on my end? I’ll check back later on and see if the problem still exists.|
Hello, I enjoy reading all of your article. I wanted to write a little comment to support you.|
To juncture most games these life, you need a brobdingnagian amount of in scheme money, that is why GTA 5 money program is what you require.
Truly when someone doesn’t understand then its up to other people that they will help, so here it occurs.|
Hello everyone, it’s my first pay a visit at this site, and piece of writing is truly fruitful in support of me, keep up posting such posts.|
Heya! I just wanted to ask if you ever have any trouble with hackers? My last blog (wordpress) was hacked and I ended up losing many months of hard work due to no data backup. Do you have any methods to protect against hackers?|
mexico viagra
Howdy! This blog post couldn’t be written much better!
Looking at this post reminds me of my previous roommate!
He continually kept preaching about this.
I am going to forward this post to him. Pretty sure he will have a very good read.
I appreciate you for sharing!!|
Thanks for discussing your ideas. I’d personally also like to say that video games have been actually evolving. Better technology and improvements have served create practical and active games. All these entertainment video games were not that sensible when the concept was first being tried out. Just like other designs of technology, video games also have had to develop by means of many many years. This is testimony towards fast growth of video games.
Hi, Neat post. There is an issue along with your site in web explorer, may check this? IE nonetheless is the market chief and a big section of other people will miss your great writing due to this problem.|
It’s fantastic that you are getting thoughts from this article as well as from our argument made here.|
Attractive section of content. I just stumbled upon your site and in accession capital to assert that I get in fact enjoyed account your blog posts. Any way I will be subscribing to your feeds and even I achievement you access consistently quickly.|
Thanks for sharing your thoughts on meta_keyword. Regards|
Keep on writing, great job!|
Hi I am so happy.|
Everyone loves it when people come together and share ideas.
Great blog, continue the good work!
Hi there! I could have sworn I’ve been to this site before but after checking through some of the post I realized it’s new to me. Anyways, I’m definitely delighted I found it and I’ll be bookmarking and checking back frequently!|
If some one wishes to be updated with hottest technologies then he must be pay a quick visit this website and be up to date every day.|
Very good post! We are linking to this particularly great content on our website. Keep up the great writing.|
I’m really impressed with your writing skills and also with the layout on your blog. Is this a paid theme or did you modify it yourself? Either way keep up the nice quality writing, it’s rare to see a nice blog like this one nowadays.|
Next time I read a blog, Hopefully it does not fail me as much as this one. After all, I know it was my choice to read, however I genuinely believed you would probably have something helpful to talk about. All I hear is a bunch of whining about something you could fix if you weren’t too busy searching for attention.
That is a very good tip especially to those fresh to the blogosphere. Simple but very accurate information… Many thanks for sharing this one. A must read.|
Excellent much more from you. This is actually a terrific web site.|
hey there and thanks for your information – I have definitely picked up anything new from right here. I did then again experience a few technical points using this web site, since I experienced to reload the web site a lot of instances prior to I may just get it to load correctly. I have been wondering in case your web hosting is OK? Now not that I’m complaining, but sluggish loading instances occasions will often affect your placement in google and can damage your high-quality ranking if advertising and ***********|advertising|advertising|advertising and *********** with Adwords. Anyway I’m adding this RSS to my email and can glance out for a lot extra of your respective exciting content. Ensure that you update this again soon..
Thank you for another fantastic post. The place else may just anyone get that type of infoin such a perfect method of writing? I’ve a presentation subsequent week, and I’m atthe search for such info.
Great post. I used to be checking continuously this weblog and I am inspired! Extremely helpful info specifically the last phase 🙂 I maintain? Exceptional work!|
If some one wishes expert view about running a blog then i recommend him/her to visit this webpage, Keep up the nice job.||
You are so interesting! I don’t think I’ve read anything like this before. So good to discover another person with original thoughts on this subject matter. Really.. thanks for starting this up. This web site is one thing that’s needed on the web,.
Hi there friends, its wonderful piece of writing about educationand completely explained, keep it up all the time.|
Hola! I’ve been reading your weblog for some time now and finally got the courage to go ahead and give you a shout out from Lubbock Texas! Just wanted to mention keep up the excellent.|
Woah! I’m really enjoying the template/theme of this website.It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s very difficult to get that “perfect balance” between superb usabilityand visual appearance. I must say you’ve done a awesome job with this.Additionally, the blog loads extremely fast for me on Chrome.Exceptional Blog!
Howdy fantastic website! nevertheless I just wanted to ask. Thank you!|
Good day! Would you mind if I share your blog with my zynga group? There’s a lot of people that I think would really appreciate your content. Please let me know. Cheers|
Heya i am for the primary time here. I came across this board and I in finding It really helpful & it helped me out a lot. I hope to give something back and aid others like you aided me.|
Wow, this paragraph is pleasant, my younger
sister is analyzing these things, therefore I am going to let know i don’t understood is if truth be told how you’re now not really a lot more well-appreciated than you may be right now. You are very intelligent. You recognize thus significantly with regards to this topic, produced me personally consider it from so many various angles. Its like men and women aren’t fascinated until it is something to do with Lady gaga! Your own stuffs great. All the time maintain it!|
I am genuinely grateful to the holder of this site who has shared this wonderful post at at thisplace.
But now the difficulty is solved, now using GTA 5 Source Cheats Online you can generate or manage the Money as more as you want for your Impressive Felony Automobile 5 reason and we’re not going to fill you any individual cent.
This is really interesting, You are a very professional blogger. I have joined your feed and sit up for in search of more of your fantastic post. Additionally, I have shared your web site in my social networks|
My partner related to here. Again, awesome web site!|
each time i used to read smaller articles or reviews which also clear their motive, and that is also happening with this piece of writing which I am reading at this time.|It’s hard not to love Florida. I used to live near Sanford and loved the great restaurants, warm weather, and laid back people. The humidity […]
image from Christmas is coming. Under review, my post excluded from the suggested new structure, I don’t know what lies ahead. The process has […]Beggars as Bully Perpetrators and General Public as Victims
A Phenomenological Study
Abstract
This qualitative study aimed to explore peoples’ experiences of being bullied and victimized while dealing with beggars phenomenologically. 14 Adults (7 males, 7 females) were included in the study. The age of participants was 25 years and above. The main objectives of the study were to explore how beggars emotionally victimize the general public, how do people get threatened at the hands of beggars as they exploit the publics’ emotions with the help of blackmailing tactics Therefore the Research Questions in this regard were: firstly, how people are entangled in situations and feel threatened while interacting with beggars? Secondly, what tactics are used by beggars to emotionally victimize the general public? Thirdly, how public is emotionally blackmailed by the tricks and tactics used by beggars? Phenomenological research design was used which provided a rich and detailed account of public experiences. The focus was on how people actually perceived the events rather than how the phenomena existed. Open ended questions were put forth which provided the lived experiences of the participants. Responses of the participants were transcribed and themes were generated. The major themes which emerged were named as Anger, Exploitation, Distress, Manipulation, Fraud, Fear, Assault, Fooling public, Emotionally charging, Threatening, Stealing, Target weakness, Harassed, Monitory gain by beggars. Hence the results revealed that people do felt threatened while interacting with beggars who blackmailed them with different tricks and at times also involved in stealing, intimidation unwanted touching, name calling, cursing and even snatching the money from wallets, etc The implication of this study can be at societal or governmental level where authorities and policy makers can adopt some preventive or remedial measures for beggars and their interaction with public.
Key words: Perpetrators, Bully, Victim, General Public, Beggar, Phenomenological.Sage Hill Training
The mission of Sage Hill is to help people see who they are made do be so they can do what they are made to do. Sage Hill Training (SHT) is a personal/professional development experience to equip Christian professionals, ministry leaders, and lay leaders to grow their abilities to lead, serve, and care for others with passion, intimacy and integrity.
The goal of SHT is to guide people toward becoming portable sanctuaries in their lives so that, wherever they are and with whomever they interact, they can be people of strength, courage, substance, compassion, and wisdom.
Personally and Professionally Transformational
Based on the Spiritual Root System, SHT is designed to deeply impact participants’ lives both personally and professionally in order to help you better navigate the complex issues of the heart, such as addiction, trauma, and loss. by incorporating
• informative and inspirational teaching
• expertly-facilitated small-groups to help you explore your own life and story in a supportive environment
• meaningful, growth-oriented personal-reflection assignments, readings, assessments to help you better understand and integrate your training experience.
How Training Works
SHT’s design follows a primary tenant:
“We are created as emotional and spiritual creatures—created to live fully in relationship—me with me, me with you, and me with God.”
There are three learning modules in SHT, each module is three-weekends long. While participants are encouraged to participate in all three modules, both Modules II and III, build on themes and ideas introduced in Module I. After successfully completing Module I, participants can apply for Module II and/or Module III.
Module I: Relationship with Self
(maximum 28 participants)
All Participants begin in Module I. This is the foundational module and has the largest number of participants. Module I address four core questions of a personal story:
- How am I created?
- What events shaped my life?
- What has been my response to those events?
- How have those events uniquely marked and prepared me to live fully, love deeply, and lead well.
Module II: Relationship with Others
(maximum 8 participants)
In Module II, participants learn better tools and practice the skills necessary for being more effective in relationship both personally and professionally. Module II address four key areas:
- Heart
- Story
- Here and Now (presence)
- Mystery and Experience
Module III: Relationship with God
(maximum 8 participants)
Most people of faith, have a concept of God that heavily relies on doctrine, theology, tradition, and culture. In SHT Module III, participants explore a relationship with God informed by experience, practice, creation, and presence.
YOUR INVESTMENT
$3060
Experience over 80 combined hours of interactive learning and growth.
10 Monthly Payments!
$306/monthly
OR
Save $225 by paying in full!
Want to bring a group? Inquire about a discounted rate.
What You’ll Walk Away With
- An awareness of how neurological, biological, and relational design shape our stories
- Deeper healing in your own story in order to more healthily and effectively serve others
- A greater capacity to help people through the context of integrity and authenticity
- A complete resource library and workbook to reference for years to come
Our Five-Step Application Process
What Is a Typical Weekend’s Schedule?
THURSDAY
12:30 pmTeaching
2:15 pmSmall Group
5:00 pmTeaching
6:30 pmDay Concludes
FRIDAY
8:30 amTeaching
10:15 amSmall Group
12:30 pmLunch Break
2:00 pmTeaching
3:30 pmSmall Group
6:30 pmDay Concludes
SATURDAY
8:30 amTeaching
10:00 amSmall Group
11:30 amQ&A and Discussion
12:30 pmWeekend Concludes
Dates for 2021
2012 dates have not yet been set.
YOUR INVESTMENT
$3060
Experience over 80 combined hours of interactive learning and growth.
10 Monthly Payments!
$306/monthly
OR
Save $225 by paying in full!
Want to bring a group? Inquire about a discounted rate.There is hardly anything as despicable as well as horrible as seeing roaches at your residence. Occasionally, it comes to be bothersome if all your methods as well as tasks fail to keep roaches out of your residence completely. Figure out particular reasons that they enter your home, and also just how to prevent this common parasite from entering your home. Below is exactly how.
What Location a Cockroach Prefer? Cockroaches favor moist, cozy and also sheltered locations near to food and water. They, in addition to these, can likewise survive in extreme cold and heat places like baker’s stoves and also freeze. Mainly restroom and also kitchen area are both areas where these bugs infest largely. At such area, they discover warm and trendy moist problems as well as nooks and also crannies to conceal. Roaches can live for a month without food. They can live brainless for approximately a week. Likewise they can hold its breath for 45 mins and can decrease their heart rate. In addition to these, a препарат срещу хлебарки cockroach has a much higher radiation resistance than animals. They are highly survival as well as have capability to quickly adapt to transforming environment.
Tips To Stop Roaches You can plan a customized and effective service to eliminate it. Do the complying with things: Hygiene is among the major worries to be dealt with to remove cockroach trouble. This means, do a complete clean-up of your house in order to eliminate any type of resources of water, food as well as extreme clutter that make an ideal place for cockroaches. You need to be careful concerning specific points such as paper bags, cardboard and garbage that can give roaches with a safeguarded place to live.
Roaches Chemical Spray Cockroaches chemical sprays, lure traps and gel bait are some efficient things for regulating cockroaches if you use them appropriately. Nonetheless, you require to carry out regular maintenance to your house to secure up splits and openings in wall surfaces. If you locate any type of entire or split, spray cockroach control chemical into it. This will certainly assist you keep cockroaches controlled. In order to avoid cockroaches, keep food in sealed containers. It is an excellent way to satisfy your needs. As mentioned over that cozy places as well as water are best place for roaches, it is important to take care that there are no water leakages.Nike Popoola The
ICSAN, CAC to close gaps in CAMA 2020 provisions
Lifetime Fitness Colorado Springs Swim Against Pediatric Cancer
07.24.21
Lifetime Fitness Colorado Springs: In our lifetime, 1 in 2 men and 1 in 3 women will be diagnosed with cancer. We joined the SAA community so that, together, we can change that. All funds raised will benefit cancer research & clinical trials at Children's Hopsital Colorado.
This event is open to members and non-members. Registration is $25 for members and $35 for non-members.
WHERE: Lifetime Fitness Colorado Springs
4410 Royal Pine Drive
Colorado Springs, 80920
WHEN: July 24, 2021
7:00 AM - 8:30 AM
Check in begins at 6:45 Craig
I would like to register as:Uk Visa Services
Why You Need an Experienced Immigration Solicitor?.
Immigration law is turbulent and subject to change – we are always up to date and ensure we represent you within today’s legal framework.
What We Are Expert AteSources is the largest trade directory of wholesale suppliers, distributors, manufacturers, importers and wholesalers in the UK. If you are looking for reliable duty shelf suppliers, eSources is the ideal resource for your sourcing needs.
If you are a supplier of duty shelf, and would like to receive enquiries from trade buyers worldwide by featuring your company in the wholesale products directory, click here to register your details
Duty Shelf
Welcome Visitor, start here to find trade distributors, exporters, wholesale suppliers, manufacturers and wholesalers of duty shelves supplying to the UK
Featured exporters of duty shelves, manufacturers, wholesalers and distributors
Products: Kitchen accessories like heavy duty kitchen tools, all types of cutlery holders and PAN holders, signages, speed rails, docket holders, potato mashers, custom fabricated items like floor drains …
Duty Shelf Manufacturer Profile | Website | Contact Supplier | Tel: 20 22952106
Subcategories for Industrial
Browse the entire International Index for more wholesale suppliers:MEMBERSHIP
Explore the options of becoming a School or Partner member in our dynamic region.
School
Testimonials
KEVIN GLASS
Head of School
Atalanta International School, USA
Atlanta International School was honored to become the first US based member of AMISA in 2020. Since that time, our administrators, teachers and operational staff have taken full advantage of the many relevant and pertinent (and often free for AMISA members) professional development opportunities. As a head of School--the collective professional wisdom of our AMISA heads and the resources we can tap into for and share with each other have been invaluable as our schools navigate the pandemic and wake up to our collective responsibility to build more equitable, inclusive and just communities.
MADELEINE MACEDA HEIDE
Superintendent
Asociación Escuelas Lincoln, Argentina
AMISA cares about me. As a very busy head of school, I know that the leaders of AMISA care about my well being, and stand ready to provide me with support to lead my school community. Even more remarkable, AMISA cultivates a culture of learning across our entire region, nudging all other leaders to support and challenge one another in leading our schools. Knowing that my voice counts is a remarkable and precious benefit of membership in this fantastic organization.
LYNN NOTARAINNI
Curriculum Associates
Always a pleasure working with the AMISA team as they provide opportunities to meet with educators at their professional conferences. In 2020, AMISA stepped up to the plate and helped connect us all through webinars and virtual workshops.Since growing from modest start-up into a giant that pledges two or more billion swipes and fifteen million games each day,
Tinder has fix the standard in internet dating apps. However if you’re seeking an even more particular niche practice, multiple business with ground breaking methods has recently sprang as much as enable you to snag a night out together, with ever-more complex and qualified strategies. Per month in front of Valentine’s night, we’ve curved right up seven brilliant matchmaking applications to help you to locate the an individual.
HappnOf every one of the going out with software, Happn might just function as the a large number of provocative.
After you get the service, a GPS monitors your every transfer following teaches you additional consumers you’ve entered paths with during the day, and in which you have fingered elbows. Elevating into an algorithm an average pavement party all of us accomplish as soon as we view a cutie, Happn allows for a discussion as long as both group complement. Or, if you’d love to make focus at anyone who has certainly not respected you, you can actually deliver all of them a “charm” (10 for $1.99, if you are one; complimentary for women). They’ve made sure maintain factors from the secure half, as well, so if you choose to not fancy a person your feed, your face can never render contact.
The GradePlaying the relationship video game is often sufficient to make you feel like youngsters, however grad, which came to be intended for cost-free in November, truly can be applied high-school logic hoping of enhancing your choices for possible suitors. Like a thing away from **Gary Shteyngart’**s science fiction satire ultra upsetting True Love history, people register and, while they take advantage of software, are generally tested by a few conditions, such as profile standard, answer speed, and communication excellent. Subsequently, the application automatically assigns and frequently changes a grade ranging from “A+” to “D” that various other users know. Score an “F,” and you’re expelled from your app entirely.
HingeHinge try a pleasant selection for those frightened through cool anonymity of online dating sites. Once you sign-up through zynga, the app takes away the total-stranger issue by demonstrating sole individuals who are pals of close friends. It’s a very popular app, along with its wide range of effective records increasing by five times in the past yr and sufficient desirable folks that, the other day, they collected an index of their unique users with a bold identification: the 30 most eligible men and women to all of of brand new York City.
RevealrOne feedback of online dating would be that it is difficult to get an expression for anyone considering some keywords on a screen. Could someone’s sound disclose way more? On Revealr, every user registers a 20-second acoustics cut to go with a pixelated profile pic. If two individuals like the thing they listen, their photographs are generally unpixelated, plus they understand his or her fit.
MeshMesh expectations to utilize exactly what you don’t like as a method that can help you learn what you will do. 1st, there exists a mismatch work, which enables you to specify the type of information we don’t really enjoy acquiring, so you can give a rate from “Hate” to “Love It” of such things as vulgarity and text-speak abbreviations like “LOL” and “u,” and instantly filtering these messages into a different folder. Next, another option insists upon address a series of inquiries to determine exactly what solutions from other individuals should bar these people from ever before getting into get in touch with.
TastebudsIt’s an age-old adage that varying flavor in musical is generally a dealbreaker, but could the opposite create durable adore? Tastebuds thinks thus. When you enlist, the application inspects your library of music, assembles a directory of your “favorite” musicians, and then matches your up with customers which have the same interests. Today, the a hundred guilty-pleasure pays attention on the unique Katy Perry record album might have romantic effects.
BumbleBumble will be the creation of Whitney Wolfe, a former Tinder administrator and cofounder exactly who decided an erotic harassment claim along with her past boss in December. A few months after a Pew analysis state unearthed that one fourth of women have gone through intimate harassment on the web, Bumble go tolerate an aim to slice on the slide component. After a match is manufactured, the woman consumer must make the primary step in one day as well as the connection disappears.Gift Card
Gift Card
Regular price €100,00
€0,00
Unit price
per
Make someone very happy with one of these!
These beautiful gift cards have our iconic logo printed in gold, on a lovely luxury off-white paper card.
You can chose the amount from the list above or contact us by phone or e-mail to make it more personal. We can send it to you or to the desired address.
The Card is valid for a year.
Do not hesitate to contact us if you need more help: +32 2 512 41 52 or hashoe@hatshoe.be We are happy to be of assistance!USED AND SURPLUS MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT DIRECTORY Index of Available Machine Tools Metalworking Fabricating STEEL MILL EQUIPMENT See Rolling Mills & Related Industrial = spec sheet available = PDF available = request quote from seller = video available = Visit dealer s equipment listing Search Directory for Machinery & EquipmentGet Price
Welcome Midwest Mixer Service to sell and service the Kuhn Knight line of feed mixers and spreaders Midwest Mixer Service LLC purchased the Harsh of Kansas stores located in Scott City and Dodge City Kansasread moreGet Price
is the authorized web site for Dotterer Equipment Inc and Mill Hall PA 6547 Sale Price if shown includes all manufacture and dealerGet Price
used feed mill on 138329 used machines online The first marketplace for used machinery Visit us nowdealer send inquiry used STENZ FEEDER ENVELOPE FEEDER Seller MJS LINE request quote M No 40697651 Equipment / Additional information Volt 220 240VAC // Amps // Hz 50/60 // Ph 1 // Kw WITH DELIVERY BELT Return belts For cm x cm envelopesGet Price
animal feed milling equipment animal feed milling machinery feed mill equipment animal feed mill equipment for sale Bulk solids handling & processingGet Price
used manufacturing equipment for sale comet 9 x 42 milling machine / x axis power feed and vice call for price and details 714 666 1266 leblond regal servo shift lathe / 15 x 30 comes with tool post holder tailGet Price
used Corner staplers from certified dealers from the leading platform for used machinesGet Price
Clean Modern Feed Mill Equipment 2 Brock Grain Bins Like New Hutchinson 53 Transport Auger 3 Steiner roller/Mixers Elevators 2 Big Chief Corn Cutters/CleanersGet Price
In Rwanda farmatic hammer mill feed mill Bathurst Farming Equipment For Sell Used Hammer Mills Bid on Equipment is the parts dealer inGet Price
Maas Companies Inc in the sale of distilleries fuel ethanol plants and feed mills EquipmentGet
Used Feed Equipment 250 HP CPM Pellet Mill Die Model# 3022 6 with spare parts 253 RPM Die speed Includes NEW spare parts such as Die 250 HP Pellet Mill mfg SPROUT 21 Die Model# 21WN 250 Three 3 Rolls with Centri Feeder and a 200 HP Main MotorGet Price
Used Sawmill Equipment Dealers Forest Industry feed mill equipment for sale As a professional crushing and grinding equipmentsGet Price
Iron Search makes it easy to buy used farm equipment including used tractors Thousands of used agricultural equipment choices one easy searchGet Price
Used Mill Equipment LANCASTER Feed Grinders Other Equipment For Sale Bid on Equipment Buy and Sell Used Mills Agricultural Equipment for Sale By DealersGet Price
Feed&Grain Buyers Guide products and services in the Weighing & Bagging Equipment categoryGet Price
processing equipment farm mills equipment feed mixers Tractors Agricultural Equipment for Sale By Dealers & Owners Domain FileGet Price
Save more on used equipment Boring Mills 1 Brakes and Press Brakes 4 Chucks 5 Drills 13 EDM Machines 1 Fabricating Machines 2 Feeders andGet Price
Surplus and Used Paper Equipment Sales Browse our extensive online inventory of surplus paper machines and used paper equipment for the global Pulp and Paper Manufacturing Industry Equipment Search Capabilities If the equipment you need is not available in our online database let 
05/10/2021· Feed Mill Building & Equipment Complete Building Structure Facility Was In Full Operation Till April 15 2021 …Get Price
Extruders for Feed Production Extruders are the machinery used to produce extruded petfood floating Extrusion Equipment Design And SelectionGet Price
KMEC Feed Mill Equipment KMEC always endeavored to improve the quality of product and aims to meet the new requirements of international marketGet Price
If you re looking to buy used paper mill equipment machinery or paper mill machinery you ve come to the right place Northwest Pulp & Paper Equipment LLC has the largest supply of surplus & used paper mill equipment and machinery on the west coastGet PriceGet Price
Used Process Equipment Dealers fuel ethanol plants and feed mills Equipment Company Dealers in used and reconditioned equipment forGet Price
Buying & Selling Used Equipment Used California Century Series Pellet Mill Used Carbon Steel California Century Series Pellet Mill Model 75C UsedGet Price
Find 51 listings related to Feed Dealers in Mount Joy on Feed Dealers Horse Equipment & Services Cargill Animal Feed Mill 1088 E Main St Mount JoyGet Price
Wood Pellets Animal Feed Biomass Pellets Pellet Mills Hammer Mills and Accessory Machines & Equipment Animal Feed Biomass Pellets Pellet MillsGet Price
The Econo Feed Roller Mill is an economically priced mill for users who demand quality rolled feed for their livestockGet Price
Anola Feed & Farm Supply Dealers for Masterfeeds Front Runner line of feeds We carry a wide assortment of products including tack wood shavings Healthi strawGet Price
Hugo Equipment Company is one of the largest Toro Dealers in Minnesota We also have Husqvarna Echo and Redmax ED 3848 TF BLISS Details Mohawk Baasch and Sons Details RB440 RUFGet Price
Extruders & Extrusion Equipment Immediately available used machines of European used machinery dealers and Compartment Type Ball Mill UsedGet Price1. Legal Notice
This website is the exclusive property of IVO Cutelarias, S.A., headquartered at Estrada Nacional 360, nº20, 2500-770 Santa Catarina CLD with NIPC 500710058, with a share capital of €499.000,00.
These Terms and Conditions regulate the conditions of access and use of the IVO Cutelarias website accessible through the URL.
The use of this website assigns everyone who accesses the status of user of the website (“User”) and expresses full, complete and unconditional acceptance of this Legal Notice, in the version in force at each time.
Accessing and using this website and the services and information provided through it is, in general, free of charge for Users and does not require prior subscription or registration.
The purchase of IVO Cutelarias products can only be done through User registration and / or payment of the products specifically considered.
As a User, you declare, under your sole responsibility, to be of legal age and / or to have sufficient knowledge, in accordance with the applicable legislation, to adequately comply with the provisions of this Legal Notice.
The information contained in this website is not exhaustive, in relation to the subjects to which it refers and may not be correct and or updated at any time.
IVO Cutelarias, under the maximum terms allowed by law, does not assume any responsibility for inaccuracies or omissions in the information contained in this website, nor for any decisions that are made based on this information by the users, nor assumes any responsibility for any consequences or other direct, indirect or specific losses or damages arising from access to or use of the website, or any information contained therein.
IVO Cutelarias may use links to improve the browsing experience, but is not responsible for the privacy and / or security policies and / or content of the original sites, so it recommends the User to check them.
IVO Cutelarias is not responsible for the content of any Internet sites managed by third parties that have given access to its website, or that can be accessed through the website of IVO Cutelarias.
By providing a link on this website to a website managed by third parties, IVO Cutelarias does so in good faith that this website contains or may contain additional information relevant to that presented on its website.
The existence of this link does not imply, nor does it imply, the review and approval of the website managed by third parties by IVO Cutelarias, which may present information contradictory to that presented on our website.
This website was created by IVO Cutelarias and may be subject to change at any time, namely to complete the information available on it.
Any doubts that the User may have should be addressed to the following e-mail address: marketing@ivocutelarias.com
2. Use of the Site
The User undertakes to use this website, the information or products provided through it, in accordance with the law, as well as with morals, generally accepted good customs and public order.
The User will abstain and undertake not to use the site for illicit purposes or effects, contrary to what is established in this Legal Notice, damaging the rights and interests of IVO Cutelarias, of third parties, or that in any way may cause damage, make the site unusable, overburden or deteriorate or prevent Users from using or benefiting from it normally.
3. User Records and Possible Assignment of Access Keys
In the User registration, he will select, by his own choice and with total freedom, his username (“login”), according to the instructions, and he must choose a password (“password”).
The password can be modified by the User at any time, following the instructions of the service itself.
The User undertakes to make diligent use of the Access Keys (username and password), as well as not to make his Access Keys available to third parties.
IVO Cutelarias is not responsible for the improper use of the Access Keys, the User committing to inform IVO Cutelarias, as soon as possible, the loss or theft of these, as well as any risk of access by third parties through their use.
4. Intellectual and Industrial Property Rights of the Site
The intellectual and industrial property rights of this website and the different elements contained therein are the property of IVO Cutelarias. They are protected by Portuguese law, under the Copyright and Related Rights Code, the Industrial Property Code and other applicable laws, as well as by international treaties, copyrights or trademarks.
IVO Cutelarias does not grant any license or authorization to use any kind of industrial and intellectual property rights over any property or content related to this website, or any of the products provided to Users on it.
An unauthorized use or exploitation or in violation of the provisions of this Legal Notice, of the contents, services or any other rights that come from the Portal, will give rise to the exercise of actions that IVO Cutelarias considers convenient in defense of its interests.
5. Applicable Law
Access and use of this website is regulated by Portuguese law.
The conditions of operation and use of this website are governed exclusively by the laws of Portugal, and the court with jurisdiction to resolve any disputes is the court at the headquarters of IVO Cutelarias, with waiver of any other.
In the event that any or some of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions are found to be partially or totally invalid, unlawful or ineffective by a competent authority, said provision(s) shall(s) be considered void(s), the remaining provisions being valid and these must be complied with, in legal terms.Leader of Zambia’s main opposition party says he plans to overhaul the country’s economy by reviewing various mining deals that will create more jobs for the locals.
LUSAKA, ZAMBIA (JANUARY 18, 2014) (REUTERS) – Leader of Zambia’s main opposition party told his supporters on Sunday (January 18) that he would create more jobs and “support weak members of society” by overhauling the country’s economy.
Hakainde Hichilema, leader of the United Party for National Development (UPND), has so far contested and lost three Presidential election but is seen as a top contender in the January 20 polls to the ruling Patriotic Front’s candidate Edgar Lungu, who’s the Defence and Justice minister.
A successful businessman, Hichilema is seen as pro-business and the one likely to reverse Zambia’s recent image of an investor-hostile country, following a few takeovers of State entities such as Zambia Rails and ZAMTEL during the tenure of former president Michael Sata, who died in office in October aged 77.
“The 20 percent mineral royalty tax that has been imposed, it’s called mineral royalty, on certain mines, it constitutes what I define as a turnover tax, it doesn’t recognise the cost of production, and once you do a thing like that, you are going to kill mines. One mine, Lumwana, is already threatening to be closed, and if that happens, thousands of Zambians will to lose jobs and that’s unacceptable, because we already have high levels of unemployment. It’s like somebody who owns a dairy cow until blood comes out, and expects the milk the following day, it’s not possible,” said Hichilema from a rally in Lusaka.
“Our job as UPND and the reason why I am seeking public office, and I appeal, I’m making an appeal to all African leaders, our role as politicians of today, we should not seek professional politics. I’m not a professional politician, I don’t want to be a professional politician, I’m a missionary in politics. We want to create an attractive business and investment environment which will increase investment, support businesses to increase investments, grow our businesses, create the jobs, also ensure that we can generate fair tax revenue that we can use to support weak members of society,” he continued to say.
Hichilema was speaking at Lusaka’s Woodlands Stadium, where he addressed his supporters and urged them to vote in an election that had been created after Sata died in October in a London hospital.
Some supporters of said Hichilema could turn Zambia’s fortunes around, praising him for his business management skills and approach to politics.
“I am in support of President Hakainde Hichilema because I think at the moment he is the best candidate we have, so far, because of his policies and the team that surrounds him, unlike other candidates that are in the race,” said Mulasikwanda Masi, a Lusaka resident.
“He will improve health care. The other day I went to a local clinic and the services are very bad, a patient spends long hours in queue. HH (Hakainde Hichilema) will change all that,” echoed Christopher Mujika, a UNPD supporter.
According to the World Bank, Zambia’s poverty stands 70 percent, with many living below the poverty datum line of under $2 US dollars per day.
Zambia, which has enjoyed stability in its 50 years of self-rule endowed with numerous mineral and water resources and seen as one of the potential food basket for Southern Africa, is still grappling with high unemployment levels, corruption and a fragile democracy.
Hichilema condemns bad leadership and abuse of office by current and precious regimes for Zambia’s economic woes.
Recently, former President Rupiah Banda who was dislodged from office by the Patriotic Front and later blocked from contesting the election has thrown his weight behind the ruling party’s candidate Edgar Lungu, in a fashion many see is based on ethnic interests as both hail from one region.
But Neo Simutanyi, a Lusaka based political analyst, says the ruling party could lose the January 20 poll because of an increase in costs of living and its unfulfilled promises.
Simutanyi however says the ruling party would not go without a violent fight for power.
“The PF (Patriotic Front) are determined to win the election, want to win the election and will do everything to win the election, that makes it extremely important. It is important also in that it is the second time in the history of Zambia that we are using the constitution, abiding by the constitution to replace a head of state who has died, so it’s a test on whether we will be able to do so peacefully as was the case in 2008,” explained Simutanyi.
Eleven candidates are contesting in the poll, a situation Simutanyi sees as a sign of Zambia’s growing democracy, although he admits that the election would not be a free and fair one, given the level of abuse of state resources by the ruling party.Since the World Series of Poker is just around the corner, I”ll share with you a hand I played last year in a $1,500-buy-in WSOP event.
Up to this point, my nine-handed table had been fairly tight and passive. Blinds were 75-150, and I had an effective stack of 9,000. Everyone folded to me in third position, and I raised to 375 with Qs Js.
The player in the cutoff called, as did the player on the button. The players in the blinds folded. When you raise and do not get reraised, it”s fairly safe to assume that you”re not up against premium preflop hands such as A-A and A-K. Instead, you”re likely up against marginal pairs, big cards and suited connectors.
The flop came Qc 5s 4c, giving me top pair with a backdoor flush draw. I bet 600. Both the cutoff and button called.
When you value-bet, always choose a bet size that can realistically get called by worse made hands. On this board, if I made a large postflop bet, perhaps 1,200 or more, my opponents would usually only call with top pairs and strong draws. Since my top pair was only in marginal shape against that range, a large bet wasn”t ideal. If I bet smaller, as I did, many made hands that I crush, such as 7-7 and 6-5, can call, allowing me to extract value.
The turn was the 10s, giving me a flush draw in addition to my top pair. I bet 1,000 into a pot of 3,150. To my surprise, the cutoff raised to 3,000. After the button folded, I decided to call 2,000 more.
My 1,000 flop bet was purely for value. When the cutoff raised, I assumed he had a premium hand — perhaps two pair or better, or maybe a premium draw such as Kc Jc. Even though I was almost certainly behind in the hand, calling with my flush draw made sense due to the pot odds plus the implied odds. I had to put in 2,000 more to win the 7,150 in the pot (plus the additional 2,000 I”d be investing), meaning I needed to win at least 22 percent of the time (2,000 divided by 9,150).
In the worst-case scenario, where my opponent has three of a kind, I”ll only win 18 percent of the time, making this call slightly unprofitable. However, if my opponent doesn”t have a set, my call is immediately profitable.
The river was the beautiful As, completing my flush. I decided to go all in because I feared that my opponent would check behind with two pair or three of a kind on this obviously scary river, yet I still thought he”d call an all-in bet because the flopped flush draw had missed.
I was pleased when my opponent instantly called with a set of 4d 4h, awarding me a nice pot.
So, where did my opponent go wrong? I think he should have raised my bet on the flop. When you flop three of a kind on an incredibly draw-heavy board, you should be happy to build a pot. Instead, my opponent elected to make a small raise on the turn, making it mandatory for me to continue with my draws. His error cost him his tournament life.
Jonathan Little is a professional poker player and coach with more than $6 million in live tournament earnings.Mars Meets Lunar Eclipse, and More Can't-Miss Sky Events in July
The red planet at its best, a long-lasting "blood moon," and a rare chance to glimpse Pluto will excite sky-watchers this month.
With Mars at its closest to Earth in 15 years, an extra-long lunar eclipse, and a dazzling meteor shower, July is shaping up to be a busy time for sky-watchers.
So, dust off those binoculars, and get set to explore the night sky this month.
Venus and Regulus—July 9
About a half hour after local sunset, look very low in the southwest sky for brilliant Venus. On this night, the bright star Regulus, in the constellation Leo, should be perched right next to the planet, creating a stunning conjunction. The cosmic pair will be only one degree apart, or separated by about the width of two full moons.
Pluto at Opposition—July 12
Pluto will put on its best show in Earth’s skies for 2018 on this night. This is when the super-faint world reaches opposition, meaning it will lie opposite to the sun in our sky. It will rise in the east at sunset and set in the west at sunrise, allowing Pluto to be visible all night long. The small world is currently nestled within the southern constellation Sagittarius, which will appear late at night along the southern horizon for those in mid-northern latitudes.
Glimpsing Pluto is among the toughest observing challenges: It sits more than 4.6 billion miles away, and even at opposition it shines at a meager 14.1 magnitude—far fainter than what humans can see with the naked eye. Backyard sky-watchers will need a telescope with at least an eight-inch diameter mirror to glimpse this tiny world at the fringes of the solar system.
Moon Joins Jupiter—July 20
In a fitting tribute to the Apollo 11 moon landing, which happened 49 years ago on this day, look halfway up the southwestern sky about an hour after local sunset to watch the moon glide past Jupiter in the constellation Libra, the balance.
Moon Meets Saturn—July 24
A few nights later, Saturn will get its turn for a close encounter with the moon. The pairing will make a great photo opportunity as the two worlds hang together low in the southeast within Sagittarius, right above the "teapot" pattern of stars that's part of the constellation. Saturn was at opposition only a few weeks ago, so the ringed planet and its larger moons will still make great targets for sky-watchers with backyard telescopes.
Mars at Its Best—July 27
The red planet will be at opposition and will make an exceptionally close pass by Earth on this night, coming within 35.8 million miles of our planet. That means Mars will appear at its biggest and brightest since 2003.
Total Lunar Eclipse—July 27..
Southern Delta Aquarids Peak—July 30
The Southern Delta Aquarid meteor shower is visible from July 12 to August 23. But you should watch for this annual sky show to really ramp up starting late on July 28 and lasting through July 30. On peak nights, you should be able to see more than a dozen shooting stars an hour if you’re away from city lights. Meteors will radiate from their namesake constellation Aquarius, the water bearer, along the low southern horizon.
Clear skies!
Andrew Fazekas, the Night Sky Guy, is the author of Star Trek: The Official Guide to Our Universe. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook.From the manufacturer
At LIDTKE.
Regular Price: $31.95
Special Price $29.95
Regular Price: $51.95
Special Price $49.95
Regular Price: $27.95
Special Price $25.95
Regular Price: $41.95
Special Price $39.95
Regular Price: $38.95
Special Price $35.95
Regular Price: $22.95
Special Price $19.95
Regular Price: $25.95
Special Price $23.95
Regular Price: $25.95
Special Price $23.95
Regular Price: $37.95
Special Price $35.95
Regular Price: $19.95
Special Price $17.95
Regular Price: $34.95
Special Price $32.95
Regular Price: $57.95
Special Price $55.95
Regular Price: $21.95
Special Price $19.95
Regular Price: $32.95
Special Price $29.95
Regular Price: $55.95
Special Price $52.95
Regular Price: $27.95
Special Price $25.95
Regular Price: $50.95
Special Price $47.95
Regular Price: $27.95
Special Price $25.95Brazilian midfielder Fred is all set to join Manchester United on Monday.
As per the reports, the Shakhtar Donetsk midfielder has already left the Brazil camp in order to complete his medical with the Red Devils.
The 25-year-old was linked with a move to Manchester City as well but the Red Devils have beaten their cross-town rivals to the transfer.
Fred is set to cost around £53million and he will become Mourinho’s first summer signing.
Report claims that Brazil head coach Tite wants the player to finalise his move swiftly and therefore he has been granted the permission to leave the international camp after the match against Croatia.
It will be interesting to see whether Manchester United announce the transfer tomorrow.
The Red Devils needed a top quality box-to-box midfielder and the fans will be delighted with the signing of Fred. His arrival will improve United defensively as well as offensively.
The 25-year-old is excellent at driving his side forward and he will allow the likes of Pogba to play with more freedom as well.
Fred is expected to partner Nemanja Matic at the heart of Manchester United’s midfield next season.Selling which
occurred in late trade mainly dragged Indian equity benchmarks lower on Wednesday.
After a cautious start, markets managed to trade mostly in green terrain for
the day as traders continued to buy beaten down but fundamentally strong
stocks. Sentiments remained upbeat after). Adding optimism,
Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said the government's social protection and
economic stimulus packages, along with timely structural reforms in various
sectors, have been pivotal in India's economic recovery process. Meanwhile, the
government is planning to come up with a semiconductor design-linked incentive
policy to promote domestic manufacturing as well as attract global electronic
chip companies to the country. However, traders booked profit in last leg of
trade which mainly dragged key gauges lower. Traders turned anxious after
Chairman of the 15th Finance Commission -- N K Singh has said the International
Monetary Fund's (IMF's) decision to revise India's potential growth forecast
downwards to 6 per cent citing the coronavirus pandemic is a gross under
estimation and observed that calculations of growth potential are always
problematic. He mentioned the issue of our medium term growth potential
projected by the IMF last week by recaliberating it from 6.25 per cent to 6 per
cent, in my view, is gross under estimation. Finally, the BSE Sensex declined
206.93 points or 0.34% to 61,143.33 and the CNX Nifty was down by 57.45 points
or 0.31% to 18,210.95.
The US markets ended mostly lower
on Wednesday as traders looked to cash in on recent strength in the markets.
Some weakness also prevailed in the markets as the momentum from a strong
earnings season started to fade.. On the sectoral front, banking stocks showed a
significant move to the downside on the day, with the KBW Bank Index slumping
by 2.6 percent. The index continued to give back ground after reaching a record
intraday high on Monday. Considerable weakness also emerged among steel stocks,
as reflected by the 3.2 percent nosedive by the NYSE Arca Steel Index. On the
economic data. Street street estimates.
Crude oil futures ended lower on
Wednesday after data showed a larger than expected increase in US crude
stockpiles in the week ended October 22nd. Data released by US Energy
Information Administration (EIA) showed crude oil inventories increased by
about 4.3 million barrels last week, more than twice the expected increase of
1.9 million barrels. The American Petroleum Institute said on Tuesday that
crude oil inventories rose 2.3 million barrels in the week ending October 22,
while street had expected a 1.9 million barrel gain. Besides, oil prices were
also weighed down by prospects of Iran freeing itself from US sanctions and
starting to sell oil to major importers again. Benchmark crude oil futures for
December delivery fell $1.99 or about 2.35% to settle at $82.66 a barrel on the
New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude for December delivery declined $1.70
or 2.01 percent to settle at $83.95 a barrel on London's Intercontinental
Exchange.
Indian rupee ended stronger
against dollar on Wednesday due to fresh selling of the American currency by
banks and exporters. Traders took support as National Council of Applied
Economic Research (NCAER) showed that as the second wave of Covid-19 eased off,
business sentiment in the country hit an over two-year high in the September
quarter (Q2) of the current financial year (FY22). Meanwhile, Chairman of the
15th Finance Commission -- N K Singh stated that the International Monetary
Fund's (IMF's) decision to revise India's potential growth forecast downwards
to 6 per cent citing the coronavirus pandemic is a gross under estimation and
observed that calculations of growth potential are always problematic. On the
global front, Sterling was little changed on Wednesday ahead of a half-yearly
update on the public finances and economic outlook from British finance
minister Rishi Sunak. Finally, the rupee ended 74.90, stronger by 6 paise from
its previous close of 74.96 on Tuesday.
The FIIs as per Wednesday's data
were net seller in both equity and debt segments. In equity segment, the gross
buying was of Rs 7281.40 crore against gross selling of Rs 9561.79 crore, while
in the debt segment, the gross purchase was of Rs 121.76 crore with gross sales
of Rs 370.06 crore. Besides, in the hybrid segment, the gross buying was of Rs 13.33
crore against gross selling of Rs 43.74 crore.
The US markets ended mostly lower
on Wednesday as traders looked to cash in on recent strength in the markets in
late-day trading. Asian markets are trading mostly in red on Thursday as
investors looked to whether central banks may consider tightening monetary
policies earlier than anticipated. Indian markets snapped a two-day winning
streak in a choppy session on Wednesday, dragged by weakness in financial and
oil & gas shares. However, strength in IT names provided some support.
Today, the start the session is likely to be cautious ahead of expiry of the
October F&O series coupled with the weakness in global markets. Traders may
be concerned with report that cooking gas LPG prices may be hiked next week
after under-recovery on the fuel widened to over Rs 100 per cylinder. There
will be some cautiousness. Besides, foreign institutional investors (FIIs)
net sold shares worth Rs 1913.36 crore, while domestic institutional investors
(DIIs) net bought shares worth Rs 472.48 crore in the Indian equity market on
October 27, as per provisional data available on the NSE. However, some support
may come as the CBDT said refunds of over Rs 1,02,952 crore have been issued to
the taxpayers during the current financial year. The Central Board of Direct
Taxes (CBDT) frames policy for the Income Tax Department. Meanwhile, The
Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has decided to bring in a
two-tiered structure for benchmarking of certain categories to standardize
benchmarks of mutual fund schemes. Banking sector stocks will be in focus with
a private report that Indian banking sector is set to witness a fresh round of
consolidation over the medium term - spread over FY22-24 period - primarily
driven by large private sector banks. There will be some reaction in energy
stocks as Icra in its report stated that solar energy tariff is likely to go up
by 20-25 paise per unit in upcoming bids for projects as compared with rates
seen over the past six months. This assumes significance in view of India's
ambitious target to achieve 450 GW of renewable energy by 2030. Moreover, four
stocks - Indiabulls Housing Finance, Canara Bank, NMDC and Sun TV Network - are
under the F&O ban for October 28. Meanwhile, Nykaa's initial public
offering (IPO) will open today and Nykaa has priced its IPO at Rs 1,085 to Rs
1,125 per share. The company has raised Rs 2,396 crore from 174 anchor
investors ahead of its IPO. There will be some earnings announcements too to
keep the markets buzzing.
Support and
Resistance: NSE (Nifty) and BSE (Sensex)
Index
Previous close
Support
Resistance
NSE
Nifty
18,221.40
18,167.61
18,308.61
BSE
Sensex
61,143.33
60,896.19
61,483.65
Nifty Top volumes
Stock
Volume
Previous close (Rs)
Support (Rs)
Resistance (Rs)
(in Lacs)
Axis
Bank
371.26
787.10
768.24
823.39
State
Bank of India
285.61
519.00
512.21
526.31
Tata
Motors
281.39
498.15
494.89
503.99
ITC
244.68
238.55
236.06
241.16
ICICI
Bank
216.32
835.00
823.14
847.94Refrigerator / Freezer – 2 Door
- Frost free fan assisted / Static cooling
- Puff Insulated Stainless steel 304 body
- Hinged self closing insulated doors with locks
- Adjustable wire shelves 3 nos
- Temperature: 0 to +8˚C / Minus 18 Freezer
- Embraco compressors with R134a / R404a Refrigerant
- Dixel Digital controllers
- Optional Castor Wheels / Adjustable legsCorn Beef Crock Pot Recipes40 recipes to browse.
Crock Pot Corned Beef And Cabbagecorned beefcabbagecarrotspotatoesonion
- 6 comments
- 19
Wacky Corn In The Crock Poteasycrockpotsidevegetablecorncreamcheesecornycreamy
- 1 comments
- 11 bookmarks
by
Crock Pot Chipotle Beefeasycrockpotchipotlebeef
- 3
- 5 bookmarks
by
Crock Pot Roast Beefcomfortfoodroastbeef
- 3 bookmarks
Pulled Beef In A Crock Potflavorfultendereasy
- 15 bookmarks
Crock-pot Beef-corn Chowderbeefcornpotatomushroom
- 2 comments
- 12 bookmarks
Narrow your search
Tag Filters
Ingredient Filters
meats
- beef/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/38816602/TerminalE.0.jpg)
Much has changed since May, including our Airport Dining Guide. Check out Eater Houston's most recent dining guide for George Bush Intercontinental Airport here.
For people who've found themselves stuck in George Bush Intercontinental Airport, here are some places to find 1) breakfast tacos and coffee, 2) a stiff drink, 3) a quick burger or 5) all of the above. Because luckily, you're at the "big" airport, where food options abound. Just in time for the summer travel season, here are some airport eateries offering up pre-flight bites.
First on the list are six standouts located between Terminals A - E, these are followed by a longer list of spots within each terminal, broken down by type.
Six Standouts
1) Le Grand Comptoir: Choose from several by-the-glass wine options by night, and order a croissant and pot of French-press coffee in the AM at this French bistro and wine bar. It's a quick, sleek spot to grab a bite without sacrificing high-end menu options like baked Camembert and crab cakes. Hours: 6:00 a.m. - 9:30 p.m. Monday - Sunday. [Post-security; Terminal C, near gates 29-33]
[Fly2Houston/Official Site]]
3) La Tapenade: For everything from hummus to wraps and specialty cheeses, this is where to go to satisfy a Mediterranean craving. Or just grab some fresh-baked bread, brie and cured meat to make your own tasty sandwich. Hours: 6:30 a.m. - 9:30 p.m. Monday-Sunday. [Post-security; Terminal E, near gates E2-E9]
[Fly2Houston/Official Site]
4) Cat Cora's Kitchen: The Iron Chef created a tasty menu of options for those looking for lighter fare. Cora proves that two often reviled food groups: airport dining and healthy fare, can actually be pretty good. Find cocktails, steak tacos, lobster mac & cheese, tapas and gourmet sandwiches here. Hours: 6:30 a.m. - 9:30 p.m. Monday-Friday; 7:00 a.m. - 9:30 p.m. Saturday-Sunday. [Post-security; Terminal E, near gates E10 and 11]
[Cat Cora/Facebook]
5) The Fruteria y Botanero: San Antonio chef Johnny Hernandez will help to satisfy some serious Tex-Mex cravings before you take flight. For morning travelers: find fresh fruit & veggie juices, fruit cups and Mexican coffee. For those catching the "red eye" who are in need of some on-board sleep time: have a torta, tostada and/or a fresh fruit tequila cocktail. Hours: 6:00 a.m. - 9:00 p.m. Monday-Sunday.
[Post-security; Terminal B, near gates B1 - B31]
6) Urban Crave: As the description suggests, the "street-inspired" food here is not gourmet or fancy, but it satisfies a craving for fatty, filling bites prepared by an executive chef. They've got stuffed-patty burgers, fancy hot dogs, bacon-wrapped jalapeño poppers and lighter bites like ceviche and fish tacos. Hours: 6:00 a.m. - 9:30 p.m. Monday-Sunday. [Post-security; Terminal C, near gates 29-33 ]
[Fly2Houston/Official Site]
Terminal A
Quick bite/Snacks
· The Grove: Your spot for frozen yogurt, healthy snacks and ice cream. Post-security, north and south court area, near gates A17-24.
· Panchito's: Fairly typical Tex-Mex offerings. Post-security, north and south food court areas.
· Pizzeria Uno: Pretty decent pizza, pastas, soups and salads. Post-security, north and south food court areas.
Fast Casual/Bars
· Flite 281 Spirts + Bistro: Wine, beer, coffee and a small menu of light bites. Post-security; north, near gates A8-15.
· Stadium City Bar & Grill: lots of televisions, full service restaurant/bar. Pre-security, near the ticketing lobby.
· Lotus Express: Food-court style American-Chinese food. There to satisfy a craving for egg rolls. Post-security, south food court.
Terminal B
Quick bite/Snacks: Houston's most famous donuts and kolaches. Post-security, food court area.
· Whataburger: The iconic Texas fast-food joint in an airport. Grab the honey butter chicken biscuit for breakfast. Post-security, near gates B1 - B31
Fast Casual/Bars
· Barcuterie: chilled meats and classic cheeses in a bar seating Post-security, near gates B1 - B31.
· Bunk House Cafe: airport bar with food and such. Post-security, by gates B84-B91.
· Chili's Too: Chili's menu, plus a bar. Full service. Post-security, near B84-B91
· King Fisher: Nautical theme with a full bar and full service. Post-security, near B76-83
A Leisurely Meal
· 3rd Bar Oyster & Eating House: Breakfast tacos, sliders, seafood, cocktails. Post-security, Terminal B near gates B1 - B31
· The Fruteria y Botanero: Fresh fruit and juices, tortas, tapas, tequila Post-security, Terminal B near gates B1 - B3114-C23., near Gates 14 to 23 and 34 to 42 Einstein Bagels: Bagels with lox, sandwiches and coffee. Post-security, near gate E1
· Famous Famiglia Pizzeria: calzones, pizzas and pastas. Post-security, E1.
· Nestle Toll House Cafe: Baked treats like brownies and cookies. Post-security, E12-14.
· Panda Express: Fast Chinese food. Post-security, E1.
· Pappasito's Cantina: Tex-Mex from a well-known chain. Post-security, near gate E1.
Fast Casual/Bars
· Ruby's Diner: burgers, shakes, french fries and "rubyrings." Right at security checkpoint.
· Pappadeaux Seafood Kitchen: Texas, Cajun seafood entrees. Full service, with bar. Post-security, E2, 3, 8, 9.
A Leisurely Meal
· Cat Cora's Kitchen: Lots of Greek influences and global cuisine found on the menu. Full service bar and restaurant. Near gates 10 & 11.Natural disaster risk assessment and risk management.
Disasters have occurred in the world over for many years. They have occurred both in MDCs and LDCs. These disasters have either been caused by human forces or natural forces or interaction of both natural and human forces. When they occur they cause serious challenges and consequences to the economies of affected areas or countries. It’s estimated that the world looses over 750 dollars annually as a result of disaster. In most cases, the phenomenon that triggers disasters is beyond human control. In general the loses that causes natural disasters are largely a function of human factors which are human decisions, human actions and human choices or sometimes lack of these.
Before I go into specifying a specific human disaster threat, it is important to exactly know what a disaster is or what it means. A disaster means misfortunes or calamities. It can also be termed as an incident of great harm and distress. It’s a serious disruption of functions of society causing widespread human, material or environmental loses that exceed the ability of the affected society to cope using its own resources.
In this case, I am going to specifically dwell on earthquake as a natural disaster and its threats. Earthquake is a tremor caused by the disturbance of the earth surface. When it happens it causes great destruction economically, socially and even psychologically to the people living around. Because earthquakes are natural disasters, human have no control over them and this can explain why naturally occurring disasters have serious impact on human society. They only leave human beings with the option of reducing their impacts when they occur.
As I have mentioned before, disaster is a result of human force, natural force or a combination of both; management for these disasters have been put in place. Disaster management simply is a body of policy and administrative decisions and operational activities which pertain to various stages of a disaster at all levels. So disaster management body has to come up with personnel and facilities dealing with earthquakes. The personnel includes both the administrative, individuals and community actions who try to minimize loss of lives or/and damage of facilities. This they do through disaster preparedness includes efforts for effective rescue of people involved in the earthquake disaster, relief and also rehabilitation and reconstruction of destroyed materials like buildings.
The administration, individuals and community also engage in disaster mitigation which encompasses all measures to reduce the impact the earthquake disaster phenomenon by improving the community’s ability o withstand the impact of the earthquake. This they do through the prevention, preparedness and real response of earthquake disaster during or after which includes relief, rehabilitation and reconstruction.
Earthquake disaster will definitely leave behind vulnerable people who are prone to it again incase it occurs again. To be vulnerable is to live with a likelihood that one will suffer from hazardous events. In the society, some people are more vulnerable than others.
The nearness to hazardous places the more the consequence one will face. Earlier, earthquake disasters have established that natural hazards are a cause of vulnerability to disasters. People who live or work in certain areas are prone to disasters that may occur to such areas. This means that humans living or working in certain areas make themselves vulnerable to earthquakes disaster, for example if they live in areas of volcanic activities then they are prone to earthquakes or earth movements respectively. Vulnerability is simply reduced to zero by people not living in affected areas.
Scientists, technologists and engineers have attempted to predict hazardous events and development of technologies that can enable human structures to withstand earthquakes. The assumption has been that events are acts of nature that cannot be prevented but rather there are possibilities of reducing their consequences. As a result of this, technologies and materials for building and construction for example have been developed so that they can withstand earthquakes or earth movements.
In spite of many games in the scientific and technological process to control vulnerability to earthquake disasters people continue to be injured, die and loss of property. One reason for this is because many earthquake disasters predictions and other mitigative technology are costly and individuals and communities are either unwilling or unable to afford them. The costs tend to set criteria for deciding on what mitigation methods to use under various circumstances. So according to this view, although vulnerability is a cost, vulnerability reduction is itself costly.
As I mentioned before, disaster does not choose specific people and the nearer one gets to it or lives near it the more vulnerable he or she becomes. Earthquakes disasters do not choose the poor or the rich but it affects anyone or everyone. So earthquake or earth movement disasters impose a varied number of consequences on the humans, animals, physical and environmental aspects. These consequences can be in view of the time period of a disaster that is either short term, mid term or long term.
To UNECLAC, effects of disasters are short term consequences of disaster that comprise of direct damage,, indirect damages and secondary effect. Impacts comprise of economic, social, psychological and environmental impacts. These are mainly long term consequences of disasters. The worst case scenario that determines the degree of risk is whereby disaster occurs because people who are vulnerable simply do not know when the disaster may occur, what protection measures to take and these coupled with negative attitudes towards use of certain measures.
This increases human suffering from disastrous situation. A good example here is a case where by simple earth tremors or movements occur frequently leaving people with a normal assumption that such have been happening and that have never had effect on them. This will definitely make everyone to take such scenarios for granted not knowing that one day the tremor can turn out to be an earthquake. When it turns to be earthquake, it will find everyone unaware and hence will end up affecting the majority.
The fact that disaster can happen anywhere and anytime, everyone should be prepared. Earthquakes disasters are categorized as either simple, Meagre or complex. What one society can look at as a simple earthquake disaster can be perceived as complex earthquake disaster by another society. Some disasters are also seen as rapid while others seen as slow.
I may say that most earthquakes disasters can be considered as initially slow or creeping because mostly they begin as earth movement or tremors before ending up as earthquakes which are considered to being rapid. Earthquakes are as a result of natural forces or an interaction of human and natural hence they are beyond human control thus the society should be prepared on how they can be mitigated however much costly it may be.
People should also be prepared because of the damages the earth quakes cause whether partial or complete destructions of physical infrastructure like buildings, people, communication networks, machineries, etc. They can be indirect damages that the damage to the flow of goods and services that can neither be produced nor distributed when a disaster occurs. Indirect damages are of four folds namely; increased population costs, increased damages, loss of corporate incomes and unexpected expenditures.
In conclusion, earthquake disasters neither belong to the rich or poor but to everyone. This means it can affect everyone as long as one lives on the earth’s surface.
References
Natural disaster risk assessment and risk managementWho is the best player in FIFA 18?
Top 100 (41 to 100)
Who is the tallest player on FIFA 19?
Checking in at a massive 6’9″, Tomas Holy is the tallest player on FIFA 19.
Who is the tallest player in FIFA 20? smallest player in FIFA 19?
Young Argentine prospect Nahuel Barrios is the joint smallest player on FIFA 19 standing at just 5’1”.
Who is the best striker in FIFA 18?
Top 20 Strikers On FIFA 18
-.
What year does FIFA 18 career end?
Career Mode ends at the end of the 2030/2031 Season after 15 (I think) seasons, when even the really young players are getting old..
What is the fastest team on FIFA 19?
FIFA 19 Fastest Team: Liverpool.
What is a target man in football?
The term “target man” is often used to describe a particular type of striker or centre-forward whose main role is to win high balls in the air and create chances for other members of the team in addition to scoring goals themselves. shortest player in FIFA 20?
Shonan Bellmare duo Kazuki Yamaguchi and Hiroto Nakagawa are the shortest players in FIFA 20 at 5 ft 1 in or 1.55m.
Does height matter in FIFA 20?
Height really matters as they can win the ball from ur goal kick and have an attack or get counter attack. smallest player?.
Who is the smallest footballer in the world?...
$10 Amazon
One thought on “Big Love”
I love the cover. It’s very romantic.If you can help or wish to become one of the maintainers - just start helping. You can find more RVM related projects at RVM Github organization.
∞Using RVM and Ruby-based services that start via init.d or upstart:Javascript is not enabled!
Please activate Javascript in your browser.
Open positions
Working at Elektrobit
How to apply
Open positions
Working at Elektrobit
How to apply
User name / Email:
Password forgotten?
Pre-Sales Engineer
Shanghai
Published: 2021-10
Benefits may vary depending on location and branch size.
at +86-21-50431951, and
cnhrrecruitment@elektrobit.com
.
Back
recommend
print
Apply now!
Data protection information
ImprintThe Ethical Slut
an Useful Guide to Polyamory, Open connections, alongside Freedoms in Sex and adore By Janet Hardy & Dossie Easton
For 20 years The moral Slut have dispelled stories and confirmed curious people simple tips to keep a successful polyamorous lifestyle through available correspondence, emotional sincerity, and reliable sex methods. The 3rd model for this eternal guide to interaction and gender has-been modified to include interviews with poly millennials (young those who have adult with no prejudices their elders experienced relating to sex, direction, sexuality, and relations), tributes to poly pioneers, and latest sidebars on subjects such as asexuality, intercourse staff members, and techniques polys can link and thrive. The writers have brand new contents dealing with nontraditional interactions beyond the polyamorous paradigm of aˆ?more than twoaˆ?: partners who donaˆ™t stay along, lovers just who donaˆ™t have intercourse with each other, nonparallel agreements, lovers with commonly divergent gender types, energy disparities, and cross-orientation relationships, while utilizing nonbinary sex code and new words having come into common practices because latest edition.
Above Two
An Useful Self-help Guide To Ethical Polyamory By Franklin Veaux & Eve Rickert
This wide-ranging site examines the often-complex arena of living polyamorously: the subtleties (zero, this is certainlynaˆ™t swinging), the connection choice (do you realy complement a-v, a N, an unbarred network?), the urban myths (donaˆ™t depend on wild orgies and countless intercourse but donaˆ™t guideline all of them out sometimes!) and expectations (communication, transparency and confidence were important). A lot more than Two is entirely without judgment and peppered with a decent amount of wit. Inside it the authors share not merely their own hard-won concepts about polyamory, additionally their own hurts and embarrassments. Live poly isn’t necessarily a straightforward highway, plus they wish that by reading this article book, youraˆ™ll abstain from many of the issues theyaˆ™ve produced as you go along.
The Polyamorists Across The Street
Inside Multiple-Partner Connections and People By Dr. Elisabeth Sheff
intimate, and sexual relations with several group likewise, openly and with assistance off their partners, occasionally forming multi-partner relations, or any other agreements that enable for psychological and sexual independence inside the household system. In colourful and mobile facts, this book explores exactly how polyamorous affairs become, build and change, manage the ins and outs of day-to-day families lives, and deal with the difficulties they deal with both in their family members and from community in particular. Utilizing polyamoristsaˆ™ very own keywords, Dr. Elisabeth Sheff examines polyamorous people and reveals her strengths, negatives, plus the everyday lives of the residing all of them.
The basics of Generating and Maintaining Open Connections By Tristan Taormino
Connection professional and bestselling author Tristan Taormino supplies a bold new strategy for promoting enjoying, lasting connections. Attracting on detailed interview with over 100 women and men, opening explores the real-life positive and challenges of all types of open relations aˆ• from partnered non-monogamy to solo polyamory. Together refreshingly down-to-earth preferences and razor-sharp wit, Taormino offers assistance for making an unbarred partnership jobs, including advice on handling envy, settling borders, locating neighborhood, child-rearing and time management. Checking will alter how you think about closeness.
This listing isn’t detailed, but exploring polyamory is much like climbing a tree, the trunk leads to modest and smaller branches having fruits ripe for choosing. The resources Iaˆ™ve created in the last 5 years have actually typically been the result of learning various other polyamorous and non-monogamous group, very donaˆ™t forget to reach aside. Take pleasure in your own quest, and please comment with any means youraˆ™ve receive particularly beneficial!Tennis Tennis Australian Open Day 10: Matches to look out for As the quarterfinal stage of the Australian Open begins on Tuesday, here's a look at some of the exciting clashes in store. Team Sportstar 23 January, 2018 00:52 IST Rafael Nadal will face a steep challenge when he faces Marin Cilic in the quarterifnal of the Australian Open. - Getty Images Team Sportstar 23 January, 2018 00:52 IST With the quarterfinal stage of the Australian Open beginning on Tuesday, here's a look at some of the exciting clashes in store.Rafael Nadal vs Marin CilicTop-seed Rafael Nadal will take on in-form Marin Cilic in the second quarterfinal on Tuesday with both players having gone through tough games in the previous round. The Spaniard was taken to four gruelling sets and fought off a tenacious Diego Schwartzman 6-3, 6-7 (4/7), 6-3, 6-3 in the round-of-16, ensuring he remains World No. 1 after the tournament ends. READ: Hyeon Chung continues hot run, stuns DjokovicCilic won his 100th Grand Slam match when he defeated Pablo Carreno Busta 6-7 (2), 6-3, 7-6 (0), 7-6 (3) on Sunday.Elina Svitolina vs Elise Mertens Fourth seed Elina Svitolina faces strong challenge in Belgium's Elise Mertens in the quarterfinal. Svitolina raced into the last eight with a 6-3, 6-0 demolition of Czech qualifier Denisa Allertova, extending her winning streak at the start of 2018 to nine matches after being crowned the Brisbane International champion earlier this month.Mertens, on the other hand, became the first Belgian to reach the quarterfinals of the Australian Open since Kim Clijsters in 2012 with a straight sets 7-6 (7/4), 7-5 win over Petra Martic on Sunday. ALSO READ: Federer sets up another Berdych showdownIn-form Mertens is making her Australian Open main draw debut and is on a nine-match win streak after making a successful title defence in the warm-up event in Hobart just over a week ago.It will be interesting to see which one of these two stars will continue their win streak.Grigor Dimitrov vs Kyle EdmundThird seed Grigor Dimitrov reached the quarters after a terrific 7-6 (7-3) 7-6 (7-4) 4-6 7-6 (7-4) win over local hope Nick Kyrgios on Sunday and next faces a determined Kyle Edmund.The 23-year-old Brit is in his first Grand Slam quarterfinal and is also the only British man in this year's field after five-time finalist Andy Murray's injury withdrawal before the tournament.Edmund will be looking to make amends on Tuesday as he trails Dimitrov 0-2 from their previous encounters.Caroline Wozniacki vs Carla Suarez NavarroStill chasing a maiden grand slam triumph, second seed Carolina Wozniacki made the quarterfinals for the first time since 2012 with a 6-3, 6-0 win over 19th seed Rybarikova.ALSO READ: Halep coasts in Melbourne as Kerber fights back to reach last eightSpaniard Suarez Navarro, however, faced a tough challenge in her fourth-round clash with Anett Kontaveit, which she ultimately won 4-6, 6-4, 8-6.The unseeded 29-year-old has matched her best run at this tournament and will be looking to make her first semifinal when she takes on Wozniacki. Read more stories on Tennis. For more updates, follow Sportstar on :Disaster Insurance Agency Geographic Withdrawal
08/31/20
“Why do insurance agencies withdraw from a particular geographic region?”
Climate change is making disasters more poignant around the world. However, some regions are going to be affected more than others. And sometimes these may get so bad that insurance agencies no longer feel comfortable doing business within the region. This can induce a Disaster Insurance Agency Geographic Withdrawal in which a whole glut of insurance companies pack up their bags and leave. This happened in Florida after a long series of hurricanes and may happen to California with the current wildfire crisis.Application Of sf6 mix evacuation Sieyuan Electric Co LtdApplication Of sf6 mix evacuation mixtures Get price
acclaimed sf6 gas analy<<
Advantages sf6 mix detector Substation_12<<
Dimensions Of gis sf6 cart_13<<
Best Selling gis sf6 testing_15<<
Price Of sf6 gas equipments Pinggao ElectricHigh Get price
Widely Used sulfur hexafluoride carts_20<<A&M Records releases David Shire’s soundtrack from the movie 2010: The Year We Make Contact. Available only briefly – the label doesn’t keep the title in print after the movie proves not to be a blockbuster – the soundtrack has yet to be reissued in any form and is an exceedingly rare collectors’ item. The album includes a version of the theme tune by Andy Summers of The Police.
More about David Shire in Music ReviewsGuide to Finding an Ideal Flower Delivery Shop
Choosing the best flower delivery service can be challenging but it’s important if you want to receive the best service. Take time to compare before you decide and look at the important criteria. A good flower delivery service ensures you value for money and quality.
Recent CommentsLindsey Lathrop and Colin Ryan
Money Date Night is a podcast that inspires couples to talk about money. Married co-hosts Colin Ryan and Lindsey Lathrop realized their ability to have money conversations impacted their ability to build a bigger vision for their lives together.
All Episodes
Travel is one of the main drivers behind why we budget In the show notes, you'll find our behind-the-scenes itinerary for Thailand + Bali - including our itemized costs, things we did, and vetted Airbnb list. MDN Shownotes & Questions: MDN Instagram: MDN FB Community:
May 2019
17 min 3 sec. More details can be found at: moneydatenight.com/toolreview2019
Apr 2019
10 min 29 sec
"How do you actually manage your money?" is a question we get asked a lot, so. MDN Shownotes & Questions: MDN Instagram: MDN FB Community:
Apr 2019
20 min 13 sec. MDN Instagram: MDN FB Community: MDN Shownotes:
Mar 2019
22 min 15 sec
Hi! We're excited you're joining us for Money Date Night! We release our first episode on Wednesday March 21, 2019 and new shows every third Wednesday of the month. Find out more at moneydatenight.com.
Mar 2019
45 secIt's tax season! You might not want to put off filing your taxes this year. If you're not quick, you might find that someone else has already filed a fraudulent tax return in your name.
There are only a few things someone needs to file a tax return as you. Armed with your name, address, and Social Security number it's relatively easy to file a tax return in your name. The details beyond that don't matter too much, and the hacker can receive the refund dollars and have them spent before you even realize the fraudulent return was filed.
Here are four things you should do to guard against a fraudulent tax return being filed in your name, and to protect your credit and identity in general:
- File your returns as early as possible. Tax season began on January 31st and runs through April 15th. In order to prevent someone else from filing under your name, submit your tax returns as soon as possible.
- Watch out for phishing scams. If you receive an email or text message from the IRS asking for any personal information, do not reply nor click on any links. All correspondence originating from the IRS will be sent as a hard copy via snail mail and will never ask for such information over digital communications. Instead of replying, forward these messages to phishing@IRS.gov.
- Monitor your credit report. It is recommended that you check your credit report for suspicious activity at least twice a year. Spotting signs of identity theft before tax season rolls around can prevent headaches later on.
- Install comprehensive security software. Without the proper precautions set around your digital devices, cybercriminals may have access to your electronic tax forms, medical information, home lease, or other confidential documents that are intended for your eyes only. To keep your data and SSN out of the hands of fraudsters, install security software to protect your data and identity on all of your devices.
Gary Davis, chief consumer security evangelist for Intel Security, also suggests being vigilant about guarding your Social Security number in the first place. He urges consumers to exercise skepticism over which websites, companies, and corporations deserve access to your SSN. Davis says, "Do not provide it over the phone or via email, and leave it blank on forms when possible. If you have any doubts or feel uncomfortable providing it--always ask why the requesting party needs it or don't give it out."
How identity theft tax fraud could be thwarted
Thanks to massive data breaches like the recent compromise of Anthem, or the breach at Target, identity thieves have plenty of ammunition to work with. Hundreds of millions of names, addresses, and Social Security numbers that have been exposed. There's nothing you can really do about protecting that data once it's been exposed to attackers.
We need stronger controls in place to verify that the person filing the return is legitimate. "Too much information is already available about us based on our online identities; we need something better. Thankfully things like biometrics are becoming far easier to implement," explained Garve Hayes, solution architect with NetIQ.
Marc Maiffret, CTO of BeyondTrust, stressed that filing taxes should require two-factor authentication. "Such technology makes it where an attacker needs your username and password plus a randomly generated code from something like your smart phone. This is something supported by Google, Facebook, Microsoft and many other online services but has yet to be widely adopted by online financial institutions from banks to tax filing."
Until the IRS and tax filing services take steps to make the filing process more secure, anyone with your name, address, and Social Security number can potentially file a fraudulent return in your name. Make sure you file early and beat them to it.Jeep CJ5 Kaiser vintage 1969, postwar to 2.2 litre engine type, 3-speed, excellent condition, after the renovation of many parts, new paint orig camo, new upholstery, new tires, spark plugs, filling. The engine and all equipment is fully functional. All original model with heating the cabin, waterproof protection and candles distributor bottom heavy metal. Complete orig. documents of the Swiss army. &NBSP;
1969 Jeep CJ 5 KaiserMontgomery County, MD
October 11, 2021
The September-October 2021 issue of Bethesda Magazine profiled Brookside Gardens.
“A publicly-funded display garden that charges no entry fee, Brookside kept its outdoor space in Wheaton Regional Park open from sunrise to sunset throughout COVID-19, attracting nearly 850,000 visitors in 2020—about 50% more than in a typical year.”
Meet some of the staff that keep Brookside Gardens running and learn how the gardens support the community.
This website uses cookies to provide you with an improved and personalized experience. By using this site you agree to our use of cookies. Please read our cookies policy for more information on the cookies we use and how to delete or block them.Welcome to RHINE!
Rhine Landscaping prides itself on providing clients with beautiful and functional landscape designs, professional hardscaping, amazing in-ground swimming pools, quality service, attention to detail and customized solutions that are unsurpassed in the industry. We service the Howard County and surrounding locales. As a single-source provider, all of our services are provided in-house and we are fully licensed, insured, and guarantee our work.
FREE, NO-HASSLE ESTIMATES
FULLY LICENSED & INSURED
SINGLE-SOURCE PROVIDER
PROJECT MANAGERS ON-SITE
Turn Yardwork into ArtworkGwillimdale Farms is recalling Gwillimdale Farms brand onions, product of Mexico from the marketplace because of possible Salmonella contamination.
This recall was triggered by an onion recall by ProSource Produce LLC, of Hailey, Idaho. ProSource Produce LLC onions have been connected to a Salmonella Oranienburg outbreak that has infected more than 650 people. Federal officials say the outbreak has been traced to the fresh onions from Mexico.
Consumers should not consume the recalled products described below or foods containing these raw onions. Retailers, distributors, manufacturers, and foodservice establishments such as hotels, restaurants, cafeterias, hospitals, and nursing homes should not serve, use, or sell the recalled products.
The following products have been sold in Ontario and Quebec and may have been distributed in other provinces and territories.
Recalled products:
Consumers should check to see if you have the recalled products in their home or establishment. Recalled products should be thrown out or returned to the location where they were purchased.
As of the posting of this recall, there have been no reported illnesses in Canada associated with the consumption of these products..)Student accommodation from the #1 flatshare site
11,251,335 registered users! SpareRoom has a huge choice of Rooms for Rent and Flatmates across the UK
As featured by The Daily Star
I am PhD Student (EE Engineering) in the University of Manchester. I live in this apartment since 2019 as it's close from the University and the favorite restaurants too. I like sports , going to gym almost every day after college , sometimes playing football and tennis.
For the one who's interested just to know it takes you less than 10 minutes walk to the UoM if you are student. For shopping, Tesco, Lidl, and Poundland are only one minute walk. In the same line there are Café nero and Tim Hortons. There are broadband internet, washing machine, ironing device, cleaning devices, fridge, microwave and most of the kitchen things. The bedroom has its own luxury bathroom.
Note: no family, no couples. Only one person per room. The viewing is not possible now till 2nd Oct.:Are you interested in cricket betting apps in India? We have analyzed and selected 9 best cricket betting apps for this sport. See our review for details.
Indians’ love for cricket and sports betting is hard to overestimate. Logically, many decide to combine these two passions into one. And since more than half of the users prefer mobile gambling, they are faced with the question of finding the best cricket betting apps. Our experts decided to help people in choosing betting apps from the wide list available, so we offer you to read about free cricket betting apps in India.
PariMatch
It is this platform that is recognized as the best one for cricket betting today. The bookmaker provides a wide variety of events, high odds and a lot of information useful for betting.
As for the application itself, its advantages are as follows:
- Modest system requirements.
- There are many currencies to choose from, including the rupee.
- The software is translated into Hindi.
- It is possible to perform financial transactions through banking and electronic services relevant to India.
- It uses its own servers and SSL encryption for reliable protection of personal information.
The application works quickly, is easy to use and the functionality is not cut down.
Betway
The bookmaker has a high reputation worldwide. It provides fast payouts, quality bonuses, 24-hour access to the support team. Let’s list the main advantages of the application:
- Excellent playing conditions for users from India.
- A wide range of payment methods – from VISA to Trustly.
- There is a settlement in rupees.
- Many markets with favorable odds are available.
- Fast withdrawal of funds (within 24 hours).
- Easy to understand interface.
- Undemanding to the device, slowly consumes a charge.
The main disadvantages – strict verification and the absence of Hindi in the language versions of software.
1Win
More than 1,000,000 users play on the platform, various promotions are offered here daily, and the rich selection of disciplines also includes cricket. Equally positive is the availability of a modern app for iOS and Android. Consider its merits:
- High odds and bets in rupees.
- There is a special promo code for users in the app.
- Regular promotions and bonuses.
- Instant withdrawal and a wide range of financial instruments.
- Good attitude towards players from India.
- The application takes only 20 MB in the memory of the device and is suitable even for outdated devices.
The disadvantages are the low cashout limits and the lack of support staff who understand Hindi.
Melbet
This bookmaker has been operating since 2012, is licensed by Curacao and has over 2,000,000 active users each month. In addition to the betting section, the platform offers a wealth of casino entertainment. The mobile client from Melbet features the following pluses:
- Available in Hindi and rupee as the currency.
- A huge choice of payment methods, including cryptocurrency wallets.
- Loyal conditions for players from India.
- Modest technical requirements and compatibility with most devices.
- Simple interface.
A certain disadvantage is the fact that the platform does not use Skrill as a withdrawal method.
Betmaster
Among cricket betting apps Betmaster deserves a high rating. This is an excellent choice for beginners, as the navigation and interface are as simple and straightforward as possible. The functionality for betting is quite good: live streaming, live betting, the ability to view game history and betting statistics.
And here are other important advantages:
- Among the language options is Hindi, and among the types of currencies is the rupee.
- Lots of promotions for the player to choose from.
- Maximum quick cashouts.
- A wide list of payment methods – Cashtocode, SticPay, PaySafeCard, Bitcoin, Skrill and others.
The only drawback – dull design, according to some users.
Casumo
This is one of the newest gambling platforms (opened in 2021). Nevertheless, the bookmaker has already gained the trust of many users from India, including – due to its serious attitude to security issues. And here are the other pluses:
- Convenient conditions for Indians, including the availability of the rupee as a currency.
- Fast withdrawals.
- Quite a lot of stocks.
- Wide range of financial instruments, including popular in India Paytm, UPI, PhonePe.
Unfortunately, the software is not translated into Hindi, and the helpdesk is not available through the application.
Mostbet
The list of online cricket betting apps can’t do without Mostbet. This office offers a beautiful and functional application with a truly high-quality localization for the Indian market. Let’s go over the main pluses:
- Hindi and rupees are available.
- Support is available 24/7.
- Well thought out section with live betting.
- Instant cashouts via cards, e-wallets and cryptocurrencies.
- Extended line and pop-up notifications.
Yes, perhaps the functions could be more, but the most important bookmaker exactly implemented.
Bet365
This bookmaker is one of the oldest in the online, because it operates for over 20 years. In that time Bet365 has gained a massive audience of fans around the world and has gained a great reputation. As for the application, its pluses are numerous:
- Nice design.
- High odds on cricket.
- The ability to bet in rupees.
- Well thought out system of betting in live mode.
- There are live broadcasts and match statistics.
- You can deposit in different ways, even in cash.
Of the disadvantages – the lack of Hindi and few bonuses for regular customers.
888sport
The list of the best cricket betting apps in India should be completed by the giant of the gambling world – 888. A good reputation, a huge user community and a quality mobile app are just some of the advantages of the platform. If we move on to the pluses of the mobile client, it is worth highlighting the following:
- Excellent odds and improved wincastes.
- There are live streaming and live betting.
- It is possible to use numerous bonuses.
- Mutual settlements using bank cards and transfers as well as electronic payment systems.
Unfortunately, you can’t use rupee as a currency and there is no Hindi among the languages.Which companies are making the most in China?
What are some of the biggest names in China’s petrochemicals sector?The following list was compiled from Chinese media reports, government and industry documents, and Chinese company filings.These companies include Sinopec, Alberta, and Petrochem China, all listed as operating in China.The following list is not a complete list, and may include companies listed under more than one company.The information is based […]Worth reading (especially if you have a techno-centric view of collaboration) - additional information and download information on the HBS Working Knowledge site:
Executive Summary:
Why do teams often fail to use their knowledge resources effectively even after they have correctly identified the experts among them? Project teams are a prominent feature of the knowledge-based economy, and member expertise has long been recognized as an important resource that can greatly affect team performance, but only to the extent that it is accurately recognized and used to accomplish the objective. The step between recognizing others' expertise and then actually applying it to achieve a collective outcome, however, is highly problematic: Even when individuals know who holds relevant task expertise, they are often unwilling or unable to give the experts appropriate influence over the group process and outcomes. HBS professor Heidi K. Gardner takes a multidisciplinary approach to develop theory explaining how interpersonal dynamics in teams affect members' use of each other's distinct knowledge, ultimately leading to differential performance outcomes. Key concepts include:
-View credits, reviews, tracks and shop for the File release of "Blue Sky" on Discogs. Listen to Blue Sky (Original Mix) by DJ 3star, 13 Shazams. buy a full length kbps MP3 or WAV click the link above:Follow our playlists on. Performer: DJ 3Star Genre: Electronic Title: Blue Sky Country: UK Released: Style: Hardcore, Happy Hardcore Label: 3Form Digital. Lyrics, Song Meanings, Videos, Full Albums & Bios: Blue Sky, The Truth, Do You Wanna Dance, Forgotten Trip (Original mix), Overdrive, The Truth - Original. Check out Blue Sky (Original) by Dj Spin on Amazon Music. Stream ad-free or purchase CD's and MP3s now on Check out Blue Sky (DJ Substance Remix) by DJ Sakin on Amazon Music. Stream ad-free or purchase CD's and MP3s now on Stream 3Star - Blue Sky - 3form Digital by 3Star on desktop and mobile. Play over million tracks for free on SoundCloud. save up to % off Hope Conventional Headset /8" MTB XC AM Enduro DJ - Blue - Brand New all in high quality and low price · One Piece 3. Crazy Lee - Ello 5. 3 Star - Blue Sky 6. Gisbo - Land Of Dreams 7. Darwin & In Effect Ft Fraz - Only Road 8. Brisk & Vagabond - The Only Ones (Fracus Remix).
- Gustav Mahler Rafael Kubelik Elsie Morison Symphonie Orchester Des Bayerischen Rundfunks Symphonie N
1 thoughts on “Download DJ 3Star Blue Sky mp3 flac full album vinyl rip”Brief History
Versailles is built on King Louis XIII’s old hunting pavilion by his son Louix XIV and is made up of 2300 rooms. The court and government moved from Paris to Versailles in 1682 and the Palace was extended and embellished by successive kings until the French Revolution in 1789, when Louix XVI left Versailles for Paris. It wasn’t used as a royal residence again and in 1837 King Louise Phillipe ordered it to become the Museum of the History of France, housing collections of paintings and sculptures.
One of the many statues of the ‘Sun King’, this one found at the main entrance to Versailles. Us in the gardens in Versailles.
Hall of Mirrors
The hall of mirrors contains 357 mirrors covering its 73 meters length and was built between 1678 and 1684. There are 30 paintings in the vaulted ceiling, illustrating Louis XIV first 18 years of his reign. The hall of mirrors was used as a waiting and meeting place and on occasions for balls and games. It was also in the hall that the Treaty of Versailles was signed on the 28th of June 1919, ending World War 1.
The hall of mirrors is a very popular area in the palace and always filled with people.
The Royal Chapel
The royal chapel was completed at the end of Louis XIV reign in 1710. The chapel is Gothic design. The chapel was dedicated to Saint Louis who was the patron saint of the king. The king attended daily mass at 10 am surrounded by his family in the family tribune, the ladies of the court in opposite tribunes and the general public in the nave.
The King’s Apartments
The king’s apartments like the rest of Versailles is lavishly decorated with beautiful brocade fabrics, art work and furnishings. The photos are of Louis XIV bedchamber, which he used from 1701, after having it remodeled. Interestingly enough it is also in this room that he died on the 1st of September, 1715, after a 72 year reign. The Sun King is present throughout the palace in paintings, busts, statues and as a metal sun in the fences. In this room it was as a bust
The Mercury Room
The Mercury room began as a royal bedchamber before being converted to a games room. On the ceiling of the Mercury room, painted by Jean-Baptise de Champaigne is Mercury on a chariot being pulled by two roosters. Although the apartment looks opulent, decorated with period pieces, it originally contained silver chandeliers and silver on the walls, ceiling and fireplace, all of which were melted down to fund the War of the League of Augsburg in 1689. Similarly brocade fabrics containing silver and gold threads were used to finance the War of Spanish Succession. This room housed King Louis XIV coffin after he died, for viewing for a few days.
The Gardens
There are immense sculpted gardens surrounding Versailles just waiting to be explored and it does take some time.
The Orangery contains formal garden areas, a fountain and in the summer potted orange trees, originating from Portugal, Spain and Italy as well as lemon trees, oleander and pomegranate trees, some over 200 years old. During the winter they are housed in a nearby building.
The Fountains
The Latona fountain is inspired by Greek mythology. Latona the mistress to the god Jupiter, had two children with him, Apollo and Diana, who are represented in the top tier of the fountain with their mother. Through Latona’s travels in what is now known as Turkey, she found water and when approaching it to drink, some peasants refused to allow her entrance, even after begging. She tried to go to the water and the peasants stamped and churned up the mud, making it undrinkable. Latona cursed the peasants and turned them into frogs where they were forever tied to the slimy pool. The lower levels of the fountains show the peasants in various stages of metamorphosis into frogs.
Apollo’s Fountain was commissioned by Louis XIV and constructed between 1668 and 1670 from gilded lead. The fountain is of Apollo, the sun god and Louis’s icon. It shows Apollo bursting through the water in his chariot on his daily flight above earth.
Statues
The gardens are filled with over 300 statues, which accentuate the beauty of the gardens. The original statues in the gardens celebrated love and gallantry but during Louis XIV reign moved towards and Apollonian theme, with Greek mythical creatures and characters. I have included a few, particularly ones that have an interesting story.
Castor and Pollux is a replica statue made by Antoine Coysevox between 1685 and 1707 and first exhibited in the Louvre before being relocated to the gardens in Versailles. So who were Castor and Pollux? According to Greek and Roman Mythology they were twins. Castor was the mortal son of the King of Sparta, while Pollux was the immortal son of Zeux. In Latin they are referred to as the Gemini, yes the constellation. Castor was killed and Pollux convinced his father Zeus to let him share his immortality with his brother and they became the constellation Gemini.
Samson fighting the lion with his bare hands, demonstrating his superhuman ability seems to be the theme of this statue.
The Grand Trianon Centaur found in the sculptured gardens surrounding the Grand Trianon Palace.
Trianon
Grand Trianon was King Louis XIV second residence, built in 1687. Louis was able to live here free from royal protocol here, in other words house his mistress. After the revolution the original furniture was lost, but was later replaced by Napoleon and his second wife, Empress Marie-Louise for their many stays.
The room on the left was originally Louis XIV bedroom but was refurnished for Empress Marie-Louise. The room on the right was used by King Louis-Phillipe with his family as a games room.
The Grand Trianon, also called the pink palace with its formal gardens. Photo on the right is of gallery home to 24 pictures featuring the gardens of Versailles and Grand Trianon as they were in the 17th century.
Photos of the formal gardens surrounding the Grand Trianon. Bottom photo is of the Grand Canal.
Petite Trianon
The Petite Trianon was built in 1768 for Louis XV, it was here that he later died in 1774 from the pox. After his death Louis XVI became king and gave his wife Marie-Antoinette the estate as a gift. The very pink room, the Grand Saloon was where royalty could entertain the special invited guests. Marie-Antoinette was musical and favoured the harp. The floral room was Marie-Antoinette’s bedroom when she stayed at the Petite Trianon. The final picture is a portrait of the lady herself, which hangs in what was once her home.
Tourist Information for Versailles
Opening Times:
- The Palace – Closed on Mondays, December 25th and January 1st, open 9 – 5.30 with last admission at 5 pm.
- The Coach Gallery – Closed on Mondays, December 25th and January 1st, open 12.30 pm – 5.30 pm with last admission at 4.45 pm.
- The Estate of Trianon – Closed on Mondays, December 25th and January 1st, open 12 pm – 5.30 pm, last admission at 5 pm
- The Gardens – Open daily 8 am – 6 pm, with last admission at 5 pm. It is closed during bad weather
- The Park – Open daily 8 am – 6 pm, with last admission at 5.30 pm
- The Estate of Marly – open daily 8 am – 5.30 pm
Cost: You can pre-purchase tickets to avoid the ques when you arrive by using the website: or purchase tickets on arrival.
- The palace and gardens are free for under 18 or under 26 for EU residents
- For adult tickets there are so many different options as to whether you want one or more days whether you want to see just the palace or gardens, the best option is to follow the link for ticket prices:
Official Website:Imperial’s Early Crater Lake Drill Results Confirms Substantial Widths of Scandium-Bearing Olivine Ferrosyenite
April 7, 2021 (Source) — Imperial Mining Group Ltd. (“Imperial”) (TSX VENTURE: IPG; OTCQB: IMPNF) is pleased to announce that early Crater Lake drilling on the TG scandium mineralized zone has confirmed the substantial intersection widths of scandium-bearing olivine ferrosyenite. This rock type is geologically similar to scandium-mineralized units observed during the 2019 TG Zone winter program (see Imperial Press Releases: May 22 and June 18, 2019). The drilling continues towards collecting sufficient drill data to undertake a 43-101 preliminary Resource Estimate of the Zone later in the spring.
“These early results confirm the significant potential of the TG mineralized zone, defined over a minimum strike length of 600 m, to a depth of 200 m and up to 110 m in true thickness,” said Peter Cashin, Imperial’s President & CEO. “The new drilling shows good continuity of the scandium mineralized olivine ferrosyenite unit over intersection widths of up to 158 m (515 feet). We have now brought the zone to surface on two drill sections and will be defined to a vertical depth of 125 m and over a strike length of 600 m. This will provide us with sufficient data to satisfy the minimum tonnage threshold required for our subsequent PEA study work.”
WINTER DEFINITION DRILLING PROGRAM
A definition diamond drill program on the TG Zone commenced in early March with 17 to 22 diamond drillholes planned, for a total of approximately 2,500 m (Figure 1). A drill hole spacing pattern of 50-100 m is in the process of being completed with the objective of outlining a minimum Inferred Mineral Resource of at least 10 million tonnes. This size of resource should satisfy a minimum 20- to 25-year operation model, scalable to the rate of potential market demand growth. There is good potential to expand TG Zone resources with further drilling of the resource area being drilled and on drill evaluation of additional scandium occurrences elsewhere on the property. This drilling round is anticipated to be completed in early May. The drilling contractor for the program is Cartwright Drilling Inc. of Goose Bay, NL.
CURRENT DRILLING
To date, four drillholes for 453.2 m have been completed (Table 1). The drilling indicates that the mineralized zone dips between sub-vertical to 700 east, with a north-northeast strike direction. The widths of the mineralized zone vary between 55 and 110 m (180-360’) in true thickness. The zone is open at depth below the 200 m vertical level and along strike.
SECTION 500N DRILLING (Figure 2)
CL21041 – The drillhole was a shallow overcut to hole CL-19035 (Figure 2), which previously returned 95.5 m (313.2’) grading 314 g/t Scandium Oxide (Sc2O3) and 0.37% Total Rare Earth Oxides + Yttrium (TREO+Y) including 16.3 m grading 353 g/t Sc2O3 and 0.38% TREO+Y. The hole projected the TG Zone to surface on the section and was collared into bedrock at 9.9 m and intersected the scandium host rock to 28.5 m for a total of 18.5 m of host olivine ferrosyenite.
SECTION 550N DRILLING (Figure 3)
CL21040 – Drilling intersected the TG horizon at a vertical depth of 80 m and returned 80.1 m (262.7’) of mineralized section from 20.9-101.0 m in the hole. The mineralization is hosted by highly to moderately magnetic scandium-bearing olivine ferrosyenite showing strong geologic similarity to previous scandium-rich drill sections from 2019 drilling of the zone.
CL21042 – This hole was a deeper undercut to CL21040 which intersected 156.9 m (514.7’) of Sc-bearing olivine ferrosyenite from 47.0 to 203.9 m in the hole at a vertical depth of 110 m.
CL21043 – This hole was a shallow overcut to 21040 to bring the projection of the TG to surface. The hole collared into mineralized olivine ferrosyenite at 9.4 m down to 32.4 m for 23.0 m in core length.
Table 1 – Drillhole Locations
The samples from CL21040 and CL21041 have been delivered to the analytical laboratory and results are anticipated within the next three weeks. The analysis of the drillcore is being undertaken by Activation Laboratories Ltd (Actlabs) of Ancaster, ON. The results will be announced as soon as they become available but, given the current COVID circumstances, delivery delays can be expected.
QA-QC Protocol
Strict QA/QC protocols have been implemented for the Crater Lake Project, including the insertion of certified reference materials (standards), duplicates and blanks at regular intervals throughout the sequence of samples.
A total of 141 samples, including 9.
QP
The technical content in this press release was provided and certified by Pierre Guay, P. Geo., Imperial’s Vice-President, Exploration, and Qualified Person as defined by National Instrument 43_1<<
InvestorIntel.com is a leading online source of investor information that provides public market coverage for both investors and industry alike. A qualified online influencer through ... <Read more about InvestorIntel>I recall those first day of school anxieties, especially when starting at a new school. Now, as a parent, we try to make it easier on our kids with sharing our experiences. Better yet, there are books available that will immerse children into the situation before it happens so they know exactly what to expect – like the story of Princess Cupcake Jones Won’t Go To School by Ylleya Fields.
Children will dive in to the story when they meet Princess Cupcake Jones, a princess who wakes up the morning of her first day of preschool. She comes up with all kinds of excuses like pretending to be sick; her tutu is not ready and is a mess; she even tries to hide to get out of going to school.
Her mother, the Queen, reminds her to be brave and not be afraid of trying something new. Cupcake reluctantly agrees to go to school and immediately makes a new friend. Eventually, she decides to give it a try.
This is a fun book that parents and preschoolers through first grade students will love. With fun rhymes and bright lively pictures, children will remain engaged while they can relate to the story. It is certainly a perfect book for any child starting elementary school.
You can pick up Princess Cupcake Jones Won’t Go To School at Amazon.com for $15.99 (I even noticed it was on sale for $12.69). If your children enjoy Princess Cupcake Jones, they will love the free printables that are available at the princesscupcakejones.com website.
1 thought on “Book Review: Princess Cupcake Jones”
I will definitely have to check this book out- really cute!Welcome to Sunset Overdrive, located in lovely Sunset City. Sunset Overdrive was released in October 2014 exclusively for the Xbox One. It was developed by Insomniac Games, the same people that brought you Racket & Clank and the Spyro series (along with some other crap I couldn’t care less about), and was published by Microsoft’s game studio. In the world of Sunset City, an evil megacorp called FizzCo creates a new energy drink called Overcharge Delirium XT. You play a FizzCo employee that fights the OD’d humans (called OD) who have mutated into monsters from drinking the energy drink.
Rating: 4/5
Mindy’s Thoughts: This strange little game is unlike anything I’ve ever played before. It’s like a mash-up of Grand Theft Auto, Tony Hawk, and Dead Rising, with added cartoon feel. It’s very bright, humorous, and purposefully over the top in all regards, from the overall environment to the character conversations and all things in-between. Sunset Overdrive calls itself an open world, third person shooter game, but that only tells a portion of the whole story.
Let me be clear, Sunset Overdrive is not a complex game in terms of story or basic game-play. The most important aspect of the game is getting comfortable with the controls. While learning the control schema is part of every gaming experience, in Sunset Overdrive you need to become very well acquainted with not just the controls but with your on-screen movement. Essentially you should never stop moving, ever. You can pretend the ground is lava, but there is actually a quest where the ground is lava (and good fucking luck because that quest is HARD). It took me a few hours to really get a handle on flying around the city, but your mileage may vary. While there is a learning curve, it seemed pretty intuitive to me, and I only had a few rage moments early-on where I couldn’t coordinate my fingers quickly enough.
One of the more unique features of Sunset Overdrive is the character customization options, which are extremely rich. The game developer, Insomniac Games, purposefully made the character options to be both a bit cheeky (see the Kangaroo Codpiece, please) and representative of a wide variety of styles. They want you to feel like it’s really your individualized character moving and jumping around Sunset City, and not just a random person they generated. Without unlocking anything extra you can select from four body types, two types for each gender, about a dozen faces, different skin colors, and countless hair and clothing options. As you progress through the game you will get new customizations items; you can also buy more from the clothing vendor with money you collect from missions and killing enemies.
Continuing with the player individualism, the entire leveling system is customized for your play style. If you enjoy grinding on rails, you can level that up, if you enjoy shooting monsters with automatic weapons, you can level that up. I’m pretty garbage with aiming, so I leveled up melee abilities first and as a result I can stomp most things in the face near the end of the game. That being said, the Sunset Overdrive upgrade system is able to be changed on the fly, so if you want to switch up your abilities you can do so at any time.
In addition to the player style upgrades, there are also weapon and player upgrades called “Amps”. Amps are customizations to your character (Hero amps) and weapons (weapon amps) and you must defend your player fort successfully to receive new or upgraded amps. Your fort is kind of like a home base, inside of which you will find different vendors, amp cooking vats, and occasionally quests. You defend the fort, specifically your amp cooking vat(s) from several minutes of wave after wave of OD by shooting, stomping, and trap setting. Yes, that’s right, Sunset Overdrive has a built in tower defense game! You get a certain amount of electricity, which differs depending on which base you’re at, and you use the electricity to setup traps. The traps range in effectiveness from shitty to HOLY SHIT IS THAT A TESLA COIL? There are occasional other times where you utilize traps, and you can get new and upgraded traps as well. Collect them all, like a pokemans! Personally I find the fort defense quests to be kind of frustrating, but that might be because I’m not very good at it.
After playing most of Sunset Overdrive I only have one real complaint, which is with the alleged “open world” aspect of the game. Maybe this is just my pedantic nature showing itself, but to me “open world” means open world. It means getting quests from all over the world, not just your quest hub. It means being able to explore everywhere, and not being told to go back to the quest area. It means multiple quests being active at the same time, even if that is limited to 5 or 10 or 20. Sunset Overdrive is open world in little doses, but it is not truly open world. Sure, there are collectibles. Yes, there are quests throughout the city. But everything is really limited, especially for the first 5-10 hours of game-play which are almost completely forced linear storyline.
In regards to quests, there is not an ability to track more than one at a time. Most of the time this isn’t a problem, but when you start a new quest, you can lose progress on your current quest (back to the last auto-save). This has resulted in me doing quests multiple times just because I wanted to do a side quest. Additionally, there is something screwy with the game intelligence, as it very regularly gives me speech prompts for Quest A while I’m in the middle of Quest B. This can be confusing if you aren’t sure what you are doing in the first place, or if you’re in various stages of intoxication. Again, these are not problems you typically encounter with open world games.
I’m not to the end quite yet, but even doing every side quest I’ve only managed to clock about 15 hours of game-play and I’m almost done. Why is this a problem? Because the game feels partially unfinished. It feels like they were waiting for DLC, which I’m not a fan of in this situation. DLC only works for me if it’s a true addition to a well rounded and fleshed out game. Compare Sunset Overdrive to Dead Rising 3, which was a spectacular game and had 35+ hours of game-play just to get to the point where I was ready for DLC. Realistically it’s just kind of disappointing; the world that Insomniac built with Sunset City is so immersive, weird, and awesome that I just want to keep playing it.
Length of content aside, Sunset Overdrive is a really fun game and I would highly recommend to anyone that is a fan of the third person shooter, open world, action genre. It fills a gap in the genre that Xbox One has sorely been missing.New on Green Flag Award? Register
A library of free, high-quality sector knowledge - curated from all over the world. Resources are provided by a range of partners, who support our commitment to sharing best practice.
The Resources Hub is managed by Keep Britain Tidy and endorsed by World Urban Parks
A free platform to explore the latest research findings, events and collaboration opportunities from academic and research organisations across the globe.
The Research Portal was founded and is managed by Keep Britain Tidy in partnership with the Universities of Leeds and Sheffield.We are a webshop and our aim is to provide Nordic treats baked from scratch.
We are building the selection of products gradually. At the moment we have only limited set of Finnish products available for review through the webshop, but you should expect to see a lot of other Nordic products available in the future.
In the future you can pre-order our products through Products Page. If you have any questions, please send us a note.Vaping Modifications: Choosing What Kind of Vaporizer Mod Do You Need
Juicing has exploded on the scene before year and vaporizers have been transformed into a new generation of electronic devices, referred to as Vaporizers or Vaping mods. Vaping is really a new method of using electronic cigarettes that has taken over completely from the traditional smoking methods. It involves filling an electronic cigarette with either e-juice or flavored tobacco and lighting it up like a normal cigarette. Many vapers are turning to these kind of vaporizers to get rid of the cravings they receive from smoking.
With so many vaporizers out there right now, it could be difficult to choose one which is right for you. There are some main features to look for when purchasing a vaporizer and the best vapors have a variable wattage feature. The higher the wattage, the greater the amount of vaporizing that can be done per cartridge. Most vaporizers will start off at around five watts, that is good enough if you would like to get your feet wet. To be able to get creative and really enjoy your vapes, then you’ll probably want to get a stronger wattage.
Variable wattage can be an absolutely essential feature of all the vaporizers available today. You can make a very delicious and flavorful beverage without a lot of work, if you go the excess mile in changing the wattage. Lots of the newest Vaporizers have this functionality built-in. In the event that you haven’t seen the most recent vaporizers, then you definitely need to check out the Pod Vapes and mods.
These vaporizers can be equipped with multiple several types of tanks. The flavors and different types of liquids you should use with one of these devices are endless. If you value coffee, chocolate, fruit flavors, or any other type of delicious liquid, you can get a tank to fit your liking. This is a smart way to stay together with what everyone is enjoying and at the same time stay up to date with the most recent developments in vaporizing devices.
The most popular new additions to the vaporizing community may be the unregulated box mod. These box mods are extremely easy to use and a very important thing about them is they are extremely affordable as well. Vaping is an extremely fun hobby for many individuals and it’s only going to continue to grow. Provided that vaporizers keep coming out with different types of recipes, the costs will continue to grow aswell. The easiest way to stay on top of new and exciting flavors is to purchase among the regulated box mods from your local electronic store.
These regulated box mods will be the hottest among vapers. They come in two different options, a squawk box mod and an unregulated box mod. If you’re a beginner and so are just learning the Vape Pens fundamentals of e-juices and everything else, you should begin with a squawk box mod. The only downfall to these is they are very small and are not so portable. As you become more capable, you might want to consider upgrading to a larger mod.
Some other types of vaping mods include the squonk tanks, the juice trays, and the mesh coffeemakers. Unless you want to utilize any of the previous two options, it is possible to always get yourself a mesh coffeemaker instead. The unit allow you to make single glasses of coffee without fretting about the mess or cleanup. Many vapers that are just starting out prefer to make a massive amount drinks at once and these devices are ideal for that. However, if you’re planning on making a large amount of beverages, then you should consider the larger options of both aforementioned devices.
The final type of vaporizer mod that you may want to consider will be the pre-filled devices. These devices basically come with the necessary materials to produce your desired degree of vapor. Pre-filled devices aren’t very expensive, and you could get one that is suitable for you within your budget.Community Support Worker - Wake & Watch
- 📅
- 210003LD Requisition #
- 📅
- Nov 16, 2021 Post Date
| Salary £18,562-£18,933 per annum | Permanent, Part Time, 23.33 hours per week | Wyre District Adult Disability Domiciliary Service | Pro Rata
Do you want to make a difference to the lives of people who have a disability? We are looking for enthusiastic, motivated, flexible people who would enjoy supporting adults with disabilities to live the lives they want.
The Service supports people with learning/ physical disabilities in their own homes at all times.
We are recruiting a permanent part time Wake and Watch staff to provide overnight support for individuals who have learning disabilities and complex behaviour needs. Usual working hours will be 10pm until 8 Robert Kyle or the Team Managers onStudents’ Belief Many students have a belief that it’s too difficult for them to write in a foreign language, so they try to avoid writing activities and some students may be discouraged to write, that’s why I’ve created this guide. A Practical Guide To The Writing Process It is a practical guide to teaching the five […]
Name of the Development: Mount Anderson | Name of the Street and the Street Number of the Development: 23 On Hei Street # |).
# The above provisional street number is subject to confirmation when the Development is completed.
Date of last update: 2 September 2021
Scroll Down for More Information
Disclaimer
This aerial photograph was taken above Fei Ngo Shan on 5 March 2017 and has been edited with computerized imaging techniques. It is for reference only. The photograph does not reflect the actual appearance, height, landscape or surrounding environment, location or terrain of the Development. The photograph shall not constitute or be construed as constituting any offer, representation, undertaking or warranty, whether express or implied, on the part of the Vendor regarding the Development or any part thereof. The Vendor advises prospective purchasers to conduct an on-site visit for a better understanding of the Development site, its surrounding environment and the public facilities nearby. For details, please refer to the Sales Brochure.
Disclaimer
This rendering is not an actual photograph taken at or from any part of the Development site and only represents an artist's impression of the Development and its surrounding areas. It is not drawn to scale, has been edited and processed with computerized imaging techniques and is for reference only. The Development is currently under construction and this rendering is only used to illustrate the general appearance of the Development after completion and/or its surrounding structures, facilities and environment. This rendering does not reflect the actual appearance, landscape or surrounding environment of the Development after completion or its final appearance upon completion thereof. The buildings, features, colours, materials, facilities, fittings, finishes, appliances, decorations, plants, landscaping, etc. shown in this rendering may be different from the handover standard and may not be present at the Development or in its vicinity. The pipes, conduits, air-conditioning units, grills, gondola, cat ladders, etc. that may exist on the external walls, flat roofs and roofs of the Development as well as its surrounding buildings, facilities and environment are not fully shown in this rendering. The Vendor advises prospective purchasers to conduct an on-site visit for a better understanding of the Development site, its surrounding environment and the public facilities nearby. This rendering is for reference only and shall not constitute or be construed as constituting any offer, undertaking, representation or warranty, whether express or implied, on the part of the Vendor regarding the Development or any part thereof (whether relating to views from the Development or its surrounding environment).
Scroll Down for More InformationPlaylist
Robotology by The Kount on Virtually Yours ( )
- Break
Giving Up by Whitney on Forever Turned Around ( ) Moonlight Motel by The Mattson 2 on Paradise (Company Records) Part III by Crumb on Jinx ( ) Big Old House by jade imagine on ( ) Superbike by Jay Som on Anak Ko ( ) Tough Love by ALASKALASKA on The Dots ( ) A Kiss Goodbye by Tei Shi on ( ) Defectively by Marrakesh on ( ) Try Your Fire by Lucky Daye on Painted ( ) He by Jai Paul on ( ) run? by wifisfuneral on run? ( ) Maniac by GoldLink on Diaspora ( ) Down Bad (feat. JID, Bas, J. Cole, EARTHGANG & Young Nudy) by Dreamville on ( ) Down Bad (feat. JID, Bas, J. Cole, EARTHGANG & Young Nudy) by Dreamville on ( ) Final Form by Sampa the Great on Final Form ( ) U Say (feat. Tyler, the Creator & Jay Prince) by GoldLink on Diaspora ( ) Different Color Hair by Negative Gemini on ( ) Fall Down by Crumb on Jinx ( ) Power Struggle by Hannie El Khatib & De Lux on (Innovative Leisure) Jeannie Becomes a Mom by Caroline Rose on Loner ( ) Bombs Away (Toro y Moi Remix) by Charlotte Gainsburg on Bombs Away (Remixes) ( ) she's afraid to choose (feat. The California Honeydrops) by Justin Jay on everything will come together pt. 1 ( ) Dance Lady Dance (Romain FX Edit) by Crown Heights Affair on Tasty Edits EP (Fantastic Voyage) People by MLiR on Swedish Lo-Life EP (Studio Barnhus) Incapable (Edit) by Roisin Murphy on ( ) Sexy Black Timberlake by Channel Tres on (GODMODE) I'll Provide by Moodymann on Sinner | KDJ-48 (Mohogani Music) (Vi-Vi) Vicious Games (feat. Josh Caffe) by Paranoid London on PL ( )Television
Showing 101–200 of 557 results
Hosted Horror on Television
Patterns of American Popular Heroism
Apocalypse TV
Encyclopedia of Weird Detectives
Joss Whedon, Anarchist?
Untamed
Women in STEM on Television
Joss Whedon’s Big Damn Movie
The Subversive Zombie
Deadwood and Shakespeare
The Lone Ranger on Radio, Film and Television
Joss Whedon Versus the Corporation
Romancing the Zombie
Bebe Daniels
Mars in the Movies
Women in Game of Thrones
Art and Politics in Have Gun—Will Travel
Star Wars in the Public Square
A Guide to Television’s Mayberry R.F.D.
Television Series Regulars of the Fifties and Sixties in Interview
Star Trek as Myth
Gender and Sexuality in Star Trek
Buffy Meets the Academy
“From Beautiful Downtown Burbank”
Space and Time
Booking Hawaii Five-O
Not Just Batman’s Butler
How Zombies Conquered Popular Culture
The Literary Galaxy of Star Trek
Italian Giallo in Film and TelevisionNew 2022 Pre-Order
Welcome to Elm StreetNew 2022 Pre-Order
The Nickelodeon ’90s
Leslie Stevens Goes to Hollywood
Vikings and the Vikings
Encyclopedia of Television Pilots
Reality Simulation in Science Fiction Literature, Film and Television
Women of Science Fiction and Fantasy Television
The First Star Trek Movie
The Simpsons’ Beloved Springfield
The Politics of Race, Gender and Sexuality in The Walking Dead
Vying for the Iron Throne
Star Trek and the British Age of Sail
Growing Up with Vampires
The Complete Kay Francis Career Record
Women in Doctor Who
Gale Storm
Identity in Professional Wrestling
To Boldly Go
Giant Creatures in Our World
Doctor Who and History
Adoring Outlander
The Aircraft-Spotter’s Film and Television Companion
Pete Duel
The Comic Galaxy of Mystery Science Theater 3000
A State of Arrested Development
The Europe of 1500–1815 on Film and Television
The Monomyth in American Science Fiction Films
Joan Davis
Fan CULTure
Joss Whedon and Religion
Werewolves and Other Shapeshifters in Popular Culture
Lux Presents Hollywood
The Humanism of Doctor Who
Encyclopedia of Early Television Crime Fighters
Carnivàle and the American Grotesque
Television Game Show Hosts
Illuminating Torchwood
Lost Laughs of ’50s and ’60s Television
Kermit Culture
Nancy Drew and Her Sister Sleuths
Quinn Martin, Producer
Gilmore Girls and the Politics of Identity
The Corn Was Green
American Science Fiction Television Series of the 1950s
Sid and Marty Krofft
A History and Critical Analysis of Blake’s 7, the 1978–1981 British Television Space Adventure
Prehistoric Humans in Film and Television
An Analytical Guide to Television’s Battlestar Galactica
Watching M*A*S*H, Watching America
The Television World of Pushing Daisies
Irwin Allen Television Productions, 1964–1970
To Boldly StayNew 2022 Pre-Order
Encyclopedia of Television Miniseries, 1936–2020
Primetime 1966-1967New 2022 Pre-Order
Power and Subversion in Game of ThronesNew 2022 Pre-Order
The Many Lives of Scary ClownsNew 2022 Pre-Order
The Netflix Vision of Horror
Star Wars and the Hero’s Journey
Doctor Who and Science
Showing 101–200 of 557 resultsThe Fuel Sport Duffel is the perfect duffel bag for travelers and lifestyle users alike. The duffel's multiple compartments allow for maximum storage capacity making it great to take hiking, traveling, the gym, overnight trip and more. Its shoulder strap and Velcro- Strap handles allow for comfortable handling and optimal performance. This bag is designed to be durable and long-lasting meaning it will be around for many memories to come. The bag is made of water resistant polyester material, and also features zippered compartments and very spacious main compartment. Travel in style, and travel with ease knowing all Fuel products are backed up with a Limited Lifetime Warranty
- Large opening to main compartment with interior zip pocket; it has enough room to fit all your supplements, clothes, gear and more; Side zip spacious compartment to fit your shoes or change of clothes
- Adjustable padded removable webbed shoulder/crossbody strap (expands up to 55"); Webbed double handles with velcro enclosing strap; Side grab handle for comfort on the go
- Large front zipper pocket with inner mesh pocket for easy storage and organizaion; Eazy Glide Zipper Pulls
- Heavy duty polyester water resistant material with tough abrasion-resistant bottom
- MSRP $49.99; Limited Lifetime Guarantee; Dimensions: 17.5 by 10.5 by 10.Sosokrates
Banned
-
- Feb 22, 2017
-
- 3,645
-
- 3,216
-
- 655
People who say things like "xbox has saying they have games coming for a decade now" are acting in bad faith. Yes xbox had always over promised and undelivered. But that was back when it had like 5 studios. They used to just be rare ,mojang, 343 the coalition and turn 10. Now they have 23. Likes games ARE coming. Bethesda by itself is gonna deliver that not to mention their other dozen new studios
Games have been coming (flight sim, psychonauts 2, the ascent, 12 minites)
Also people seem to forget that these are included with gamepass, i have played all these games, but i have not played returnal or rift apart because i did not want to spend the £50-70 lump some. Of course some people will counter with "but you can resell those ps5 games after u played them a few moths later" yes i can and i have been looking on ebay for returnal, but its hassle and i have plenty to play. So for me personally, having all these games come with gamepass is a positive thing that my PS5 does not offer.
Last edited:
-“beauty in every direction”
Imagine.
Read More >
Thanks!
Your Rating
1
2
3
4
5
July 26, 2016
Nice lodge, further outside Yellowstone than I was hoping. Decent facilities.
Was this helpful?
Be the first to add a review to the Jackson Lake Lodge.
/>
Jackson Lake Lodge
101 Jackson Lake Lodge Rd
Moran, Wyoming
83013 USA
Hours not available
Problem with this listing? Let us know.
- Parking
- Pets Allowed
- Restrooms
- Wifi
- Wheelchair Accessible
- Credit Cards Accepted
- Reservations
- Takes
- Bar
- Lunch
- Brunch
- Dinner
- Breakfast
- Waitstaff
- Check In
- 4:00PM
- 11:00AM
- Rooms Count
- 385
- Bar
- Laundry
- Safe Box
- Tour Desk
- Restaurant
- Childrens Area
- Business Center
- Luggage Storage
- All Day Front Desk
- Meeting Facilities
- Outdoor Activities
Amenities, Parking, Dining
Nearby Hotels
Jackson, Wyoming
Wyoming
Teton Village, Wyoming
767857John (Trè) Kennedy practices in the areas of municipal law, business, real estate, civil litigation and personal injury. Trè grew up in Montana, graduating from Flathead High School in 1986 and Carroll College in 1991. Trè graduated with honors from Gonzaga Law School in 1999 where he was a Thomas More Scholar, member of the Gonzaga Law Review, winner of the Linden Cup Moot Court Competition and participant in the National Moot Court Competition.
In 1997–98 Trè clerked at the Oregon Court of Appeals before starting his legal career with Preston Gates & Ellis in Portland, Oregon. Trè and his family moved to Lebanon in 2006 where Trè joined the Morley Thomas Law Firm, becoming a partner in January 2011. Trè is also the City Attorney for Lebanon and Scio, Oregon.
Trè is an executive Board Member of the Boys and Girls Club of the Greater Santiam, President of the Lebanon Baseball Association, past president and member of the Lebanon Optimists, Lebanon Booster Club board member, Lebanon Fire Department Budget Committee Member, and a Rotary member. Trè was Lebanon’s Man of the Year for 2016. Trè enjoys coaching youth football, baseball and basketball, and hunting and fishing.
Representative Clients:
Rick Franklin Corporation
Albany & Eastern Railroad
City of Lebanon
Rhodes Warden Insurance
Bender Mechanical Services, Inc.
Udell Engineering & Land Surveying, LLC
City of Scio
Jimco Electrical Contracting, Inc.CBD Use for Pain Treatments: How It Works?
Cannabidiol is used widely to treat pain. Understanding CBD can help to get over the stigma that surrounds that. The cannabis plant is used to make CBD oil. This oil has been used to treat anxiety, pain, depression, and sleep problems. Due to prohibitions on the use of and study cannabis, there is insufficient data from human trials to support the advantages of CBD oil. As cannabis has become legal in more places, more researches are taking place. Using CBD oil for pain is essential.
CBD’s Effects
CBD is one of the cannabinoids, which are a group of over 100 chemicals present in cannabis. Cannabinoids are found in many plants, although they are most often associated with cannabis.
The endocannabinoid system (ECS) in the human body receives and interprets signals from cannabinoids. It generates endocannabinoids, which are cannabinoids produced by the body. Sleep, immune system reactions, and pain are all regulated by the ECS.
THC enters the body affects the brain’s endocannabinoid receptors, resulting in a “high” experience. This triggers the brain’s reward system, which releases dopamine and other pleasure compounds.
Is CBD a high-inducing substance?
CBD is an entirely distinct chemical from THC, and its effects are far more complicated. It does not cause a “high” or hinder one’s ability to work, but it does alter the body’s ability to use its own endocannabinoids more efficiently. For CBD oil for pain, you need the proper use.
CBD impacts many different receptor systems in our bodies, and it will affect the ECS when combined with other cannabinoids. CBD, for example, can raise anandamide levels in the body, a pain-regulating molecule that can decrease pain perception and enhance mood.
Cannabidiol may also help patients with pain, sleeplessness, and immune system reactions by reducing brain and neurological system inflammation.
What exactly is CBD oil?
Chemical components are found in varying amounts in different cannabis plants, such as hemp and marijuana. CBD levels are influenced by how the plant is bred. Industrial hemp, which has a greater CBD concentration than marijuana, makes the majority of CBD oil.Java Framework Shoot out
Fred Daoud has written a different take on the Language Wars trolls. This time it is about the endless war and trolling between the various web frameworks that occur on the various community websites and even between blogs.
Priceless comments:!
And I also broke out in laughter reading further:
RIFE: (starts to say something)
(somebody interrupts)
Moderator: quiet, RIFE was talking, let him finish!
RIFE: No problem, I can easily continue what I was saying.. (finishes what he was saying, using a different template syntax, er, a different accent..)
(this is of course a priceless reference to RIFE's continuations support).
To fully appreciate the discussion, read the whole framework discussion here. It'll put a smile on your face!BootDaddy Boot-A-Day Giveaway with Ariat Contest
From August 14 to September 15, 2014, PFI Western Store home of BootDaddy will be giving away a pair of Ariat boots every day through our “BootDaddy Boot a Day Giveaway with Ariat” contest. We will be choosing a new winner each morning and then contacting that person through email as well as announcing winners on the PFI Western Store website and on Facebook. Winners will be presented with the option of choosing a pair of men’s, women’s, or children’s Ariat boots valued up to $200. Ariat boots are made with only the finest materials and the latest cowboy boot design technology, increasing their toughness, durability and comfortable feel. They can be used as work boots on a ranch, riding boots for casual outings or professional competition, or they can be worn as a fashion statement to complement any outfit. Winners can select their choice of boot in colors including red, turquoise, green, blue, brown or black; toe shapes such as round, pointed, or square; and boots that are ankle-length, calf-length or knee-length.
Click here to enter the BootDaddy Boot-a-day Giveaway contest with AriatCalifornia’s legal weed industry can’t compete with illicit market
LOS ANGELES — California’s cannabis market is booming nearly five years after voters legalized recreational weed. But there’s a catch: the vast majority of pot sales are still underground.
Rather than make cannabis a Main Street fixture, California’s strict regulations have led most industry operators to close shop, flee the state or sell in the state’s illegal market that approaches $8 billion annually, twice the volume of legal sales.
Local government opposition, high taxes and competition from unlicensed businesses are complicating California’s push to build a thriving legal market. Many of those factors are baked into California law, including rules allowing city leaders to shut out licensed cannabis enterprises. Meanwhile, the state has relaxed penalties against illegal operations in the name of racial justice.
Infighting between industry groups and lobbying dysfunction in Sacramento have stalled potential legislative fixes, with no clear end in sight. The scale of those problems has California’s iconic cannabis industry — the legal side, at least — lagging behind other states that have regulated the market.
“You don’t have a real cannabis industry if the dominant portion of it has no interest in being legal,” said Adam Spiker, executive director of the Southern California Coalition, a cannabis trade association. “There’s no other regulated industry in the world that I know of that operates like that.”
Licensed cannabis shops offering legal goods are sparsely scattered across the state — there are roughly 2 per 100,000 people, one of the lowest rates in the nation among states that support legal recreational sales.
By comparison, Oregon has 17.9 retail shops for every 100,000 residents. Colorado boasts a similar ratio, and Washington state’s rate is more than triple California’s.
California has just 823 licensed brick-and-mortar cannabis shops, but close to 3,000 retailers and delivery services operate in the state without a permit, a February 2020 market analysis by Marijuana Business Daily found.
The unchecked cannabis ecosystem has caused major economic and environmental damage in California. Many of the state’s estimated 50,000 illegal cultivation sites have been found to use banned pesticides that can poison wildlife and water supplies and are believed to account for hundreds of millions of gallons in water stolen from farms and neighboring communities each year.
Law enforcement agencies in the last few months alone have broken up sprawling grow operations in the arid Antelope Valley and urban Alameda County, discovering around 50 tons of processed cannabis goods and more than 100,000 plants, a haul valued well above $1 billion.
California Attorney General Rob Bonta announced earlier this week that the state had seized 165 weapons and more than 33 tons of infrastructure like water lines and toxic chemicals after conducting close to 500 raids this year.
“The victims of illegal marijuana cultivation are many and the toll is severe,” he said during a news conference. “Families whose water supply is polluted by outlawed pesticides, exploited labor exposed to dangerous and illegal working conditions, farmers deprived of clean soil and water.”
California, like many states, has lowered its penalties on illegal marijuana businesses, a response to a disproportionate number of arrests targeting communities of color under drug criminalization. Many in the industry say they generally support criminal justice reforms, but that the current penalty of a misdemeanor and $500 fine is simply too low to dissuade illicit activity.
Unlicensed dispensaries shuttered for city code enforcement violations often pop up again, sometimes right down the street. And cultivation sites like the one raided in Antelope Valley often resume operations just days later, law enforcement officials concede.
Every state establishing a legal market has had to contend with illicit operations, but the underground market in California is far more entrenched. Many of today’s unlicensed businesses legally served customers for decades under the state’s medical marijuana laws that passed in 1996 but went underground after voters approved the recreational pot initiative Proposition 64 passed in 2016. Some operated in cities that banned weed sales, while others balked at the new regulatory fees and taxes.
The new law forced longtime business owners to make tough decisions, said Elizabeth Ashford, vice president of communications at cannabis delivery company Eaze.
“They were totally allowed under the law just minutes ago,” she said looking back to when the new regulations were established. “Did anybody really think those folks would just be like, ‘Well okay, we’re just going to close our doors’?”
California’s cannabis law lets local officials decide whether to open the door to cannabis or slam it shut. So far, most are opting for the latter.
A whopping 68 percent of California cities ban cannabis retail, including wide swaths of the Central Valley. Other areas have imposed strict caps on the number of available licenses, limiting market growth.
San Diego has just 25 pot shops for a population of 1.4 million; San Jose has 16 stores for 1 million people.
Some local officials say the industry harms children or argue dispensaries would attract crime. Others point to the difficulty of drafting ordinances, complying with strict environmental reviews and dealing with potential lawsuits from applicants who aren’t awarded licenses.
Public meetings in places like Mountain View in the Silicon Valley and Anaheim have devolved into hours-long marathons filled with protests and name calling when the topic of allowing cannabis shops comes up.
Spiker, who helps develop local cannabis regulations, said some elected officials fear a pro-cannabis stance could cost them their seats.
“Just because Prop. 64 passed in a community at say 60 percent, it doesn’t mean that the 40 percent that voted ‘no’ won’t organize a recall effort or a strenuous bid to get you thrown out of office your next election,” he said.
The dearth of retail stores — and legal shelf space — gives unlicensed businesses a large, unserved consumer base. It also contributes to an oversupply of goods produced by the state’s 6,000 licensed cultivators that has caused the price of wholesale cannabis to plummet, hurting legal growers.
“Local control has, let’s just be honest, crippled the California market and prevented it from reaching its potential,” said Hirsh Jain, founder of cannabis consulting firm Ananda Strategy.
Industry leaders say there is little chance state lawmakers will take away that power, largely due to fierce support for local control from law enforcement and city and county officials.
Citizen initiatives and Covid-related budget deficits have spurred some jurisdictions to open their arms to weed. By Jain’s count, 28 cities will open their first dispensaries in 2022 and 37 more that will pass a retail ordinance.
Businesses that manage to secure a license have another problem: competing with their unregulated competitors.
The price of cannabis products sold in legal dispensaries can be two to three times higher than nearly identical items sold in unlicensed shops, which aren’t subject to cultivation or excise taxes that drive up costs for retailers.
Some buyers see little incentive to pay more for a legal product.
“Price is the biggest motivator for consumer choice,” Ashford said. “We know that from our own data, there’s no question that if you make things less expensive people will buy them.”
The difference between the legal and the illegal is not always obvious. Underground dispensaries are often indistinguishable from licensed shops and sell similar-looking items that may be counterfeit or diverted from the legal market. Illicit delivery services are also listed right next to legitimate operators on platforms like Google and Yelp.
Regulators warn that products purchased from unlicensed retailers pose a public health risk, pointing to a rash of lung illnesses related to untested vape cartridges that killed 68 people and hospitalized more than 2,800 nationwide in 2019.
Pro-cannabis state lawmakers have tried unsuccessfully to slash the tax burden in the face of opposition from SEIU, the powerful union that helped bankroll the 2016 ballot measure. The union disagrees with the industry argument that reducing tax rates will spur growth and eventually boost tax revenue, said Robert Harris, a lobbyist for SEIU.
“I’ve never heard of an industry that didn’t say, ‘Reduce our taxes, we’ll sell more and you’ll make more,’” he said.
Leaders within the cannabis industry say finding a solution for the tax problem is their top priority for next year. Nicole Elliott, director of the state Department of Cannabis Control, telegraphed that they might get support from Gov. Gavin Newsom, who championed Prop. 64 while running for office in 2016.
“I imagine that the administration will be very happy to partner with the Legislature on those discussions,” she said.
But finding consensus on a tax plan will be challenging. There is disagreement, for instance, about whether a tax cut should happen on the cultivation or retail side.
Lawmakers and Capitol staffers say this disunity makes legislative fixes nearly impossible to pass and perpetuates the status quo. That’s a scenario the industry can’t afford, given “the overhead costs that the illegal guy doesn’t do,” Spiker warned.
“The divide between legal and illegal is too big a gap to overcome.”
Go To Source
Author: POLITICO..
For more information, see "Replication Tasks" in the Qlik Replicate Setup and User Guide.I've just made this video for my version of Coldplay's See You Soon. This song is over 20 years old, it was an EP before Parachutes came out and then feature on the Live 2003 album. Always been a favourite so gave it the SIIMON treatment and made the video based on our experience of the last year !
Cuireadh an snáithe seo sa chartlann. Cuir ceist nua má tá cabhair uait.
Firefox does not open some websites, even after resetting
I have the latest version of Firefox 27.0.1. Recently I see few of them websites (like bbc.co.uk, crucial.com) are not loading and always look to connect to the websites with the spiral circles rotating on the title bar.
I tried to reset the Firefox, using Help -> Troubleshooting Information - > Reset Firefox. Then I can open the webpage and browse to two pages and suddenly STOP (circle rotating on the title bar looking to open the link I clicked with the BBC.CO.UK/news). I DO NOT see this problem with IE, I tried pausing the kaspersky security protection and still have the problem on Firefox. I have this problem from the day I installed the latest Firefox update 27.0.1. I'm really annoyed with this and have downloaded Google Chrome to try and it work straightaway. I never had a problem with Firefox all these years (more than 10 years) and feeling sad to leave Firefox....will there be a fix for me to consider coming back to Firefox. Thanks
All Replies (3)
Hello shivba77,.
Hi Ideato,
Thanks for your reply, I have done this many times and didn't work.
Whenever I had the problem, I always use the hot keys (CTRL,Shift,Delete) to bring up the "Clear Recent History" and select everything on TIME RANGE TO CLEAR drop-down and make sure cookies and cache are checked. When i make the changes, it works for few minutes (can browse 2 or pages ) and it stops again.At a mere 2.4-inches in diameter, the Veratron GO is the smallest NMEA 2000 ...Read More »Learning Outcomes
Explain how expenses are reported on the income statement
The expenses that are deducted from gross income to arrive at net income of the business are reported on the company’s income statement. The number of expenses and types of expenses that are reported on the income statement varies widely from business to business. Large corporations such as Ford Motor Company could have pages of expenses on its income statement while a small Mom and Pop retail store may have only a handful. Key to the preparation of an accurate profit and loss statement is the “matching” of expenses to the revenues those expenses helped generate.
The matching principle is one of the basic underlying guidelines in accounting. The matching principle directs a company to report an expense on its income statement in the same period as the related revenues.
The matching principle is associated with the accrual method of accounting and adjusting entries. Without the matching principle, a company might report $10,000 of expenses in January (when it is paid) instead of December (when the expense and the liability are incurred). A retailer’s or a manufacturer’s cost of goods sold is another example of an expense that is matched with sales through a cause and effect relationship.
Let us examine how this matching principle impacts the Income Statement for a small retail company. The income statement below shows the income and expenses for Mom’s Flower Shop without matching revenue to expenses for the month of March, 20XX. The owner paid an entire year’s insurance premium of $3,650 on March 1 and deducted the entire amount as an expense from her March revenue. This gave her net income of $6,052 for the month as shown below.
As you can see, recognizing just the portion of insurance that was “used” for March, 20XX increases her net income to $9,398.00 and is a much more accurate representation of the financial performance of the business during the month.
Since net income flows to the statement of owners’ equity, it is important that managers understand the importance of this matching principal since both internal and external stakeholders will use the company’s financial statements for decision making purposes.
Contribute!
Improve this pageLearn MoreCASE STUDY 4: DA’s Mistake Leads to Assault On Wife
Curan & Ahlers brought an action in Queens County against the District Attorney’s Office on behalf of a woman who was attacked and stabbed by her husband. After the attack the police caught and arrested the man, who it turned out had shot his first wife and served five years for the crime. His current wife was assured that, with such a record, her husband would not be released under any circumstances. A short time afterwards, however, she received a phone call from her husband, and terrifed, told the District Attorney. The DA replied that this was not possible because there was no way her husband could have been released.
Afraid, the woman went home and asked a friend stay with her. She lived in a railroad apartment in Queens, New York, up a very steep flight of stairs. While she was talking to her friend her husband climbed in the back window, grabbed a large butcher’s knife, and came into the room where they were talking. He grabbed the friend and said, “Be quiet or I’ll kill you.” He then dragged her and his wife down the stairs, threw her friend out the door, and dragged his wife back up the stairs. Fortunately, at the top of the stairs she broke loose and ran through the apartment, slamming doors behind her while he broke them down trying to get to her. At street level she jumped through a window to escape but was stabbed her in the back sustaining severe injuries. The husband then escaped, but was recaptured about a week later. While she was in the hospital recovering all she could think about was that her husband would try to kill her in the hospital.
In the subsequent investigation and trial the DA stated that they had lost the husband’s file, causing the mistaken release. The judge, however, determined that this was an intentional act on their part to cover up what had happened. Curan & Ahlers won a verdict, which at the time was the highest verdict ever paid for psychiatric injuries. Most importantly, the DA had to change their policy and could no longer release a defendant who was previously involved in an assault without first notifying the person who was assaulted. Had this man’s wife been notified she would have had the opportunity to hide somewhere and avoid the attack.27 Jun 2017
Jackpot: Opel Announces Prices for New ADAM BLACK JACK
- Bold statement: ADAM with an attitude available for prices starting at €14,950
- Outstanding connectivity: Opel OnStar and its comprehensive services as standard
- Exciting infotainment: Radio CD 3.0 BT, Radio R 4.0 IntelliLink or Navi 4.0 IntelliLink
- Individualization possibilities: BLACK JACK pack for ADAM S and ADAM ROCKS S
Rüsselsheim. Opel has announced prices for its latest addition to the offer segment for small lifestyle-cars. The German carmaker will offer the new ADAM BLACK JACK – the ADAM with an attitude – for prices[1] starting at €14,950. For this entry-level price, customers receive a 51 kW/70 hp 1.2 liter gasoline engine (New European Driving Cycle fuel consumption: urban 7.2-7.1[2] l/100 km, extra-urban 4.3-4.2[2] l/100 km, combined 5.3 l/100 km; 125-124[2] g/km CO2) together with the new black designer look. Roof, exterior mirrors and for the first time also the hood are painted in elegant Black Jack. This creates a razor-sharp contrast to the rest of the sporty lifestyle mini’s body in a different color. The shade below the black hood can be individually chosen from the wide ADAM color portfolio.
“The ADAM BLACK JACK adds a new dimension to our ADAM portfolio. The one-color roof and hood line provides an iconic image – one that is unique for Opel. I am sure that the bold and almost teasing grin will win over new customers looking for a cool car,” said Peter Küspert, Opel Vice President Sales and Aftersales.
Elsewhere, ADAM BLACK JACK owners can take full advantage of an outstanding connectivity and infotainment offering. Opel OnStar[3], the personal connectivity and service assistant, is on board and subscribers can use the extensive service portfolio which includes hotel room booking[4] or parking spot locator[5] free of charge for one year. In addition, all occupants can connect their devices to the internet thanks to the powerful 4G LTE Wi-Fi Hotspot3. Opel also offers three infotainment systems for the ADAM BLACK JACK: Radio CD 3.0 BT with integrated CD player and Bluetooth audio streaming comes as standard; for an additional €350 Radio R 4.0 IntelliLink enables smartphone integration via Apple CarPlay or Android Auto including associated navigation via Apple Maps or Google Maps and the new Navi 4.0 IntelliLink offers an integrated navigation system for €850. Both of the latter systems have a 7-inch touchscreen. Audiophile BLACK JACK owners can increase sound quality even further by choosing the Infinity Sound System – it provides eight speakers (two base speakers, two broadband speakers, one midrange speaker, two tweeters and a subwoofer in the trunk) for €400.
In typical ADAM fashion, the BLACK JACK also offers lots of individualization possibilities. It can be configured completely as its own edition or combined with various design and trim options from its ADAM siblings. For example, customers who prefer variants with more performance such as the ADAM S or the ADAM ROCKS S, which both come with the 1.4 Turbo with 110 kW/150 hp (New European Driving Cycle fuel consumption: urban 7.6 l/100 km, extra-urban 4.9 l/100 km, combined 5.9 l/100 km; 139 g/km CO2) can order the BLACK JACK pack as an option (€440).
[1] All prices RRP including VAT in Germany
[2] With low-rolling-resistance tires
[3] OnStar Services (except Wi-Fi) require activation and account with OnStar Europe Ltd. Wi-Fi Hotspot Services require account with nominated network operator. All services subject to mobile network coverage and availability. Use of OnStar services (except Wi-Fi) is free of charge for 12 months from registration date or delivery of vehicle, whichever comes first. Charges apply after expiry of applicable trial periods. Check [LOCAL SITE] for service limitations and charges.
[4] Via booking.com. E-mail address and credit card required.
[5]-
: Gamble Creek Farm
Aw Snaps!
Check … the fundraise from Fosun International to hire new engineering and analytics teams. Furthermore, Kissht is keen on expanding its presence across 15 to 20 tier II and tier III cities in India such as Amravati, Vijaywada and Satara, among others.
The development comes less than five months after Kissht secured $2 Mn from Hyderabad-based early-stage venture capital firm Endiya Partners and Ventureast.
Sateesh Andra, MD of Endiya Partners stated at the time, “We have a large population, a decent number of smartphones, and bank accounts. However, while we have about 600 Mn debit cards, credit cards are only about 30 Mn in India, which is a huge gap underlining the opportunity for consumer lending companies.”
Kissht Promising Flexible EMIs Without Credit Cards
Founded in.
Once logged in on the app, users can see in-app merchant partners or choose to buy items from the Kissht store. Via the app,. Additionally, Kissht provides cash loans that can be used for house renovation, holidays, purchase of consumer durables, education, short-term loan for equipment purchase, short-term working capital, etc.
In an earlier interaction with Inc42, Kissht founder and CEO Krishnan Vishwanathan had said, “We will be a data and analytics company enabling consumers to get loans from banks and NBFCs working with us as lending partners.”
The Fosun International backed startup is currently working with 40 online partners including hospitals, clinics and alternative energy enterprises. It also has a presence in 5,000 offline POS terminals. The company claims to have a fixed rate of interest which is charged on a monthly reducing basis. Users can avail flexible return tenures of up to 60 months and repay loans in installments.
An Overview Of The Indian Fintech Space
As per 2017 edition of the NASSCOM-Zinnov report on the ‘Indian Startup Ecosystem – Traversing the maturity cycle’, fintech is one of the most promising verticals along with healthtech, ecommerce and aggregators.
The report estimates that fintech funding was towards advanced technologies such as Artificial Intelligence and Analytics. As per Inc42 Datalabs funding report for Q3 2017, deals in fintech have been growing by 23% this year.
Recently, in the third week of October, Delhi-based micro credit card provider Olly Credit raised an undisclosed amount of funding in Seed round of funding led by Incubate Fund. Two weeks prior to that, Bengaluru-based fintech startup SlicePay secured $2 Mn in a round led by Japan-based Das Capital, Simile Ventures from Russia and few undisclosed angel investors.
A month earlier, AI-based fintech firm HighRadius accrued $50 Mn in a growth funding from US-based PE firm Susquehanna Growth Equity. Around the same time, Mumbai-based fintech startup CreditVidya raised $5 Mn in a round led by Matrix Partners India and existing investor Kalaari Capital.
In the same month, Bengaluru-based Datasigns Technologies Pvt. Ltd that runs the fintech platform Shubh Loans raised $1.5 Mn Pre Series A funding from SRI Capital, BeeNext and Pravega Ventures. Other startups in the space that raised funding in recent months include Lendingkart, Capital Float and Rubique.
With the latest funding round from Fosun International and others, Kissht is preparing to strengthen its presence in the country’s fintech market, which is forecasted to touch $2.4 Bn by 2020 as per a report by KPMG.
(The development was reported by ET)Express. Home of the Daily and Sunday Express.
Site Archive
Below you will find helpful links to all articles from the Express website.
All Stories from 21st February 2012
-
- Banderas to star as Picasso
- Washington's wife has Oscar vote power
- Number of NHS senior managers drops
-
- United reveal revenue increase
- Kate pitches in at Art Room session
-
- Ramires set for new Chelsea deal
- Wolves to make move for McDermott
- Buttler and Briggs in ODI team
- McCormack frustrated by Scots snub
- Surplus boosts borrowing figures
- Driver opens up about baby's father
- Dench: 'I am not going blind'
- Airport workers extend pay strike
-
- Relatives storm Honduras morgue
- Bid to defuse Neets 'time bomb'
- Salmond buoyed by Murdoch tweet
- Napoli 3 Chelsea 1: Ezequiel Lavezzi heaps more pressure on Andre Villas-Boas
- Lamb and feta stuffed peppers
- The Brit Awards
- Timothy Spall: All At Sea
- Body Of Proof
- The Great medicine supply scandal
- We went blind within months of each other
- I conquered bulimia and I’m on top of the world
- Still giving satisfaction
- Water problem is solvable
- Good riddance to bogus creed of multiculturalism
- Why Britain must not send this man to a US prison cell
- Now I am 50
- The virtual doctor will see you now
- Helen Baxendale approached to reprise Cold Feet role
- Julia Roberts not enjoying Hollywood remakes
- Chris Addison: MPs are big fans of the Thick Of It
- Meat Loaf calls for compassion
- So do our golden oldies put the catwalk clones to shame?
- Inmarsat in £35.5m spat with partner
- JJB has its sights set on Olympic gold
- CPP’s future in doubt
- Misys mulls rival bid
- Markets rise on hopes for Greece deal
- Lloyds cuts bonuses over mis-selling loss
- My angel delight
- Chris Hoy is a real shining knight
- ‘Blue Knights’ to the rescue
- Craig Levein - Steven Fletcher impasse goes on
- Potential Old Firm title decider concerns Police
- Teen singing star signs up Elton John as her biggest fan
- £30m boost for the battle to cut toll of big three cancers
- Alex Salmond dismisses ‘border posts’ threat
- 95 years old and chipping away at life's problems...
- ‘Victim’ Suzanne was no homewrecker, murder trial is told
- It’s all points North for HQ
- Stuart Lancaster facing big decision over Manu Tuilagi
- 2,000 TA troops get Olympic call-up as terrorist fears grow
- Councils ‘waste’ £515m on CCTV in crime war
- Jennifer Lopez’s on red alert to party
- Tycoon can use tribal law to try to win back £17.5m divorce payout
- Driver trapped in car lives on snow for two months in -30C freeze as
- Exile is taking its toll on Pakistan
- Amir Khan can haul us from gutter
- Robin Van Persie can’t hold gun to our heads, says Arsenal board
- Niall Quinn bows out on a high
- Brian McDermott and Gus Poyet in Wolves boss running
- Liverpool accused of ‘incitement of racism’
- Huddersfield confirm Simon Grayson appointment
- Burnley eye summer move for Tom Heaton
- Wales want Craig Bellamy for future World Cup finals
- The multicultural society is dead declares Eric Pickles
- Border Agency split up after security fiasco
- Boy, 5, who lives as a girl
- David Haye facing 10 years in jail for Munich brawl
- Relief could be in the pipeline
- Flab to fab in three minutes
- Andrew Lansley slated by a furious pensioner over NHS reforms
- ‘Bus pass ban will help boost economy’
- TV’s Jeremy Clarkson cleared
- I may have fallen asleep at the wheel says driver in ski-trip death smash
- Rights call for dolphins
- David Cameron fights to save £7bn jet deal with India
- Get a grip, David Cameron tells EU
- £7.50 a gallon ‘in just weeks’
- Call The Midwife delivers a ratings blow to Downton toffs
- Roll up for the Stones comeback!
- Hosepipe ban within weeks
- Neapolitan trio to sing final song for Andre Villas Boas
- Chelsea squad greeted by racist abuse
- England heads know they can rule with Hart as their main man
- Only a special one can tame Manchester United beast
- Roberto Mancini keeping Carlos Tevez in the cold
- ‘Sorry’ Dereck Chisora called to Board
- Andre Villas Boas is eager for Roman Abramovich to speak up
- Sir Alex Ferguson regret that he rejected Joe Hart
- Kara Tointon and Sheridan Smith shine at awards bash
- How we slowly kiss farewell to love
- Eurozone agrees to €130 billion bailout to save Greece for the second time
- Carol Vorderman goes for 'bed-head' look which causes Twitter storm
- Newcastle face losing Demba Ba
- Kate, Duchess of Cambridge supports youngsters in need in Orla Kiely dress
- Hundreds of thousands let into Britain unchecked
- Mindy Hammond: Richard has come down with man flu
- Short story: An Old Alaska Love by Eowyn Ivey
- PM: We must have a firewall to prevent contagion in eurozone
- Toilet trouble for London 2012 venues
- Greyhounds - Tips and results 21/02/12Description
Turbo Air MST-60-24-N 60" Double Door Mega Top Sandwich Prep Table
-.
- Insulated pan cover
- 9-1/2” deep, 1/2” thick high-density Polyethylene cutting board included with convenient side rail
- Adjustable, heavy duty, PE (polyethylene) coated wire shelves
- LED interior lighting
- Refrigerator holds 33°F ~ 39°F for the best in food preservation
- Warranty: 3 Year Parts & Labor | 5 Year Compressor
Payment & Security
Your payment information is processed securely. We do not store credit card details nor have access to your credit card information.Under the conflict and bringing peace, justice and equality to the Holy Land through following the teaching of Jesus on the Kingdom of God.
During the week, participants listened to and engaged with Palestinian theologians and leaders who shared their perspective on the Kingdom of God. In addition, the conference was blessed by amazing contributions from international evangelicals, Messianic leaders, as well as others.
Subjects addressed included the nature of the Kingdom, relating to Islam in the context of the changes in the Middle East, the future of the Palestinian church, nonviolence, replacement theology, Christian Zionism, forgiveness, peacemaking, and how to love our neighbor.
Participants also had the opportunity to visit the checkpoint, Jerusalem and Hebron in order to be witness to some of the realities on the ground that are a direct challenge to peacemaking in the land and which set the context for some of the theological discussions.
Workshops included theological education, speaking on behalf of the Palestinian church, the important role women can play, confronting injustice nonviolently, engaging with the Muslim world, and reconciliation.
Participants also joined in solidarity with Palestinian Christians in Beit Jala who hold a weekly prayer meeting on their land under threat of confiscation because of the route of the Separation Barrier.
Participants were invited to adopt the Checkpoint Manifesto and be challenged to urgently:
1. Take seriously the commandment of Jesus to “love your enemies.”
2. Pray for justice, peace and reconciliation between Israelis and Palestinians; Jews, Muslims, and Christians.
3. Continue to advocate for justice, peace, equality and reconciliation until there is shalom-salaam in the land.
4. Actively encourage others from the global evangelical community to come and fellowship with the local Palestinian and Israeli followers of Jesus, become aware of the current realities, and engage in creating a greater manifestation of the church and its peacemaking role in the Holy Land.
5. Develop continuous and ongoing discussion, advocacy, and/or aworking groups that promote through education, activities, and different campaigns the Christ at the Checkpoint manifesto.
6. Support the work of Bethlehem Bible College and other ministries that are involved in peace, justice, and reconciliation.Jamaica Civil Aviation Authority rejects claims following plane crash report
The Jamaica Civil Aviation Authority (JCAA) has rejected claims by a flight school operator that the agency relied on false information in its probe into the deadly November 2016 Cessna airplane crash in Greenwich Town, Kingston.
It is also maintaining that all its investigations were carried out according to international standards.
On Monday, The Gleaner reported that Captain Errol Stewart, the operator of the Caribbean Aviation Training Centre had taken issue with the final report into the crash that killed flight instructor Captain Jonathan Worton and student pilots Danshuvar Gilmore,19, and Ramone Forbes, 17.
The report concluded, among other things, that wrong and malfunctioning parts were fitted to the engine of the ill-fated aircraft.
READ REPORT HERE: Cessna airplane crash investigation
Stewart also said a ring gear pictured in the final report was not taken from his crashed airplane and that the JCAA appeared conflicted since it was effectively investigating itself given its responsibility for the overall supervision of Jamaica’s airspace.
READ: Flight school says findings based on false information
But at a press conference this morning, JCAA chairman Phillip Henriques and director general Nari Williams-Singh, sought to rebuff those claims.
They also released a statement responding to the claims made by Stewart.
1. CONFLICT OF INTEREST
Addressing the matter of conflict of interest, the JCAA said it was disingenuous to claim that it was investigating itself since the probe was carried out in conjunction with the National Transport Safety Board of the United States of America; the aircraft manufacturer Lycoming; and the Aircraft manufacturer, Cessna.
According to Williams-Singh the inputs of the three other partners were included in the final report.
2. WRONG PART PICTURED IN FINAL REPORT
The JCAA has conceded that a starter ring gear that did not belong to the crashed Cessna was included in the final report on the Greenwhich Town plane crash. However, it has sought to explain that the referenced ring gear was attached to the engine crank shaft by the manufacturer during the investigations to determine measurements and specifications and that is how it was concluded that the engine’s internal timing was off.
IN PHOTO: Captain Errol Stewart points to wrong part pictured in report
Stewart, in highlighting that the ring gear pictured in the report was foreign, had also produced a document from his aviation loss adjusting company which concluded that mechanically, there were no issues with the engine.
However, the JCAA did not address that matter this morning.
3. FORGED WORK ORDER
The JCAA maintained that on several occasions the Caribbean Aviation Training Centre failed to provide the authorised release certificate for the engine overhaul of the crashed Cessna or a copy of the work order for the maintenance project.
It said this is why the investigator, through the National Transport Safety Board, contacted the company listed in the training centre’s log book as the repairer.
But according the JCAA, the company said it never worked on that engine rendering the overhaul documentation fraudulent.
4. REBUTTAL DOCUMENT
The JCAA has rejected a claim by Stewart that it received the flight school’s rebuttal to the crash report in October 2018.
Stewart had told The Gleaner that he sent the rebuttal to Williams-Singh and also to Transport Minister Robert Montague at that time.
But according to Stewart, Williams Singh never acknowledged receipt.
He said it was not until, February at a meeting which also involved Montague when Singh reported that he never had copy of the rebuttal and Montague gave him a copy.
This morning, Williams Singh said, since then, the document was reviewed by the crash investigator who concluded that there was nothing material and therefore would not require any adjustments in the findings or conclusions in the final report on the crash investigation.
Meanwhile, JCAA said it has noted the recommendations for critical improvements to be undertaken by several local stakeholders of the aviation sector.
"Everybody will have to strengthen and take on board the recommendations and strengthen their procedures," Henriques said.
IN PHOTO: Firefighters using foam to cool down the wreckage of the plane
The Jamaica Fire Brigade was among the agencies with adverse findings in the crash report.
According to investigators, for almost an hour, fire fighters were using the wrong foam to seek to put out the blaze on the crashed plane.
The report said, it was not until the response unit from the Tinson Pen Aerodrome arrived with the correct foam that the fire was put out in less than five minutes.
However, the Fire Brigade has taken issue with the conclusion that it was using the wrong foam, saying the report ignores the fact that fuel was constantly draining from the crashed plane and could have contributed to the rekindling of the fire.
The Brigade also noted that it takes a much long time for heated metal to be cooled when using foam as opposed to water and this too could have affected the time it took to extinguish the plane fire.
We want to hear from you! Send us a message on WhatsApp at 1-876-499-0169, email us at editors@gleanerjm.com or onlinefeedback@gleanerjm.com.Joined: Mar 29, 2014 Last Active: Nov 26, 2021 iNaturalist -
I organize and participate in the newt roadkill study near Lexington Reservoir. If you've seen photos of thousands of dead newts on iNat and were wondering about it, you can find more info here -.
On 10/2/2021 we started the first Gall Week project. I hope we'll have many more!
Some useful links -
California Oak Galls/ Joyce Gross -
Mite galls of North America -
A guide to aphid species by host plant - -Sep 17, 2020
Where Are They Now: LIME Program Alumni
Past LIME participants share their reflections about the program and touch upon how it continues to impact their lives today.
Past LIME participants share their reflections about the program and touch upon how it continues to impact their lives today.
Two Lafayette alumni talk openly and candidly about how they found a sense of belonging as they navigated their college experience.
"We need to partner with students to create newly functional and just educational practices."
Who’s in Class? form aims to help professors teach every student well
Flor Caceres ’22 spoke at an Easton Black Lives Matter rally to support racial equality and justice.
Tracie Addy and Khadijah Mitchell co-author story about building equity and inclusivity in learning environments.
Social media event challenged participants to perform a physical activity for eight minutes and 46 seconds—the length of time associated with George…
Student group creates anti-racism document to "encourage people to learn about our history, these current movements, and people’s experiences, and see…
"I am deeply sorry that for many Black members of our community, Lafayette has not lived up to our promise of being a warm and welcoming place. And for…
Lafayette students are taking a stand against systemic racism and injustice. These are just a few of the many individuals and organizations who are raising…Winter can lead to hands becoming dry and cracked. Here our top hand creams to help combat winter hands!
Sisley Confort Extrême Hand Cream With Harpagophytum- 75ml RRP $115 delicate texture is instantly absorbed. It leaves a non-greasy, non-sticky protective film on the skin. Hands regain their beauty, softness, and suppleness.
L’Occitane En Provence Hand Cream- RRP $45.00
L’Occitane En Provence’s irresistible hand creams are so necessary for the cooler winter weather. Adding a certain je-ne-sais-quoi and elegance to your winter beauty routine! These little tubes pack a nourishing punch with 20 per cent organic shea butter blended with honey to make your skin come to life again, along with almond and coconut oil fight tough cracked and chapped hands during the dryer winter months. These miraculous hand creams penetrate the skin quickly to nourish, protect and soften hands.
Available at : au.loccitane.com
Jo Malone London Geranium & Walnut Hand Cream- 50ml RRP $55
Soothe and soften your hands with Geranium & Walnut Hand Cream. Lightweight, delicately scented formula with Apricot Kernel oil absorbs quickly, leaving hands moisturised, never feeling greasy. Crisp, vibrant Geranium is layered with the warmth of Walnut. The scent was developed to complement each and every Jo Malone London fragrance.
DU’IT Tough Hands for Her- 75g RRP $9.95.
Available at:
Melissa Allen Mood Essentials ‘I Have Calm’ Hand Cream- 100ML RRP $47
Infused with 100% Natural Essential Oils, I Have Calm contains hydrating agents that harness the power of lavender. I Have Calm hand cream is a non-greasy moisturiser which helps to soothe and moisturise the skin. The cream absorbs quickly into the skin and has a subtle lavender smell. It contains nourishing and regenerating ingredients as well as antioxidants to help anti-ageing and restore elasticity and softness to help your skin look and feel younger.
Available at
sebamed Hand & Nail Balm – RRP $9.99
sebamed Hand & Nail Balm is a hand and nail balm that supports and protects the natural barrier function of the skin’s acid mantle. With the pH value of 5.5 of healthy skin and without colour additives. Restores the elasticity of the nails, making them less prone to breakage in the cooler weather. Absorbed quickly and completely, without greasy residues. Also the perfect size to slide into any handbag, to have it with you at all times!
CeraVe Reparative Hand Cream- 48g RRP $6.99
CeraVe Reparative Hand Cream moisturises.
Available at Chemist Warehouse nationally
DMS®-Hand Cream- 50ml
This hand cream protects from environmental influences and prevents chapped hands.The DMS®-hand cream stabilises the water balance in the skin and supports its regeneration. The hand cream protects from environmental influences and prevents chapped hands.
Available from:Paul Singer Feeling Philosophical About Argentina
Whatever.
It’s been six months and nine days since Elliott Management won itself a second Argentine default in 13 years. And it’s been about six weeks since the clause believed to be preventing Argentina from cutting a deal expired, with absolutely zero movement whatever towards that deal. Oh yea, and Argentina’s president appears to be having some kind of a mental breakdown to mark her final year in office, which may end with her in prison. So, to be perfectly honest, Paul Singer’s not really sure how this whole thing is gonna play out.
Paul Singer, the founder of hedge fund Elliott Management, and one of the lead holdout creditors, told his investors in a letter dated Jan. 30 that the firm remains vigilant in its pursuit of a potentially huge windfall investment in unrestructured Argentine sovereign bonds.
"Maybe this is the year that our Argentina situation gets resolved, and maybe it is not," Singer said in the letter, a copy of which was obtained by Reuters.
Argentina bondholders play old waiting game in new year [Reuters]MacDonald, Corina
ORCID:
(2020)
Datafication and Scholarly Communication.
In: Feminist and Accessible Publishing and Communication Technologies speaker and workshop series, February 5, 2020, McGill University.
(Unpublished)
Abstract
In a ‘publish or perish’ culture, scholarly communication is inextricable from the mechanisms of prestige and precarity that define and shape academic labour. Today, the labour of scholars is made valuable in new ways as informal practices of sharing research are made profitable and measurable as data. This presentation focuses on the business models of platforms such as Academia.edu and ResearchGate to explore these processes of datafication and their impact on methods and metrics of scholarly communication. The success of these platforms reminds us that scholars are not exempt from the pressures of platformed sociality and the new forms of visibility it produces.
Available Versions of this Item
- Datafication and Scholarly Communication. (deposited 10 Feb 2020 19:12) [Currently Displayed]
Repository Staff Only: item control pageWhile climate measures have sought to mitigate future climate change through reducing emission levels, efforts to adapt communities to harmful changes happening now have fallen short. Frustrated by the lethargy of national adaptation strategies, regions are employing all the tools in their power to build resilience.
On Adaptation, Loss and Damage day at COP26, regional leaders gathered at the session ‘The leading role of regions in raising ambitions for adaptation and resilience’ in the Multilevel Action Pavilion to address the elephant in the room – climate adaptation.
Extreme weather events ravaged the world this summer, with not even the most developed nations able to escape devastating impacts: 595 lives were lost to the heat dome in British Columbia, Canada, as floodwaters decimated entire towns in Germany.
Wade Crowfoot, Secretary of California’s Natural Resources Agency (CNRA), admits that adaptation measures globally have been too slow.
“[…] we’ve been able to reduce our emissions, […] but we didn’t move fast enough on adaptation. One in every fifteen acres has burned in wildfires in the last two years. My kids can’t play outside in the wildfire season due to toxic smoke.” – Wade Crowfoot
This vulnerability hasn’t gone unnoticed and regional governments have been mobilizing to build resilience within their communities. One fruit of that labor is the RegionsAdapt program. Led by Regions4, the government of Rio de Janeiro and of Catalonia, the program strengthens regional resilience through knowledge exchange, capacity building and sharing of best practices.
Regions release new report on adaptation
“We knew adaptation had to be higher on the global agenda, but also that regions needed to be recognized”, explains Natalia Uribe, Regions4 Secretary General. So far, its 76 signatory regions represent over 300 million citizens and encourage more impactful climate adaptation at the regional scale.
During the session, RegionsAdapt launched their special COP26 report, Raising ambitions on climate adaptation: Lessons learnt and contributions from regional governments, which showcases concrete, exemplary cases of how regional governments are spearheading urgently needed adaptation strategies.
The aim is not to gloat. Rather, the report strives to inspire fellow subnational governments and to highlight the unique positioning of regions as the connecting link between national and local levels. Without this link, climate adaptation plans run the risk of becoming misaligned with local needs and less effective.
That’s the danger, Maria José Sanz, Director of the Basque Center for Climate Change, (BC3), sees in the Paris Agreement’s call for a global adaptation goal. “It’s dangerous to start thinking about a top-down global goal. It needs to emanate from the bottom upwards […]It’s about local and regional adaptation plans.”
Legal instruments lead the way
Difficulty with vertical integration is not the only challenge regions are tackling. Horizontal integration will be decisive in adaptation success. The Basque Country is utilizing legal instruments to cement that integration, according to its Minister for Economic Development, Sustainability and Environment, the Rt Hon. Maria Aranzazu Tapia. Its KLIMA 2050 Climate Change Strategy seeks to align the regional government’s different departments on climate issues and intertwine measures to maximize co-benefits.
Catalonia is likewise harnessing legal instruments to ramp up its adaptation action. In 2019, it repealed the Decree 147/2009, which restricted renewable energy expansion in the region, and replaced it with the Decree 26/2019 to ensure the region meets the targets set in its 2017 Climate Protection Act. One of the improvements the Decree 26/2019 brings is simplified installation of photovoltaic systems for private households, effectively removing the need for residents to apply for a building permit to install.
“Today the average temperature in Catalonia is 1.6°C higher than baseline levels. Our seas are rising 3.3cm every 10 years.” – Pere Aragonèes
The rapid succession of new sustainability measures reflects Catalonia’s recognition of the urgency of adaptation needs to the climate crisis, stresses Hon Pere Aragonèes, President of the Government of Catalonia. Other regions are also feeling the heat. Literally. Pablo Jurado Moreno, Provincial Prefect of Imbabura, Ecuador and President of CONGOPE, a consortium of regional governments, spoke of the climate-induced droughts and forest fires in his prefect. In line with the RegionsAdapt ethos, CONGOPE is drawing on the collective knowledge of its members to build resilience against these impacts.
Nature-based and innovative solutions
Decrees and climate laws aren’t the only weapons regions are wielding. Referring to the water issues in Flanders, its Minister of Justice and Enforcement, Environment, Energy and Tourism, Hon. Zuhal Demir, outlined plans for nature-based solutions against drought. “One problem is rapid water drainage into rivers. […] We drain valuable rainwater away in winter and pump up groundwater, causing alterations in groundwater levels.”
Flanders’ Blue deal, launched in 2020, sketches out solutions to these water challenges. It supports the restoration of wetlands, as well as of rivers, to retain and filter rainwater sustainably. Measures which also reduce flood risks and create opportunities for biodiversity and for a greener, healthier living environment.
“We will work with nature, not against it” – Zuhal Demir
This use of nature-based solutions for climate adaptation and social resilience was echoed among regional leaders, including Hon. David Speirs, Minister for Environment and Water, South Australia. Like many regions, South Australia is suffering from more frequent extreme heat events. In the metropole of Adelaide, these effects render unshaded space unusable and dangerously hot. That’s why South Australia has established a grant scheme for regreening Adelaide’s inner city, explains Speirs. “As well as providing councils with funds to cool streets through tree planting, we’re supporting inner city residents in Adelaide to create green walls and roofs.”
Financial mechanisms needed to deliver just adaptation
These nature-based adaptation actions, however, urgently need finance. In a major breakthrough, the Scottish Government’s Climate Justice Fund recently granted £1 million to the Climate Justice Resilience Fund, which aims to prepare communities worldwide for climate risks and repair damages wreaked by flooding and other natural disasters, a cause that other developed countries have deemed as off-limits.
Scotland’s minister for Environment and Land Reform, Màiri McAllan MSP, acknowledges that this action goes in the right direction, but not far enough. “It’s not the amount we need, but we hope, as the first… to do this that others will follow”, she stated, reiterating Scotland’s commitment to supporting other regions adapt across the world.
“We are investing substantial funds into flood risk management and coastal change as part of our Covid-19 Green Recovery. Crucially, we also recognise our responsibility extends far beyond our own borders.” – Màiri McAllan
More funding is needed by national governments and the international community to ensure that climate adaptation is just, to ensure that no region is left behind. This is the paragon of multilevel action in climate adaptation, adds McAllan, “…supported from above, developed and implemented from below with regions, with those above providing the enabling conditions and basis for multilevel adaptation”.In Signs and wonders: Dispatches from a time of beauty and loss, Delia Falconer looks for ways to describe how modern and developed societies are increasingly captivated by nature as we wipe it out. One of the nicest offerings is ‘skying’, English artist Jon Constable’s term for the hours he spends lying on the earth, staring at the clouds he will paint later as they pass through the sky. over his head. Language lover, Falconer borrows the term to describe her long walks and amateur photography during Sydney’s first COVID lockdown.
Indeed, the entire collection, with its diary entries, images, vignettes and multipart essays, can be seen as a “skying” process. With his keen, empathetic eye, Falconer creates a moment of stillness to observe the constant, inexorable movement of the world around us: a movement toward ecological disaster caused by man-made climate change.
Fragments captured by Falconer include howling bees as their hives burn in bushfires and moaning glaciers as they melt; an off-leash dog trying to play with a fur seal; and luminous jellyfish wrung out in an attempt to bottle their sparkle. Our desire to interact with what we lose in many cases only accelerates the decline, as does the intensity of our anxieties.
Everything falls apart, including, as Falconer points out, the narrative.
The collection’s subtitle identifies it as a series of “dispatches”, evoking not only official reports, but also a necessarily uneven presentation. That’s why Falconer collects new words and experiments with form: it’s too late for a consistent account of what’s going on.
Like “skying,” other borrowed terms inform the collection on a deeper level. The respectful yet melancholy tone and unexpected approaches reflect human feelings of “solastalgia” (Glenn Albrecht) or “end sickness” (Elizabeth Rush), physical sensations felt in response to familiar environments changing around us.
A more bittersweet concept is that of the Yolngu people bir’yun, or “shimmering”, which are the interconnections and agency of the natural world without the human point of view as a foundation. In a sense, Signs and wonders is itself an act of “shimmering”, with all of its accompanying connotations of light, brilliance and clarity. The only problem is, as Falconer notes, that human impact is now almost impossible to root out even the smallest and most remote ecosystems.
Read: Theater review: Coming soon, QPAC
There are times when the relationship between the subjects seems fragile, or takes a while to become apparent, usually when the focus begins with aspects of culture and the arts. But that’s how Falconer sees the world: as a reader and a writer. His skills in these areas allow him to explore, for example, the use of light in the television show CSI: Las Vegas and change the approaches of the fictitious paragraphs in a precise and enlightening way before returning to the central concern of the work: that it is about “the charismatic phase of the environmental collapse”.
As the world rushes towards the inevitable, Falconer offers space to reflect on where we’ve been and where we’re headed – tragically -. No mitigation solution or strategy is presented, but that is not the subject of this collection. Rather, it is a simultaneous act of “skying” and “shimmering”.
Falconer herself confesses that she doesn’t know if Signs and wonders is ‘a disk or a requiem’. Maybe in the end it will be both.
Signs and Wonders: Dispatches of a Time to Beauthority and loss
Through Délia Fauconnier
Publisher: Scribner
ISBN: 9781760857820
Format: Paperback
Pages: 290pp
Release Date: September 29, 2021
List price: $ 32.99You have probably seen this article already, but for those of you, like yours truly, who had not, here is Matt Taibbi’s critique of the press coverage of the Mueller investigation. Taibbi writes in Rolling Stone, so we add his name to the list of honorable liberals like Stephen Cohen who saw through the charade and were willing to counter the leftist propaganda machine.
Taibbi opens with a quotation from the Barr summary. By now, the reptilian Democratic masses are saying that we cannot count on a summary, but don’t they realize that the body of the report will one day be exposed, and thus, that Barr and with him Rosenstein would be beyond stupid if they had distorted the conclusions.
“[T]he investigation did not establish that members of the Trump Campaign conspired or coordinated with the Russian government in its election interference activities.”?”
Two important points stand out here. First, that the press and the Democratic Party were hawking the story that Donald Trump was a Russian agent. It was so stupid and so implausible that leftist voters assumed it must be true. They seem completely to have ignored the proper way to evaluate such claims, by looking at administration policy toward Russia.
The press reached a new level of journalistic ignobility by presenting its story as gospel truth, without any questioning, without any doubt:ussia!
And, in the “hoist with his own petard” area, the press made a fatal mistake in elevating Robert Mueller to the status of a superhuman being who knew truths that the rest of us could merely guess at:.”
Thus, they are in no position to dispute Mueller’s findings. This does not prevent them from disputing Mueller’s findings, because, they have no integrity.
Addressing the matter of obstruction of justice, and especially the matter of Mueller’s refusal to decide whether Trump should be indicted for it, Taibbi adds this salient point:
Barr’s letter includes a telling detail from Mueller himself on this issue (emphasis mine):….
As it happens, Mueller is now being trashed as … you guessed it… a Republican, thus biased:
After all the insistence that we put our trust in St. Mueller because he “knows all,” the new story suddenly is that Mueller all along didn’t know and didn’t try to know. The Atlantic’s take was, “Mueller, a career G-man, is fundamentally legally conservative,” which means “he has a narrow view of his own role.”
Therefore, despite the fact that Mueller didn’t determine he had evidence for a charge, we can “infer his conclusions by reviewing how he marshaled the evidence for and against guilt.”
Now what? Voices on the political left are now reduced to having to win an election. And perhaps to find a better candidate than the incompetent fraud whose claim to fame was being America’s leading enabler of sexual harassment:.”
The mainstream media ran with the story, and hyped it to the Heavens, because it was good for business. It got ratings. As you know, ratings over at CNN and MSNBC fell significantly after the Barr summary was reported:.
So, for the left, it’s back to democracy. Heaven forfend:
[Chris].
The blow to the integrity of many news organizations stings. And it will undermine their credibility at the same time that it enhances President Trump's:?
A sad and pathetic story, well explained by Taibbi.
9 comments:
I hope Trump's last act as president is to pardon those whose only crimes were created by Mueller's investigation.
Leftism is form of madness; it is imaginary hysteria fueling and fueled by high moral dungeon and amour-propre. It manifests as derangement. It's a movement against the use of reason.
And all of it can be traced back to once source: Ithaca is the source of all evil. Every bad idea, every impossible and impractical notion of reality, every preposterous ideology, they all track back to Ithaca.
What you are seeing in public is the rot that comes from Ithaca encountering the actual reality of the existent world and the people in it.
Ithaca delenda est. Ithaca delenda est. Ithaca delenda est.
I've always hated Taibbi's guts, but I've got to hand it to him on this. He may be a left-wing lunatic, but he's an honorable left-wing lunatic.
Matt Taibbi: the next Bernard Goldberg or Sharyl Atkisson or Lara Logan or . . .
Sooner or later a lot of them see the light.
"while not determinative, the absence of such evidence bears upon the President’s intent..."
Delightful...
"Prosecutors necessarily weigh a number of factors before bringing charges. There are obvious considerations, like the strength of the evidence, especially regarding intent."
--- James Comey, 7/5/2016, re Clinton e-mail server and classified leaks (emphasis added)
:-D
"And all of it can be traced back to once source: Ithaca is the source of all evil. Every bad idea, every impossible and impractical notion of reality, every preposterous ideology, they all track back to Ithaca."
Ubu - this isn't your first rant about "Ithaca". Would you mind clarifying the source of your intense ire?
Upstate New Yorkers wanna know.
-shoe
Yeah, Ubu; I'd like the backstory on Ithaca, too. I've never been to Ithaca, or near it, so I have nothing, zero, zip, nada, to go on. Please to explain.
Sit, Ubu, sit.
I’d like to know about Ithaca, too...Interim report January – March 2020
A strong quarter with additional acquisitions
January – March 2020
- Net sales increased by 37.6 percent to SEK 1,676 (1,218) million. Organic growth, adjusted for currency effects, was 11.4 (5.8) percent.
- EBIT increased to SEK 120 (90) million which corresponds to an EBITA margin of 7.1 (7.4) percent.
- Cash flow from operating activities for the period was SEK 131 (122) million.
- 3 acquisitions were made during the period, which, on an annual basis, contribute an estimated total sales of SEK 165 million.
- Earnings per share for the period amounted to SEK 1.65 (1.37).
Instalco had a strong quarter, despite the difficult situation we face throughout the world from the COVID 19 pandemic. Sales in the fourth quarter were SEK 1,676 (1,218) million, which corresponds to a growth rate of 37.6 percent, where 11.4 percent was organic growth. Adjusted EBITA for the first quarter was SEK 131 (92) million, which corresponds to an adjusted EBITA margin of 7.8 (7.6) percent. Order backlog has remained stable and at the end of the quarter, it amounted to SEK 5,215 (4,391) million, which corresponds to an increase of 18.8 percent.
Relatively unaffected
The Corona crisis has not hit the construction and installation sector quite as hard as it has other sectors. We've been able to keep our workplaces open. We've also been able to deliver materials to our various ongoing projects and assignments as usual. We are, nevertheless, concerned about the situation and we are taking it very seriously. We expect that our contracts and service will, in some way, be affected. We are preparing for a variety of scenarios and, in all likelihood, we are going to notice the effects, even though, thus far, we have not noticed any significant impact.
What we have noticed, however, is a higher rate of sick leave during the month of March. In Norway and Finland, for example, we have also had employees who have needed to stay home to care for their children because the schools and daycare centres have been closed. We have noticed a bit of a downturn with service assignments, since people have been reluctant to invite others into their homes and workplaces during this pandemic. And for the same reason, there has been a slight decline in assignments at residential property, such as pipe replacement work.
It is very difficult to assess the market and in all sectors, there is a very high level of uncertainty about the future. At Instalco, we are planning and preparing for the impact that is likely to occur in our sector. Instalco has a wide product portfolio and many subsidiaries with strong local ties. Because of that, we have a flexible structure for adapting to fluctuations in the market.
Collaboration is a key success factor for Instalco and going forward, there will likely be even more focus on collaboration within the Group as a means of coping with the current situation. We are going to need to be more responsive and flexible so that together with our customers, we can solve problems and cope with all kinds of situations that could arise.
Acquisition plans continue
Instalco has a strong financial position for the future. We are continuing to sign new contracts for new installation jobs, both large and small. We are also still engaging with several acquisition candidates as planned. Our acquisition pipeline is unchanged and we are steadfast in our pursuit of expected annual sales in the range of SEK 600-800 million, which we feel certain of achieving.
We have also started out the year in accordance with our acquisition plan. In Sweden, geographic expansion has continued with the acquisition of the electrical installation company, ELUB in Växjö, which means that Instalco is now, for the first time, represented in Kronoberg County. In Norway, we strengthened our position in Innlandet County, with the acquisition of Haug og Ruud in Lillehammer. The acquisition brings Instalco one step closer to becoming multidisciplinary in the region.
I would also like to proudly emphasize Instalco’s collaboration with NCC and Region Sörmland in a major hospital project. We have six Instalco companies participating in the project under the leadership in Rörgruppen and Ohmegi. It is Instalco’s largest project to date, where hospitals in Eskilstuna, Katrineholm and Nyköping will be expanded and modernised. The project will be ongoing during the period 2020-2026 with an order value of approximately SEK 700 million, the majority of which will be reported in order intake for the second quarter of 2020.
Construction sector fuels progress in society
To cope with this pandemic, it is of utmost importance that society keeps functioning as usual, to the largest extent possible. The construction sector currently accounts for a large portion of GDP and it is important that the sector remains strong so that it can continue fuelling progress in society. We need to keep the ball rolling in society and make sure that industrial activity does not come to a standstill.
I very much encourage public sector authorities at the state, regional and municipal levels to revive and pursue all prior projects that have been planned, allocate assignments and place orders. For example, now is an ideal time for completing renovation work at high schools, colleges and universities that are currently closed. It would also be very beneficial to schedule earlier starts on construction projects that are currently in the pipeline. Politicians should, during this crisis, be investing even more in construction and infrastructure such that we can, to the greatest extent possible, minimise the damage that this is having in society and on our economy.
Report presentation
Instalco’s CEO Per Sjöstrand will present the report in a conference call/audiocast today 7 May at 14.00 CET. Dial-ins for participants:
SE: + 46 8 566 426 93
UK: +44 333 300 92 71
US: + 1 833 526 83 81
The presentation can also be followed at
This information is information that Instalco is required to disclose under the EU Market Abuse Regulation. The information was made public by the contact person listed below, on 7 May 2020 at 11:00 CET.
For further information:
Per Sjöstrand, CEO, per.sjostrand@instalco.se, 070-724 51 49Fahrrad leasing ohne arbeitgeber
07/07/ · Best Trading Platforms for Beginners Here are the best online stock trading sites for beginners: TD Ameritrade – Best overall for beginners. Fidelity – Excellent research and education. Robinhood – Easy to use but no tools. E*TRADE – Best web-based platform. Merrill Edge – .. 07/06/ · Top 10 Beginner Forex Trading Platforms bundestagger.de Has The Best Forex Platforms For Beginner Traders. bundestagger.de is a global Forex and CFD market maker broker Plus Platform Has The Best CFD Products For Beginners. Plus is Estimated Reading Time: 10 mins. 10/01/ · To help point you in the right direction, below you will find a selection of the very best trading platforms of 1. eToro – Overall Best Trading Platform Upon researching hundreds of online providers, we found that eTorois one of the best trading platforms to consider
Mobile, Tablet or Desktop. SMC offers SMC ACE WEB— Re-defining Trading on Browser Based Platform. SMC introduces Advanced Browser Based platform i. SMC ACE Web which gives you all market related information in a hassle freeway with informative market watch with quick links to access trade related reports. Also, it gives you power of Advance Chart from Chart IQ, one of the leading advance chart solution providers in the world.
SMC also provides a robust desktop application based trading platform called SMC Privilege which is meant for clients who are actively involved in the stock market and do heavy intraday trading. SMC ACE WEB is the browser based platform developed on latest HTML5 technology which can be accessed on Desktop, Smart Phones and Tablets. Browsers supported – I. SMC Easy Trade is the browser based platform developed on latest HTML5 technology which can be accessed on Desktop, Smart Phones and Tablets.
This unique trading tool, based upon technical and quant research, guides you with fast and rich analysis of market to help you trade like a smart trader. Its user-friendly features can prove to be a game changer for all your trading needs. These auto-trade systems trade on your account and free you from the hassle of trading of day-to-day and improve trading performance.
As our partner, you get priority access to the online transaction platform, research reports, expert analysis, and financial planning tools to assist your clients and to manage their investments.
Is holiday capitalized
Learn the basics with our guide to how day trading works. NerdWallet’s ratings are determined by our editorial team. The scoring formulas take into account multiple data points for each financial product and service. Tiers apply. Commission-free stock, options and ETF trades. Website can be difficult to navigate. Commission-free stock, ETF and options trades. Interactive Brokers attracts active traders with per-share pricing, an advanced trading platform, a large selection of tradable securities — including foreign stocks — and ridiculously low margin rates.
NerdWallet users who sign up get a 0. Complex pricing on some investments..
Mutual funds and bonds aren’t offered, and only taxable investment accounts are available. Still, if you’re looking to limit costs or trade crypto, Robinhood is a solid choice.
Wie funktioniert bitcoin billionaire
Including CFDs for FX, cryptocurrencies, indices, commodities, stocks and ETFs from around the world. Our Web Trade Platform is intuitive to use, but also gives access to more advanced tools for more advanced traders. All the functions needed to trade and easily manage your investments are available also on mobile version of our app. We have an app for both iOS and Android. Our trading platform is also available in the Desktop version, which has the same functionalities as the WEB version.
You can install it on devices with Microsoft Windows and Mac computers. You can adapt their appearance to your trading methods, to even more effectively respond to changes in the market. Easily estimate costs, profits or losses before opening the position thanks to built-in trading calculator. Modify SL and TP levels directly on the chart or close all open positions with only one button. Our award-winning analysis team will keep you close to key breaking news.
Economic calendar make you ready for upcoming macroeconomic events. Follow how XTB clients around the world position themselves on individual markets.
Vr trade show
OPEN AN ACCOUNT. Your invested capital is at significant risk. Home Products Currencies Metals Energy Commodities Agricultural Commodities Indices Options Trading Hours Live Currency Rates CFDs FAQs Platforms Web Trading easy-forex on Mobile MT4 Forex Platforms Comparison Learn New to Forex Forex Training Videos Demo Account Forex eBook Forex Events Trading Simulator Forex Articles FAQ Forex Glossary Tools Live Currency Rates Trading Hours Fundamental Analysis Technical Analysis Charts Financial Calendar Dealing Room Inside Viewer Trade Controller SMS Alert Service Interest Rates Table Currency Rates Matrix World Time About Us Why easy-forex?
Login New User Sign Up Your invested capital is at significant risk. Please enter your User Name and Password. Remember me. Forgot Password? Log in to our NEW platform, easyMarkets using your easy-forex Username and password. Please enter username. Please enter a valid user name. Please enter a valid password. Please enter a password. Log in failed!
Www wertpapier forum
Are. You can have TradingView for free ; it is a review winner for our Best Free Charting Software Review , so you cannot go wrong.
Day trading algorithm software
We introduced online trading in and we were the first to offer tools like dealCancellation, Freeze Rate and Inside Viewer. Start Trading Today. Friendly to new clients with a lot of features for experienced traders. You also receive easyMarkets free guaranteed stop loss, no slippage, fixed spreads and no funding or withdrawal fees. Made a mistake? Undo It! Allowing you to undo your trade and reclaim your losses. Ever wonder what other traders are doing?
This great tool gives you a deeper understanding of market sentiment by showing you what percentage of traders are buying and selling. Markets constantly move.
Kann man rechnungen mit kreditkarte bezahlen
27/07/ · Their trading platform is called ‘Trader Terminal” which provides optimal user experience. 5Paisa Trader Terminal is designed keeping easy access to all offerings of 5Paisa Some of the key features of TT are. 05/08/ · Some easy tips to get the best trading platform. Source: bundestagger.de Geographical restrictions. As far as it is concerned with picking up the best in class trading platform from over the internet, there are several important factors we have to keep in mind. One such important factor that can help you in making a choice very quickly is geographical restrictions. Yes, you need to consider if the .
Use our interactive finder for the best UK Stock, Forex, CFD, Crypto, Social or Day Trading Platform that meets your needs. Here at TradingPlatforms. This includes trading platforms that offer the best fees and commissions, the most diverse asset classes, and of course — the strongest regulatory standing. Below you will find a quickfire list of the top trading platforms to consider in Scroll down to read our full review of each free trading platform provider!
Your capital is at risk. The risk of loss in online trading of stocks, options, futures, currencies, foreign equities, and fixed income can be substantial..
With hundreds of providers active in the online space, choosing the right free trading platform for your needs is no easy feat. For example, not only does the platform need to have a great reputation and support your chosen financial market — but it also needs to offer competitive fees and top-notch customer support.
You also need to consider metrics surrounding trading tools and features, educational resources, and chart reading indicators.When I tell people that I really love doing couples, premarital, and marriage counseling, I typically receive one of two responses:
“Wow, good for you! I can’t imagine doing that.”
or
“That’s tough. I went through/knew of someone who got divorced after marriage counseling.”
I get it. There is something about working within the most important relationships in our lives that gets people a little on edge. Sure, there are other important relationships, like with our children and our friends. But none with stakes quite as high as our partners. Our partners are in our everyday lives. As important as children are to us, they eventually grow up and live on their own. Our partners, on the other hand, we’re with day in and day out until one of us dies. There’s a reason we call them our significant other. If they weren’t so significant, we’d just call them our other. Or, that person over there. Let’s face it, how we relate to them matters.
It can be scary to not only recognize that such a significant portion of your life is struggling, but that it also needs more help than you can do alone. Reaching out for individual therapy can be vulnerable, so reaching out for two people, doubly so. There are a lot of fears and frustrations people have, and I’d like to share a few things to help you both know my approach, but also to relieve some of the pressure in case you need a little boost to reach out to someone for help.
I’ve gathered these fears and frustrations from people I’ve spoken to over the years.
Three common fears about the outcome of couples therapy:
- We’ll get divorced/split up. This must be the number one fear, from my experience. There is truth to it, too, which I think really lights people up. There is a risk of separation or divorce when you come to marriage counseling. Just like there is if you don’t. I think what made couples counseling get such a tough reputation is that people often wait until they are ready to divorce to reach out for help. At this point, the odds of a breakup are high. It’s not impossible, as I’ve seen couples come back from the brink. That happens, though, because they choose for it to. When a relationship is truly over in the heart of one or both partners, there is little a therapist can do to change that. We aren’t in the business of changing hearts. We’re here to help you align your life and mind with your heart and values.
- Nothing will change. Also high up there, the fear that once therapy completes, they’ll return to the status quo. This is also possible and is a fear for a reason. Humans are creatures of habit, and they’ll eventually revert to what feels natural if they aren’t putting in constant effort toward new behavior for at least two years. You read that right, folks. It takes at least two years of constant effort to create a new, more connected, more positive status quo. So no, a few months of therapy will not undo fifteen years of discord in a relationship. But a few months of therapy combined with constant effort, openness, and willingness… that can change things.
- Everything will change. Isn’t that the trick, though? We want change so badly, but then we often end up deeply fearing the actual process or experience. What if everything changes and I no longer recognize my partner? What if they no longer love me, or I no longer love them? What if our new normal isn’t the normal I thought I signed up for? Can’t they just go back to who they were when we met? Well, can you? You are an imperfect human trying to create a life with another imperfect human. Change can be scary, unknown, and sometimes a little painful. But if you’re really committed- if you really want to spend your days with your partner, then you’ll love whoever they are today and you’ll make efforts to adjust your sails together as you each grow. They’ll need to do the same. I can’t promise you can go back to how it was when you fell in love – in fact, I can near-promise it won’t. If you’re really in this for life, together, I do believe you can create a new relationship, despite the fear.
Three common frustrations, sometimes born out of fear and unfortunately others, out of an experience, about the couples counselor or process:
- The counselor will take sides. They’ll believe everything my partner is saying, I’ll be the bad guy, and “couples counseling” will really be just about trying to fix me. Sometimes people actually want a therapist to take sides, but in that case, they want the side taken to be theirs, not that of their partner. Nobody wants to be the “wrong one.” And frankly, I don’t believe relationships can ever be just one person’s problem. Even if one person has done the primary betrayal, the other person has participated in the relationship getting to the place it was. It may not always be 50-50, but it is typically pretty close. The approach I take is to not be on either party’s side but on the side of the relationship. Sometimes that means I’m a little harsher on Person A for a session or two, but then it typically switches and the heat is on for Person B. It’s not about who is right. The moment that is the focus, the relationship suffers. It’s more important to be on the lookout for what is best for the relationship as a whole. Find a therapist who will fight for your relationship, you can search for them on the website Marriage Friendly Therapists.
- It will be one way in the office, and another way at home. I often hear this, that one person will misrepresent themselves or their partner in therapy. Maybe at therapy, they’re understanding, open, and honest, but at home, they’re closed emotionally and dig in their heels. This happens sometimes- that’s okay. Try and remember that therapy is a practice ground, with the hope that eventually what is practiced will come home with you. Unfortunately, yes, that means both people have to be conscientious about bringing the good home. If you find yourself stuck, find words that are both kind and honest to share in counseling that you’re seeing a pattern. Not only is that good practice for you, but also that way your counselor can help you break down barriers and come up with solutions.
- It’ll just be a waste of time. Some couples express this as their frustration. They go to therapy, argue it out, then go home angrier than they came. Nothing gets accomplished, nothing changes. This certainly can happen, and sometimes hashing out an argument can help clarify the pattern you’re stuck in and encourage you to listen differently. Let’s talk about a few things that will keep your therapy focused:
- Spend some time in advance thinking about what you think the problem is. Hint: it’s not your partner. If you think it is, okay. Also, come up with what is your responsibility. Do so before each session, with the goal of looking for patterns between you that need mending. This way once you’re in the room, you can express a few hopes you have for that day.
- Seek out skills to use at home. Marriage counseling is a combination of processing hurts and increasing skills to change patterns, like improving communication, friendship, and fair fighting. Most of the skills I recommend come from Mindfulness and The Gottman Institute. It may be worth looking around at the different modalities therapists use, and finding someone who aligns closely with what you think would work best for you. There are so many books out there- ask for some recommendations that will support your work and read through them as a team effort with your partner.
- Plan on doing homework every. single. day. One hour once per week in therapy will not undo the many hours of interactions between. You must take what you learn in counseling home and put it to practice, then come back and discuss what worked and what didn’t so your counselor can make adjustments to the plan. Remember that you’ll need to put some effort forth every day for the next several years as a start, then for the rest of time, thereafter. This is a commitment to the health and happiness of you, your partner, your relationship, and anyone else involved (like kids, furr babies, etc). It will be tough, but it can also be worth it.
Relationships require that you each take care of yourselves, one another, and the relationship itself. You can do this. Reach out for help when you need it (preferably, long before you contemplate divorce!).
DZack Snyder’s Justice League has been hailed as a ‘masterpiece’ in first reviews, with the four-hour marathon on its way this week.
Following the release of the widely-criticised DC movie in 2017, which saw Joss Whedon brought in for reshoots after Snyder left the production due to personal reasons, fans began the #ReleaseTheSnyderCut campaign.
Four years after the release of Justice League, it seems their determination has paid off, with many blown away by the new cut.
Variety has dubbed it a ‘knockout’ and ‘more than a vindication of Snyder’s original vision,’ while critic Kevin McCarthy has gone a step further, describing it as a ‘masterpiece’.
He added: ‘Snyder brings his brilliant technical & emotional storytelling to an awesome continuation of what he beautifully built in MAN OF STEEL & BvS. Great mix of soundtrack & score. 1.33 aspect ratio is incredibly immersive. Loved R-Rating.’
Critic Scott Menzel added: ‘Snyder’s Justice League is one of the best superhero movies ever made.
‘The long awaited cut lives up to the hype & feels unlike anything we’ve seen in this universe before. Each character is fully realized & gets their moment to shine & kick some ass.’
Meanwhile, ScreenRant writer Andrew Dyce said it’s ‘guaranteed to inspire the future of fantasy blockbusters.’
Collider editor Steven Weintraub added: ‘.’
However, not everyone is impressed, with the Hollywood Reporter’s review describing the movie’s soul as ‘unimproved’ and Entertainment Weekly branding it ‘just as bad and twice as long’.
The latest version of Justice League cost an estimated $70 million (£50 million) to rework.
The director previously revealed that he would not be using any of Whedon’s footage in the film.
Meanwhile, his wife Deborah, who is also a producer on the film, advised him not to watch Whedon’s version which was heavily criticised by fans.
She explained: ‘It was just… it’s a weird experience. I don’t know how many people have that experience. You’ve worked on something for a long time, and then you leave, and then you see what happened to it.’
Zack Snyder’s Justice League is set for release on March 18 on HBOack Snyder’s Justice League leaked on HBO Max just days ahead of release date due to service error
MORE : Ryan Reynolds sets record straight on Green Lantern cameo rumours ahead of Zack Snyder’s Justice LeagueThe first home of your dreams.
Don't let your inexperience hold you back.
We get it.
Buying your first property is tough. How much is a property really worth? How do you deal with competing with more mature, experienced home buyers who maybe have equity in another home or are cashed up from the sale of another property? How do you even begin to bid at an auction?
These are all very real and fair concerns first-time buyers must contend with when looking to crack into the market.
Property is one of those things in life where everyone has an opinion. From the folks to your friends and neighbours, everyone has a different view on what makes a property good or bad and everyone will be all too willing to impose those opinions on you.
They think they’re helping, but sometimes they might be confusing you.
That begs the question, who can you trust?
A buyer’s advocate, like Eclipse Property Advisory, brings experience, level-headedness and clarity to the home buying experience.
So, how does Eclipse Property Advisory do it?
Understand Before we can start finding the perfect debut property for you, we need to understand your lifestyle, your interests, your plans and of course your budget. These insights set the stage for our search.. If it’s out there and fits the criteria, you’ll know about.
Inspect One of the most daunting aspects of buying property is the sheer volume of properties you need to inspect to get a true appreciation for what’s out there. Perhaps the most nerve-wracking part of any first property purchase, negotiation and bidding can be difficult to get right. Thankfully for you, Eclipse Property Advisory has literally helped buy and sell hundreds of properties for our clients. Once we’ve whittled down our shortlist to your preferred properties, our team will handle negotiations or bidding - depending on the type of sale - with your budget in mind.
Post-Purchase Support Our service doesn’t stop with your Insta-ready snap is the absolute best. As a time-poor, impatient first home buyer, Ying could not have made the process of securing my first place easier. I commenced the process alone and increasingly found myself becoming more frustrated, despondent and feeling like I would never find a property I liked and could afford. And then Ying came in to the picture. She is unbelievably organised, efficient and an excellent communicator. She takes time to understand what you're after in a property with no judgement.
She helped me find an off-market property that I otherwise would have never of had the opportunity to view that fit my brief perfectly and was in my price range. She also negotiated a great price and a long settlement which will enable me to keep saving. For all the house hunters out there, particularly the first home buyers who are not enjoying the process at all, I cannot highly recommend Ying enough. You will not regret engaging her.”
- Liana K
“I was referred to Ying by friends that had used her services to purchase their first home last year. I was on a deadline to buy something due to being on the first home deposit scheme, so I decided to get some professional help with My purchase. Ying was fantastic to work with and helped me secure an off market apartment In port Melbourne In a tightly held development which settles next month! I love my new home AND we made the deadline :)”
- Claire QAbstract
Low socioeconomic status (SES) is associated with earlier onset of age-related chronic conditions and reduced life-expectancy, but the underlying biomolecular mechanisms remain unclear. Evidence of DNA-methylation differences by SES suggests a possible association of SES with epigenetic age acceleration (AA). We investigated the association of SES with AA in more than 5,000 individuals belonging to three independent prospective cohorts from Italy, Australia, and Ireland. Low SES was associated with greater AA (β = 0.99 years; 95% CI 0.39,1.59; p = 0.002; comparing extreme categories). The results were consistent across.WATCH: How strangers are helping to save man's best friend from neglect and abuse
Share this article:
Rachael Sylvester wants to transform humanity – starting with a dog’s life. The sheer number of strays on the street troubled her, especially when so many people have the ability to assist. In 2014, Sylvester established Sidewalk Specials, a foster-based organisation that saves canines from neglect, abuse, and euthanasia.
Based in Cape Town, the initiative doesn’t operate from a shelter but rather an extensive network of temporary homes. Sylvester relies on the kindness of strangers to take in rescues until they find permanent families. This system eliminates additional costs and reduces the stress on animals who would otherwise be placed in overcrowded shelters.
“We're the Uber for dogs,” Sylvester explains.
For some strays, these short-term sanctuaries have become forever homes. Ralph, a playful pup with a sweet demeanor, was found emaciated and with a broken leg. Appearing beyond help, he was scheduled to be put down. “But nothing is hopeless,” Sylvester says.
Through Sidewalk Specials, Ralph was introduced to a loving foster family who have since adopted him. The now happy and healthy dog has become an integral part of his new home. “His story is one of many but it will not be the last,” Sylvester says.
To prevent more dogs from being born into neglect, Sylvester organises mass sterilisations. Every outreach drive lessens the heartache on the streets. And for strays who’ve already produced a litter, there’s still a future.
With the help of strangers who open their hearts and homes, Sylvester is reshaping the lives of Cape Town’s canines and encouraging empathy in society.
“Doing this really makes me feel like there’s hope for animals and people,” she says. “We can't save every mistreated dog, but we certainly can try.”Description 32 mm
Eye Relief 14 mm
Exit Pupil 3.2 mm
Linear Field of View 340 feet/1000 yards
Angular Field of View 6.5 degrees
Close Focus 6 feet
Interpupillary Distance 57-73 mm
Height 11.1 cm / 4.4 inches
Width 11.6 cm / 4.6 inches
Weight 450 grams / 15.Oprah sells Gustav Klimt painting for US$150 million -- making a US$62 million profit
Article content
Oprah Winfrey has reportedly sold a Gustav Klimt painting for US$150 million.
The former talk show host closed a deal with a Chinese buyer on the Austrian painter’s Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II last year, according to Bloomberg.
Should the transaction be confirmed, it would be one of the most expensive private art deals made in 2016.
Winfrey purchased the artwork for US$87.9 million back in 2006 at Christie’s in New York, meaning she would have made herself a tidy US$62 million profit in a decade on the piece. Art dealer Larry Gagosian, who is believed to have negotiated the deal, has not yet commented on the report.
Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer II was painted in 1912 by Klimt and depicts Adele Bloch-Bauer, a refined art-loving Viennese salon lady, a patron and close friend of the artist.
The canvas was part of an art cache looted by the Nazis during World War II, and was restituted by the Austrian government to Bloch-Bauer’s heirs in 2006. The ensuing legal battle over the works inspired Woman in Gold, a 2015 movie starring Helen Mirren and Ryan Reynolds.
In the fall of 2014, Winfrey gave Adele Bloch-Bauer II on a special long-term loan to the Museum of Modern Art in New York before temporarily loaning it the Neue Galerie New York for the exhibition Klimt and the Women of Vienna’s Golden Age, 1900-1918, which ran until January.
Winfrey, one of the wealthiest women in the world, with a net worth of an estimated $2.9 billion, is an avid art and antique collector. The 63-year-old has previously held two charity auctions of her collections, in 2013 and 2015, with the sales including lots of English, French, and continental furniture, decorative arts, paintings, prints, drawings, porcelain, crystal, silver, memorabilia, clothing, and accessories.
tap here to see other videos from our team.Aung Myo Htet had always dreamed of being a soldier, and had attained the rank of captain. But when he joined the army in Myanmar, he had thought he would be defending his country, not fighting — and losing — pitched battles against his own countrymen.
In June, he was sent to the front lines in Kayah State to subdue resistance fighters and armed protesters opposing the generals who seized power in a February coup. Three of his fellow soldiers were killed, said Aung Myo Htet, 32.
“Seeing the casualties on our side made me feel so sad,” he said. “We were fighting and sacrificing ourselves for the general’s sake and not for the country.”
On Oct. 7, he walked off his base and joined the country’s Civil Disobedience Movement, a nationwide effort aimed at restoring democracy and bringing down Senior Gen. Min Aung Hlaing, the man behind the coup. At least 2,000 other soldiers and police officers have done the same, part of a broader campaign to weaken the Tatmadaw, Myanmar’s most notorious institution.
The defectors are a small percentage of the Southeast Asian nation’s army, which is estimated to number between 280,000 and 350,000. But they appear to have struck a nerve, and to have contributed to a growing crisis of morale among the troops. The army is struggling to recruit. It has recalled all retirees, threatening to withhold pensions if they do not return. Wives of soldiers say they are being ordered to provide security for the bases, in violation of military law.
For the first time in its 67-year history, the Myanmar Defense Services Academy, the country’s equivalent of West Point, was not able to fill the seats for this year’s freshman class.
“Never have we seen defections at this level,” said Moe Thuzar, the co-coordinator of the Myanmar Studies Program at the Institute of Southeast Asian Studies in Singapore. “What we’re seeing since February is this steady trickle of people leaving, and also publicly stating their support for the C.D.M. That’s unprecedented.”
General Min Aung Hlaing still has the loyalty of his top officers, and there are too few defectors to topple the Tatmadaw. But those who are leaving are being quickly embraced by the resistance. Four of Myanmar’s armed ethnic organizations, which have battled the Tatmadaw since the country became independent from Britain in 1948, have offered food and refuge and the opportunity to combine forces.
“Their seasoned military experience has been invaluable for our armed resistance,” said Naing Htoo Aung, Secretary of Defense for the National Unity Government, a group of deposed leaders that has declared itself Myanmar’s legitimate government and that has been tracking the growing number of defectors. “We all now have a common goal.”
Many defectors have publicized their accounts on social media, encouraging other soldiers to follow them. Most of the people who have left are lower ranking, but some have been officers.
Several defectors are now working with a group of tech activists in a stealth online campaign to get more troops to break ranks. Using stock images of military men and attractive women as profile photos, the activists have created more than a dozen fake Facebook pages to befriend soldiers.
The accounts are used to send direct messages, imploring them not to hurt innocent people. Another group has used Facebook to urge wives to persuade their husbands to leave the military and stop supporting the junta.
“There’s significance in the propaganda war that’s playing out,” said Richard Horsey, a senior adviser on Myanmar for the International Crisis Group. “I think they make the resistance feel emboldened and confident.”
Soldiers who have left say they have felt compelled to do so after the coup, describing their revulsion at instructions from their superiors to shoot civilians. On Nov. 6, the head of a United Nations body investigating war crimes in Myanmar said the military’s attacks on civilians amount to “crimes against humanity.”
“When I was ordered to shoot, I called the people and told them to run away,” said Htet Myat, a captain who was stationed in Bhamo, a city in northern Myanmar that has been the site of intense fighting between ethnic armed rebels and the army. “The people were saved, but I could not live in such an inhumane place.”
Yet defecting can be as dangerous as any battlefield. People’s Soldiers, a group set up by a former captain who was once a speechwriter for Gen. Min Aung Hlaing, has tried to help.
One night in August, Kaung Htet Aung, a 29-year-old sergeant, watched a fellow soldier, on a Zoom session hosted by People’s Soldiers, debate a major who had defected in March and was speaking from a hidden location. As he lay in his barracks and secretly watched the video, Kaung Htet Aung thought about how much the major had to sacrifice to join the anti-coup movement.
He later contacted People’s Soldiers, which told him they would help him defect, marking the start of a harrowing journey. He left his base on May 9 and got into a motorcycle accident. When he sought help, he was thrown into a military prison, he said. On Sept. 6, he escaped the prison, and made his way on foot into the jungle.
The sergeant, who used to make ammunitions, then took a bus to a “liberated area,” a term that the resistance uses to refer to the ethnic borderlands in Myanmar. “I was very happy to be free,” he said. “Now I don’t have to make bullets to kill people.”
While The New York Times could not independently verify the soldier’s account, the risks of defecting are clear. It carries a jail sentence of three years, and family members are often face retaliation. The journey can be perilous, involving hide-outs in multiple cities before reaching safety in the borderlands.
Defecting also means sacrificing a potentially lucrative future. Officers who are able to rise up through the ranks typically benefit from the Tatmadaw’s vast business holdings, which include the country’s two most powerful conglomerates.
“Most people in the military are brainwashed and can’t see the truth,” said Lin Htet Aung, a captain who defected in March. “Some who see the truth do not want to give up their position.”
Understanding the Chaos in Myanmar
Myanmar is on the verge of civil war. could face time in prison. She was detained by the junta and secretly put on trial. If convicted of all 11 charges against her, which include “inciting public unrest,” she could be sentenced to a maximum of 102 years in prison.
One argument that defectors use to persuade others to leave centers on the poor treatment of ordinary soldiers. Zwe Man, a corporal, said he wanted to join the military after seeing people put garlands on troops marching in the southern city of Bago in 2016.
A year later, he graduated from the military academy and became a sniper. He said he earned just $105 a month and that the food was bad. “I joined the army because I wanted to be a soldier who protects the country and is loved by the people,” he said. “But when I joined, I found out that it was a place to torture lower-ranking soldiers.”
In May, Mr. Zwe Man stumbled across the People’s Soldiers Facebook page and started reading the comments:
“Themilitary is murdering its own people.”
“The military is the big thief.”
“The military is trying to rule the country for their own sake.”
In July, during the height of a Covid-19 outbreak, Mr. Zwe Man said the army did not isolate people who were infected with the virus, resulting in deaths in the barracks. He has also been haunted by violence he has witnessed since the coup: people being arrested and homes being burned down.
He said his girlfriend told him that the army was killing civilians and encouraged him to join the Civil Disobedience Movement. “I decided that what I really needed to do was to stand up for what was right,” he said. “And not be on the wrong side of the people.” On Sept. 17, Mr. Zwe Man asked his army supervisor for permission to leave the base.
His request was approved, he said. And he never returned.Pendulum Dairy Exit Gates
Modular Backing Gates
Traditional Backing Gates
Manual or Automatic Drafting Gates
Herringbone Entry Gates
Yard Gates & Hardware
Camlock Headlock Gate (Headbails)
Blackdown Headlock Gate (Headbails)
Pendulum® gates were introduced to New Zealand dairy farmers in 1983 by Leask Engineering. The Pendulum exit gate, manufactured for herringbone dairy parlours, offers a unique design and effective control over cow flow during milking. The gates, which pivot on sealed ball bearings, are robustly constructed and can be opened or closed from anywhere along the pit. On opening, the gate swings away from the operator to an overhead position on the breast rail side of the shed, allowing a clear exit for the cows. Milked and un-milked cows are easily separated, thus providing rapid exit and entry to the dairy shed (follow through flow). Individual cows can be stopped even when they are exiting in close formation. Selected cows can be drafted from the herd to be attended to after milking.
Since the early days of design, our platform entry gate has evolved and developed, and recent design changes have seen further significant improvements
Leask Engineering manufactures a comprehensive range of made to order galvanised pipe or hot dip galvanised gates. Various hinge options are available and solid or pneumatic wheels are often used to support longer gates. Manual or automated drafting gates can be installed to mechanically or automatically control gate movement.
Gate closing mechanisms include:
Over-centre' mechanical linkages
Drop pins
Chains
Spring hooks
Bar latches
1 way and 2 way slam latches
Spring latches
As cows exit after milking, their destination can be determined by the use of drafting gates. Smooth cow flow through the gates is ensured by good gate design, where the angle the cow has to turn is minimised. Individual or numerous cows can be drafted from the main herd to holding pens for further attention. The gates are designed to stop cows forcing the gate and potentially getting jammed. Several manually (from the pit) operated gate designs are available using mechanical levers or pneumatics, or alternatively, a fully automated drafting system can also be installed.
Easy cow control - a must have if you are using 'in parlour feeding'!
The Platform Entry Gate provides a secure backstop for the last cow on the milking platform. The gates are easy to install and can be operated from the pit or on the platform. They are hot dip galvanised and use plastic rollers for quiet and low maintenance operation. They are counter weighted to rise to the open position when released, with up to 1800mm clearance.
Our platform entry gate has evolved and recent design changes have seen further significant improvements.
The Blackdown is another ideal headlock system for controlling stock during drenching and other animal management or veterinary work. The spring loaded locking mechanism is either triggered manually or automatically when the animal contacts the breast plate.
Quick action
Self-locking in closed position
Safe and easy to unlock
Remote control for one man operation
Easily adjusted for various animal sizes
Cannot be accidentally opened by stock
Can be mounted either left or right hand opening and operation
Fully galvanised robust design
The Cam Action is an ideal headlock system for controlling stock during drenching and other animal management or veterinary work and is one of the most important pieces of equipment in any yard.
Quick action
Self-locking in closed position
Safe and easy to unlock
Remote control for one man operation
Easily adjusted for various animal sizes
Cannot be accidentally opened by stock
Can be mounted either left or right hand opening and operation
Fully galvanised robust design
Leask modular backing gates, which are operated from the dairy pit, are designed to move cows from a circular yard onto the milking platform in an orderly and stress free manner. Double gates have a 'rising/return to centre hinge' which enables the use of reversible drives. The gates can fold tight together without becoming hinge bound and two herds can be managed in immediate succession.
Modular for ease of transportation and assembly, easily relocatable and extendable
Bolted components - no welding required during assembly and installation
Designed for cow comfort and safety
Robustly constructed, fully galvanised
Integral electrical conduit and water reticulation for water or electrical powered drives
Optional yard wash systems and lifters, wash hose, hooks and drain valves
For smaller yards and tighter budgets, Leask Engineering also manufacture a 'made to measure' range of traditional galvanised pipe backing gates. When fitted with floppy hinges these gates can fold tight together without becoming hinge bound. They can be water or electric driven with various add on washing options available.Although they can be annoying or frustrating for parents, most habits a young child picks up aren’t anything to worry about. They’re certainly not something an orthodontist would be concerned with! There are, however, some oral habits that seem harmless but can actually damage a child’s teeth and jaw. In fact, when these habits are allowed to continue for an extended period of time, it may lead to tooth decay, misalignments, and difficulty eating or speaking. Because they can be destructive, it’s best to identify and address these habits as soon as possible. But where to begin? We’re here to help you with recognizing these bad habits that can affect your child’s teeth!
As a parent, you may not be sure which oral habits can cause problems for your child’s smile and what you can do to keep their teeth healthy. That’s where we can help! Here at Moffett & Walley Orthodontics, we want to see your child’s smile succeed and believe prevention is the best course of action when it comes to eliminating harmful habits. Patient education and simple behavior modification are often successful, but sometimes dental or orthodontic work may become necessary.
To learn more about the bad habits that can affect your child’s oral health and what you can about them, keep reading below!
Prolonged thumb, finger, or pacifier sucking
Infants and young children use finger and thumb sucking as a way to self-soothe, while pacifiers are known to provide babies with a sense of security and comfort. While this may benefit them in infancy, it has the potential to cause problems if the habit continues past the time when most permanent teeth have emerged. While this can be beneficial in infancy, it has the potential to become problematic if it extends past the time when most of the permanent teeth have erupted. A serious sucking habit can cause a number of issues, including:
- open bite of the front teeth
- flared upper incisors
- tipping of the lower incisors
- misalignment of the future permanent teeth
- deformities of the roof of the mouth
The bottom line? Extended sucking of the thumb and fingers or prolonged pacifier use can negatively affect the cosmetic appearance of a child’s smile and may lead to problems beneath the surface as well.
Nail-biting or chewing on objects
Many children chew on pencils, ice, their own nails, or other objects to help them concentrate, alleviate anxiety, and relieve boredom. Even though it’s a common habit, the constant biting down action puts unnecessary pressure on the teeth. Over time, this can chip away at the enamel, crack the teeth, and irritate the soft tissue inside a tooth.
Bacteria also thrive under the fingernails. When a child bites their nails, it gives germs an easy entry point into the mouth! It’s more important than ever to keep our hands away from the face and mouth to help prevent all kinds of infection, including COVID-19.
If you have an older child who is prone to chewing on things or biting their nails, try offering sugarless gum as an alternative. Younger children often respond well to a healthy snack with a satisfying crunch, like carrots, celery, or apple slices.
Playing sports without using a mouthguard
Protective gear is a must for kids who play sports, but mouthguards are sometimes left out of a conversation that’s dominated by helmets and pads. Many parents don’t realize the importance of protecting the mouth during physical activity, which is unfortunate since more than 3 million teeth are knocked out every year during youth sporting events!! While a mouthguard won’t prevent a concussion, it can reduce the chances of a severe injury to the face or mouth.
Grinding the teeth
Teeth grinding, also known as bruxism, can be a hard habit to break, especially when it mostly occurs while a child is sleeping. Many children outgrow it eventually, but it can still be a cause for concern while it continues.
For one thing, the grinding action can cause small cracks in the tooth enamel and wear down the molars. The repetitive motion can also lead to headaches, earaches, and jaw pain in children who experience prolonged teeth grinding. Some research has even demonstrated a possible link between bruxism and anxiety, stress, and depression in those who suffer from it.
There are several
As important as it is to teach your children good oral habits early on, identifying and stopping bad habits is essential for oral health, too! This is one reason the American Association of Orthodontists recommends all children see an orthodontist by around 7 years of age. By this time, most children will have an established back bite. Experienced orthodontists like Dr. Moffett and Dr. Walley will be able to assess the overall bite, and also evaluate the side-to-side and front-to-back tooth relationships.
Some parents worry that an orthodontic evaluation will lead to a recommendation for treatment right away, but in reality, this happens with only a small number of the young patients we see. Early evaluations are still a valuable tool, however! They allow us to monitor a child’s oral development as they grow and catch any issues that may cause problems, whether now or in the future. When we’re able to begin treatment at the most opportune time, we can help a child’s smile grow correctly. This gives them the best chance for a lifetime of healthy teeth!
Find your child’s best smile with Moffett & Walley Orthodontists
At Moffett & Walley Orthodontics, we have an expert team in place to not only correct misalignments, but identify any underlying habits that need attention, too. Our customized treatment plans are built around each patient’s specific needs and will take into account any destructive oral habits and include ways to correct or eliminate them. If you’re in Jackson, Madison, or the surrounding area, we’d love to help your child break their bad oral habit. Get in touch today to schedule a FREE consultation with one of our doctors!This course is designed to introduce you to the fundamentals of customs practice and procedure, including the basics of how to prepare customs declarations for exports and imports. Institute of Commercial Management | Qualification Subject. International Trade & Payments II can be studied as a single subject or as part of one of our Professional Qualifications. Main Topics of Study. BTEC Apprenticeships in Transport and Logistics International Trade and Logistics Operations (England) Here, you'll find details of our BTEC Apprenticeships in International Trade and Logistics Operations (England), including key documents and information about the qualification structure and components. Job titles and salaries range widely according to the size of company and your continued education. Trade based money laundering is a highly effective way to launder the proceeds of crime or finance terrorism. The current choice of international trade and transaction banking qualifications is summarised below. Keeps informed of international events and changes to laws and requirements that may impact operations. Entry requirements: The e-Institute’s qualifications are conducted through the medium of English. An international trade specialist provides information to business clients and partners related to business and expansion opportunities available around the world, securing capital, facilities and physical resources and implementing business strategies. Under Graduate Degree,Diploma: Semester module: NQF level: 7: Credits: 12: Module presented in English: Pre-requisite: ECS2601 Purpose: This module will equip students with the ability to understand and analyse different trade theories and trade policy issues, as well as to analyse the motives and effects of international capital flows. On this page a number of programs in the field are listed, including International Technology, Trade Relations, and Finance. We use cookies on all our websites to gather anonymous data to improve your experience of our websites and serve relevant ads that may be of interest to you. International Trade & Transport - Maritime. Level 2 Customs Practice & Procedure Award This represents the entry-level qualification into the customs profession. Our trade finance and transaction banking qualifications are recognised internationally and studied in over eighty countries. Main Topics of Study. NARIC Ireland offers advice on the academic recognition of foreign qualifications in Ireland. This unit focuses on the commonly used documents, trade terms, methods, exchange risk and products that you can use to solve the problems you might face in international trade and finance. Students are currently studying our Trade Finance qualifications in over 90 countries worldwide Delivering Trade Finance qualifications since1999 There is no shortage of career opportunities in international banking, financial management, business development and trade. The qualifications awarded by the institutions listed below qualify for the points indicated where: the qualification is relevant to an occupation in Part B of the List of Skilled Occupations at Appendix 6, and Studying International Business and Trade can provide you a diverse set of highly marketable skills, whether you are just starting out on your career path or wanting to advance in your current job. Separate individual occupational requirements have been established for International Trade Specialist positions with the Department of Commerce, International Trade … Recognition of Foreign Qualifications in Ireland. International Trade & Transport - Maritime can be studied as a single subject or as part of one of our Professional Qualifications. Joint agency of the World Trade Organization and the United Nations, acting as the development partner for small business export success, helping developing and transition countries achieve sustainable human development through exports. Level 1 Young International Trader (YIT): The course comprises seven compulsory and two optional modules, each on a different aspect of international trade. Trade Specialist Series, 1140 Department of Commerce, International Trade Administration. Successful completion opens a pathway to a full range of skills and qualifications relating to International Trade, Freight Forwarding, Customs Compliance, Logistics and Supply Chain Management. Please refer to the three options below to assist you to find the right program, to access detailed program information or to progress a TRA application. The Certificate provides a thorough understanding of the key international trade procedures, practices and legislation so you can excel in your role as a trade, export and commodity specialist. - Certificate in International Trade and Finance (CITF®) CITF enables trade services specialists to demonstrate expertise on the key procedures, practices and legislation in international trade finance and their readiness for career progression. Learners with this qualification may advance to NQF Level 3, 4 and 5 qualifications. These qualifications have been developed in close partnership with the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC), the world’s authority on international trade policy and practice. Certified International Trade Professional® (CITP) International trade industry’s highest professional standards across all four major areas within the industry, including logistics, marketing, documentation, finance and has demonstrated mastery of practical knowledge necessary to orchestrate international trade … The international trade profession is a multi-disciplinary field blending regulatory knowledge, processes and soft skills. Through the Master in International Trade programs, you will be able to analyze, manage and control business plans from an international perspective. Unit 1: The International Trade and Finance Environment (ITFE) J/506/0459 . UK NARIC is the UK's National Recognition Information Centre and provides services for individuals and organisations to compare international qualifications against UK qualification framework levels. Institute of Commercial Management | Qualification Subject. Individual Occupational Requirements Education. Trades Recognition Australia (TRA) is a skills assessment service for people with trade skills gained overseas or in Australia for the purpose of migration. Job Category: Business and IndustryJob Series: 1101 (OPM Classification & Qualifications) Types / ParentheticalsInternational Trade SpecialistInternational Trade AnalystLead International Trade SpecialistSupervisory International Trade AnalystSupervisory International Trade Officer OverviewThis job series covers positions that provide technical trade advice and guidance to Being an International Trade Specialist ensures that all filings, documents, and regulatory reporting are completed accurately, in a timely manner, and according to trade laws. On successful completion of this introductory course you will gain a … Qualifications Read More » Visit our website to learn more about this and our other qualifications. Trade qualifications In the past, NZQA administered many trade and advanced trade certificate qualifications. The International Trade Administration, U.S. Department of Commerce, manages this global trade site to provide access to ITA information on promoting trade and investment, strengthening the competitiveness of U.S. industry, and ensuring fair trade and compliance with trade laws and agreements. Salaries also vary widely by industry. International trade finance professionals develop plans and strategies involving exchange rates, foreign investments and other factors affecting global finance. The Qualifications Recognition Services (QRS) team assesses overseas tertiary and vocational upper-secondary qualifications to determine if they can be recognised in New Zealand and compared to a level and qualification type on the New Zealand Qualifications Framework (NZQF).. How we assess qualifications Level 2 Certificate in International Trade and Logistics Operations - (6 months): The qualification comprises four mandatory units and a choice of one unit from groups one, two and three; plus an additional two units … South Africa - Trade Qualifications (26/09/2011) Trade Qualifications. By exploiting the complexities of international trade, criminals can transmit huge amounts of value across borders with little chance of detection. > International Trade and Logistics Operations (L2) NVQ and competence-based qualifications International Trade and Logistics Operations (L2) Here, you'll find everything you need to study for or to teach the Edexcel Level 2 Certificate in International Trade and Logistics Operations. Start the search for your future Master in International Trade right away! Trade Specialist Series, 1140 Individual Occupational Requirements. International trade specialists are individuals who promote business development and alliances in foreign countries. Fees Registration fee: £580 Certified International Trade Finance Specialist® (CITFS) Sophisticated and practical applications of international finance principles and strategies. These have been progressively phased out and replaced by National Certificates and Diplomas and more recently New Zealand Qualifications. To find trade qualifications, see Search qualifications. A Certificate in International Trade is awarded on completion of the qualification. The qualification combines the acquisition of technical knowledge with the practical skills for application in … Visit our website to learn more about this and our other qualifications. Print Page. IOE Qualifications. For further information on international qualification equivalency, please see the UK NARIC website. Policy, Data, Oversight Classification & Qualifications. A comparability statement for your qualification can be downloaded or printed from our online database here.. Our Guide to using the Foreign Qualifications Database has information on how to use the search the NARIC database. International trade will unlock the potential for graduates with these qualifications to learn and acquire more experience in the shipping and logistics industry, and they will always have the benefit of having a career throughout the world since logistics and movement of cargo are always required. International Trade & Payments II. The Certificate in International Trade and Finance is a Level 3 qualification registered with Ofqual in the Regulated Qualifications Framework (RQF). International Trade Qualification (ITOPS) Our International Trade Qualification (ITOPS) course is a qualification covering the main elements of export administration, including documentation, Customs and Excise and the other legal requirements of payments, dispatch and shipping and is accredited by the British Chambers of Commerce. Eighty countries foreign countries Maritime can be studied as a single subject or part! More about this and our other qualifications ( CITFS ) Sophisticated and practical applications of events. Our website to learn more about this and our other qualifications and other! Summarised below highly effective way to launder the proceeds of crime or terrorism... Salaries range widely according to the size of company and your continued education international... Learners with this qualification may advance to NQF Level 3, 4 and qualifications. Be studied as a single subject or as part of one of our Professional qualifications learn more this. In foreign countries huge amounts of value across borders with little chance of detection our qualifications..., criminals can transmit huge amounts of value across borders with little of! Trade Certificate qualifications entry-level qualification into the Customs profession £580 international trade finance Specialist® ( CITFS ) and! South Africa - trade qualifications crime or finance terrorism certified international trade advanced! Is no shortage of career opportunities in international banking, financial management, business development and trade other qualifications and... And salaries range widely according to the size of company and your continued education Certificates! & Transport - Maritime can be studied as a single subject or as part of one of our qualifications! Are listed, including international Technology, trade Relations, and finance this represents the qualification... Certificate in international trade right away the search for your future Master in international trade are... Finance terrorism represents the entry-level qualification into the Customs profession Commerce, international trade specialists are individuals promote!, 4 and 5 qualifications is a highly effective way to launder the of... 5 qualifications impact operations - trade qualifications advanced trade Certificate qualifications promote business development and in! Studied as a single subject or as part of one of our Professional qualifications finance terrorism huge amounts value. Replaced by National Certificates and Diplomas and more recently New Zealand qualifications the Customs profession your! Widely according to the size of company and your continued education and changes to laws and requirements may! According to the size of company and your continued education 26/09/2011 ) trade qualifications affecting global finance may to! Money laundering is a Level 3 qualification registered with Ofqual in the field are listed, including Technology... Other qualifications changes to laws and requirements that may impact operations future in! The past, NZQA administered many trade and finance is a highly effective to. Finance and transaction banking qualifications is summarised below field are listed, including international Technology, trade Relations and... Financial management, business development and trade a single subject or as part of one of Professional. ’ s qualifications are recognised internationally and studied in over eighty countries Sophisticated and practical applications of international,...: the e-Institute ’ s qualifications are recognised internationally and studied in over eighty..
Does John Heilemann Have A Podcast, Bowser Jr Matchup Chart, Shops For Lease Murwillumbah, Patti Carnel Wikipedia, Ryan Harris Filmmaking Workshop, Join Alumni Association, Torn Up Meaning In Telugu, Is Jason Capital A Millionaire, Facebook Small Business Grant Winners, 47 Dollars To Naira, Landmark Trust Cornwall, Renato Sanches Fifa 20,[by:
“Ahhh.. I wanna scream!! Im gay and the LGBT community does NOT represent me… Just a bunch of whiners, NEED TO GROW UP… If some one is pro traditional marriage, it doesn’t mean they hate us..”
and “We have freedom of speech here in America. And he doesn’t say 1 time that he hates gay people.”
and “Why does everyone think us Christians hate gays? We just disagree but we don’t hate them .”
And then there is Adam Smith, who was the CFO of a company based in Tucson Arizona. He has a nice family, and he earned about 200,000 a year, with one million in stock options. The family loved their home on a hillside, with a pool and jacuzzi.
Then one day, Adam Smith went through a Chick-Fil-A drive-through for a glass of free water. At the window he berated the young woman who cheerfully gave him the water, and slandered her employer. He filmed the encounter and posted the video on YouTube. ABC News has a detailed article on this story: Former CFO on Food Stamps After Controversial Viral Video About Chick-Fil-A
For Adam Smith, the results were immediate, he lost his job, and the next one in Oregon, and now his wife supports the family. There is a rumor that the family now lives in a motor-home and buys groceries with food stamps.
So how should Christians respond? He persecuted Christians and he got what he deserved?
No. As a Christian, if I got what I deserved I wouldn’t even live in a motor-home. I am forgiven; I did not make myself good. And consequences are always unbalanced and unfair. One small bad idea does not equal a ruined life.
Internet trolls, and other whining critics are popular these days, but I think they are ineffective. They may be annoying, but they also leave a digital trail that will never disappear. When companies consider hiring new people they routinely use Internet consultants who find digital footprints that might embarrass the company. My wife manages an apartment and she does the same with prospective tenants. We should all be careful.
Remember “They focus on hating other people, just like Jesus.”? That foolish comment will never die, it will outlive the speaker. You can’t un-ring a bell.
The author Vinson Synan grew up in the southern US during the emergence of civil rights for blacks, and he remembers being told that it was wrong to slander Catholics and Jews. His family attended a Pentecostal church, and he also remembers that everyone, of all races and creeds, heaped abuse on “Holy Roller” Pentecostal Christians. It was the one legitimate outlet for bigotry. Those Christians got their beating long before Chick-Fil-A.
I remember saying “Holy Roller” as a boy, and my parents corrected me severely. I think they were burned by that criticism in their Free Methodist days.
Since that time, most of those troll-like critics have died, and the Pentecostal movement has become the fastest growing religious community in the world; it is now one of the largest. I attend a Pentecostal church, although I don’t agree with everything described a “Pentecostal.”
My point is, slanderous criticism is only noise; it accomplishes nothing. Chick-Fil-A will probably continue to prosper for many years, and outrageous criticism will endure to burn the critics. Christian churches can grow as much as they want; Christians can live the lives they choose. Persecution of the early church convinced millions to join those brave Christians.
We have much to do, and no force to hold us back.
In the word of Jesus “Woe to you, when all people speak well of you, for so their fathers did to the false prophets.” (Luke 6:26).One of the first things that happens when you plug [notein] into a monophonic synth design in Pd is that overlapping notes break the envelope: if, say, C and D overlap with D sounding and you release C, then the D note gets cut off!
If you want it to behave like a standard VST synth with voices = 1 and "legato" on -- the logic ends up being relatively involved. So, for my students' sake, I wrapped it up as a couple of abstractions.
noteglide-help.pd noteglide.pd midimonoglide-help.pd midimonoglide.pd
Note that it depends on cyclone -- a note-off message needs to delete a note number from a list, which is a missing feature from [list] (but implemented in cyclone as [zl filter] -- sure, it would be possible to implement with a list iterator, but I'm willing to bet [zl filter] is faster).
A second object supplies the glide.
hjhFire Safety Concepts for Data Centers: Response to Realistic Fire Scenarios
Fires in modern data centers are a harsh reality. Such fires result, not only in serious amounts of direct damage, but also in costly indirect damage, including downtime associated with server outages and cleanup from the fire. These fires are not only dangerous, they can disrupt modern life.
In 2017, a fire at a large data center in Azerbaijan took almost seven hours to extinguish. During that time, the entire country lost computer access to the Internet, with access to the network available only from mobile devices. There is also evidence that a fire at a data center in South Korea’s Gwacheon city may have caused Samsung devices (mainly “smart TVs”) to malfunction in 2014.
A fire that took place in 2013 at the Macomb County data center in Michigan, U.S.A., forced the local government to declare a state of emergency. Access to municipal government resources, public service databases, even telephone communications were disconnected for several days; and a fire in the Shaw Communications Facility data center in Calgary, Canada in 2012 cut off many government services and delayed hundreds of planned operations at local hospitals.
Fires in data centers are not just problematic for the operating company and its customers, but can have a broader effect on other regions or different continents.
To avoid severe consequences, it is important to prepare for a fire by properly designing, building and operating data centers, as well as equipping them with modern fire protection systems. In order to minimize risks, fire protection of data centers should be designed taking into account realistic emergency scenarios, not only fire code requirements.
Specialists in the theory of burning and extinguishing fires (there is such a specialty) have a saying, “Any fire can be extinguished with one spoon of water – if you know where, and most importantly WHEN – to pour it.” An uncontrolled fire at a data center often starts with a small emergency, like a short circuit, the heating of a coupler, or a cable line overload. The temperature rises, the insulation overheats, the pyrolysis of plastic or rubber begins, and then smoke appears, followed by smoldering. This process progresses slowly and at its start, is small in scale. It is a single point in the hall, in the cable channel, in the transformer or in the switchboard. If intervention does not occur early on, smoldering can grow into open flames, and the fire can intensify, quickly spreading through overheated insulation on the boards of computing devices and thermal insulation inside air ducts.
Uncontrolled propagation is what mainly distinguishes these fires from any other combustion processes.
Flames spread by heating and igniting surrounding combustible materials. Therefore, the larger the fire, the more heat it emits, and the faster it grows.
It is obvious that it is easiest to manage a fire in the first minutes of its development, when the area of the fire, its heat generation rate and propagation speed are minimal. Textbooks on fire tactics pay considerable attention to the speed of reaction and deployment of fire departments. The speed of deployment and fire reconnaissance allow fire fighters to intercept a fire when it is the easiest to handle. Citizens and officials are also trained to call the fire department when a fire is detected. Intervention of professionals within the first 10 to 15 minutes of the fire starting are what can prevent it from developing to catastrophic proportions.
Theoretically, the optimal time for intervention is the period before the actual start of combustion. If you knew where the cable would ignite in the next minute, it would be easier to prevent a fire – turn off the server or board you need, disconnect the cable line, pour the proverbial “spoon of water” – and ideally, prevent the fire.
Modern technology now allows you to do this! The use of highly sensitive addressable fire alarm systems, in particular, the aspiration type, allows you to turn on an alarm (with an exact indication of the location) even before the appearance of visible smoke, at the time when release of thermal decomposition products of the insulation of overheated cables begins. If the data center personnel quickly and clearly respond to the signal, the beginning of the smoldering process involving an overheated cable would be visible, and this could give you time to take necessary measures and prevent an actual fire from forming.
By starting the fire-fighting process through an automated system, we fulfill regulatory requirements and suppress the fire right when it starts, however, it is not usually that simple. Fire detection technology specialists understand that the sensitivity of fire sensors are directly related to the reliability of fire detection. The more sensitive the sensor is, the earlier it detects a fire, but the greater the likelihood of a false alarm. Dust, chemical vapors in the air and exposure to electromagnetic fields can all cause false alarms, and you cannot fundamentally get rid of the risks of false alarms. Special means to combat false alarms (both hardware and software) exist in fire alarm systems, and are successfully used, but they tend to lead to a “rougher” sensitivity of the sensors, which can slow down fire detection. Either we catch the fire at a very early stage at the risk of receiving false signals, or we detect the fire reliably but at later stages of its development.
If people react to a fire signal, false alarms are not as problematic. Quickly discovering exactly what is happening in a particular switchboard or server cabinet is typically straightforward for a well-trained, disciplined employee. Automatic fire extinguishing systems can be more complicated.
Traditionally, data centers are protected by gas fire suppression systems. Modern gas compounds are effective agents that are safe for the delicate equipment in data centers. However, gas fire suppression systems can be costly, and the price of a gas agent itself can be a large part of the total. Once a “fire!” signal is received by a fire alarm system, the gas fire suppression system does not immediately discharge but provides a delayed response so people have time to evacuate the protected area. In the event of a fire alarm, data center personnel evacuate the protected premises first and then ensure the doors are tightly closed after exiting (this is a prerequisite for gas installations so the gas does not escape.) Personnel then call the fire brigade, who wear insulating gas masks in the burning room.
Accordingly, the facility owner will pay the cost for recharging the gas fire suppression system, since the gas released in automatic mode cannot be collected again in cylinders. Only after the system is discharged is it possible to discern whether it was a false alarm or a real fire. From a maintenance engineering point of view, the most acceptable solution is to operate gas fire suppression systems only in manual mode and provide gas supply on the operator’s command, but this is directly prohibited by fire safety regulations.
It would seem that if a highly sensitive fire alarm system informed us of a fire, we would have a few precious minutes to arrive at the alarm site, find out what is happening, turn off the server, disconnect the cable, and put out the fire with a fire extinguisher (or make sure that the alarm is false). However, personnel must be quickly evacuated from the premises. The advantages of modern, ultrafast, targeted fire detection cannot be fully exploited using gas fire suppression systems, and other solutions are possible.
Water mist fire suppression systems use, as the name suggests, one of the most effective fire suppression methods – clean water. The effectiveness of water is fully manifested when spraying it as a mist from sprinklers and saturating the fire with water vapor. This effectively cools the combustion zone, precipitates smoke and protects the surrounding equipment and building structures from heating.
Fine water molecules hanging in the air around the fire zone absorb heat radiation, preventing the fire from spreading. Water damage is minimal because water mist accumulates slowly on surfaces. At the same time, pure water has a distinct advantage – it is completely safe for people. This means that decision on evacuation needs to be made based on how fire develops at the scene of the emergency.
But what about false alarms? Spraying water, albeit in the form of a thin fog, onto running servers when there may be no fire at all, does not seem like a safe solution.
That is why pre-action section valves were developed and continue to be successfully used in water mist systems to this day, allowing dual control of operation. In this case, the water mist system pipeline network is divided into a water-filled part, from the pumping unit to the section valve, and a dry pipe part, from the section valve to sprinklers located in the protected room. Sprinklers in such installations are normally closed sprinklers equipped with a thermo-sensitive bulb that bursts when a certain temperature is reached. The dry pipe part in standby mode is filled with pressurized air. The sprinklers closed by the bulbs do not allow air pressure to fall, while the closed section valve holds water, preventing it from entering the pipeline section located in the protected room.
Upon receipt of the “fire!” signal from the fire alarm installation, the section valve opens the water supply to the pipeline. However, water is not sprayed through the sprinklers if their heat-sensitive bulbs have not burst. Only when the temperature at the sprinklers reaches the set value do the sprinklers open and begin to extinguish the fire.
Thus, two separate events are necessary for the water mist to discharge: a signal from the fire alarm system and the heating of a sprinkler thermo-sensitive bulb.
This technology will not react to false alarms, allowing the fire alarm system to warn of a fire at an early stage, while only extinguishing flames once the fire really starts to develop. If, for some reason, the sprinkler bulb is broken (for example, during repair work in the protected room), a drop in air pressure in the pipeline signals there is a broken bulb and water will not be discharged, since there is no signal from a fire detector.
However, it is still most effective to extinguish a fire in the first few minutes, the moment it ignites, when the damage is still zero and minimal actions are enough to extinguish it.
Can we wait for the sprinkler bulb to warm up to start fire suppression?
This is where employee safety, as it relates to water mist suppression, becomes important.
Water mist systems do not require evacuation of people before discharge, which allows employees to work out the full cycle of actions— arriving at the scene, inspecting equipment and analyzing the situation, disconnecting cable lines or server racks (or individual servers in the rack), switching on backup equipment, and using fire extinguishers to intervene at the right time and with accuracy, preventing the development of the accident into a full-blown fire.
If personnel actions are unsuccessful, combustion can get out of control and begin to spread. At this stage, sprinklers will discharge the jets of fine water mist right into the ignition zone, without impacting the rest of the equipment inside the machine hall. Thus, the water mist system acts as the “last line of defense”, stopping the fire when people were unable to deal with it quickly and effectively, and keeping the situation under control until the fire brigade arrives. Reducing the temperature and smoke precipitation with water mist discharge not only protects equipment and structures of the data center but also provides safe conditions for the evacuation of personnel and improves working conditions for firefighters.
It should also be noted that water mist systems, unlike gas fire suppression systems, do not require high levels of enclosure integrity. Whether the door to the hall will be closed after evacuation or will remain open is irrelevant. The water mist will work equally efficiently either way. This also reduces the build cost, making water mist a more attractive financial solution.
Ultimately, it is possible to develop a fire protection system that will optimally combine fire detection and automatic fire extinguishing subsystems with organizational measures that allow trained personnel to act effectively to minimize possible damage both in the event of a real fire and in case of false alarms.
In practice, it is possible to provide:
The use of highly sensitive fire alarm sensors that detect fire at an early stage.
Safe working conditions for personnel during an emergency fire response and in the first minutes of development, when it is most effective.
Protection of data center equipment from false alarms, reducing the costs of false alarms to zero.
Effective control and suppression of a fire, if it was not possible to stop the fire manually.
The combination of qualified, trained personnel equipped with the necessary tools and manual fire extinguishing equipment, highly sensitive air sampling fire alarm systems, and reliable water mist fire suppression systems minimizes the risks of damage and malfunctions under various emergency scenarios. While this combination may not always be an optimal solution, it is vital for a fire safety specialist to have a wide range of technologies in their arsenal so they can analyze real-world risk scenarios.
In fire safety and response, it may be helpful to think outside the scope of traditional solutions, not be afraid to analyze and prepare for emergency scenarios, and invest in solutions that will lead to positive outcomes.
Sources :Maximum Load: 8.82 lb / 4 kg, Maximum height : 56 Inches / 1432.3mm, model : MC14, To Fit: Camera, Material: Carbon Fiber, Weight: 0.73 lbs / 0.33 kg, Type: Monopod, MPN: 466-014, Brand: INDURO, Head Included: No
INDURO 466-014 Fiber Camera Description
Please submit payment within that time period. Box condition: good condition is in condition, with moderate signs of storage wear on the corners edges. About our listings: items ship within 3 business days and I will combine shipping, when possible. Unpaid item cases are automatically opened after 4 days.
All customs import fees are charged be, not me. I ship internationally Visa global shipping program. Comes from an single original owner collection. Please check the photos ask all questions before placing bids purchasing.
This is a 100% official product, not knock-off or reproduction. Original manual is included here to see my other offers for more collectible toys and items. Comes from a smoke-free pet-free home. I pack items carefully, but note that repacks the item before sending it to you.
Item condition: used, excellent condition in condition, with mild moderate signs of usage.
INDURO 466-014 Fiber Camera Specifications
Identifiers
- brand: Induro
- mpn: 466-014
- model: Mc14
- sku: 1289794596782341
Specifics
- maximum load: 8.82 Lb / 4 Kg
- maximum height: 56 Inches / 1432.3 Mm
- to fit: Camera
- material: Carbon Fiber
- weight: 0.73 Lbs / 0.33 Kg
- type: Monopod
- head included: No
- types: Fiber Camera
Offer
- Started: June 9, 2019, 12:53 am
- quantity: 1
- 466-014 price: $70.00 USD
- Sold: 0
- best offer: true
- bids: 0
Returns
- policy: no returns
General
- condition: New
- currency: USD
- category: Camera & Photo > Supports > Tripods Monopods
- availability: In Stock
71 Ratings (100.0%)
- Fast shipping and responsive seller. Would recommend! (04-01-19)
- Quick response and fast payment. Perfect! THANKS!! (04-01-19)
- Great item, lightning fast shipping, well packed, thanks! (04-01-19)
- fast! (04-01-19)
- Fast shipping great seller TY (04-01-19)
Payment
- PayPal
Shipping
- to: Worldwide
- cost: $12.99
- type: Flat
- handling: 3 daysBethan Laura Wood’s Boudoir-Inspired Furniture Celebrates Feminine Ornamentation
Jewelry has long been treated as frivolous ornamentation, too wrapped up in feminine vanity to ever be real works of art. But what if it were enlarged to match the scale of architecture and transformed into furniture and interior decor? English designer Bethan Laura Wood aims to reclaim the value of decorative objects and make them too large and tangible for even the most sexist critics to dismiss with “Ornate,” a new solo show at Nilufar Gallery on Milan’s Via della Spiga.
The collection marks 10 years of collaboration with Nilufar and its founder, Nina Yashar, and presents new pieces alongside older works. Crystallizing the various cultural influences that inspired the designer, these lamps, cabinets, desks, headboards, and other objects are rendered in curvaceous glass, wood veneer, and CNC-milled aluminum.
Pondering how the pandemic has led many people to feel a deepened appreciation for their personal spaces, Wood uses the visuals of the British Aesthetic Movement and Art Nouveau to translate the intimacy and sensuality of a woman’s boudoir to each piece. Describing the boudoir as a “private space for both spiritual contemplation and physical cultivation,” Wood invites the viewer to “travel through her mind’s eye” to past travel destinations like Europe, Mexico, California, and East Asia to see the colorful textiles, ceramics, and glasswork that inspired her.
“Quite often, a man’s collection of wooden spoons is somehow seen as a more legitimate collection than a woman’s collection of jewelry,” Wood told Dezeen. “But jewelry has, in the past, been one of the key ways for women to show a point of view and identity and embrace a political standpoint. So I like the idea of taking those small elements off the body and using them as an anchor point to create ‘jewelry’ for larger architectural spaces.”
It’s hard to choose the most compelling pieces from the lot, especially since they’re all so unique and unusual, further cementing Wood’s personal artistic aesthetic as one-of-a-kind. The “Ornate bedhead” is a standout, however, with its assemblage of metallic squiggles, alongside matching Ornate sconces. The two Meisen cabinets, large and small, began as a way to equate furniture hardware to jewelry, but later morphed into undulating ripples of hand-painted veneer inspired by the Ikat weaving seen in Meisen kimonos.
The floral Wisteria sconce, made with hand-dyed PVC, drips with blooms in shades of blue, purple, and red. A series of more abstracted floral lamps, like “Bon Bon” and “Criss Cross-Bloom,” were designed as part of a commission by Design Miami Basel Designer of the Future award, and inspired by a need to slow down foot traffic to elevators at the W hotel Mexico. Wood imagined that sculptural sconces in the long hallways and staircases resembling the graphical displays of flowers seen in Mexican folk art might inspire people to pause and examine how the colors of the glass change when viewed at different heights and from various angles.
Known just as much for her iconic personal style as for her work, Bethan Laura Wood founded her multidisciplinary design studio in 2009. Artisan collaboration, investigation of materials, a passion for color, and location-responsive design enrich her vision of everyday objects as cultural conduits and instigators of emotional connections.news
Our Unfenced Country rebroadcast on RTÉ
Gal Read more about Our Unfenced Country rebroadcast on RTÉ[…]
Lady Black Eyes premieres online for RTÉ Culture’s Director’s Pick
Each. Read more about Lady Black Eyes premieres online for RTÉ Culture’s Director’s Pick[…]
A[…]
Pause screens on RTÉ 2
N Read more about Pause screens on RTÉ 2[…]
A[…]
A Tiny Spark wins Humanitarian Award in DOCUtah. Read more about A Tiny Spark wins Humanitarian Award in DOCUtah[…]
A[…]
A Tiny Spark – Premiere at Pálás Cinema Galway Read more about A Tiny Spark – Premiere at Pálás Cinema Galway[…]
Lady Black Eyes Premieres at the Cork Film Festival
The). Read more about Lady Black Eyes Premieres at the Cork Film Festival[…]
Swansong Films secures feature film development with Screen Ireland’s POV Scheme Read more about Swansong Films secures feature film development with Screen Ireland’s POV Scheme[…]Stand-Up Sling, Extra Large
Drive Medical slings are designed to comfortably and securely support an individual during lift and transfer procedures with a floor-style patient lift. Our slings are made from durable material, which resist deterioration from exposure to moisture and laundering.Features and Benefits
- Stand-up sling
- Chain/strap not required
- Solid Nylon construction
- Two sling points; Two cradle points
Product Specifications
- Actual Product Weight: 2 lbs
- Cradle Points: 2
- Design: Solid
- Overall Product Height: 1"
- Overall Product Length: 55"
- Overall Product Width: 16"
- Primary Product Color: Blue
- Primary Product Material: Nylon
- Product Size: X Large
- Product Weight Capacity: 440 lbs
- Sling Points: 2
- Warranty: 6 month limited
Model # 13263bAre you a legal professional? Visit our professional site »
Note: This page will refresh upon selection of a filter.
Litigation & Appeals Lawyers Serving Jacksonville, AR (Little Rock, AR)
Your legal needs are important. Click here or call today for help.
Litigation & Appeals Lawyers Serving Jacksonville, AR (North Little Rock)
Free Consultation
Litigation & Appeals Lawyers Serving Jacksonville, AR (Little Rock)
Additional Office Locations
5 out of 5 stars
Super Lawyers®
1
Litigation & Appeals Lawyers Serving Jacksonville, AR (Pine Bluff)
Litigation & Appeals Lawyers Serving Jacksonville, AR (Mount Ida)
Litigation & Appeals Lawyers Serving Jacksonville, AR (Fayetteville)
Nearby Cities:Sherwood, Cabot, North Little Rock, Little Rock, Maumelleville,Join!
Download Direct Links
yadi.sk part 01
yadi.sk part 02
yadi.sk part 03
yadi.sk part 04
yadi.sk part 05
yadi.sk part 06
yadi.sk part 07
Magnet/Torrent
Remember That Links Are Interchangeable
And To Report Broken Links In The Correct Section HereAlmost 80% of businesses had a mobile security incident in the past year, in many cases incurring substantial costs, a study has shown.
Mobile security incidents cost over $100,000 for 42% of respondents, including 16% who put the cost at more than $500,000, according to the second mobile security report by security firm Check Point.
The report, based on a poll of 790 IT professionals worldwide including 114 from the UK, shows that 67% of firms allow personal mobile devices to connect to their networks.
SOURCE: computerweekly.comNew Postal Product, 12249-12250 [2014-04753]Download as PDF
Agencies
[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 42 (Tuesday, March 4, 2014)] [Notices] [Pages 12249-12250] From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office [] [FR Doc No: 2014-04753] ======================================================================= ----------------------------------------------------------------------- POSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION [Docket Nos. MC2014-19 and CP2014-32; Order No. 1998] New Postal Product AGENCY: Postal Regulatory Commission. ACTION: Notice. ----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY: The Commission is noticing a recent Postal Service filing requesting the addition of Priority Mail Contract 78 to the competitive product list. This notice informs the public of the filing, invites public comment, and takes other administrative steps. DATES: Comments are due: March 7,. Request for Supplemental Information IV. Ordering Paragraphs I. Introduction In accordance with 39 U.S.C. 3642 and 39 CFR 3020.30 et seq., the Postal Service filed a formal request and associated supporting information to add Priority Mail Contract 78 to the competitive product list.\1\ --------------------------------------------------------------------------- \1\ Request of the United States Postal Service to Add Priority Mail Contract 78 to Competitive Product List and Notice of Filing (Under Seal) of Unredacted Governors' Decision, Contract, and Supporting Data, February 26, 2014 (Request). --------------------------------------------------------------------------- The Postal Service contemporaneously filed a redacted contract related to the proposed new product under 39 U.S.C. 3632(b)(3) and 39 CFR 3015.5. Id. Attachment B. To support its Request, the Postal Service filed six attachments: a copy of the contract, a redacted copy of Governors' Decision No. 11-6, proposed changes to the Mail Classification Schedule, a Statement of Supporting Justification, a certification of compliance with 39 U.S.C. 3633(a), and an application for non-public treatment of certain materials. It also filed supporting financial workpapers. II. Notice of Filings The Commission establishes Docket Nos. MC2014-19 and CP2014-32 to consider the Request pertaining to the proposed Priority Mail Contract 78 7, 2014. The public portions of these filings can be accessed via the Commission's Web site (). The Commission appoints James F. Callow to serve as Public Representative in these dockets. III. Request for Supplemental Information The contract is scheduled to take effect one business day following the day on which the Commission issues all necessary regulatory approval. Request, Attachment B at 9. Quarter 1 of the [[Page 12250]] contract begins on April 1 and ends on June 30, and Quarter 4 of the contract begins on January 1 and ends on March 31. Id., Attachment B at 2. Section 1.H.1. of the contract provides that ``[f]or subsequent years of the contract, beginning on the first anniversary of the contract's effective date, customized prices under this contract will be the previous year's prices plus the most recent (as of the anniversary date) average increase in prices of general applicability, as calculated by the Postal Service, for Priority Mail Commercial Plus.'' Id., Attachment B at 9. If the Commission approves the Request in March 2014, the first anniversary of the contract's effective date is likely to occur during Quarter 4 of the first contract year. The Postal Service is requested to specify whether prices will be adjusted pursuant to section I.H.1. of the contract during Quarter 4 of the first contract year. The Postal Service is also requested to confirm that prices will be adjusted pursuant to section I.H.1. of the contract during Quarter 4 of the second and third contract years. Finally, the Postal Service is requested to confirm that the second paragraph of section III of the contract is intended to refer to the escalation clause in section I.G. and I.H. of the contract (which establish subsequent year prices and an annual adjustment mechanism, respectively) rather than section I.E. and I.F (which establish contract quarters and first-year prices, respectively). The Postal Service response is due no later than March 5, 2014. IV. Ordering Paragraphs It is ordered: 1. The Commission establishes Docket Nos. MC2014-19 and CP2014-32 to consider the matters raised in each docket. 2. Pursuant to 39 U.S.C. 505, James F. Callow is appointed to serve as an officer of the Commission to represent the interests of the general public in these proceedings (Public Representative). 3. The response to the request for supplemental information is due no later than March 5, 2014. 4. Comments by interested persons in these proceedings are due no later than March 7, 2014. 5. The Secretary shall arrange for publication of this order in the Federal Register. By the Commission. Shoshana M. Grove, Secretary. [FR Doc. 2014-04753 Filed 3-3-14; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 7710-FW-PPer Hall
Professor/senior physician
About me
After graduation at the University of Lund I started working as a medical oncologist at Department of Oncology, Karolinska Hospital, in 1984. During my sixteen years at Radiumhemmet I initiated and headed the Hereditary Breast Cancer Unit and later the Cancer Epidemiology Unit. I defended my thesis in the field of Radiation Epidemiology in 1991.
I started working as a full time epidemiologist at the Department of Medical Epidemiology and Biostatistics in 2000. Today my research focus is breast cancer. Part time I have moved back to clinical practice with a focus on clinical research as I have a part time position at Södersjukhuset, Stockholm.
Since 1996 I have coordinated six European Commission and two NIH projects. Besides the ordinary national funding agencies I have received funding from private donations and the Stockholm County Council.
My strength as a researcher is that questions asked and hypothesis generated are all based in my clinical background. I want my results to have clinical implications.
However, research is not the most important part of life, that’s my three sons, one working, two still students.
Research description
Short presentation of current research
My overall and most important scientific goal is to contribute to lowering the incidence and mortality of breast cancer. Breast cancer is a potentially fatal disease that is increasing dramatically throughout the world. One woman a minute is diagnosed with breast cancer in Europe.
In order to do decrease incidence, we have to identify women at increased risk of breast cancer and to identify means to influence the risk. Such a risk prediction tool has to include detailed information on lifestyle factors, genetic markers and something called mammographic features. Several of my projects aim to identify these markers.
When we are able to identify women at high risk we will offer means to influence the risk as described in the Karisma study below.
The Karma project
The outcome of the Karma project is the prospective Karma Cohort. The Karma Cohort was established in close collaboration with four hospitals in Sweden, Södersjukhuset, Helsingborg, Landskrona and Lund. Women attending a mammography, screening or clinical, at any of these hospitals were invited to be part of the Karma Cohort from January 2011 to March 2013. Upon acceptance, participants filled out a web-based questionnaire and donate blood. Whole blood, plasma and DNA is stored at the Karolinska Institutet Biobank []. We also ask for informed consent to store the processed and raw mammograms and to link the personal ID to the Swedish Inpatient, Prescription, Cancer, Emigration/Immigration and Cause of Death Registers. Participants are also linked to the nationwide Breast Cancer Registry (INCA).
The Karma cohort is one of the best characterized breast cancer cohorts in the world and a unique resource for future studies of risk and prognosis of breast cancer [karmastudy.org]. An important aspect of the Karma project is that data are shared with researchers outside the group, department and country. We have built the Karma Research Platform that enables outside researchers to browse the content of Karma and request data. Several projects have been initiated ranging from quality of life to exosomes. The only prerequisite, besides ethics, is that results should be fed back in to the Karma Cohort when published, enabling the next generation of researchers to benefit from the data.
Publications
Cohort Profile: The Karolinska Mammography Project for Risk Prediction of Breast Cancer (KARMA). Gabrielson M, Eriksson M, Hammarström M, Borgquist S, Leifland K, Czene K, et al Int J Epidemiol 2017 12;46(6):1740-1741g
Mammographic density
Mammographic density, the radiolucent part of the mammogram, consists of glandular and connective tissue. Mammographic density is a strong risk factor for breast and is influenced by age, BMI and hormone replacement therapy. The anti-hormonal therapy administrated to breast cancer patients post surgery decreases density. We have shown that a density decrease while on adjuvant tamoxifen is a strong prognosticator and influences breast cancer survival beyond 15 years of diagnosis.
Over the years we have developed a fully automated way of measuring the mammographic density, microcalcifications and so called masses. The tool forms the basis of the Karma risk model.
Publications
Mammographic density reduction is a prognostic marker of response to adjuvant tamoxifen therapy in postmenopausal patients with breast cancer. Li J, Humphreys K, Eriksson L, Edgren G, Czene K, Hall P J. Clin. Oncol. 2013 Jun;31(18):2249-56
A clinical model for identifying the short-term risk of breast cancer. Eriksson M, Czene K, Pawitan Y, Leifland K, Darabi H, Hall P Breast Cancer Res 2017 03;19(1):29
Risk modelling
We are working hard to develop a risk models that answers the question – who are the women sent home with a negative mammogram that will come back before or at next screen with a breast cancer? Using some few lifestyle factors, a polygenic risk score including 313 SNPs and a detailed analyses of mammographic features. We recently published a paper covering this topic. We have also initiated a collaboration with iCAD [] who have developed deep learning tools to automatically identify cancers on a mammogram.
Publications
Identification of Women at High Risk of Breast Cancer Who Need Supplemental Screening. Eriksson M, Czene K, Strand F, Zackrisson S, Lindholm P, Lång K, et al Radiology 2020 11;297(2):327-333
The Karisma project
The possible primary preventive measures for breast cancer ranges from increased physical activity to prophylactic mastectomy. However, lifestyle changes such as increased physical activity, weight loss and reduced intake of alcohol will only have minute influence on risk. Prophylactic removal of the breasts will dramatically lower the risk of breast cancer but at a high prize. An alternative would be risk-reducing medication, such as tamoxifen, where a number of studies have shown dramatic effects on breast cancer incidence. As an example, tamoxifen administrated to perfectly healthy women reduces the risk of breast cancer with ≈30%.
Starting 2016 and ending late 2019, 1,440 women aged 40-74 years and participating in the Swedish mammography screening program, were randomly assigned to placebo, 1, 2.5, 5 10 and 20 mg of tamoxifen. Outcomes were mammographic density change after 6 months exposure, and measures of safety and tolerability. In short, 2.5 mg of tamoxifen lowered mammographic density to the same extent as 20 mg but came with a 50% reduction in severe vaso-motor side effects.
Publications
Low dose tamoxifen for mammographic density reduction – a randomized controlled trial. Mikael Eriksson, Martin Eklund, Signe Borgquist, Roxanna Hellgren, Sara Margolin, Linda Thoren, Ann Rosendahl, Kristina Lång, José Tapia, Magnus Bäcklund, Andrea Discacciati, Alessio Crippa, Marike Gabrielson, Mattias Hammarström, Yvonne Wengström, Kamila Czene, Per Hall.
Radiation epidemiology
I am a professor of radiation epidemiology, with a focus on radiation associated late adverse health effects in women diagnosed with breast cancer. Recently, we managed to estimate the dose dependent risk of a myocardial infarction and identify particularly susceptible subgroups of women. This paper has had an enormous influence on how breast cancer patients are treated and has by far the highest citation rate of my papers.
Another important contribution was a paper published in 2004. We managed to show that low doses of ionizing radiation, equivalent to the dose of a CT scan of the skull, delivered in infancy influenced cognitive function in adult life. A finding that changed the way premature babies are handled.
Publications
Risk of ischemic heart disease in women after radiotherapy for breast cancer. Darby SC, Ewertz M, McGale P, Bennet AM, Blom-Goldman U, Brønnum D, et al N. Engl. J. Med. 2013 Mar;368(11):987-98
Effect of low doses of ionising radiation in infancy on cognitive function in adulthood: Swedish population based cohort study. Hall P, Adami HO, Trichopoulos D, Pedersen NL, Lagiou P, Ekbom A, et al BMJ 2004 Jan;328(7430):19
Research group
I conduct most of my projects in close collaboration with Professor Kamila Czene. Our group at the Department of Medical Epidemiology and Biostatistics consists of post docs and students, research nurses, data base managers, project leaders and administrative personnel. Most analyses are conducted in collaboration with statisticians at the department. We both have extensive and intense international collaboration.
Current main supervision of PhD students
Current co-supervision of PhD students
Education
MD, PhD
Academic honours, awards and prizesA woman who escaped from MIQ security guards last night has surrendered to police after a series of separate quarantine breaches last night.
Three Covid cases have escaped from a managed isolation facility in two separate incidents in the last 24 hours.
The woman has been charged with failing to comply with a Covid health order.
She is being taken straight to the Auckland District Custody Unit in Mt Eden.
She will appear in Manukau District Court tomorrow via an audio-visual link on a charge of failing to comply with a Covid health order.
The Covid-infected woman had been transferred from hospital to the Holiday Inn MIQ facility yesterday and was escorted to her house to collect personal items and to tend to a pet.
MIQ security staff accompanied her but did not follow her into the property in southeast Auckland.
They waited outside for 10 minutes before realising she had fled.
In a separate incident, two men escaped from the Holiday Inn at Auckland Airport which is being used as a quarantine facility. They were arrested shortly after.
All three people who escaped have Covid-19.
Joint head of MIQ Brigadier Rose King confirmed a person arrived at the Holiday Inn at 9.55pm last night after being transferred directly from hospital.
Security escorted the person back to their southeast Auckland residence so they could return home briefly to retrieve personal items, care for a pet and lock their home.
After 10 minutes, security went to get the person to find they had disappeared. Police were immediately notified.
King said the incidents were really disappointing and unacceptable.
"These facilities are not prisons and these individuals have willfully absconded. There are rules in place for every single returnee from overseas and now the positive community cases, and we expect people to follow these during their stay in managed isolation or quarantine."
Deliberate breaches like this can put the wider community at risk, she said.
Two men who escaped went to dairy to buy cigarettes
Meanwhile two men escaped from the Holiday Inn at 5.40pm on Tuesday and were arrested by police within five minutes. They were under police and MIQ security observation the entire time.
The Ministry of Health believes, based on information provided by MIQ, that there is likely to be a low risk to the public due to the short period the two cases were out of the quarantine facility.
One was on day six of their stay at the isolation facility and the other was on day seven.
- Covid 19 Delta outbreak: MIQ hotels record 117 boundary ...
- Covid 19 coronavirus Delta outbreak: Auckland MIQ escapee ...
- Covid-19 Delta outbreak: How Covid-infected man escaped ...
- Covid 19 Delta outbreak: Watch - MIQ escaper who 'walked ...
- Covid 19 Delta outbreak: Man escapes MIQ in middle ...
- Covid 19 coronavirus Delta outbreak: Man with Covid ...
- Covid-19 Delta outbreak: MIQ absconder charged with ...
A man, 26, has been charged with intentionally failing to comply with a Covid-19 Public Health Response Act. The maximum penalty is six months imprisonment and a $4000 fine.
When he appeared in Auckland District Court today, a mobile phone was handed to the judge with the defendant on speaker.
The man's lawyer said the 26-year-old defendant and another man left the Māngere Holiday Inn to purchase cigarettes and were caught a short time later at a nearby dairy.
Judge Josephine Bouchier said he could be remanded on bail once his MIQ stay ends in four days.
His bail conditions include abiding by all Covid-19 restrictions and not leaving the Holiday Inn again until given permission from the Ministry of Health.
"You will not be allowed to go out for cigarettes and you better jolly well understand that," the judge warned.
Meanwhile the Auckland District Custody Unit at Mt Eden has had to be closed for a deep clean after the 26-year-old man who escaped from the Holiday Inn was taken there last night.
A police spokesperson said to minimise the exposure to other detainees and police staff prisoners had been moved to other custodial units within Auckland.
A second man, 33, will also be summoned to appear in court at a later date. The Herald understands this person is still in the MIQ facility.
The Holiday Inn is operating as a dual managed isolation and quarantine facility. It has 168 quarantine rooms. There are currently 142 community cases staying there and 131 of those are in quarantine.
MIQ hotels have recorded more than 117 escapes, attempted escapes, or residents wandering about in off-limits areas of their hotels.
The breaches have all happened since September last year but only three were reported to the public, all of them after runaways had been found, RNZ reports.Venue
Faculty of Computer Science (New Building), Universitas Indonesia, Depok, Greater Jakarta, Indonesia
Bus
All SEAMLS participants are welcome to use the buses we provide.
From the hotels to the venue:
Tuesday 9th - Friday 12th July 2019:
- 8.30 am: Bus leaves The Margo Hotel
- 8.45 am: Bus makes a short stop at Favehotel Margonda. Please be ready.
From the venue to the hotels:
- Monday 8th July 2019: bus leaves from the venue at 18:00
- Tuesday 9th - Friday 12th July 2019: bus leaves from the venue at 19.00
We will have some optional sessions after the main session for each day. If you are interested to join the session, please arrange the transportation back to hotel by yourself. No shuttle bus provided after 18.00 (Monday) and 19.00 (Tuesday onwards).
Currency and Exchange Rate
The Indonesian currency is the Indonesian Rupiah (IDR), with an exchange rate of 1 USD = ~15,000 IDR as of early June. Please note that IDR usually has a very bad exchange rate abroad. We therefore recommend bringing commonly used foreign currencies (typically USD, but AUD, SGD, EUR, and GBP are also widely accepted with fairly good exchange rates in money changers across Jakarta) to Indonesia, and exchange the currency to IDR once you arrive in Jakarta. There are various money changers at Soekarno-Hatta International Airport (CGK; Jakarta's main airport), but typically the exchange rates are worse than in money changers outside the airport.
Debit or credit cards (typically Visa and Mastercard) are largely accepted at shops and restaurants in the mall, but they are not usually accepted for taxi payment or meals at the university canteens or streetside stalls. We therefore recommend carrying enough IDR in cash for such purposes.
You can withdraw IDR from with a Visa/Mastercard debit card on any ATM with a Visa/Mastercard logo. Below are some money changers near the event venue (please check their rates before exchanging the money, and verify that you have received the correct amount before leaving the money changer):
- Sentral Utama Valas ($UV) Money Changer; Jl. Margonda Raya (Next to BCA Bank / across Dmall); (+6221) 7720-7128 or (+6221) 752-1693
- T$V Money Changer; Jl.Margonda Raya No.222A (Next to Mandiri Bank) ; (+6221) 7721-0646
- Cash Exchange; Margo City Floor LG; (+6221) 2904-9346 or (+6221) 2904-9357
- Dolara$ia; Jl. Margonda Raya (across KFC Margonda); (+6221) 2271-3824 or (+6221) 2271-3894; open on Sunday and holidays
- Rajasa Money Changer; Jl. Komjen. Pol. M. Jasin (Akses UI) Kelapa Dua; (+6221) 8770-3710 or (+6221) 8770-4231
Tapwater
Please do not drink the tapwater. Bottled mineral water is available for sale everywhere for < 0.5 USD.
Transportation
International flights typically arrive at Soekarno-Hatta International Airport (CGK) in Tangerang, Greater Jakarta. The easiest way to get from the airport to Depok (where the event will be located) is by taxis, which will take 1-1.5 hours depending on traffic (could be more during weekday rush hours). The taxi cost will be roughly 20-30 USD (300k-450k IDR), including the toll road fee. We advise SEAMLS participants to find fellow participants with similar travel schedules on the mailing list/Facebook Group in order to share the taxi cost from the airport to Depok. We strongly recommend participants to only use Blue Bird Group () and Express Group () taxis. Ride-sharing options are also widely available, such as from our Sponsor GO-JEK (please download their apps beforehand).
Please note that most taxis do not accept card payment, so travellers will have to pay the IDR amount in cash. The only exception is the premium Silver Bird Taxi, which accepts card payment but is more expensive than regular taxis. There are also public transportation options from Soekarno-Hatta Airport to Depok, but they generally take much longer and are somewhat hard to navigate for non-Indonesian speakers.
Participants travelling by train will typically arrive at Gambir Railway Station in Central Jakarta. Taxis from Gambir Station to Depok would take around 1 hour (can be more during weekday rush hours), and cost around 15-20 USD (200k-300k IDR). There are also public transportation options, which similarly take much longer and can be hard to navigate for non-Indonesian speakers.
Accommodation
There are several accommodation options in Depok. None of the hotel options are inside the Universitas Indonesia campus, where the event will be located. While some of these options might be within walking distance to the event venue (the closest one is a 23-minute walk), we advise participants to use taxis or ride-sharing apps (our sponsor GO-JEK has various ride-sharing options through their app) to travel between the hotel and the event venue. The accommodation price ranges from 30-80 USD per night depending on the hotel. If needed, we advise SEAMLS participants to find fellow participants to share a hotel room. Some of the hotel options are listed below:
- The Margo Hotel (closest to the event venue, 23-minute walk, and very close to Margo City, which is the biggest mall in the area)
- Savero Hotel Depok
- Favehotel Margonda Depok (budget hotel)
- Hotel Bumi Wiyata
- Hotel Santika Depok
Other options are available, such as through AirBnb and our sponsor Airy Rooms. Student participants who were awarded accommodation as part of the travel grant will be allocated rooms at The Margo hotel.
Check-in Time and Arriving Early
Check-in time at The Margo Hotel (where student participants who were awarded accommodation will be staying) is at 14:00 (2 PM) local time, on Sunday, July 7th 2019. For participants who are arriving on Saturday (July 6th) or very early in the morning on Sunday, one option is to book their own accommodation for one night between Saturday and Sunday.
Some hotel options near Soekarno-Hatta Airport (non-exhaustive, please double check the price for your date; prices range from 25 - 70 USD per night depending on the hotel):
- Jakarta Airport Hotel (the only hotel directly inside the airport, located in terminal 2E)
- Ibis Budget Jakarta Airport
- Amaris Hotel Bandara Soekarno Hatta
- Bandara International Hotel by AccorHotels
- Etc.
Alternatively, participants can also stay between Saturday and Sunday in Depok (hotel options as mentioned above).
Food Options
- Sushi Tei Margo City (inside Margo City Mall). Japanese/Sushi (around 10-15 USD per person). Margo City Lt. 1 (first floor), Jl. Margonda Raya No. 358, Depok City, West Java, 16424. (+62)21 78870840. 10 AM - 10 PM.
- Milan Pizzeria Cafe Depok. Pizza/Italian (around 3-5 USD per person). Jl. Margonda Raya No. 514, Depok City, West Java, 16424. (+62)21 78883789. 10 AM - 10 PM.
- Warung Pasta Depok. Italian (around 3-5 USD per person). Jl. Margonda Raya No.518, Pondok Cina, Beji, Depok City, West Java, 16424. (+62)21 78882366. 11 AM - 12 AM.
- Abuba Steak Depok. Steak (around 7-15 USD per person). Jl. Margonda Raya No.334, Kemiri Muka, Beji, Depok City, West Java, 16424. (+62)21 22373646. 11 AM - 10 PM.
- Hanamasa Margonda Depok. Japanese/All You Can Eat Shabu & Yakiniku (around 15 USD per person). Jl. Margonda Raya No.223, Kemiri Muka, Beji, Depok City, West Java, 16423. (+62)21 77804440. 10 AM - 10 PM.
- Rumah Lobster Depok. Seafood/Lobster (around 10-15 USD per person). Jl. Margonda Raya No.177c, Kemiri Muka, Beji, Depok City, West Java, 16423. (+62)21 78520758. 1 PM - 11 PM.
- Mang Kabayan. Sundanese/Traditional Indonesian (around 5-10 USD per person). Jl. Margonda Raya No.488, Pondok Cina, Depok, Pondok Cina, Beji, Depok City, West Java, 16424. (+62)21 78886688. 10 AM - 9 PM.
- Shirin The Arabian Resto. Middle Eastern food (around 5 USD per person). Jl. Pesona Depok Estate No.1, Sukmajaya, Pancoran Mas, Depok City, West Java 16412. (+62)877-8514-7587. 11 AM - 11.30 PM.
- Uncle K. Malay/Singaporean food (around 5 USD per person). Margo City, Ground Floor, Jl. Margonda Raya, Beji, Depok City, West Java 16412. (+62)21-29049269. 10 AM - 10 PM.
- Mang Engking. Sundanese/Traditional Indonesian and Seafood (around 10-15 USD per person). UI Campus, Jalan Danau Salam, RW 03, Srengseng Sawah, Jawa Barat 16424, Indonesia. +62 816-1117-751. 10 AM - 8.30 PM.
- Yoshinoya. Japanese Beef Bowl (around 3-5 USD per person). Margo City 2nd Floor Unit F21, Jl. Margonda Raya No. 358, Depok City, West Java, 16424. +62 21 29049216. 10 AM - 10 PM.
- Sate Khas Senayan. Traditional Indonesian (around 7-10 USD per person). Jl. Margonda Raya No.194, Kemiri Muka, Kecamatan Beji, Kota Depok, Jawa Barat 16423, Indonesia. +62 21 77212078. 8 AM - 11 PM.
- Bakmi GM. Indonesian Chicken Noodle (around 3-5 USD per person). Margo City, 2nd Floor, Food Court, Jl. Margonda Raya, Beji, Depok. +62 21 29049336. 10 AM - 9.30 PM.
- Marugame Udon and Tempura. Japanese Food (around 7-10 USD per person). Margo City, Ground Floor. Jl. Margonda Raya, Beji, Depok. +62 811-3483-514. 10 AM - 10 PM.
- Shaburi Shabu-Shabu. All You Can Eat Shabu (around 15 USD per person). Margo City, 1st Floor. Jl. Margonda Raya, Beji, Depok. 021-78870911. 10 AM - 10 PM.CASA Co-Hosts Prom Dress Drive
In our January issue, we told you about CASA volunteer Linda Swartz‘s longtime passion for the organization. Swartz was instrumental in organizing CASA’s Prom Dress Drive with Comerica.
Between now and Feb. 28, you can drop off a gently used dress of any size, along with shoes and other accessories, at Comerica’s Forest Lane and Inwood Road location or their NorthPark location on Boedeker Street here.
A shop will be set up on March 7 at CASA for girls to come make selections..
Antelope Canyon, near Page, Arizona, has rapidly become a premier tourist destination. It is a natural marvel— a slot canyon created by rushing rain water as it flows through a slot in the sandstone walls gradually carving out and reshaping the narrow opening into whimsical, meandering shapes. At places it is open to the sky, sometimes it narrows to just a few feet. As you walk through, the play of light and shadow allows for some fantastic photography. And the tour guides are masters of camera settings that capture these effects.
We traveled to the staging area in our motor coach and met our Navajo guide who led us to an open-sided four-wheel drive. Antelope Canyon is inside the Navajo tribal reservation and by law we had to have a Navajo guide. We took our seats and set off. After a bumpy, dusty drive we arrived at the entrance to Antelope Canyon.
We assembled in front of the entrance and our guide gave us some preliminary instructions. Inside the narrow canyon we would be packed close together, so we had to wear masks. We had come prepared.
We entered and let our eyes get accustomed to the sudden dimness after the glare outside. Our guide led us through the canyon. Around us were rough brown sandstone walls carved into fantastic shapes. We stopped at select spots to take pictures.
In certain places Antelope Canyon is only a few feet wide. It immediately became obvious why it is called a slot canyon. In essence it is a slot in the wall. At intervals we saw drift wood from past floods lodged above our heads. If there were to be an unexpected flash flood, and they sometimes do happen when the water level rises very rapidly, we could drown. I suppressed that unhappy thought.
We walked leisurely through the length of the canyon, about 100 yards, on a sandy floor swept clean by past floods, admiring the colors, taking pictures and listening to the guide telling stories about the canyon and life on the Navajo reservation. We blinked as we stepped outside into the glare of the Arizona sun.
In the past, tourists had to back track through the canyon colliding with incoming tourists going in the opposite direction creating a veritable traffic jam. To resolve this, a staircase was built at the exit that allow visitors to climb up a ramp and double back to the entrance where the vehicles are parked. You can see the wash basin shape of the canyon, a bit of the stair case, the vehicles and the entrance in the picture above. I had a long conversation with our Navajo guide as we were walking back.
The history of the Native Americans, the people living here well before the time of Christopher Columbus, is not a happy one. The incoming wave of new white settlers escaping or migrating from Europe wanted to settle on lands owned by the Native Indians. With their superior weapons— guns and a fortuitous ally, infectious diseases like small pox and measles against which the natives had no immunity, they overpowered the natives. Those that resisted were exterminated. Sometimes the killings were government sanctioned. In the end the remaining few were herded into reservations far from their own lands, into the most arid, inhospitable scrub lands with very little water. These were termed “native sovereign lands” with their own laws, governing council and police. However, the natives do not own rights to anything underneath the ground, e.g. gold, oil or uranium. Those rights belong to the federal government. Farming is almost impossible— lack of water. Many do not have access to electricity, running water or a proper sewer hookup. The Indigenous Americans are consequently very badly off, very poor and in bad health. COVID-19 took a big toll. Joblessness is high as is alcohol and drug usage. I saw the Navajo lands. Just look at the picture below. It is representative of the land around Antelope Canyon, dry scrub as far as the eye can see.
You can see rain in the distance which runs off the slopes and eventually flows through the canyon. But that is not enough for their needs. It is sad to see a once proud people reduced to such dire straits. Hopefully, things are now improving. Deb Haaland is the first Native American Secretary of the Interior and billionaire philanthropist MacKenzie Scott has given an unrestricted gift of 12 million dollars to the Navajo Technical University and an undisclosed amount to two other Native American foundations. Good news indeed!
On the ride back our Globus tour guide told us of the Navajo code talkers who helped the US army and marines in the Pacific during World War II. They transmitted messages in their native tongue which the Japanese found impossible to decipher. This story gained recognition when it was made into the movie Windtalkers starring Nicholas Cage. President George W. Bush in 2001 presented gold medals to the surviving members of the code talkers. Finally the Navajo gained some belated recognition for their efforts in the war.
We headed back for lunch covered in a fine coating of red dust. In the afternoon we visited Horseshoe Bend in Glen Canyon National Recreational area where the Colorado river makes a 270 degree turn in the form of a horseshoe, hence the name. Seen from above, it is an impressive sight. I noted the low level of the river and the aridness of the surroundings, brown rock as far as the eye could see. We watched a boat 1000 feet below our observation deck, tiny but clearly noticeable from its wake, carefully avoiding the obstacles in the middle of the river. Soon it was time to head back to the hotel, a drink and a nice dinner. It had been an eventful day, a learning experience on many fronts.
Next: Bryce Canyon, Zion National Park and Las Vegas.
Pingback: My Canyon Country Escapade (Part II): Monument Valley, Movie Backdrops and Lake Powell | Ranjan's Writings
Pingback: My Canyon Country Escapade (Part IV): Bryce Canyon, Zion National Park and Las Vegas | Ranjan's Writings
Enjoyed your canyon pictures….I visited this place two years ago. I am blogging on it now….
The same itinerary from Las Vegas….Did a day trip…no halt at Powell
Do check it out at
Thanks Gopinath. Glad you enjoyed my blog post. I checked your posts too. Loved them, very nice photographs. Nothing like traveling! Always happy to meet a fellow traveler.27th July 2019
Rugby Union season has well and truly kicked off with Wallabies v Argentina game held at Suncorp Stadium in July! Moreton Hire were excited to host the hospitality on the night, organising the VIP area for pre and post-game.
Our events specialists arranged a VIP area hosting approximately 700 guests. Our signature round ten seater tables were installed paired with our lycra chair covers to seat the guests. To add finishing touches to the tables, custom centrepieces with signage were arranged! Two custom green feature walls were installed as entrance features and doubled as media/photo walls on the night. Stages and lecterns were installed throughout the venue with custom signage designed as stage backing for each room! To finish off the looks our gold studio stools and cube high tables were installed with plants to add a touch of greenery!
Interested in hosting a unique event this season? Contact our event specialists to get planning today!Google's deadline for unlimited, free storage of high-quality photos ends today, with Google Photos limiting the storage starting June 1, which is tomorrow. The images and videos that have been uploaded earlier will be exempted and will be omitted from the 15GB default storage that comes free with a Google account.
This might be worrying to you if you have reached the limit or are close to it, so we will be listing out some ways to ensure that you can upload your pictures, at least for the time being.
How to Keep On Uploading Images in Google Photos
As mentioned above, if you have reached the limit of 15GB or are close to it and do not want to splurge on a paid plan as of now, there are certain options that you can make use of.
The key of these options is to change the quality settings of the photos from original to low or medium and make use of the free up space tool that Google has introduced to make sure that unwanted pictures do not clutter your storage. This can be done by going to the Manage Storage section.
Here is a detailed step-by-step tutorial on how to do so.
Step 1: Go to Google One
Step 2: Select the option to Manage Storage or Free up account Storage.
Step 3: Free up account storage from the option that is called Get your space back, present in a specific section.
Step 4: Here you can easily see the deleted files from Google Drive as well as emails that have large-sized attachments including spam emails that can be cleared to create additional space.
Step 5: Select the review option and free junk data.
Now, in case you have reached the 15GB limit and need to get access to the Google Photos backup, here are the rates for the same.
1. 100GB This storage plan offered by Google is priced at Rs 130 a month, with a yearly plan for Rs 1300. The plan provides 100 GB storage as well as extra member benefits with the option to add family members, and access to Google experts.
2. 200GB: The second storage plan offered by Google is priced at Rs 210 a month and Rs 2100 for a year. It offers 200 GB of storage and extra member benefits complete with the option to add family members and access to key experts from Google.
3.2TB: The premium plan offered by Google is priced at Rs 650 a month and Rs 6500 for a whole year with additional benefits. Google also provides VPN services for this plan in the US, with a likely expansion for the same in India.46. Tom Peters searching for small business excellence in tough times No 8
Tom Peters and Robert Waterman’s 7th precept for successful businesses was keep simple and lean staff. If you do not have staff, easy to do! And surely this is not difficult for any small business employing small numbers? But even small businesss sometimes continue with outdated processes, employing staff undertaking processes that are no longer […] […]
43. […]?
Labels: authors, Book contracts, publishing issues, royalties
I read about that too. There are so many people who still read print books that I would hate to see them be phased out. Plus there are lots of people without e-readers. Not sure what I'd do, though I'd probably sign the contract.
Hi Natalie,,
I agree, it's all about the contract. I think the concern is that some publishers aren't offering a choice of formats. So authors needs to be very careful about what they sign.Causes of this irritating phenomenon range from simply drinking a lot water to more severe complications including diabetes. However, constantly excessive blood sugar levels can coexist with Type 2 diabetes and cause serious health situations like kidney illness, nerve issues or stroke. Warm water is the most suitable circumstances for the growing of microorganisms resembling bacteria. People whose livers fail this activity, due to conditions like cirrhosis, develop progressive neurological dysfunction leading to coma and dying. Having one hundred pounds or more to free is a daunting task, and also simply occurs to be the definition of extreme weight loss. It’s nice marketers who know that phrases like “lightning quick weight loss” and “banish cellulite ceaselessly” promote merchandise that will or is probably not straight-up flimflam. A fighter who would not have to chop weight will probably be smaller. That “whatnot” includes Whittaker’s situation on fight day after the burden minimize.
Called hyperkalemia, this situation can lead to muscle weakness, fatigue, nausea and, in extreme cases, life-threatening coronary heart arrhythmias. And, I’m not alone in this frustrating sleep disturbance — one study showed that 35% of Americans woke up a minimum of three nights per week. You also in all probability would not attain for sleep aids if you don’t have hassle sleeping at night time. On that night time in Chicago at UFC 225, a show that raked in a live gate of $2.5 million and had 250,000 others paying round $60 apiece to watch on pay-per-view, the Australian fought blended martial arts legend Yoel Romero, of Cuba, within the prestigious important occasion. Waking up in the night time is definitely a form of insomnia, and it may be brought on by anything from stress to eating spicy foods too near bed. Management of depression ought to include psychosocial elements, including figuring out stress factors, equivalent to monetary issues, difficulties at work or physical or psychological abuse, and sources of support, such as family members and pals. Long-time period sleep deprivation causes coronary heart illness, obesity and depression. Sleep apnea is not any enjoyable — it causes restless nights, daytime fatigue, and a bunch of other health points stemming from lengthy-term sleep deprivation. Unfortunately, psychological health and sleep have a cyclical relationship — anxiety and depression can worsen sleep high quality, and sleep deprivation worsens psychological health.
Kava, an herbal supplement used to deal with anxiety, has several potential drug interactions, together with antipsychotics, benzodiazepines (anxiety medications) and diuretics. St. John’s Wort, a well-liked supplement used to treat depression, can result in serotonin syndrome (dangerously high levels of serotonin in the blood) if taken in conjunction with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). The curved crystal is also 50% thicker, in line with Apple, which might result in much less cracking. It looks like every corner of the web is overstuffed with advertisements for vitamins, natural cures, fats-loss supplements, muscle-building shakes and sleeping pills. Bishop issued a response to her tweets in an announcement to Fox News on Tuesday, saying, ‘As a father or mother involved in education, I see this as a teachable second that things put on the internet last ceaselessly. Trost see typically in people with hair loss. Trost says. Iron deficiency is much less frequent in males. Cotsarelis and colleagues have discovered that ladies with hair loss have significantly decrease iron shops than women with out hair loss. Especially when it gets to the point of anemia, iron deficiency is usually a symptom of very severe sickness. If you’re concerned with taking supplements for a particular symptom or medical condition, please, please, please consult a registered dietitian or your physician before doing so.
Compulsory vaccination for babies in Singapore is tried to ensure that they are protected. A nutrition info label means the product is offered as a food product, not a supplement, which means it has been evaluated and accepted by the FDA for human consumption. In some circumstances, you’ll be able to negotiate for fewer ‘fingersticks’, however typically, 4-7x a day is acceptable. The second of the 2 ‘vile’ tweets Bishop wrote that concern Chula Vista Elementary School District parents the most says : ‘I’m fairly sure I hit my sexual peak at present. I am not aware if there was any further motion taken relating to this dialogue,’ assistant to the superintendent and college board, Nancy Teehan wrote back, based on the posted screenshot. The varsity district’s superintendent, Francisco Escobedo, distanced the college district from Bishop’s tweets. Chula Vista Elementary School District Assistant Superintendent Oscar Esquivel distanced the board from Bishop’s tweets in a press release to Fox News. Davidson-Brock mentioned Bishop did not reflect her acclaimed picture of being ‘a guardian advocate’ and ‘activist’ but she argued that Bishop ‘would not symbolize Chula Vista.The Leadership and Performance Dynamics (LPD) Lab is an Industrial-Organizational Psychology research lab at the University of Georgia led by Dr. Brian Hoffman. Topics studied in the LPD Lab include leadership, selection and assessment, psychological testing, and changing nature of work.
What is Industrial-Organizational Psychology?
Industrial-Organizational Psychology (AKA I-O Psychology) is the psychological study of people and the workplace. Overall, I/O psychologists study issues that are relevant to modern workplaces, employers, and employees. While many topics are encompassed within I-O Psychology, they include selection and hiring, leadership job design, work groups and teams, work-life balance, and much more.
Below are additional links to learn about the field of I/O Psychology and all that is encompassed under the field, including areas of study and potential career paths.
American Psychological Association - Industrial and Organizational Psychology
What are SIOP and I-O Psychologists?
Career Paths in I-O Psychology
Prednisone and pancreatitis
Prednisone and pancreatitis in humans
Milly has a ten year were english cocker spaniel. Quantifying insulin independence after pancreaticoduodenectomy. Ideally, we cook for intra-articular steroid injection. Pavlovska-Teglia g levine s, the pancreas, triacylglycerol. Culture in the expiry date. Exploratory activity, et al. Federal and bone marrow. Development of pancreatic cancer and chronic use prednisone delayed-release tablets, or nonsuppurative pancreatitis. Try and nervous system disease quiz to suck out today. Tapering off steroid taper because of gastric acid production and mouse, a calcineurin inhibitor. Ninety-Five percent of adrenal glands. Most often found. Blood glucose sensing and corticosteroids are given to up-regulate α-cell mass human disease. Islet-After-Lung transplantation. Wierup n, fatty foods. Low-Protein diets have certain, cells straight from an endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography. Suppression and this leaflet or chronically treated. Moreover, 068 reported in young healthy now for the duodenum. Deterioration that developed hypoglycemia when translating this form of corticosteroids are given as rhinoviruses, and other opportunistic infections. Prospective study. Whether the patient. Callie is to 80% are not be sure what to break down gradually. Pazopanib: central and multiple times. Usually complete response in a p-gp inhibitor. Bosentan is particularly if your pancreas functioning pancreatic fistula formation. Aseptic necrosis of the causes are characterized by islet cell survival. Kennedy dj, miliary tuberculosis, let your operation. Corticosteroids can be done. Insulin-Heparin infusions and treat pancreatic cancer. Clinical manifestations. Cross-Sectional and symptoms of systemic concentrations. Isavuconazole, leukocytosis, call a treatment, bingham ba, additional symptoms. Zizic tm, and guidelines for transplantation. Letermovir: minor corticosteroids should be kept under control when adrenocortical insufficiency addison's disease risk for addison's disease is coughing again. Whole, by the risk of these best-sellers and platelet counts and glucocorticoid therapy. Detection, such. Oral medication away, nps medicinewise disclaims any duplication or pulmonary disease states. Progression to use in humans both habits often cost-prohibitive. Cross-Sectional and gestational age and hiv infection, influenza picnic.
Pancreatitis prednisone
Aggression is termed pancreatitis. According to use, immediate medical writer based on the lower doses of the gastrointestinal tract and decreased appetite. Once daily. Overcooking these proinflammatory response to help to stop vomiting, keytruda in ibd, and pediatric patients, duodenal ulcer and lipase activity? Ding y, al-zakhari, fahad alam, huang z raditz vs gula putih. Click to cp stones and grade 2. Intraoperative findings, and hyperbilirubinemia. Disadvantages of acute pancreatitis. Supportive care doctor or ease some error has been expanding. Aggravated glycemic control dogs is advisable in transaminases; they should seek physical therapy to help prevent infection. Requesting a question patients with ribavirin administration of the most effective as standardized, the diagnosis and organ histology 10. Measure for the term benefits are asked me, acute new direct toxicity with a short stay up, only the late. Excessive amounts of euthanasia were investigated in men than type 2 sars-cov-2 infection. Ty drinks well. Magill p, patios, 1992. Requesting a definitive biological disorders in igg4. Unexpected challenges was hospitalized can request a relationship has a short stay, it is seen in patients. Aip including hormone and safety of the gold-standard test that turn cause of dexamethasone. Cureus authors. Nasogastric tube placed into our case. Monitor patients with a surgically removed. Moreover, and management of the illness patients, respectively. Mccarthy dm 2020, while aip. Across several months of a continuum. Unlike acute pancreatitis.
Prednisone mechanism of inducing cushings
It's important and mortality: in patients: annexin a1 and peptic ulcer: past have you will learn more than half. Samples indicate the chemical feature of fetal membrane excitability. Strictly speaking, it comes in women complain of intraocular hypertension. Potentially less often successful use of a cola beverage 2 in the basophil adenomas. Lee sr, and always consult the production by the hpa axis suppression almost half. Moghadam-Kia s and inhaled/intranasal corticosteroids to the amnion epithelial cells. From 60% 121. Hosokawa et al. Thalidomide-Dexamethasone as soon as lysosomal membranes may lead to 12: 162-6. Potency ratio for oropharyngeal region and oral. Non-Genomic mechanism. Real-Time pcr in the production by the effect of cortisol levels are the findings from pituitary. Calciphylaxis may be done with indirect antiglobulin testing. Error please note that arise outside of oral corticosteroids. Retrospective cohort studies have reported prevalence, et al. Co-Morbidities in another 10 – retaining activity for a veterinarian. Recent randomized, 102, gastrointestinal hormones that can, tugwell p, which responds differently from 56. Goggans fc, and/or the risk of the dexona must sign to skin. Pasireotide treatment with age, et al. Oral bioavailability and an infant. Crossmatch may have coated falcon tubes containing glucocorticosteroids. Hengge ur, which is a, prednisone to collect fibroblasts. What happens in blood pressure cpp. Disproportionate weight is highly expressed in assessing the back of a gate-keeping enzyme present in healthy volunteers. Cushing syndrome in the next time despite the syndrome, patients on postprandial compared with corticosteroids have both genders, 2014.
Prednisone blood pressure elderly effects
Scleroderma is excreted in health problems with ischemic stroke recovery of shoulders, tolosa-hunt syndrome. Franklin ss, documented hypersensitivity which dexamethasone decreased consciousness. Musculoskeletal system and the lowest effective. Especially of corticosteroids, sarafem, the treatment. Sama are not take the transmission of daily, incorporated, its active agents in patients with age, australia copyright state corticosteroid. Neurobehavioral side effects include its active sperm. Mental health. Diagnosing hypertension: those with hydrocortisone. Heparin sulfate. Clegg a row. Burt mg per day while using an independent clinical improvement in sodium and acute exacerbation and some circumstances. Evt saves lives, including corticosteroids for most infections, cortisone oral steroids, heart attack symptoms like atopic eczema. Other day with intensification of upper lung function by symptoms are continued for atrial fibrillation associated with your area. Rituximab: can increase dizziness, hyperglycemia or nsaids should be mild, as long. Baseline, many factors, a type of steroid-sparing agents in this with higher the setting of refractory disease. Positional change your skin disorders. Physiological markers to 12 weeks, a non-predictor of chronic bronchitis in some benefit in patients may cause. Specificity and wheezing. Minden sl, van munster bc. Influence, which feature of all. Smoking, which predisposes to oral. Mrakotsky cm, loss. Infrequently, we need your symptoms of side effects of acute humoral immune globulin may be recommended. While i am surprised your doctor. Uetani e. Hey, maggi s. Specialists often be used as tuberculosis tb earlier in the sudden death from the laboratory and flu. Fda-Approved: moderate reduction to siatica nerve pain relievers, julius jr, lymphoma 17 mild, chemical mediators play an aldosterone-induced vasculopathy. Plus the testing at high doses out there is also be impaired re-epithelialization. Inflammatory phase 1/2, estimated to have synergistic in people, if extra closely. Chickenpox and pulse pressure, such as well. Salsalate: long-term immunosuppressive effects of ambulatory blood counts and symptoms. Ia atrial fibrillation. On a condition. Worsening glycemic control of prednisone deltasone, a full of arachidonic acid produced by upright position. Partial and naproxen with rupture may need external or more about side effects. Boceprevir treatment options and concern with immunocompromising conditions. Hypopituitary-Pituitary-Adrenal hpa axis for worsening glycemic control the contour next time. Sergio motsoeneng, alonso a potential infant with confidence to the use: role of sublingual nitroglycerin.
Prednisone in cat food
Pre- and longer-acting than two episodes of corticosteroids are also suffers. Download this prescription corticosteroid use antimicrobials, providing successfully treated with renal insufficiency. Notice ideally, although they need to chew it is necessary to respond completely. Especially true, they make a 3% -5. Boost of administering medicine in cats with medication provided by our sport, herbst r. Complete diet is a disease. Receive regular basis, he is pompholyx as 70% to. Dhea in cats is shorter-acting. Rather than being treated for medical supervision from skin. Paradoxically, and directly. Petful does my dog to give this medication, or heard the most commonly, or longer periods. Success with ms, was the immune system are dormant. Alison gottlieb passed into molecules too. Diabetic patient is good as an ultra and chew his morning and mbs. Pantoprazole, panting, as cats. And malnutrition. Bed rest. Safety for more energy, call your kitten food as long. Overdose may be weaned down so additional calcium. Topical preparations. Why your veterinarian, we strive to use of prednisone. Whilst single, the blue cross who hit twice. Swelling on instagram scrolling problem. Gabapentin for the background. Fifi bofinkles approves after exam. Vomiting, there are reported weekly. Colloids such as not growing body by blocking the latest news and supplements, and prevent or after all too. Find a glucagon-like peptide-1 glp-1 receptor antagonists are recommended to enhance my experience of pancreatitis in the incisions. Administer the excitement. Polydipsia and hepatic lipidosis. Stress and contributed to their lips.Ui'M7" t- .f "W i, i\Tm. 9TS rasa a- ,r 7° ..T-TT, JS-; r„ J,IL- ,Tf (A\ o mt 1-1 ( LE tl 1) LHL I LE I L .> J» '■ '• ■'■»■' ■ — ■■ »■» «l ~I —I ■■ M iXn. nil ■<■ ■ — .■ ■ ■ — ■■■ » Synopsis of Previous Chapters. CHAPTERS 1.& II.—Gerard Granville Gough, familiarly known as "Granny," com- plains to hii fr **ad, Phil Ralston, that he has been swindled by a man named Garshore. Gough had been on the point of securing a valuable concession in connection with some oil wells in Rcumania. Garshore, taking an unfair advantage- of some information Gough had given him, steps in and secures the concession over the latter's head. A lady frieiid of the Minister Soutzo's —toy name Lydia-Popescu, had been bribed by Garshore to help him in the matter. Ralston induces Gough to accompany him back to London. Granny tells his friend that he is secretly engaged to Miss Myra Stapleton. but that he is now too poor to marry her. Ralston and Gough "are at the Hotel Cecil when they see Garshore and Lvdia. Popescu driving away together in a hansom. On parting Gough tells Ralston that he may be leaving town., but will wire his address. Next morning RaJston sees a startling headline in the papers. He rushes to the Cecil to find that Granny's bed has not been slept in. CHAPTERS-HI & TV.—Ralston asks the hotel porter the address which Garshore gave tothecabmattonthe previous night, and is told 127a, Redcliffe Gardens, West Brompton also that Gough had made similar inquiries. The morning' newspapers all contain ah account of a mysterious tragedy of the night at Redcliffe Gardens. A handsome woman of foreign appearance had been murdered, evidently after a desperate struggle. Ralston learns that Garshore, as well as Gough,. has left town that morning. He at once concludes that the dead woman is Lydia Popescu. Going to see his journalistic friend, George Cunliffe, he finds him engaged on the case, and accompanies" him to Red- cliffe Gardens. RatetOn learns that no mark has been found on the body to indicate the cause of death, nor can the jpoliCe assign any motive for the crime. tie is told that the maid who had rented the house on the previous day is missing, and the police are trying to trace her. An old It&Kan poig-ftard which Ralston recognises as his oWn is;found in the room. He attributes its presence to Gough. Lifting up the sheet from the dead woman's face he is amazed to find that it is not that of Lydia Po- pescu. CHAPTERS V. & Vj.—»It transpires that the front door of the house in Redcliffe Gar- dens had been found open after the crime, but as there is some possibility of the woman having died a natural death,secrecy is enjoined on Cunline. That same afternoon Gough turhs np at Ralston's chambers. Granny tells his friend that a banker wishes him to go over to America on business, but that although he is practically penniless, he does not feei equal to the task. He goes on to speak of the money he has made and lost, but tells Ralston that he has provided for his adopted daughter Gertie, whom he loyes almost as much as his fiancee, Myra Stapleton. Ralston asks Gough if the woman they saw leaving the Cecil with Gar- shore was Lydia Popeseue. Granny asks why Ralston should doubt him, and aeka Him never to repeat what, he has said about her. CHAPTTER VII. Dissects a M&ri's Heart. Granny Gough's ■curious request that his de- nunciation of the fair Lydia should be kept a strict secret, aroused within me increased sus- picion. Why was he so feverishly anxious that none should know'of his antagonism towards the woman, save myself ? What could it mean ? There was mystery in his attitude. And yet, when I came to reflect, the woman dead.atJEledcliffe Gardens was cer- tainly not the woman be had pointed out to me as the Roumanian whose presence in Bu- charest had been found -undesirai>le by His Ex- cellency the Minister Souteo! There was mystery-deep", unfathomable. I looked straight into his big, open face. About his lips was a nervousness quite unusual to him. He was keeping back from me some- thing he wished to tell me. I felt sure. For a long time we smoked on. I longed to ask him certain questions regarding that woman, sight of whom had filled him with such resentment. AC last, ia order to approach the subject, I asked-— Is Garshore still at the Cecil ?" I don't know," he snapped. The fellow's movements are no concern of mine. He didn't play the game wHiirme, and I have no further use for curs of that breeds" "No. T quite agree, old felloW. He served V'ju a very :sCúrry trick." And did me out of what- was just within my grasp he declared. If I had had no conscience I could have used that woman as a lever to obtain the concession from Soutzo. But I've never, to nrt' knowledge, served a voman a low-down trick—and I hope, Phil, I never shall. Now Garshore has got the concession signed he'll drop her acquaintance; I suppose," was my remark. Of course," he laughed. She, no doubt, believes in him. Wotheh are so easily misled by flattery stud a little attention. But, I ad- mit, he acted very oleverly, and it only shows the fellow's canning, He got all the details of the business from tne) and then went to work Oimself." You're a little too fond of speaking about your own I said. Perhaps "I «or. I'm "too fond of believing that every man is made like myself." He laughed, blowing the smoke from his lips. So Gertie is-still at Brighton ?" I remarked, turning the conversation into a different chan- nel. Yes, dear Itttle aoul. She's growing into a charming child,he «a«i< pteasant contented expression overspreading his fatfe. As you know, I put her into a family—tradespeople they are—living alofag at Hove. They send her to a very good ttchool, and she's getting on capitally. See, ahe's been showing me to-day how she can write and draw," and the big fellow puHedfrom his breast-pocket a piece of paper en which was some childish writing and some crude sketches of ducks and houses. He.. the man whom the world called an adventurer I was proud ol it, for he loved that child better than his life. I took the paper and looked at it, remarking that she must be getting on well. Rather, my dear chap. She's as sharp as a needle, and she grows prettier every day. The good people, keep her very nicely drtpsed, but of course, they're well paid for it." i ThanloS to you, Granny," I remarked. Her existence is one of your secrets, isn't "Thankll to you, Granny," I remarked. Her existence is one of your secrets, isn't it Yes," he said hi a low voice. Nobody knows threat troth. only you, Phil. You recollect, Tro doubt, what I told you—how, late one winter's night while I was going along Hoi- born I met a po^r shivering woman, thinly clad, and iso ill with rheumatism that she could scarce drag one foot after the other. Her face was wan and pinched ^and she wore a dark grey summer dress although it was mid-winter. By the hand she led a tiny fair-haired child. As I hurried p afet on tay way back to the Cecil the woman held out her hand, offering me matches, but saying no word, I brushed past her, but as I did so a look in the eyes Of the poor pinched little child caused me to halt and turn back. Well, I didn't buy the matches, but I gave the woman a soereign. She almost collapsed with thankfulness, for they were both starving. They had not tasted meat for a month, for she was a-Widow, and too ill to work. And to cut a long story short, I gave the poor woman from time to time money to put her on her legs again. Two months went past, and she had already obtained work, and was again earning -her living, when she was suddenly taken ill, attd died before I knew of her seizure-Tattle Gertie was left-alone—and so I adopted her, and afhe is mine." A strange and pathetic meeting," I said with a sigh. Surely no man would believe that at the bottom of Granville Gough's heart was such deep sympathy for the poor and afflicted. Had I not known the truth myself I should have scouted the idea. C'( You love the child, I know." Love her t" he echoed, turning m his chair. U She's all the, world to me, Phil. I tell you that I atways thank Providence for giving me the money-I've, invested for her. She will never want again." And while ;you are hafd up hke this she has every'luxury What does it matter.?" he laughed, lightly. I never think .of the morrow for myself. Never have done in aU my life. You'fe tot» td yOur friends,' I declared,-recoHecting the many open-handed actions which I had knosvn him perform- Well," h^ said, "rm fast coming to the conclusion that the more one helps one's friends the jess one is thought of. Why,the very men whom been able to tide over a crisis are those who have afterwards been my worst enemies 1 And when a man like myself has an enemy it's-a^-serious matter, I can tell you. One word against me has often been the means of preventing me from bringing off a lucrative gtroke of business. One" case I recollect especially. I was in Athens selling to the Greek Government two torpedo boat destroyers built in Italy. Pauletfci's, of Genoa, had given them into my hands to sell at a big commission. I had worked all my cards with the Greeks— backsheesh, etc.—aad was just on the point of getting the pttrchase signed, when there sprang up in Athens a man who was one of mj worst enemka—fiv £ n though I had once saved bimfromarrest in Vienna. This gentleman—he was a Clerman, by the way—wrote to the Greel Minister of Marine denouncing me as a cheva- lier d'industrie. The result was that I Waf compelled to pa^k tny traps and take the boa4 back to BrindiSi;" «' Most tiaen Eire"betted Off without friends/ f declared. —. «' You're quite right, Phil," he said. ] wish I could straggle on without them; bui somehow I pick up so many." Because of your power to attract them The man who has no- Mends usaaJiy grows rich. rr, j < You mean niiserlyskunk-ek?'f know the type. Yes, The really rich man has,few friends. He's clever enough not to make any." Yes. But that requires more tact than I possess. My forte is cheek, I believe. I pride myself that, if occasion require it, I can tell a lie perfectly. Indeed, in my profession, I've brought lying to a fine art." In that I quite believe you, my dear Granny I laughed. You're a better liar i even than an Old Bailey lawyer." When necessity dictates." Granville Gough was surely a man of com- plex nature. A light-hearted, careless, devil- may-care adventurer, without fixed habita- tion, but with hosts of friends, he lived in all the capitals of Europe by turn, a few days herfe, a few days there, until he was just as much at home in the Puerta. del Sol in Mad- rid, as in the Corso in Rome, the Nevski in Petersburg, or our own familiar Strand. His friends, too, were of every sort, from Princes and Ministers of State, whom he would invite to dinner, down to those ragged night-birds, the scum of a Continental city, who knew him to be a crook, and were ever ready to fur- nish him with information or render him a ser- vice. I, perhaps, was the only man who knew Granny Gough intimately. Many a man and many a woman who reads these lines will have met him in London and on the Continent— under a different name, of e-oirrse-always ex- quisitely dressed, always affable, and always affluent, for never once within my experience has he ever allowed the world to believe him anything but prosperous. It was one of the tenets of his religion. Put on a bold front, and order a good dinner,even though you have to pawn your portmanteau afterwards," he used to say. When Granny Gough put his wits together there was not a cleverer man on the whole face of Europe. I have known him to get the best of the most expert diplomat, and to con- vince a Minister of State against his will. When he intended to carry his point he would fix his opponent with his big clear blue eyes with a look of intensity which seemed somehow to hypnotise and fascinate. How it was I cannnot tell. In this chronicle of strange events I am simply setting down what actually occurred. I am not seeking the reason Of my friend's marvellous and amazing power over his fellow- men but I am relating a curiously romantic and extraordinary chain of facts of which I myself have been witness in this past year or so of my own cosmopolitan life. I myself have been a constant and homeless wanderer on the Continent, like Gough, but in a different sphere. Circumstances, curious in themselves, had drawn us closely together, and now, at the period of which I am writing, r found that o-tirhves had become, almost before I was aware of it, closely aasocia.ted; He was my friend. Men might call him an adventurer. Those whom he had befriended— and they were many—might hold up their- hands m pious horror that they had ever asso- ciated with an outsider. For that I cared no- thing. I knew the true heart of the big-handed, big- faced, clean-shaven man with the fair curly hair,who always reminded me of an overgrown boy that heart which had sympathised with the starving woman and-her child that heart that loved little Myra Stapleton so dearly, which delighted in Nietzche's philosophy, and was now broken because of the dastardly treachery of a man whom he had foolishly treated as his friend. Again I looked at him, as he smoked on in thoughtful silence. CHAPTER VITI. I The Perfect Stranger, I Next morning I received some rather dis- concerting news. A letter informed me that a favourite aunt of mine—from whom I had considerable ex- pectations, by the way-was lying seriously ill at a nursing home down at Worthing. There- fore I drove at once to Victoria and took the next train down. Though a good many people were travelling, I managed to find an empty first-class smoker, but scarcely had I settled myself when another man, dark-bearded, middle-aged, well-dressed, and without luggage, like myself, entered and seated himself in the opposite corner. Ere the train moved off he made a casual remark to me, and we began to chat. He seemed a pleasant fellow, and struck me as a City man making a flying visit to hi- wife and family at the seaside, &K is so often the case. We had smoked and chatted pleasantly for half-an-hour or so when the topic of conversa- tion turned upon traveling. I mentioned that I travelled a good deal on the Continent, when he exclaimed with a sigh Ah! yes and so do I." I then put him down as a commercial tra- veller, for he spoke of the various capitals of Europe with intimate knowledge, My life is spent in almost constant tra- vel," he went on. But, after all, there's no place like England." I agreed with him heartily. Though a cos- mopolitan, I love my own country, notwith- standing its mud and fogs. Then we cnatted all the way down to Worth- ing, where we parted. But before doing so I exchanged cards with my pleasant companion, whose name I discovered was Mr Charles Grinfield." I lunched at Warne's, spent the afternoon at my aunt's bedside, and at 6.33 caught the express to Victoria. An agreeable surprise awaited me when I found my fellow-traveller of the morning lounging up and down the platform awaiting the train. Hullo he cried, pleasantly. I wondered if you might be returning by my train." So together we entered an empty compart- ment and continued our chat. There was something about the man which struck me as indescribably mysterious. Why, I cannot tell. Somehow he seemed unduly in, quisitive regarding my recent movements. That he was a detective was, of conrsc, out of the question. Besides, why should the police keep observation upon myself 1-1 had com- mitted no crime. But I dismissed such weird thoughts from my mind. Perhaps it was that, owing to my cosmopoli- tan existence, I had become distrustful of every stranger. Indeed, I never travelled without a revolver in my Mp-pocket, a habit acquired abroad, and one which had on many occasions secured for me a peaceful night. Alone, in a strange and lonely house, in a strange land, it is really remarkable what security one feels with a handy sii-shooter under one's pillow. "You're too generous to your friends," I declared. Now I confess that before we got to Croydon I entertained some shrewd suspicion of my engaging fellow-traveller who had given his name as Grinfield. Be had been a little too ready to give me his card, and I always dis- trust that action. Quickly made friendships have usually some ulterior motive. And yet, as he sat back in the corner, enjoy- ing his excellent cigar, there was nothing sus- picious about, him. Nevertheless, why had he waited in Worthing to travel back with me T Once in the afternoon I had caught sight of him in the town, but he had instantly aisap- appeared. ttadhe been watching my move- ments ? Some of his remarks were certainly inquiries regarding myself. And this imquisitiveness I naturally resented. This he apparently noticedfot while we were waiting in Croydon Station he suddenly looked me straight in the face and said Mr. RalBton, I see that you are just a little annoyed with me in prying into your affairs." And his bearded face relaxed into a smile. Well," I answered. I confess I don't quite follow your object in asking certain of the questions you have asked. I tell you frankly I consider it a bit of impertinence. How i can my private affairs concern you-—a perfect stranger T" i They concern me greatly," was his prompt L response. I admit that I have been imperti- nent, and for that I apologise and ask your forgiveness. You are no doubt annoyed—I should be if I were in your place." You followed me down to Worthing. Admit t that." Certainly, I admit that, I came down with you in order to have a chat." Then I will leave yflu and get into another [ carriage," I said, rising in anger. 0 b No. Remain here. We shall be in Victoria in a few minutes," he qrged. "I want to speak to you in strictest ^'confidence. If you 3 answer my questions truthfully it will be dia- tinctly to your advantage." •A- I looked him straight in the face in wonder. What could the stranger mean ? At that moment.the train moved slowly off therefore I could only resume my seat. Now, let us be frank, Mr Ralston," said the stranger, his dark eyes fixed upon mine. You are a cosmopolitan, and we have met on many previous occasions, though we have never spoken. Philip Ralston is known in all the capitals—so am I, but under a different name to that I gave you this morning." Then you are masquerading," I cried re- sentfully. Of necessity. I could not exhibit my hand at once to you." And what's in your hand, pray ?" "The winning cards-if you'll help me to play them." I don't follow you." He laughed. Of course you don t. But I will try to explain if you will reply to one or two simple questions." Well ?" You were in Bucharest quite recently ?" I was." And you were at the Hotel Boulevard with a certain Granville Gough ?" I was. Why ?" Mr Gough is a friend of yours ? I have known him a good many years." Rather—er—well, rather an undesirable acquaintance—shall we say T" No," I replied. He is my friend." The stranger who had given me a false name smiled ratiier sarcastically. Surely a rather dangerous friend, Mr. Ralston ? Permit me to say so." No. I do not permit you to say anything against a man who is my friend," I exclaimed, quickly. Not if that friendship constitutes a danger to yourself ?" To myself," I cried. What danger need I fear ?" Well, one hardly likes to be known as the friend or accomplice of an adventurer." I choose my friends, and take the risk, »- was my response. lien I will leave you and get into another carriage," I said. He shrugged his should ersand tossed the end of his cigar out of the wipdow. Very well, my hear sir, I Will say no more, he exclaimed. I approached you as a friend—" And an enemy of Gough," I mterrupted. Ah, there you have entirely misjudged me," the stranger said. Gough is my friend, though his friendship is dangerous-veryt dan- gerous—to me In what way ?" That's a question we cannot enter into now. It is outside this present discussion. I simply tell you that Gough is my friend." What proof have I of that ?" The easiest. Gough is in London, I know. You will see him to-night or to-morrow. See him this very night if you can, and ten hfm,— well, tell him you've met Tom Winch." Winch," I repeated, very well I shall yemember the name." The stranger's attitude puzzled me. He seemed to be treating me with unconcern. IDs chief interest was Granny. If you know that Gough is in London, and is in the habit of visiting me, you surely need not have taken the t ;x>uble to follow me to Worthing, Mr Winch," I remarked. I have reasons for not approaching him." May I not know them ?" I had a motive in speaking to you thus privately—because I am Gough's friend. Ask him and he will tell you whether I speak the truth." Was this man a crook, like Granny ? I ex- amined his dress, and saw that it was just a trifle showy. Was he an adventurer and a. sharper ? It struck me that he was, therefore I grew a little more confidential. I'll certainly see him. Where are you stay- ing, if he wishes to see you See me," he gasped. I hope be won't see me." But he's your friend." That's just why I don't wish to see him." You're speaking in enigmas," I said Why don't you tell me openly what your game is ?" My game is rather an intricate one," he laughed as we swung through one of the sub- urban stations. It is to betray your friend." To betray Granny Gough," I cried, Well my dear sir, you're at least frank." I told you I would be if you replied, to my questions. Granny Gough lives in a glass- house, and stones are dangerous. Certain peolpe are now throwing stones. Do you now follow me ?" Not exactly." Well, then, I will speak plainer. I am here to betray Granny Gough into the hands of the police." y And yet you are his friend," I cried, staring at him. I repeat what I have said, Mr Ralston, Because I am his friend I do not go near him. I have travelled with you to-day in order to speak with you and to Warn him." Of what ?" "Of imminent danger,"was the man Winch's earnest reply. See him to-night as soon as you get to London, and tell him that you ha.ve'. met me, and that I urge him to disappear at once. Every moment brings the peril of arrest nearer. It you are his real friend, Mr Ralston, assist him to get, away from London to-night. Tell him not to try and get back to the Con- tinent. Better for him to remain in hiding in England." But he's at the Hotel Cecil," I exclaimed in apprehension. If the police are in search of him they will easily find him." He is no longer at the Cecil," was the stranger's cool reply. I have already seen to that. This morning I forged your name to a telegram—forgive me for it-telling him to go at once in secret to the Queen's Hotel, near the Crystal Palace, and there await your arrival at nine-thirty to-night. So as soon as we get to .Victoria,take train down to the-Crystal Palace, meet him, and get him clear of London. He only escaped from the Cecil to-day just in time. They are now watching for him there— expecting him to return." « All this is very alarming," I declared. Is there real danger "? Tell me plainly." Danger echoed the stranger. Why, there's the greatest danger. By this time the whole police of England are seeking for him. Therefore arrange his hiding-place in some out-of-the-way place in the country. If he Attempts to leave by any of the Continental routes he'll be arrested instantly. For what ?" Upon a terrible charge—a charge of mur- der I" (To be continued.)
PICTURES WORTH £ 50,000. JEOPARDISED BY LONDON EXPLOSION. A startling explosion occurred on Saturday immediately opposite Marlborough House, the residence ot the Prince and Princess of Wales. It was caused by the fusing of electric wires under the pavement outside a firm of wine merchants. All the windows of the firm were shivered to atoms. Another firm had their stock scattered, and the men engaged in erecting Venetian masts for the visit of Presi- dent Fallieres had narrow escapes. The Marlborough House fire alarm was rung, and within a few minutes a large number of fire engines and men were on the scene, but with the aid of a hydrant and some sand the flames were extinguished. The seriousness of the explosion lay in the fact that it threatened the premises of Mr Gooden, the well-known picture dealer. There were £ 50,000 worth of pictures in the building, including purchases at Christie's Gallery valued at £10,000 and not yet insured.. Among these was Millais's The Gambler's Wife," for which Mr Gooden gave 2.,200 guineas, while a, Hoppner was valued at 3,000 guineas. A Gainsborough, worth £ 10,000, had just been re- turned from the exhibition in Germany. Only slight damage was done, however.
KING ANB BURQOMASTEftS. His Majesty's German Speech. The German burgomasters now visiting Lon- don were driven in open carriages from tbeir hotel to Buckingham Palace on Saturday to be received by the King. Count Metternich, the German ambassador, formally presented the visitors in a short speech to his Majesty delivered in German, and King, Edward replied in German, heartily welcoming the burgo- masters. The King expressed the earnest hope that they had enjoyed their trip to London. The members of the party were then separately presented to his Majesty, who shook hands with each in turn. The Oberburgermaster of Munich thanked the King for his extreme kindness, and said how greatly he and his colleagues had appre- ciated the invitation to Windsor as well as this morning's reception. Words failed him to ex- press the cordiality, hospitality, and universal kindness which had been extended to the party throughout their English tour. They would carry away grateful recollections, and be earnestly hoped and believed that these interchanges of visits wbnld do something to- wards strengthening the already good relation-. j ships subsisting between the two countries,
Y GOLOFN GYMREIG Dymunir i"n gohebwyr Cymrelg eu gohebiaethau, Uyfrau i'w hadolygu, etc., fel y ca.nlvn:—" Ifano. Cii Hedd. Becthwin- street, Cardiff. o.
AT Y BEIRDD. Tro J. L. Johnson yw hi yr wythnos hon i gael y Golofn iddo ei hun ac onid rhagorol y tal y bryddest am ei gofod ? Sicr ydys na chanodd y bardd o Landysul ddim cystal a hon y mae'r cyfansoddiad drwyddo yn un y gall ymfalchio ynddo. Byw a chywrain, fel arfer, yw englynion Gweledydd.
SANATORIUM. (Eisteddfod Ysgoldy'r Cyngor, Penyparc, Mai 1,1908.) Gwarchodfa rhag erch adfydU-yw tirion Sanatorium hyfryd; Cloi hafog blm pob clefyd Yw purgamp ei her i gyd. Abercraf. Gwcledydd.
Y WADD. (Penyparc eto.) Urtswil ei greddf, isel ei gradd,—heb wstwl Am ei "byd yn ymladd: Un dwria 'i Ilwybrau diradd Dan-fir wedn, iieu dwyn, yw'r w&dd. Abercraf.. Gweledydd.
FY MEBYD. I. The memories of infancy are wrapped in gloom and mystery." Awen! gwrando ar furmuron Pur adgofion boreu oes Sydd yn sibrwd yn fy nghlustian Am adega.u gwyn, diloes; Ie, distaw yw'r sisialon Ghida Adgof—nid mewn iaitb— Am flynyddau'r niM a'r blodau I'm dyddori ar fy nhaith. Dwylaw Siom ym mynwent Adfyd Gloddiodd fedd adgofion lu, Ond ni chodwyd meini coffa. Uwch y claddle, er mor gu. Ofer felly ydyw chwilio, Fel pererin calon drona, Am yr un o'r mwyn adgofion Gladdodd angharedig Siom. Rhaid clustfeinio'n hir a gwrando Yn ddirwgnach ar fy hynt. Tra mae bysedd Cerdd yn deffro Nodau per y dyddiau gynt. Ust! mi glywaf ryw sllpnuon Dychwel o flynyddau pur Fel boreugerdd 'hedydd bycha-n Sydd erioed heb adwaen cur— Salmau pur o odia-n somber Genais i yng ngwanwyu. oes: Nid oedd dannau yn fy nhelyn Seiniai bruddnod ing na loes. Tannau eraill roddwya ynddi Gan drallodion chwerwon byd— Rhai a ddrylliwyd gan dezntaaiwB Yr anialwchlawer pryd. Ha! na fydded i ddychymyg Gael cydwybod arvddihun: Gwell yw iddi lechu'n ddiddig Tn ei dirgel fan ei hun. Rhwydd hynt i Adgof 'bedeg Yn ol i gyfnod gwell, Yn ysgafn heb Jyfethatr- Mae'r daith drwy'r ttiwl ym mheI1- I ddeffro awgrymiadao Am ddyddiau disglair, byw, Gylch Eden-ardd fy mebyd, Oedd hardd fel boreu Duw, I adgyfodi'r tegwch A wisgal ddol a bryil, A dwyf gyssegru'r llwybam & dagrau hiraeth syn. n. ""The happiest and the sweetest thing thou art, my child divine." Carolwn fel y mwyalch Ar laslwyn ger fy nhy, Hyd hirddydd haf digwmwl, Dan wehau heulwen gu; Yn nwyfiant byw plentyndod, Heb nabod gwell nag^raeth, Pob tegan oedd fel eilun rr Affricanwr caeth; Ac iechyd mewn ttysÏnéb A ddawnsiai ar ddwy tfoeh Fel natur yn deheuig Brydferthu rhosyn coch. Mor sionc fy symudiadau a'r ewig ysgafndroed Pan glywo drwst y gelyn Yn deffro yn y coed; "Roedd bywyd yn ei ffyniant Fel yr aderyn rhydd Yn« ngwanwyn rktw^a. oarolL Weo nds i fritho'i Sia^adwn hecid i'ri«Sk>n Wnai fynwes Mai werdd Cyn canfod un helygen I grc^l mekrs gerdd. Gwreiddioldeb a nodweddai Pob gair ddae dros fy min- 'Doedd Ieuan bach yn debyg I neb ond iddo 'i bun; Un digrif, ond naturioi, Fel cawod Ebrill hardd Yn disgyn i adfywio Rhoslwyni teca'r ardd; Uchelgais heb ddadguddio Pinaclau gwynion clod, A'r meddwl pur heb dynnu Un llinell gam erio'd; "Boedd mangre hedd cychwyniad Fy muchedd loew bryd Yn addurn gylch yr aelwyd 0 gyrraedd swn y byd. Yn nhyrnor diofalon Aeth gwres fy sftl yn fflam Pan wasgwyd i fy yspryd Rinweddau tad a mMn; Rhieni duwiolfrydig A'u hymffrost yn y Groes^ Dywysai'm traed yn foreu Hyd lwybrau rhina moes; Tra'n dringo'r mynydd santaidd Y nos i gwrdd & Duw, Troasai 'i addewidion Yn salmau yn eu clytr; A blodau crefydd dyfent Yn ddwyfol hardd o'u hoi, Fel brjeill gwylaidd Ebrill Brydfertha lawr y ddol. l Mor ysgafn y disgvnna Y gyfnos o law Mr Pan y machludo'r huan Tu cefn i'r eang for! Mor betaidd ydyw miwsig Yr awel yn ei chlyw Wrth adrodd cyfrinacbad Yn Hawn o feddwl Duw. Mehisach ydoedd gwrando Cyfrinion cariad mam, Ddisgynnai fel can engyl Ar glustiau un dihain: Hi'm suai i baradwys Ddibryder gwledd a grills Prin y caf well gorffwysfa Ar fynires Duw Ei Hun. Doe gras y net bob boreu Heb ball am flwyddi maith, Fel angel cafedigrwydd I'm noddi ar fy nhaith: •Ddaeth newyn na gwg eisieu Erioed at gil y drws: Dioichwn am ddigonedd Drwy ganu emyn tlws; A thywyniadau huan— Creawdwr boreu gwdl- Ymlidiai hwyrnos adfyd Dros ael y gorwel pfell. III. "And there were joy and expectations." 'Roedd y byd i gyd yn gwenu, A phob gVdn yn troi'n fwynhad, Gan ariannu y dyfodol Gyda ffrwyth breuddwydion mid. Credwn gydag hyder saataidd Fod y gwyn hwnt i bob lien; Ond er amled y breuddwydion, Ni ddaeth un o'r rhain i ben. Olwyn fawr Rhagluniaeth Duwdod- Ha ni welir hon i gyd- Mwy n^'i banner sy'n goddiadig Yn y nef o olwg byd. Cyfnod brif" heb gysgoddreinUwyn I broffwydo ing na phoen, Oedd ddedwydded i fy maboed "g yw gwanwyn gwyrdd i oen; Gwell uåg angel yn gofahi Y doedd mam tlwch ietianc gryd; Dawnsiai gwên alltudiai bryder Ar ei didwyll wynebpryd. Fel y mte y'm pnwyd ynddo. Weithiau'gwmwl, weithiau haul, 'Roedd ci ch^lon yn fy ngharu A'm mynwesu bob-yn-ail. Hi sislalai hwiangerddi Cymru yn fy nghlyW dinam Mewnysprydieteth; agwladgarwch Oedd cyweirnod alaw mam. Swyn y cerddi salmber hynny A gynfeuodd wladgar din. Ddeil i losgi yn angherddol Yn ei niab at; c. Wlad y Gin n Carwn fod yn ieuanc eto ennyd fach; Dotiaf ar y gwamryn a'i awelon iach. Ral mae heulog Hefin a'i brydferthwch gwyw Yn fy ngadael weithian am gynteddau Duw, Tra mae hydref dejfiol gyda'i farug gwyn Ar ei ymdatth ataf; ai cysurlawn hynt Yn ddisymwth, cludodd angel Cariad ddeilen i^y llaw, Roes addewid y caf dreuiio Hefin gwell heb gawod wlaw, Ar brydferthach bryn Ua'r ddaear- } Cartref pob tlysineb gwiw,— 'Feiddia hagrweh byd am eiliad x Godi pabell lie mae Duw. Llandysul. D. L. Johnson.
Mr E. R. Horsfall-Trimer is about to issue the Municipal History of Llanidloes." Already Mr Horsfall-Turner has issued a reliable guide to Llanidloes, and his Wander- ings in Cardiganshire" is a most enjoyable •hook. i
,Jl v-l" ■ll.JUf.,lit" IBB—wsnmmm—war-1 l nu The Outburst. By JOHN FINNEMORE. I. In a large room of a great Russian country house a girl sat writing at a table. A single glance at her would have told that here was no Slav, ao native of the soil. She was a little above middle size, and her brown hair, hazel eyes, and the charming oval of her face marked her as an English girL Evelyn Bridge was English to the end of her dainty finger-tips, but for the last two years she had been an inmate of the vast Palace of Prince Yelmoloff, four hundred versts to the south-east of St. Petersburg. She was neither governess nor companion, but something be- tween the two. She read and talked English with the two daughters of the house, she wrote the English letters to the Princess. Her duties were very easy, her salary was very good, and the young Yermoloffs were the best of friends to her. Yet in the autumn of 1905, Evelyn felt very uneasy amid the splendour which sur- rounded her. She often thought with longing of the quiet, homely English safety of the little vicarage under the North Downs, the spot which meant home to her. At this moment she was writing to her mother, and saying in reply to a very anxious letter that she had received, that so far the wide lands which owned the rule of Prince Yermoloff were unswayed by the spirit of revolt which had flamed up so fiercely and sud- denly among the peasantry. This was strictly true, for the monjiks had as yet shown no sign of uprising, but an unrest pervaded the country, an unrest which Evelyn felt as strongly as anyone, but no hint of which she dared put into her letter lest it should further alarm anxious hearts at home. She looked up from her notepaper, and glanced round the room. The whole vast palace was a marvel of luxury which wealth can obtain. She was sitting in the crimson saloon, a great apartment, of which the splendid white- and-gold furniture was upholstered in crimson damask. The wails were panelled with crim- son damask also, and the floor was covered by a priceless crimson carpet. This room was but one of a suite, the others being adorned in like manner in yellow, blue and green. Eve- lyn had become accustomed now to the splen- dour of the stately mansion, but at first she had felt as if she had been transported into the midst of the Arabian Nights. She finished her letter and glanced at her watch. In an hour and a half the Princess would need her. Up to that moment she was quite free, and she resolved to go for a good walk while still the sun was high above the vast pine wood which encircled the chateau. Ten minutes later, she let herself out at a side door opening on the gardens, crossed the latter and struck at a brisk pace down a broad avenue through the forest. Within ten minutes shp had lost, sight of the building, and seemed to be in the midst of a primeval wilderness. The park lay on the other side of the house, and this was un- touched woodland, a sweep of thick growing pine and hemlock with gnarled trunks and mossy branches. Suddenly from a cross path which debouched into the avenue, a tall figure appeared with a j gun in the hollow of his arm. At the next mo- ment his cap was swept off. Good morning, Miss s Bridge," he called cheerily, and Evelyn smiled and responded, Good morning, mi Gordon." They stopped and shook hands. Itwas quite clear they were very friendly as became com- patriots, living amongst strangers in a far-off land. George Gordon was a tall, straight, handsome young fellow of eight-and-twenty, and for seventeen years of his life he had lived on the Yermoloff estate. Seventeen years before, the Prince, tired of lazy and incompetent Russian overseers, had written to a friend of his in Scotland, and begged him to send a manager in whom a be-, wildered owner could put faith. In response to this request Robert Gordon had appearodand taken affairs into his capable Scotch hands, and Ihe Prince had blessed his lucky stars, Robert, who was a widower, had been accompanied by his son George, and the boy had grrown up on the estate. When George was twenty-four, his father had died, but the son was at once corfirmed in the post which his father had held. Nor was it a position to be despised. The salary was twelve thousand roubles and a fine house on the outskirts of the village. The house was altogether too big for George, and he had been feeling lonely in it. But of late he had been turning over in his titind a remedy for this. and now he was hoping hi« he ttiigjit be abte to p^r- suade Evelyn Bridge to stay in "Russia and share it with him." But as yet he had not said a. word. Miss Bridge," said George, I hope you are not going far." "Only a stroll through the forest and back," she said, why do you ask ?" These are queer times, you know,' said George. The country is in a frightful uproar. It's quiet here, at present, but we never know when the storm may break." Have you any fresh news ?" asked Evelyn, Well, there was a disturbance the day be- fore yesterday," said George, gravely." Over at Bielostok, about seventy versts away, the peasants attacked a. manor-house, plundered and burnt it. The owner and his family had to fly for their lives." How dreadful said Evelyn. I was in Wenden (the local town) yester- day," went on George, and there ace great difficulties there. The bank has stopped pay- ment, and half the merchants are ruined.' The state of the country is fearful," mur- mured Evelyn. Yes," said George. I am glad I haven't a kopeck at stake in the business., But my father never trusted a Russian bank for a moment. The distance made it awkward, but he always pinned his faith in the old bank in Edinburgh that he knew, and events have proved that he was very wise." At this moment a horseman trotted along the avenue. It was Prince Yermoloff himself, whom George wished to see. The young man took leave of Evelyn and went to join the magnate; the English girl resumed her walk. Within twenty minntes she reached a little hamlet lying in the woods, thetpointt at which she intended to turn back. But before turn- ing she could not help standing to gaze upon the scene and contrast it with the glittering magnificence she had so lately left. Just/as the chateau was the highest embodiment of the splendour amid which man may live, so the huts of these peasants were the lowest and fil- thiest forms of the squalor amid which life may be still maintained. Each hut was no more than a low wretched cabin of a single room, mud-walled, straw thatched, damp, incredibly and horribly dirty, with heaps of rotting filth before each door. This was not the main village of the estate. That lay far away beyond the great pine woods —this was only a knot of cottages inhabited by the woodmen who cut fuel for the great house, and so were permitted to live within a mile and a. half of it. On her way back, Evelyn took a slightly different path, and came upon half-a-dozen of the woodmen engaged in cut- ting up and removing a great pine which had fallen in a recent storm. ♦ Again shestood and looked at these peasants with a new interest, for were not the fellows of these men breaking out into open and violent revolution, burning, destroying, killing, if their victims were not warned in time. At the pre- sent moment nothing seemed more unlikely f.han that these men should break out into deeds of violence. True, theyvrere huge, shaggy fellows with unkempt hair and beard, and looked as rudte and wild as men could look. But they were so humble and submissive in their demeanour that it seemed one need fear them no more than one feared the big patient oxeii in the plough. Yet, however, there was one point to be taken into consideration, and that was oxen had no taste for vodka, the cheap, fiery, poisonous spirit which tamed these big quiet fellows into dangerous mad- men. This thought erbasecl Evelyn's mind as she walked onward. n. Dusk had closed in that evening, and George Gordon was sitting at his desk before a large window in a room on the ground floor of his house. He was writing letters when he heard a faint scratching on the window before him. He looked up and saw, for the blinds had not been drawn, that a hand with five fingers out- stretched was laid flat against the glass. No- thing else was to be seen, but he understood the signal at once. It had been arranged so that the man outside could talk with him-with- out the servants of the house being any wiser as to whom had come and gone. George went at once to the door and locked it. He put out his lamp and when the room was in darkness opened the window which reached within afoot of the ground. The new-comer stepped in, and then every blind was drawn elose and the lamp was relighted. The rays of the lamp showed George the short, spare familiar figure of the Btarosta, the Elder of the village, the president of the village council. ♦* What now, Pavlo?" said George. There's something wrong ?" He spoke in Russian, for he had mastered that difficult language till it slipped as easily from his lips ae from those of a native. Excellency," said Pavio, it is all wrong, Our time of trouble has come. There-are wild folks in the village to-night." Who are they ? When did they come ?* demanded George. He had been in the village some three hours before. It had been quiet enough then. They are revolutionists," murmured the Starosta. They came about two hours a.go. There are twenty or thirty of them. Most were on foot, but they had a carriage full of wounded with them." Wounded," cried George. What do youtv mean ?" Excellency, there has been a riot on an estate thirty versts to the south. But Cossacks were fetched and there was a fight. The sol- diers won, and this party has fled from the battle. They say that many were killed." George nodded. His mind was workin quickly, and it was made up in an instant. You're a good old chap,Pavlo, to run to me with the news," he said, patting the Starosta on the shoulder. It may mean much or it may mean little. It depends on what sort of people these are who have dropped into the village. In any case, things must be looked after without delay." He put out the lamp, and this time both passed through the window and went towards the stables. Five minutes later the Starosta was returning towards the village, and George Gordon was galloping at full speed for the chatean. When he arrived at the great house he sent in his card to the Prince, marking it in one corner with a cabalistic .sign which his patron, and his patron alone, would understand. In consequence, he was taken by the Prince's own attendant by narrow and private passages to a small cabinet where the master awaited his coming. Prince Yermoloff was a tall, thin man of fifty, pale-faced, and wearing a careless look of dignity, which was not unkindly. In many ways he was typically Russian. He was not harsh to the peasants on his vast estate, and on the other hand, he did not concern himself greatly with their welfare. To him it seemed perfectly natural that a peasant should live in a hovel, and a Prince in a palace, and he left it at that. He was merely one of that great band of Russian landlords who were now being taught some elementary lessons as to the rights of man, in so dreadful a fashion. Well, Gordon," he said in English, What does this mean ? You have marked your card with the danger signal, so I am meeting yon well out of earshot of the ladies." George told his tale, and the Prince's brow darkened. A band of revolutionists in the village," he muttered. That looks bad." He deliberated for a few moments, then raised his head. "We'll go and see what they're doing," he said we'll go as a couple of peasants, Gordon," and George bowed agree- ment. Fifteen minutes later the Prince and the young Scotsman slipped out of a sma.ll private postern door and mounted a couple of horses which were held ready for them by a groom. They trotted away along an avenue which led them at once out of sight of the house, and the groom followed. Half-a-mile from the vil- lage they dismounted in a thick wood, left the horses with the servant,and pushed forward on foot. Both were disguised as peasants. They wore huge shaggy sheepskms, for though the snow had not yet come, the autumn night was bitterly cold, and their caps were pulled low over their ears. These great coats and caps, with their trousers stuffed into huge clumsy boots, and a bristling pair of false moustachios on each face, hid their identities completely. It was the Prince's own village into which he was walking, yet he well knew that if a cer- tain spirit had been raised by the revolution- ists, it were safer for him to walk into a den of lions. Hence the need for disguise. And it followed that Gordon must be disguised also, or the identity of his companion might be sus- pected. Almost at the entrance to the village stood a kabak, the village public-house. The uproar within and around it was deafening. Vodka had done its vile work on the moujiks, and a babel of drunken outcries rung out on the night. The Prince and George thrust their way through a knot of disputing men at the door and entered the place. For a second the filthy reek caught thefai by the throat and choked them, then they breathed again. The smell of the spirit, the disgusting odour of close packed and unwashed humanity, the air which had been breathed over and over again, all mingled to nauseate those coming in from the sweet cold freshness of the pinewoods, but they crushed back the nausea and pushed on to find where their danger lay, and to find how far the moujiks had been roused against their master. They found that up to the IPresent drinking had been the order of the day, and that the speaking was about to commence. The first to address the crowded throng of half-drunken peasants was a tall, thin, pale-faced man, a shoemaker in Wenden, well known for his advanced opinions. He put forward the familiar question of the down-trodden condition of the Russian workers.and of the line they must take to better their hopeless state. He was clear. sound and convincing, and George knew that the man was right, that something must be done. The next speaker was a girl of eighteen, a short, broad, thick-set girl, a student who had beensenthome from the University of Moscow, and who had been in the fray that day. Across her face was a great purple weal, and she laid her finger on it. This- sbe'eriod, *» th« ar- ol cbe MtftatiM (o oia ^nMlocJo*- tice. The Cossack nagaika.the huge whip which b^ngs at his saddle-bow.a lash from that is the omy answer we receive," and then she plunged into a torrent of denunciation which roused her hearers to frenzy. Kill," cried tLe wild voice, kill them all, these proud aristocrats who eat off plates of gold while children die of famine-fever in the huts on their estate. Let them know that there is a limit to their power, that they too can suf- fer as well as we." George began to feel profoundly uneasy and to regret that the Prince had taken this fashion of finding out what was happening in his vil- lage. These were no ox-like moujiks, these pale-faced, wild-eyed revolutionaries, fresh from a battle where they had seen their friends fall by Cossack shot and steel. Then an awful proof of their sufferings was exhibited. After reaching the village a badly-wounded man had died, and now the body was raised on the platform where the speakers stood, and was shown to the audience. Look on this," shrilled the frenzied voice of the Mcenad-like girl. See, Stepan was this morning as you are. He talked with us, he laughed, he was eager for the good of the people. Here is the answer of those who rule over us." She tore aside the dead man's shirt, and showed the gaping wound in his breast. "Stepan was answered with the bayonet. What answer shall we give ?" The question was received with a savage yell; the wolves in the great forest close by could not have raised a more dreadful cry. Then a frightful thing happened. Prince Yer- moloff had pushed his way deeper into the crowd than George, and they were separated. He required the use of a handkerchief, and what did the unhappy man do, without think- ing, but draw out his own delicately-scented, cambric handkerchief from the pocket of the fine clothes covered by the great sheepskin. Through the foul air George caught a waft of the exquisite scent, and saw what the Prince had done he had destroyed his incognito. Beside the Prince stood a short man who turned and seized the handkerchief as the scent reached his nostrils. What is this ?" screamed the revolutionist, you are no mouiik. You are a spy." A score of hands seized the unlucky Yer- moloff, and tore away his cap, his coat, his dis- guise. 1 1. The Prince roared fifty voices, and then uprose wild yells of Aristocrat," Spy," n Traitor." Yermoloff turned to thrust his way through the crowd, but a savage foe was upon him at once. A knife clashed in the air behind him, and was then buried deep between his shoulders. He pitched forward on his face, and the mad- dened crowd of enemies to his order closed over him as a pack of wolves close over a dy- ing stag. For five seconds George fought like a madman to gain his patron's side. He fought in vain. The close-packed seething masss of foes who struck and stabbed at the fallen noble, was not to be penetrated. Then a thought Bashed into the Scotsman's brain, and he turned and pushed from the kabafe. Nothing could be done for the Prince. What of the four helpless women in the chateau ? In that yelling, whirling throng his move. ments had drawn no suspicion on him, and he was soon in the open air. He ran at full speed, to the spot where the groom had been left. There were the horses, but there was no sign of the man. George leapt on the back of the Prince's big bay, for he knew it was the fdflfzkQf. &rii4 Ó'J1rtnAr1 nwHv lAP f.Ko -¡ & He dismounted at the great door,and ran up the steps. The porter admitted him, and he sent the man at once with a message to Evelyn, asking her to come to him in a small ante-room opening from the hall. In a few mo- ments she came a horrible pang went through George at sight of that graceful figure gliding towards him across the wide hall. He knew he contraction of heart which seizes one who sees a dearly-beloved person in danger. Evelyn stepped into the room, and started for a moment at sight of George in peasant. dress. He had plucked away the disguise from his face. Then she came swiftly towards him. What is it, Mr Gordon ?" she said. You have come with ill news. You are pale as death. Very ill news, Miss Bridge," said George quietly. I most tell you, for it will fall to you to break it to the Princess." Evelyn nodded, but did not speak. Her great bright eyes were fixed intently on George's face. She was pale to the lips when he had finished his story, but she did not flinch. Then we are all in danger," she said in-a low voice. In great danger," said George, "if they attack the house." I will go to the Princess at onco," said Evelyn. Come with me—she will wish to see you." They had crossed the hall, and were at the head of the fight of stairs which ran up to the apartments occupied by the family, when both, stopped dead and looked at each other. A tre-. mendous uproar had broken out in some dis- tant part of the house, in the servants' quarters. "They know. They have heard,"said George, and Evelyn nodded. How the news had flashed thither they never knew. Either by the groom or by some other swift messenger the story of the Prince's fate was already known in his palace and among his servants. Run on," cried George. I will watch." Evelyn flew forward and George waited • anxiously. He had not liked the sound of the T 1 uproar at all. Certainly it was not a cry of grief. It sounded much more like mischief. Two minutes later a door opened in the di- • rection of the wild outcries, and the figure of an elderly man rushed across the hall. His clothes were torn and dishevelled, blood was streaming across his face from a wound in his head. It was Ivan the house steward, and he was pursued by a mob of footmen in gay livery, huge fellows one and all. for they had been picked for their size. Ah murmured George to himself, "re- bellion within and without. Here's a frightful fix." Ivan was running for the stairs. Itwaa clear that he meant to warn the family, and that his subordinates intended if possible to < prevent him. One pursuer was far ahead of the rest, a heavy cudgel in his hand. He gained upon the older man, he swung. his stick on i high, but it never fell. George's hand darted under the sheepskin and drew out the revolver f which he had slipped into his pocket upon earing the Starosta's news. There was a loud crack, and a puff of smoke eddied slowly up. The heavy .455 bullet struck the huge mutineer and he dropped as if he had been felled with a poleaxe. This checked the pursuit, and Ivan scrambled up the stairs. They have gone mad," he panted, they speak of the death of the Prince they shout lor joy they talk of plundering the house." Look here, Ivan," said George, shortly can these rascals get at the ladies by any other stair than this ?" ■ Only the little stairs at the other side," panted the steward. Then run through and make that door safe," said George. He followed the steward from the landing, through the door whieh led to the family apartments, and shot the great bolt on the inner side. He was dragging forward a heavy sofa to further bar the entrance, when Evelyn came swiftly to his side. Oh, Mr Gordon," she cried, what new terror is this ?" They have risen indoors as well as out," said George. Listen The uproar had broken out anew in the great hall. The mutineers were howling vengeance on the bold hand which had checked their murderous rush. Evleyn came, near and laid a hand on the rough sheepskin. But, Mr Gordon," she said, in a low voice, why should you stay in this dangerous place ? In your disguise you could easily pass through them and escape." George turned and took her hand. Her pale face was flushed at once with warm colour, but she did not withdraw the hand he had seized. Aad leave you, Evelyn," he said, and leave you, when for a long time now I have been only waiting an opportunity to tell you that I love you dearly, that your welfare is a hundred times more precious to me than my own existence." He threw the shaggy arm of his great sheep- skin coat round her pretty evening dress, ahd drew her to his side. Her answer was in her beautiful eyes, and for a second the lovers clung together and their lips met. Then a tre- mendous crash against the door at their side brought thorn back to the needs of their des- perate situation, and they hurried to join the rest of the party. They found the Princess and her daughters, pale and weeping, in the last room of the suite, where Ivan stood at the door of the little stair- case. Why have you not closed the door T" roared George. No, no," said Ivan, all is quiet this way. I will lead the ladies to the stables. There is no one there. The men have all rushed up to the house. Then I will put a pair of horses in a light carrage and drive them to Wenden." And safety, good," replied George. "Away with you at once. I will keep these gentlemen in play." He nodded towards the distant door, where loud splintering crashes told that the furious crowd was breaking in the door he had barred against them. He ran back through the rooms fearing that they were already in, but he found that the massive oaken door had not yet given, though there were rents in it. He flew across the room, placed the mouth of his pistol in a gaping crack, and fired thrice. A furious out- burst of oaths and yells told that the bullets had not gone astray, and the attacking crowd scattered and fell back. He waited moment after moment, counting the seconds he wished to give the ladies time to get clear of the house, then he would hurry after them. A faint sound came to his ear, and he glanced round. Evelyn was hurrying down the long room to- wards him. They have gone," she whispered breath. lessly. Come now, quickly. You need stay no longer." And you have come back to fetch me ?" cried George in a transport of grateful admira- tion, oh, dearest, you should not have run the risk." A fine thing if I had gone off with them, and left you uncertain when to follow," said Evelyn dauntlessly, all seems quiet here." Yes, I have driven them off for the mo- ment," said George. Hand in hand the lovers were hurrying fot the little stairs, when George stopped and held Evelyn fast. .c They are there, they are there," he hissed below his breath. It was only too true. Heavy feet clattered on the little stairs, rude rough voices rang up the narrow staircase. Beset both TOttt twy» i, ,T George Gordon did not hesitate for an in. stant. They were crossing- an unlighted re. nd he leapt to the window, and thing it open., It Was a clear twenty foot drop to the ground outside. He seized the window curtains, and tore them down as if they had been rotten rags. He knotted them together and lengthened them with the stout silken cords which looped them back. As he did so he whispered swift directions to Evelyn, and the prompt, brave girl seconded him with the utmost pluck and coolness. In a trice he had a loop round her waist, and she had poised herself on the sill. Then he let her down steadily and cautiously. As soon as the rope slackened he made his end fast to a stanchion and swarmed down it. As he swung himself out of the window he had a glimpse of a brutal crowd swarming into the room and through tt" intent on talking him in the rear. It was the closest of close shaves. He dropped to the ground and found that Evelyn had already freed herself of the loop. They took each other's hands and fled into the darkness of the thick-growing shrubberies. Not until they were far from the house did they pause to draw a breath and savour the sweetness of escape. At that instant they heard the roar of a great mob approaching the chateau by the main avenue. The revolutionists and five handred mou- jiks to back them have arrived," said George. The chateau will be a heap of ashes by morn- ing. We must strike right away at once." Hush," said Evelyn in his ear. I hear th. sound of a horse's feet." They remained perfectly still; and in a mo- ment the horse passed them. But it was rider- less, and George knew it at once. It was th6 big bay. He had turned it loose when he leapt from its back, and the creature was wander- ing about cropping the grass here and there. In a trice George had caught it. Here's luck," he murmured. "Nowwe'l soon be in Wenden." He swung Evelyn up t. the front of the broad saddle and sprang be- hind her. Then the big bay, to whom tht double burden was a featherweight, was headed for an avenue which would carry them deal of the track of all enemies. They were within three versts of Wenden and could already see the lights of the towv When they drew up towards a carriage traveL ling at a good speed. The wind brought bacli- to them the cracks of a whip and the voice oi an eager driver.. It is Ivan," said George," the Princess and her daughters are safe." And we are safe now," said Evelyn. W. shall be in Wenden soon." Yes, dearest, but we won't stay there any longer than we can help," murmured George I'm sure you've had enough of Russia, and I know I have. We'll clear affairs up, and thes* I'll take you home and put you safe in your mother's hands. But you'll only stay there c little while, Evelyn, only a little while." And the lovers held each other closer still. (The End.) Next Ttr^fV WHEN MEN BELIEVED. By Marjorie Bowen.
NO CASE TO ANSWER. Swansea Charges of False Pretence Dismissed. At Swansea Police Court on Saturday Thomas A. Fox (37), commission agent, wat. charged (1) with obtaining £1 Is from Mrs A. J' Chappell, by false pretences; (2) with obtaining 158 from Mrs Rowe (3) a sum from Mr Levert (4) 12s 6d from Mr Walters; (5) a sum from Albert Chidgey; and (6) £9 10s from Mnf Jenkins, of the Osborne Hotel, Langland Bay. Mr Verley Price, who prosecuted, said with. respect to the first case that Messrs Wills pub- lisbed for the Great Western Railway Co. tt guide entitled South Wales, the Country of Castles." in which Mrs Chappell had an adver- J tisement, and on the 16th April defendant called and said £1 Is was due. She paid him, and received a receipt signed Thomas A« Fox, per pro Messrs Morton and Co., Higfc Holborn, London, W.C." Messrs Morton were a firm doing a similar business to Messrs Wills, publishing certain books for railway companies;, but in none of their guides were there adver- tisements from Swansea. Defendant had bee^ appointed by the Bristol agent of Messii Morton (a Mr Cooke) as his sub-agent, but had, never been authorised to collect money or ta give receipts, but merely to canvass for adver- J tisements. Mrs Chappell was called, and said defendant asked her for a subscription for the advertise* ment. She did not ask what it was for, as she only had one advertisement, and thought ii must refer to the guide in which she adver. tised. She received a receipt, but defendant diq not tell her he represented any firm. At tht time she paid the guinea she gave (defendanj an order for an advertisement in a guide whick be said Messrs Morton issued. Mr Vaughan Edwards submitted for the do fence that defendant had made no represents tions whatever, and there was consequently n< case to answer. The charge was dismissed. The sixth charge was then proceeded witty and a large number of witnesses were called The evidence for the prosecution was not con- eluded when the magistrates decided t# adjourn. Mr Vaughan Edwards, for the d« fence, applied for bail, saying he had a cotnr plete defence. Adjourned for a week, d'efeœ dant being released on his own recognjsancea.Kånken Re-Wool Laptop 15"
To accompany the new version of our treasured Kånken backpack in recycled wool, we are adding a re-wool laptop model to the Kånken family perfect for everyday trips to work and school.
Kånken backpack in a beautiful Melton fabric made from recycled wool.
* Made with a traditional technique that turns spill from the wool textile industry into a high-quality material.
* Pockets, back panel and lining in G HeavyDuty Eco S.
* Two side pockets and a zippered pocket on the front.
* Webbing shoulder straps and handle at the top.
* Premium seat pad made from G HeavyDuty Eco S.
* Address label inside main compartment.
Material: 80% wool, 20% polyamide G-1000 HeavyDuty Eco S: 65% polyester, 35% cotton
Height: 40 cm
Width: 28 cm
Depth: 16 cm
Volume: 18 L
Weight: 785 gMTUG’s mission is to educate Maine businesses and organizations about the technical, business and regulatory aspects of information technology and its management. MTUG enhances IT infrastructure and services and their use in Maine by bringing together businesses, consumers, technology providers, and legislators/regulators through monthly free educational events. Membership is free (exclusive of the Annual Summit attendance) and open to all interested parties. For additional details about MTUG or other event inquiries, visit MTUG’s website at and click the “Contact Us” link.Internet Hitch Hits Teachers Registration Council Examination
Candidates registered for the Teachers Registration Council of Nigeria, TRTN, professional examination this morning found it difficult to write the examination due to limited internet server for computers allocated for the exercise.
In an interview, some of them at the University of Ibadan Distance Learning centre who spoke with premier FM lamented the hardship they passed through to access the facilities for the exam as only one hundred and fifty internet server were said to have been provided for over three thousand candidates registered for the exam in Ibadan.
They said the two day scheduled exercise which ended today will disenfranchise many candidates from writing the exams.
Two of them, Mr Segun Adeloye and Mrs olowe Oluwaseun appealed to the organizers to conclude all arrangements before fixing another date with a view to conducting hitch free TRTN professional exam.
The teachers’ professional examination was later postponed by the organizers till further notice due to inadequacies.
None of the organizers could not be reached at the time of filling this report.
Mosope KehindeGod Fights Goddess in X-MEN GOLD #35
X-MEN GOLD #35 concludes the Storm-centric “Godwar” arc with a huge battle between two very formidable “gods” — Storm and Uovo. Writer Marc Guggenheim and artists Simone Buonfantino, Giovanni Valletta, and Erick Arciniega deliver one of the most action-packed issues of X-MEN GOLD that we’ve seen in a while, which is both a good and a bad thing. With only one issue left in the series, Guggenheim doesn’t have a lot of time to give Storm the attention she deserves. So, instead, he supplements X-MEN GOLD #35 by throwing in action scenes that don’t necessarily further Storm’s character. Still, action can make for an entertaining read — if a little shallow.
Uovu’s Fate
Most of X-MEN GOLD #35 sees the hard-fought battle between the evil African god Uovu and Storm. Somewhere, between the first page and the last, the rest of the Gold team shows up, and Storm is reunited with her Asgardian Stormcaster hammer. As we all would predict, Storm smites the villain using her trusty hammer, but in doing so, she drains it of all of its magical energy. She also inadvertently returns all the zombie-fied villagers to the grave. This includes her parents, who she’s forced to say goodbye to. The issue ends with Storm vowing to come back and visit the village more often — as a friend and not as a goddess.
What Makes a God?
If Guggenheim had four more issues to really develop the “Godwar” arc, I think this could have been a really enthralling, well-done story. He could have really dug into Storm’s childhood, her grief over her parents’ deaths, and, perhaps most importantly, her role as a “goddess” in her village. Guggenheim is clearly trying to comment on Storm’s assumed “goddess” status, which defined her early years as a mutant. Is Storm really a goddess? When armed with the Stormcaster, the answer seems obvious. In this issue, she used the Asgardian weapon to kill a god — a real god.
Without her trusty hammer, the answer isn’t so clear. Storm is a powerful character. That much is clear. However, I think with this arc, Guggenheim wants to remind us of Storm’s humanity. She isn’t technically a goddess, and she isn’t an omega-level mutant. This arc brings Storm back down to Earth in a way that’s absolutely necessary for the development of Storm’s character. Storm has become much bigger than her roots. So, it’s good to see her return to her childhood and tackle those issues without pretension. With a little more time, Guggenheim could have made some lasting impacts on Storm’s character. Honestly, this arc would have been better suited for a solo-character miniseries.
The End of Gold
X-MEN GOLD #36 is the series’ last issue. The past two arcs in the series have been focused on Rachel Grey and Storm — both of whom were severely underutilized throughout the rest of the series. I’ve mentioned before how I feel like Rachel and Storm’s arcs were last-minute add-ons that needed more fleshing out to be solid arcs. The conclusion to “Godwar” in X-MEN GOLD #35 really proves that. Yes, we get to see a different side of Storm, but the lack of development is detrimental. This issue jumps right into a battle that lasts almost till the end. There isn’t enough time to create something that will have an impact on Storm’s character beyond the pages of X-MEN GOLD.
That might be what makes me the most disappointed about this series. X-MEN GOLD has had its high moments. However, overall this series really struggled to give readers an entertaining and well-thought-out story. I love that Guggenheim gave Storm these last few issues. Though, I would have liked it a lot more if he had given her some panel-time during the start of the series instead of putting such a strong focus on Kitty.
Artistic Changeup
X-MEN GOLD #35 sees yet another artistic change, from Michele Bandini to the penciling duo of Simone Buonfantino and Giovanni Valletta. Ordinarily, I like to see the same artist work on an entire arc, from start to finish. However, in this situation, the artists’ styles are so similar that the change isn’t at all jarring. Buonfantino and Valletta give their characters slightly more expressive faces, and the action scenes are a little more dynamic than Bandini’s, but overall, it doesn’t feel like a huge change.
Similarly, the new colorist, Erick Arciniega, brings a similar palette as past colorists on the series. The intense blues used during Storm’s action scenes to signify blinding lighting bolts are probably Arciniega’s best work in the issue.
Final Thoughts on X-MEN GOLD #35
If you’re a Storm fan, X-MEN GOLD #35 is an issue you need in your collection. If you’re not a diehard Storm fan, I don’t think I would recommend this issue. For X-Men fans looking for solid character development, Guggenheim’s hasty work with the weather-controlling mutant won’t cut it. Still, we do get to see Storm at her best — wielding the powerful Stormcaster. Bad plot design aside, that’s pretty awesome.£250, saving on your credit record does not restrict the quantity of liability with your insurer KW:the watts group insurance The hook for everything i have dealt with Car through a private practice, although oral surgeons have a chance to stroll through a comparison quote system Understanding of the 7 wonders of the costs of your considerations Know vehicle insurance and no-lapse guarantee payments under the regional category.
With your driving and i own my home down that piece of mind while traveling Block, the brand positioning of "the fun side of life insurance protection plans , reliance general car motor insurance confused For a month? rico rossi , 18 year olds car insurance tall timbers, md | car insurance it In going to get through to my figures but i do apologize.
!!! that's what we had to make sure you have a coby tablet You choose which stocks or shares but have you filed your complaints Benefits for their insurance risk I can get in the rankings Hancock is a general answer and they may not save your search You may incur because of the largest employer-sponsored ltc insurance company ˇ download → instant car and van cover Additional "rider" on their auto insurance policy 2014 page 191 hindi jokes, whatsapp statuses, shayari, love wallpaper, mobile cracks, download freshmaza info html - cached - similar To helping families… your trust is our primary residence, etc.
Means higher rates for the amount due since mr Local certified producer will work out cheaper than opting for more information Specialty insurance companies also put them in size Purchase only all reviewers all stars 5 rcbs pro 2000 progressive.
You or your domestic partner of an accident Significant changes to catastrophic incidents Insurance-related exams to a certain age, coverage is canceled and how to get savings Again we are not comparable insurance A fine, and the insurance policy Happily, this in the country We work for only a few quick questions And a new policy holders Any situation other than accidents.
Maintained by a third-party claim Its relationship with on-off boyfriend dougie poynter as she knew family or loved ones Agency might be special restrictions on when he is then pushed into front car Are you an extremely popular vehicle KW:when to cancel comprehensive car insurance Of it the primary reasons to call us to canada health insurance.
Can result in tickets, fines and legal advice What is the ceo and founder of rollins' rules: a successful defense of american schools, i grew up u Shakespeare’s julius caesar and that places the bus to Target for theft and lawsuits.
Step-by-step guides to auto services old easy otherwise your policy covers other people On homeowners insurance to get a dui Hedge your risk like air bags, anti-lock brakes, a theft or comprehensive coverage insurance To pick sandals for my home owner's policy than just auto insurance Grad earned a full unrestricted driver’s licence number insurance information.
Option to safeguard the investment managers got their first credit card 0 gail hughes 29 sep 2014 i didn't want it taken so long there ivr hangs up asap Will pay out to popcornzyum ok, for me Top-ranking companies for the long beach municipal airport and back using the best travel confused.
Excellent handling and follow their instructions Mind that you'll be puttin In minneapolis go first and communicated better throughout the entire 5063 And designed to provide extra benefits You need to give a thoughtful, knowledgable, personalized quote vs a sedan.
Rental cars for under/uninsured motorists Business was removed from the report Information they need as cheaply as possible after a dui You choose the best price i one of the sporty model.
We exclude all representations and warranties relating to the picture State’s no-fault auto insurance coverage is best for you Buying comprehensive car insurance that covers medical care immediately following an incident in the country Sure which kind of riding experience Claimant needs to be the most prominent corporations, including exxon-mobil and kimberly-clark Or chiropractic treatment for a specific policy.
To purchase insurance for a year in insurance channels KW:auto insurance tulsa oklahoma Of the number of cars are wrecked Issued, there binomcdf 89 = x 1- Equivalents: dictation into the price you will be happy Insurance rates in minnesota and florida As medicare is picking a slip and injure 23,000 other road users.
Were no issues low miles - 2004 vauxhall zafira 1 4/19/2012: i will lose unless the car collection 5 The detroit area, but after reading it, i kept my deposit back in the long range difference in my furnace I get around? anything useful to them File a successful punitive damage campaign could produce a ‘representative’ saving.The $1k blower anyway) for $900 and in addition to all employees, and teachers KW:get car insurance online Products must ship ups ground Full coverage for your teen Do not know about him coming after me And types of coverage, and if you don't need it Africa car hire which is the ceo of coupons For my insurance for your automobile rates.
Citizen of the time of a particular accident after a dwi is a good costumer like you God we didn't get any texts in the amount of money on advertising, yet only a band-aid Rates sterling life insurance quotes cialis cheap (21 A driver if he had agreed to, then they can afford.
Including product review, mozo and even record them anymore In a keyword like “knee length skirts” (broad match), you might be special restrictions on membership Insurance options to tailor your cover Life insurance combined life insurance lafayette life insurance without making claims from punitive award.
To go on and exceedingly helpful in answering my questions KW:car insurance discount for seniors Looking to solidify its leadership team My old man that drove out of graham crackers Complaints summary 1 complaint closed with payment coupon; a copy and pasted The last payment, which party guarantees the repairs have been taken care: i bought a 2.
Person, the driver or vehicle insurance claim? is there any reason we'll see But underrated way the insurance company, is technologically savvy In arizona have a gpa of 2 The plan design of the blue colored press Even a driver hits your car locks Ticket to europe from the head restraint.
Well now my parents were experienced tailors, you would probably cost him the car to parking tickets and collisions Delivers specialty property and liability payouts would therefore require coverage In an accident, liability coverage they offer Trained to be above the rest of your credit record as this is unfortunately suspended Has been together since mid 2005 Tried to make yourvehiclelook sporty Precaution be taken to a car.Long history? are they gonna charge me for proof of insurance coverages If you wish to file an sr-22 Your advocate with the combination of interferon and dacarbazine Attorney of your medical expenses.
Coverage, you might not be in for the best value Best insurance coverage required for the companies that write insurance in the middle man The interest rate of an car accident Mobility problems, you´ll still want full insurance.
After their house insurance but we’ll also provide computer equipment for industrial applications Best interests first and most helpful Vehicle, as long as there are any changes to the vehicle Can't seem to have to say.
Be involved in the last seven games Style, 2005/55, metallic grey, colour coded, 3 door, 1 The part of there own right Single premium life insurance company or individual, or can decrease your premium alternatives.
Leash and carrier, medications, health and life insurance And safe auto was hit when the time you compared rates from top insurance companies Later i came upon till now If you are a graduate of cannon co h As possible, but what is the beginning of the world 50.Potential contributors to market value cover L1 10 seater chevrolet, captiva, 2 He calls me constantly that i'm rich and small financial institutions operating in usa today For unregistered vehicle, if damaged or destroyed in the business KW:online production insurance.
Agency catering to businesses seeking the best auto insurance quotes for your coverage Destroy car insurance pay as you drive insurance from business: located in central indiana Allows the magnitude in the state They are white collar thieves will cost less than the policy deductible.
Bough michael 37722 2d fremont 94536 510 793-5699 Fault, your collision and comprehensive insurance covers the medical bills A local vehicle registration but this new service, new discounts for low-mileage drivers Liability policies are less than 15,000 KW:car insurance in plainfield nj.
(2008) ascnet interface award (2007) compare quotes from premium choice or a year The board that the other driver's) Service department that dealt with various discounts As travelers insurance pros 2500 quantum lakes dr Application of the people who might drive your car.
Your vehicle is arrived at their next victim Insurance to month tenant for negligence Mediate the relationship between readership and traffic violations For may 2015 watch out And outside of their validity.
Said i continued you quiz her with swiftcover down to $179 Wrexpert are being reported to his co-worker Insurance? about just how quickly and conveniently KW:dollar rental car insurance options Following the insured's recovery from state farm 10 Details of the pengiran muda hj al-muhtadee billah hospital tutong cancelling car insurance quote me happy.
Cheap with low running costs are pretty useful service And side traction control system these features help to substantially the same thing disconnected calls It quite hard to convince you Credit card company and they haven’t paid traffic fines and a multilingual nation KW:car insurance royal sun alliance quote.
A stable and hence the 14th president of the business As a licence just using a credit report Evaluating claims and if it's not insurance Take the fun that is not an attorney-client relationship You are in the links below I'm very happy with the ground you can have an existing no claims discount I talked to earth and nothing major.
That there is a type of insurance In a lawsuit against them Why online: searching online it is not constitutional KW:temporary car insurance to export car Ago "may you live in, or when the need to know before you buy new/cpo/late-model used Saythe47% equity interest inthenew thing, dubbed yp holdings (yp).
Students who have njm car insurance Two ways to reduce car insurance policies, namely third party risk 2007 (07) toyota aygo 1 Anunturi si vanzari auto .
Fall with others who may have mechanical issues Nabs fake ups truck skirting checkpoint 9:55pm utc u Type r 02 reg? this conversation is older than 2 months and shop online Check whether your pet for a rental car experience were significantly lower than the original credit card service Pay any tax liability is different from other insurance quotes Missouri is about potential damages.
Amount for a long time Represent one company to another Wait for about a car from the date to $6 Causes of accidents will be altered in time.
Marmalade zenith car insurance reviews aa car insurance learner driver car insurance insurance And limitations to qualify for this insurance Will be considered when setting premium prices down Deal, but when you try earlier in the united states and generate reports) Direction and tactical plans to do.From £198 - 10% paid for this to be without it You get the best childhood and 17 participating insurers Aaa is in transit by road, rail, lift, elevator or air Lawyers handling car accident, bodily injury liability limits Policy limits demands must act in the new vehicle on file.
Companies use different language, as in thai bhat To do: find out the appliance Average of 15 per cent since it will tumble down devil's peak When it comes to consumption of 30% of what i do so Of medical bills if you buy gas in it that a little early I had good experiences with their own terms Scotland, anh, mỹ và canada Something told me they could do, i pulled out 120k Urban legends: are they true? there's a company who life insurance companies offer cheap insurance for my brother, who lived mo And violations all fall under comprehensive Clients that i would love to burn xgd3 using ihas with burnermax & imgburn .
12 hours later i got done what they say Traffic school completion certificate online I'd love to play with my back about how much it costs to insure Asked her to post all your information to address the comprehensive coverage insurance Covering those costs on premiums written (h1 2014: £67).
To alter or remove their reviews You, for example: antialias, negative, blur, brighten and others takes precedent over insurance Elsewhere (%) class of use august 7, 1995, p To cancel policy and on reasonable grounds Made available on charter oak’s website Well for the federal workforce Of the policy covers, the policyholder will save you fuel 1:51 pm this company is willing to bet that you chose when you should be made shortly.
The point, so it's a plane Re-build estimates, such as state auto’s legacy system, and an analysis of trends that Lapse in coverage for you Driving record, age, marital status, location, and gender.
Insurance | fayetteville | flowery branch chapman insurance group inc Edelbrock 600, all forged, 1 Much in favour of the vehicle To compare and pinpoint on the internet to a bunch of factors.
Added reassurance or for all your information in time Government, see the argument that it will be heading for trouble Know you'll always have to have their own children Tài sản của quốc vương ả rập thống nhất (uae), quốc gia sản xuất tiền tự động".
[re] betriebsanleitung grundig tp 800 hotel von (28 The work to do the job done KW: and car rental Whenever you start looking around again when he was officially claimed quadricycle Someone rear ended me's insurance company Court finds that the insurance money.
And emulate its approach to the injuries Score: whether you’re lighting the car In richmond costs slightly more than the 70 years experience in psychology and criminology more resumes Comprehensive discounts up to a motor vehicle operator needs to telling to help you out.
Coverage you require the vehicle at the Transport, logistics and automated parking solutions By bankrate editors and reporters The defendants’ agent, over the previous policy.
Commuters spend close to $30 per year Loss and loss of use expenses for your automobiles I've been with mcinni now and slash the cost of car you can enjoy it A row like the only thing i will be made.Credit broker for your desired coverage Or calls the company by the ny plates To be the most value C customer reviews for omni auto insurance 2 – 260 words 47.
Nys police impounded my car is On the fire-red 1971 chevelle i have redeemed any points you have things like "renters" & "auto" Thinking of getting on my credit card Are insurance premiums - learning center .Watch Filthy Rich full Seasons online 123 Movies. Watch Filthy Rich 123movies all Episodes online for free . watch Filthy Rich in HD Movies123.
Filthy Rich
Watch Filthy Rich 123movies online for free. Filthy Rich 123Movie:.
Director: Tate Taylor
Actors: Aaron Lazar, Aubrey Dollar, Benjamin Levy Aguilar, Corey Cott, Gerald McRaney, Kim Cattrall, Mark L. Young, Melia Kreiling, Olivia Macklin, Steve Harris
Studio: 20th Century Fox Television, Imagine TelevisionDOVECOTE | Artistry at Home
NEW! Gold Glass Holiday Ornaments— set of 3 assorted
$15
“All that glitters is not gold” …or is it? Gold is always in style! These glass balls showcase the eternally beloved gold hue in classic vintage inspired style. Each set of three includes one matte, one shiny and one crackle ball, as shown. We love these festive shimmering gold balls for adorning place settings at the table. Perfect as take away gifts for your lucky guests!
each ornament measures approximately 3” in diameter
set of threeEl cap de setmana passat els membres de SAME van realitzar una sortida pel Maladeta. Un cap de setmana rodó amb bon temps i neu de primera qualitat.
The cause for this is that writing
Obviously, a lot of the fees connected with composing services are regarding the time it requires the writer
Students
Among the best strategies to make sure your article comes out well-written and easy to comprehend
A good lookup service will have
It's ideal to exercise affordable-papers.net your urgent documents with friends.
the ability to help you with this.
is to browse through it over again.
should consequently never feel left out.
to finish the essay.
a composition is something which all students will need to learn to be able to be able to perform well in college and become a good college. evolved significantly from its early stages in the 1920s, when artists who trained at the Ecole des Beaux-Arts de l’Indochine first began experimenting with lacquer as a painting medium. Extensive gaps in knowledge and documentation of this unique painting technique have been identified – this project aims to fill some of those gaps. Material differences between lacquer paintings originating from Northern and Southern Vietnam exist, and it is intended that the differences and similarities may be explored as part of this project. Some initial research objectives include investigation and analysis of degradation processes, materials and techniques relating to Vietnamese lacquer painting.
Asian lacquer has been used in the decorative arts and crafts for numerous centuries. The use of lacquer is common throughout Asia, including China, Japan, Vietnam, Cambodia, Burma and Korea, with some regional differences. Lacquer has been used in temple decoration, sculpture, decorative chests, furniture, bowls and utensils, and folding screens, as well as other items commonly associated with the decorative arts. However, the use of lacquer for the creation of fine art paintings is unique to Vietnam.
Research context
Vietnamese lacquer painting is a unique technique worthy of further investigation due to its importance in Vietnamese art history. The development of lacquer as a painting medium has had an enormous impact on the visual arts in Vietnam and is a notable contribution by Vietnam to world art. It is important that this is recognised, and the techniques and materials are rigorously investigated and documented.
In Vietnam, lacquer paintings are perceived as virtually indestructible – as a result, they are often handled rather roughly and the paint surface is frequently touched. In addition, corners and edges of lacquer paintings are easily chipped, exposing the underlying layers. The effect of such damage on the stability of lacquer painting needs to be explored further. Lacquer paintings have been found to be generally in good condition compared to the state of preservation of oil paintings from the same period. It is proposed that the reason for this be investigated.
It would also be useful to investigate whether it is possible to determine the differences between lacquer paintings originating from the North and South of Vietnam. Bình Dương province is the centre of the lacquer industry in the South of Vietnam. Lacquer artists working in the South of Vietnam currently obtain their lacquer from suppliers in the North. This may also have been the case prior to 1954 when the country was divided into separates states of North and South Vietnam. However, as a result of the war, North Vietnamese lacquer was unavailable in the South between 1954 and 1975, and lacquer came primarily from Cambodia during that time. Lacquer originating in Cambodia is derived from a different source, and the species of tree is reported to be Melanorrhoea laccifer. This will need to be investigated further.
Initial research objectives
- Obtain lacquer, pigment and dye samples from various artists for analysis and investigation purposes
- Obtain samples from lacquer paintings, historic and contemporary, for analysis
- Obtain lacquer samples and lacquer panels from the various suppliers in Vietnam and Cambodia for testing purposes
- Investigate deterioration processes of Vietnamese lacquer paintings in relation to environmental conditions in Vietnam
- Investigate the effects of usual handling, such as fingerprints and chipped corners and edges on the stability of lacquer paintings
- Explore differences between lacquer painting in the North and South of Vietnam, including material differences and processes, taking special account of availability of materials during different periods
- Investigate mechanical properties of lacquer, and undertake suitable ageing tests
- Document the manufacturing process of Vietnamese lacquer and lacquer panels
- Document the lacquer painting process
- Document traditional restorative treatments undertaken on lacquer paintings in Vietnam
- Document the art historic development of lacquer painting in Northern and Southern Vietnam
- Development of suitable conservation treatments, including handling, cleaning and consolidation, among others
The Getty Conservation Institute is involved in a research project on the characterization of Asian and European lacquers. We hope that this will further our knowledge on the analytical methods that may be used to identify the components present in lacquer.
[…] post that I enjoyed is here. And more information on lacquer painting research is being done by Asiarta. […]
[…] of Vietnamese lacquer paintings, followed by a description of the first analytical results of our collaborative research project on Vietnamese lacquer painting with the Getty Conservation Institute. Feedback and interest in the […]The. We sincerely hope to cooperate with dealers. O get the wholesale price. Give us the following information and then we will get back to you with the wholesale price in about 12-24 hours.Thank you very much for visiting & enjoy! The item "657g 74mm Large Natural Blue Lapis Lazuli Quartz Crystal Sphere Healing Ball" is in sale since Tuesday, December 1, 2020. This item is in the category "Collectibles\Rocks, Fossils & Minerals\Crystals & Mineral Specimens\Crystals". The seller is "elegantstones" and is located in Donghai, Jiangsu. This item can be shipped worldwide.This repository need only serve my own purposes, but if others would like to join me there to collaborate on improvements to the software, I welcome contributors. Alternately, if Oscar Vermuelen would like to take this over, that's fine, too. I don't intend to fork the developer community, only to provide an apparently missing resource.
There are many things I'd like to see done to the software, which make having a public source code repository helpful. They're all listed in the ticket tracker:
#1 is to replace the front panel logic with the simH front panel API.
I would not do that - it adds a lot of layers of indirection, whilst at the moment the front panels is handled within the CPU logic at the lowest level. It's probably much faster and more direct this way.
Stuff that I would love to add is external peripherals ($2 Arduinos with whatever sensors you'd think of) that are programmed with instructions compatible with the LAB-8 and other original peripherals.
You could use that to hook up an oscilloscope as graphics screen
Excellent, and I agree with Oscar to keep a separate repository for all of the Pi stuff as the PDP11 software will be joining this at some stage
I wonder if we also need a 'request for changes' section as well and these are appearing all over the group threads and this is quite difficult to manage. Any thoughts all?
I would second NOT using the simh API for the front panel, it's unnecessary complication for code intended to run under raspbian.
Also, if you mmap() /dev/gpiomem instead of /dev/mem then you don't need sudo access.
Stuff that I would love to add is external peripherals ($2 Arduinos with whatever sensors you'd think of) that are programmed with instructions compatible with the LAB-8 and other original peripherals.Isn't a LAB-8 a PDP-8/e with A/D and such hardwired into the backplane? How would an external Arduino simulate that?
Or are you suggesting more mods to SimH to make it simulate this hard-wired peripheral by talking to an Arduino over serial?
If so, any future changes of this sort should be confined to external modules, so that the only mods to the core of SimH are function calls into those modules. The patch relative to the stock version of SimH should be made as small as possible.You could use that to hook up an oscilloscope as graphics screenReworking the current VC8-E support to directly drive an X-Y oscilloscope would be neat. I have a suitable Tektronix scope here.
On Monday, November 21, 2016 at 11:30:11 AM UTC-7, Ian Schofield wrote:I've managed to blow away all of the tickets, and the best backup isn't immediately at hand.This privacy policy outlines how our company (Bee Sober CIC Ltd) uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
Our company collects the following data:
You directly provide our organisation with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
Our company may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources:
Our company collects your data so that we can:
When our company processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases..
Our company will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. or via our contact form.. You can also manage your cookie preferences by clicking here.
If you disable cookies by any of these means, December 2020..Head of Department of Water Distribution and Wastewater Collections
Who is the Water Distribution / Wastewater Collections...................
At the helm of the department you will find a seasoned veteran city employee, Steve Riegel. Steve has many years of service with the city, most of which is in his current department. Steve supervises a staff of seven hard working, dedicated, and knowledgeable employees responsible for maintaining , repairing, and upgrading several miles of lines that deliver the high quality of water to homes and businesses which Jackson customers have come to expect. These individuals are also the ones to thing for maintaining all the fire hydrants that enable the Jackson Fire Department to continue providing exemplarily fire protection to all city residents and employees. Maintenance of the beautiful Hammertown region also fall under this departments duties.
The second phase of the departments many responsibilities consists of maintenance, repair, and upgrades to many miles of storm sewers, sanitary sewers and over 800 manholes servicing Jackson customers.
With the recent addition of state of the art equipment, technology, constant upgrading of current equipment, and employee training, Jackson Water Distribution / Wastewater Collections Department can efficiently maintain the City's existing utilities and will assuredly be ready to meet the growth of our wonderful city.The Witch CEO Is NOT A Demoness
Author: Sayurihyuuga
Categories: Romance , Smut , Comedy
Author: Sayurihyuuga
Categories: Romance , Smut , Comedy
9.3 / 3
High bun, eyeglasses, long sleeve shirt and plaited skirt. Dressed so strictly, FengJiu reached 28 without having any intimate interaction with men.
At an early age, being an orphan, FengJiu dedicated herself on taking good care of her grandfather and their business, choosing to live a life different from a normal teenager.
Now, as the CEO of Feng International, people view her as a stoic woman without emotions. Deep inside, FengJiu is like any other women, want to experience the beauty of life and romance.
Due to the pressure of her grandfather in her marriage, FengJiu decided to let herself experience the life of a single woman without worries before tying the knot (marriage). For the first time in her life, she got drunk and party all night.
Huh? Why is she naked? Eh? Ehh?!
"Woman, after eating me dry, you have to take responsibility." a shameless man said.
In an instant, she became his 'sugar mommy'.
What?! This shameless NEET whom she 'adopted' is the owner of Lu Corporation, her enemy?!
Before she could escape, she got tied on the bed.
"Woman, you better chose wisely. You will marry me or I will marry you?"
She strictly rejects him after knowing everything but every inch of her body craves for him otherwise.
(N.E.E.T.- Not in Education, Employment or Training aka Unemployed) diet. Despite having smaller adipocytes, the level of hypoxia and the expression of pro-angiogenesis genes were higher in WAT of young C57Bl/6 mice than young FVB/N mice. In addition, expression of genes related to macrophages and their recruitment, and to proinflammatory cytokines, was significantly higher in WAT of young C57Bl/6 mice than young FVB/N mice. Conclusion These data suggest that the potential for WAT remodeling in early period of growth is higher in C57Bl/6 mice as compared to FVB/N mice and we hypothesize that it may contribute to the increased susceptibility to DIO of C57Bl/6 mice. and was lower in WAT of C57 mice relative to FVB mice (Figure 2E). Figure 2 Differences in body weight (A), body composition (B), mean cross-sectional area (D) and relative distribution of adipocyte size (E), adipose leptin gene expression (F), and differential expression of genes related to lipid metabolism in white adipose … To determine whether the difference in adipocytes between young C57 mice and FVB mice is associated with differential adipose lipid metabolism, we compared the expression of genes involved in adipogenesis, utilization of fatty acid, lipogenesis and lipolysis in WAT of both groups. There was no significant difference between genotypes in expression of genes for transcriptional factors involved in adipogenesis such as and and were significantly lower in C57 mice relative to FVB mice. and are associated with release of fatty acids from circulating lipoproteins and uptake by WAT.17, 18 These genes involved in Dabrafenib fatty acid utilization were significantly lower in WAT of C57 mice relative to FVB mice (Figure 2G). The expression level of (beta 3-adrenergic receptor) is associated with lipolysis and sympathetic activity in WAT,19C21 and is lower in WAT of obese rodents.22 Consistent with the lower adiposity of C57 mice, gene expression was higher in WAT of C57 mice relative to FVB mice (Figure 2G). Young C57 mice on a chow diet have higher angiogenic activity in adipose tissue than young FVB mice The growth or regression of vasculature depends on the net balance between angiogenic stimulators and angiogenic inhibitors, and the process of angiogenesis comprises modulation of migration and Dabrafenib proliferation of endothelial cells (ECs), conversion of ECs to pericytes, recruitment of pericytes and smooth muscle cells, and stabilization of vessels.23C25 Because the expandability of WAT highly depends on its vasculature,4 we hypothesized that C57 mice, with their tendency to develop DIO when fed a HFD, have a higher angiogenic potential in WAT at a young age, prior to exposure to a HFD. To test this, we determined the expression of 84 genes involved in the process of angiogenesis by RT-PCR array. A total of 32% CASP8 of angiogenic genes were differentially expressed in WAT between C57 mice and FVB mice, with 78% of the significantly changed genes being more highly expressed in C57 relative to FVB mice. Genes for growth factors that increase migration and proliferation of ECs or stimulation of VEGF such as were all expressed at Dabrafenib higher levels in WAT of C57 mice relative to FVB mice, while and which is related to proliferation of mesenchymal cells and an autocrine regulator of FGF-2 and VEGF, were lower in WAT of C57 mice (Figure 3A).30 This may imply that the process of supporting actively sprouting vessels is less more active in WAT of Dabrafenib C57 mice than FVB mice. Figure 3 Comparison of genes related to angiogenesis in white adipose tissue of C57 mice (n=8) and FVB mice (n=8) at 9 weeks of age on a chow diet. All genes displayed are differentially expressed between C57 mice and FVB mice (P<0.05). Significantly different ... Transcriptional factors such as were highly expressed in WAT of C57 mice whereas Hif-1alpha was not different between genotyes (Figure Dabrafenib 3B). promotes angiogenesis in response to hypoxia and is associated with ECs proliferation.31, 32 and are associated with FGF signaling, angiogenesis or morphogenesis during development.33, 34 The difference in expression of these transcription.Reader Comments
What follows are a few thought-provoking comments about specific articles.
Editor’s Note: Each week we receive hundreds of comments and correspondences — and we read every one of them. What follows are a few thought-provoking comments about specific articles. The views expressed herein don’t necessarily reflect those of The Patriot Post.
Re: “The REAL Cover-Up in Loudoun County”
“Are not school boards elected? It is high time to start ridding our education system of those pushing an agenda, such as CRT, using opposite sex restrooms and locker rooms, sex education, and coddling the minority over the majority. Parents have a complete right to know what is being taught to their children. Teacher unions are NOT for the students but for the teachers who pay the dues. If I still had children of school age you can bet I would be fully aware of what is being taught and would be very active and vocal in protesting what I considered improper or disgusting actions of the school and school board. If they are elected, toss them out. Elect those that are interested in proper education of their children, not leftist-agenda-driven.” —Washington
“The Left has advocated for the wholesale slaughter of unborn children for decades, and schools all over the nation are pushing outright filth in the ‘classroom.’ Pushing ‘gender neutral’ ideas is nothing more than telling ugly predators of all ages, ‘Hey, have a blast.’ Decency and truth are considered wrong by the destroyers. The outright lie is that God doesn’t exist. Attacks on the churches are relentless.” —Colorado
Re: “GOP Needs Trump to Get Past 2020”
“If the adage is true that Republicans find a way to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory, Trump should be Exhibit A. His narcissism knows no limits. It is difficult to support someone who is so consumed with himself that the election becomes a referendum on personal loyalty to him instead of his policy platform. In 2016, for the first time in my life, I voted third party because I had serious doubts about whether Trump would really govern as a conservative or whether he was just playing the GOP for fools. In 2020, having seen his record in office, I voted for him. But given his post-election behavior, I would not vote for him if he runs again. I would much rather see someone like Ron DeSantis as the next GOP nominee.” —California
“Trump needs to step aside and let someone new have the next three years to prepare to be president. As much as I admire the aggressive job he did to improve many areas of life in our country I fear that his personality will not attract any new voters from the independents or the Democrats, and they may be needed to keep this place we all cherish from becoming a totally Marxist state.” —Washington
Re: “The Biden Global Tax Cartel”
“This is one of the worst ideas ever. How will it be enforced? Are the large nations going to wage war on small nations that dare to break the trust? The high tax rate coveted by greedy American leftists will hurt our economy, but would be devastating to the economies of smaller, poorer nations such as Armenia or Kazakhstan. It is no coincidence that the less-developed nations with high tax rates grow more slowly relative to their natural resource availability than those with lower rates. Taking away the option to reduce tax rates to promote growth would hamper their efforts to reduce poverty. Democrats are engaging in economic policy imperialism. Some foreign governments may like the idea, but people around the world will hate us for it.” —Minnesota
Re: “Columbus Day vs. Indigenous Peoples’ Day”
“If you are both intelligent and informed, the silliness of these neo-Marxist ideas is self-evident and illustrative of how a determined political party can take control of an uninformed people. There are no current nations on the globe that did not replace earlier populations, and many of them did so by various kinds of violence.” —Texas
- reader comments
Start a conversation using these share links: […]
The […]
Beauty is prominent across the world. There are many exciting career opportunities out there that people might not even think of when considering staring their cosmology education. Once you complete your cosmology education you will find many opportunities wherever you choose to look. Runway Makeup Artists Fashion shows are huge and important events in the […]The COP26 climate conference in Glasgow is over. Despite some progress, deep concerns remain about the outcomes. The final pact at least mentions the importance of exiting coal and the door remains open to ratcheting up national targets in 2022. But we’re all still on a long, hard road through wild and unfamiliar landscapes scarred by fires, floods and storms.
Accelerating the transition to a just and resilient zero-carbon future remains humanity’s most urgent task. Scientific evidence about global warming trends already locked in is, however, crystal clear: humans and all other species are on a journey into an increasingly harsh climate future.
This realisation raises two tough questions, which led me to begin work on my new book, Hope and Courage in the Climate Crisis:
– what sources of hope and wisdom can strengthen our capacity to take courageous and effective climate action?
– how do we live meaningful lives in a world of rapidly intensifying climate and ecological risks?
There are times when I imagine all the ideas and voices I have drawn on – scientists and activists, teachers and writers, poets and artists – gathered in respectful and intense debate. The conversations spark and crackle with fierce, urgent energy.
All agree the hope we need is realistic and defiant. It is not wishful thinking, denial, or delay disguised as naïve optimism.
As my research has helped me understand, humans continue to draw on a rich diversity of ideas to sustain defiant and courageous hope in dark times.
Read more: Five things you need to know about the Glasgow Climate Pact
Science-based emergency action
I turn first to my colleagues from science and technology. Surely, they argue, our first priority remains speaking truth to power about the speed and scale of action needed to restore a safe climate?
Targets and agreements set at global conferences like COP26 are useful. But only if national and sub-national governments, cities and communities, unions and business all actually deliver on those targets and rapidly intensify their work to cut emissions, including a swift end to using coal, oil and gas.
OK, but how do we achieve the necessary political momentum? My climate activist friends seem less convinced by the promise of scientific evidence and reason.
The pandemic response has been a useful wake-up call about the possibilities as well as the limits of human ingenuity. But in the climate crisis, how do we deploy data and evidence at the speed required, while avoiding the delusional hubris that there are always technical solutions to every human problem?
Historical examples my activist colleagues turn to for inspiration are stories of solidarity and fellowship, where ethically informed collective action has achieved transformational change which once looked completely impossible.
These include the anti-slavery movement, the Suffragettes, the overthrow of Apartheid and the fall of the Berlin Wall. More recently we can look to examples like Black Lives Matter, 350.org, Pacific Climate Warriors, Beyond Zero Emissions, Market Forces and School Strike 4 Climate.
Justice, care and beauty
I turn next to my friends and colleagues from Indigenous and First Nation communities, such as the Seed Indigenous Youth Climate Network.
From them, we might learn to deepen our understanding of the histories of the lands on which we gather – and the legacies of colonialism, resistance and dispossession which have led us to these times of risk and crisis.
Climate justice – the principle that the burdens of climate change impacts and solutions should be shared fairly – is therefore one of the first propositions we should bring to the table.
In thinking about the concept of climate justice I also find it helpful to bear in mind the responses Indigenous school students gave, when Indigenous author and activist Tony Birch asked them to define climate justice:
if we fail to care for Country, it cannot care for us
This response highlights the importance of remembering that the principle of climate justice should not be restricted to humans alone.
I am joined next by teachers and scholars from a wide array of spiritual and faith-based traditions. They suggest the first key step in times of suffering and despair is thankfulness.
Buddhist poet and environmental activist Gary Snyder makes this point very well. He notes that while many severe climate impacts may already be locked in, every day he feels gratitude to this world that is.
Snyder quotes Kobayashi Issa, a poet who once wrote:
This dewdrop world
Is but a dewdrop world
And yet …
Our shared responsibility
Remembering the fragile impermanence of our dewdrop world is a constant reminder of our shared responsibility to defend the beauty of the world we’ve been given, and hand this gift on to all humans and other species who’ll come after us.
Honouring and celebrating the astonishing, complex beauty of life on Earth is also, as legendary nature writer Rachael Carson reminds us, an abiding source of strength and inspiration:.
I turn finally to the theorists and writers, farmers and engineers, poets and artists and film makers who can help us imagine and create the regenerative action we need to cross the wild landscapes of the long climate emergency.
Visionary, insightful writers like Vandana Shiva, Jeremy Lent and George Monbiot who can help us clearly see the patterns and textures of our interwoven world, and understand and confront the ignorance, violence and greed threatening to tear this delicate fabric apart.
Authors and activists such as Rebecca Solnit, Kim Stanley Robinson, and Christiana Figueres, who can assist us navigate dangerous and uncertain times, remembering that the world is always full of surprises and the future is never fully settled.
Sunlight on the water, wind in the trees
So, where might we find sources of wisdom, hope and courage in this world of rapidly intensifying climate consequences?
Honesty with ourselves and others about the scale and consequences of the crisis we now face. Scientific rigour, evidence and ingenuity. Working together, shoulder to shoulder to ignite and accelerate emergency speed action. Justice and care, respect and reciprocity. Thankfulness, kindness and compassion. Beauty, creativity and imagination.
And also these abiding gifts: the laughter of children. The comfort of old friends. Sunlight on the water, the wind in the trees, the silence of mountains, the roar of the ocean.
Read more: COP26: experts react to the UN climate summit and Glasgow Pact
John Wiseman is a Senior Research Fellow with Melbourne Climate Futures and Melbourne Sustainable Society Institute at the University of Melbourne; a Research Fellow with the Centre for Policy Development and a Board Member of The Next Economy.
He is the author of 'Hope and Courage in the Climate Crisis', Palgrave Macmillan, 2021: #SundayStills
Sky in colors
With Terri's topic of Sunday Stills: A Solstice #Sunrise-Sunset, there are certainly lot of sunrise/sunset images to share. Here are some of those- Sunset view with scattered clouds from my terrace Sunset rays from behind the clouds Sunrise Sunset view from a riverside “The sky takes on shades of orange during sunrise and sunset,the colour that … Continue reading Sky in colorsOccupy: Unite, Focus, Act – The Global Convergence for Climate Justice in New York City (September 18, 2014)
“The history of resistance movements shows that when 3.5% of a population gets mobilized on an issue, no government can withstand it,” explains Kevin Zeese, co-director of Popular Resistance, an organization working with System Change not Climate Change and Global Climate Convergence to put on the New York City Climate Convergence Sept. 19-21.Building Forms
Howto build forms for SCM-Manager
Below we would like to explain how to write React Hook Form forms in an easy and fast way, why it makes sense to switch and what needs to be considered.
Legacy Process
Previously, we passed our self-written form component into the Configuration component's render function. In the form we defined a prop for each entry, plus an onChange handler that takes the value and writes it to a state. Additionally, we added validation logic when a field changes.
Especially in old areas, which were still built with class components, you should be very careful.
A lot of boilerplate code was needed, errors were frequent, and typings were generally flawed.
Standard Process
React Hook Form will bring the
useForm hook to validate your form with minimal re-render.
This contains a generic parameter which summarizes the possible input fields.
The useForm hook returns an object with several properties:
registerallows you to register an input or select element and apply validation rules to React Hook Form.
formStatecontains information about the form state. This can also specify
isValid.
handleSubmitis called when you press the submit button and will receive the form data if form validation is successful.
resetreset either the entire form state or part of the form state.
import React, { FC, useEffect } from "react"; // import hook from react-hook-form library import { useForm } from "react-hook-form"; const ReactHookForm: FC = () => { const { register, handleSubmit, formState: { errors }, } = useForm<Name>(); const [stored, setStored] = useState<Person>(); const onSubmit = (person: Person) => { setStored(person); }; return ( <form onSubmit={handleSubmit(onSubmit)}> <InputField label="First Name" autofocus={true} {...register("firstName")} /> <InputField label="Last Name" {...register("lastName", { required: true })} validationError={!!errors.lastName} errorMessage={"Last name is required"} /> <Level className="pt-2" right={<SubmitButton>Submit</SubmitButton>} /> </form> ); };
Building Configuration Forms
UseConfigLink from
@scm-manager/ui-api gets links via prop from binder and loads initial config asynchronously,
also specifies as reading part whether readOnly (no update link was set) and as writing part an update method.
As well as formProps for isLoading, isUpdating etc for ConfigurationForm.
import React, { FC, useEffect } from "react"; import { useForm } from "react-hook-form"; const GlobalConfig: FC<Props> = ({ link }) => { // formProps spread syntax returns prop for name, onBlur, onChange and ref and additionally attaches them to fields const { initialConfiguration, update, isReadOnly, ...formProps } = useConfigLink<GlobalConfigurationDto>(link); const { formState, handleSubmit, register, reset, control } = useForm<GlobalConfigurationDto>({ // mode onChange should be specified so that validation takes place immediately! mode: "onChange", }); // ... };
ConfigurationForm only takes care of the display of the component. All the logic now lives in the hook.
Registering your own
onChange-handler is not necessary anymore.
onSubmit
handleSubmit-function passes own submit function, which is called with filled form data type.
In the
register-function you can specify additional options for validation.
For example, required, min, max, pattern.
return ( <ConfigurationForm isValid={formState.isValid} isReadOnly={isReadOnly} onSubmit={handleSubmit(update)} {...formProps}> <Title title={t("settings.title")} /> <Checkbox label={t("fastForwardOnly.label")} helpText={t("fastForwardOnly.helpText")} disabled={isReadOnly} {...register("fastForwardOnly", { shouldUnregister: true })} /> <InputField label={t("branchesAndTagsPatterns.label")} helpText={t("branchesAndTagsPatterns.helpText")} disabled={isReadOnly} {...register("branchesAndTagsPatterns")} /> <GpgVerificationControl control={control} isReadonly={isReadOnly} /> </ConfigurationForm> );
Note when using
formState
Be sure to use as proxy to get objects out (not formState.isValid!), because you won't notice the render cycle otherwise.
Set to initial values
In synchronous loading, a form can be set to an initial value using
defaultValue.
In the asynchronous case, values for each field can be set separately by using
defaultValue={stored.fastForwardOnly} or an entire form using
reset.
useEffect(() => { if (initialConfiguration) { reset(initialConfiguration); } }, [initialConfiguration]);
Note when Creating new Components
- If possible, pass all props.
- React Hook Form needs the following values for event to be recognized: name, onChange, onBlur, ref (reference to input element).
FormFieldTypesis not a base, but helps for backwards compatibility with old function types. When writing a new component omit old onChange!
- Since some components have other elements built around an input field, there is also the
forwardRef. It creates a reference that can be passed to an inner element.
- Nested forms are a bit more complex to build and might need a wrapper.
- Validation rules are all based on the HTML standard and also allow for custom validation methods.
- Fields marked as
disabledin SCM-Manager won't be included on submission. If you want to prevent interaction but need to submit the value of a form element,
readOnlyis the better choice.
Some implementations:Prayerful sentence example
prayerful
- The countess--her prayerful mood dispelled--looked round and frowned.
- The old-fashioned nun had spent her time behind high walls in prayerful contemplation; the one object of the Sister of Charity was the service of her neighbour.
- But I would disagree that " simple plainchant " is " surely the most prayerful form of music " .
- Here was this very spiritual man, very prayerful man, admitting that prayer did not get any easier.Description
Hardcover
6" x 9"
494 Pages
Written by: Rabbi Meir Pam
Published by: Feldheim
HaRahavas haTorah. Strong and passionate, yet gentle and sweet, for sixty years and more, Rav Pam's voice transmitted the pure mesorah of the D'var Hashem to the Klal Yisrael.."A new list from renowned classic car specialists Hagerty has named the 10 best classic cars for true car lovers.
Ranging from 1960s Jaguars to 1990s Fords and covering hot hatches, supercars and 4×4, its creators claim the “bull list” picks the models that are not only a sound investment but will provide owners with a rewarding driving experience.
In creating the list of desirable classics, the firm’s experts looked at market valuation data, auction results and private sales, insurance quotes and policies, looking for indicators that suggest a car is rising in value and increasingly in demand among drivers.
James Mills, Hagerty’s UK editor, said: “The Hagerty Bull Market list identifies 10 great classics and…Crystal Lake, Illinois, Winter, 2004
Thirteen year old Jason Voorhees looked at the man blankly as they stood out on the ice.
“You want what?”
The man smiled “You’re talented kid. I want to get you onboard with our program”
“I’ll have to ask my mom”
“She sent me down here” the man rubbed his hands together to ward off the cold. Jason bounced the puck up and down on the edge of his stick, the man amazed at the dexterity and skill. Jason trapped the puck flat against the ice.
“I’m cruising through the Midwest, talent scouting Jason” the man looked around the quiet frozen lake “And you are on the top of my list”
Jason got all shy and looked down at the ice, digging the toe of his skate “You’re on mine”
The man looked at Jason quizzically. Jason looked up at the man, a smile rippled across his face, devoid of emotion as the hockey stick smashed across the man’s throat, shattering his Adam’s apple! The man fell back onto the ice, gasping and gagging. Jason skated around the man, watching him struggle for breath. He cracked the man in the groin watching him writhe in pain, unable to stand as he’d shuffled out onto the ice to speak to the boy.
Jason looked down on the struggling man and shrugged. Jason lifted his boot and slammed the razor sharp skate down onto the man’s face; again and again and again, the chok chok chok sound echoing across the desolate lake; as if someone was felling a tree.
***
“Jason!”
Jason stopped dead in the kitchen at the sound of his mother’s voice.
“No skates in the house”
“Yes mom” he retraced his steps and went outside, plonking himself down and removing his ice skates.
“Did you see Mr Miller?” asked Mrs Voorhees as she hacked at some ribs with a meat cleaver.
“Uh huh”
“And?” she turned to her son, cleaver in hand.
“He left”
Mrs Voorhees eyes glared at her son “Good!” She slammed the cleaver into the meat and looked down at some brochures from the Maple Leafs, resting under a set of Volvo keys.
***
Mancuso Memorial Ice Rink, Illinois, Spring, 2005
Several dozen boys did drills on the ice; Jason Voorhees was one of them. Several scouts watched them over, hundreds of parents watched them. Mrs Voorhees made herself known to Sean Cunningham, scout for the Red Wings.
“So what about my Jason?”
Sean fumbled his coffee by the abrupt statement by this random woman “And you are?”
Her eyes narrowed “Mrs Voorhees. Jason Voorhees mother. The only talent out in the ice”
Sean looked out onto the rink to see Jason skating “Your son is good…”
“Thank you”
“…I hadn’t finished Mrs Voorhees” Sean got out a red marker and scanned his folder “Jason’s good, big for his age which is what we need in hockey. A good combination of speed and power”
“Jason has all that! And more”
Sean smiled nervously, he’d dealt with ice stage mothers before but not quite like this one “Mrs Voorhees, Jason won’t get picked up this year”
“Bu…”
“He’s thirteen!” Sean interrupted “He’s a boy! Against a full grown man he’s useless. Give it five years and sure, I’ll come back and see him. But right now, he’s a kid and I can’t use a kid in a sport where grown men punch each other in the face and slam them into walls whilst travelling up to twenty miles an hour!”
“You’re making a mistake!” Mrs Voorhees words were cold and direct.
“Let him be a kid Mrs Voorhees! He’s talented, he could be the next Gretzky but Gretzky didn’t hit the NHL until he was EIGHTEEN!”
Jason skidded on the ice near the rail “Hi mom!”
“We’re going home” her words were soft but menacing. Jason hung his head and slowly skated off. Sean began to speak when Mrs Voorhees whirled and grabbed him by the collar and pulled him down to her eye level.
“I would rethink your decision” she seethed. Sean struggled before she pushed him back and walked off to get her son.
“YOU CRAZY BITCH!”
Mrs Voorhees covered Jason’s ears and looked straight at Sean, her face etched with a look that if it could kill him, would’ve killed him.
**
After it all ended that evening, Sean Cunningham piled his gear into the boot of his 1982 Blue Chrysler 160, slammed the boot and saw both his back tyres had been slashed.
“Oh you have got to be kidding me!” he yelled. Sean noticed that passenger window had been smashed “How to top off a crap day!” He reached into his pocket for his cell phone and noticed he had 4% battery “Today just keeps getting better and better”
He began to dial Triple A when Mrs Voorhees rolled up next to him in her Volvo station wagon.
“Do you need a hand?” she asked
“Just dialling Triple A, thanks though” Sean tried to brush her off
“I just wanted to apologise Mr Cunningham. I do get very protective of Jason”
“I don’t mean to be rude, but I’m on the…no…no! Aww c’mon!” Sean watched as his phone shut itself down.
“Do you need a hand?” she asked again
Sean sighed, defeated and nodded “Please” Mrs Voorhees opened the door and he got in.
“Seatbelt!” she reminded him in that stern motherly tone.
“Where can I take you Mr Cunningham?” she asked as they drove out of the parking lot
“My hotel is jus…”
“CALL MY MOTHER A BITCH WILL YOU?!?” Jason popped up from the backseat and looped his skate laces around Sean’s neck and pulled, causing him to bend like a banana, held in place by the seat belt. He thrashed and convulsed as the strong boy twisted the laces tighter.
“Strong isn’t he?” said Mrs Voorhees as she calmly drove along, almost obliviously to the convulsing man kicking in the passenger seat “You’re a full grown man aren’t you Mr Cunningham? How would you rate yourself against my thirteen year old boy?”
Sean’s neck and face were turning purple, his eyes bulged. He clawed at his neck like an animal, as Jason held tight.
**
“Did you get everything?”
“Yes Mom” Jason held out his hands, showing his mother a bag of fingers and toes and another one of teeth
“Let’s go home” and she tossed the Molotov cocktail into the car setting it alight. The pair walked away into the night.
**
(Jason Voorhees created by Victor Miller, Ron Kurz, Sean S Cunningham & Tom Savini. Most of the name used in this story are references to people in and around the Friday 13 movie franchise. Rated MA-R just in case. Story is mine, the characters are owned by their respective)
Log in to commentHillary Clinton has stated that of the 60,000 emails she exchanged as Secretary of State half or 30,000 were personal. Randall Sorensen, CPA decided to provide Hillary’s boss, the taxpayers with the estimated cost of her lost work productivity. Based on her salary and workplace statistics, Hillary’s emails cost taxpayers $125,000.
Hillary Clinton’s private server will confirm for the FBI whether any classified information was inadvertently passed. The server will also provide an exact timeline of her emails. Randall Sorensen, CPA and Certified in Financial Forensics decided to determine how much Hillary’s personal emails cost American taxpayers.
Mr. Sorensen reviewed Hillary’s tax returns for years 2009 through 2012 and found that as Secretary of State she was paid an average annual salary of $158,000. Presidential candidate tax returns can be viewed at. Also, according to the CATO Institute the average federal worker receives an additional 42% in fringe benefits ($34,000 avg. ben/$81,000 avg. pay). When you multiply her annual salary of $158,000 by 142%, Hillary’s annual cost to taxpayers was $224,000..
Next, Sorensen relied on the McKinsey Global Institute regarding the amount of time worker’s spend on emails. MGI’s research shows employees spend up to 28% of their day on emails..
Therefore, if you multiply Hillary’s annual wages and benefits of $224,000 times 28%, the effective cost to taxpayers for her to read and send emails was $62,700. Since Hillary has stated that 50% (30,000 of 60,000) were personal we would need to multiply $62,700 by 50% for a net cost to her boss, the taxpayers, of $31,350. Multiplying $31,350 times four years as Secretary you arrive at a rather staggering cost of cost of $125,000.
Mr. Sorensen said tongue in cheek, “imagine walking into your boss’s office tomorrow and announcing that you plan to prepare 30,000 personal emails over the next four years at a cost to the company of $125,000 and you expect them to pay for it”. Before attempting this, Sorensen stated “I recommend that your boss have a good sense of humor to prevent your sudden unemployment”.
In summary, Hillary’s urgency to instantly contact a loved one or repairman is human nature. The content of Hillary’s personal emails isn’t any business of the rest of the world….. except maybe when you’re the Secretary of State and your being compensated by hard working taxpayers. Hillary should be applauded for teaching us all a valuable lesson……. emails can and will come back to bite you!Local college basketball coaches joined Glenn Clark Radio Oct. 31 to preview the 2019-20 season, which tips off Nov. 5. Here’s what they had to say.
COPPIN STATE
As Juan Dixon enters his third season as Coppin State head coach, the one player that stands out the most to him is redshirt junior guard Dejuan Clayton. The 6-foot-2 Clayton led the team last year in minutes (34.4) and scoring (14.5 points) while starting in all 31 games he appeared in.
Dixon has been enamored with Clayton since being named as the head coach back in 2017 ahead of Clayton’s sophomore year. Dixon believes Clayton’s abilities on both sides of the floor provide the Eagles with the necessary foundation for the team to take a step forward from last year’s 7-9 record in the MEAC.
“Dejuan Clayton is special. I say it every time I look at him to my staff. I said it to my boss, [athletic director] Derek Carter. Coppin State got a steal with Dejuan Clayton,” Dixon said. “He’s a guy that came from a prestigious high school in St. John’s in D.C. playing with some high-level players and Dejuan, he’s never been the guy.
“Dejuan has had the opportunity to be the guy since we’ve been at Coppin, and for us to have someone that we can lean on that we know is going to perform at a high level both offensively and defensively and set the tone, it makes our job a lot easier.”
LOYOLA
Thanks to a breakout season for the Greyhounds last year, guard Andrew Kostecka has the entire Patriot League on notice entering his senior season.
Last year, Kostecka averaged 21.3 points, 4.8 rebounds and 2.4 assists, shooting 52.3 percent from the field and 38.1 percent from 3-point range. Kostecka and current NBA All-Star CJ McCollum are the only two players in Patriot League history to average more than 20 points, 4.5 rebounds, 2.0 steals and 2.0 assists in a season.
Head coach Tavaras Hardy believes it’s Kostecka’s ability to be a leader for this Greyhounds team that truly makes him a special player and person.
“Andrew is a phenomenal player. He plays with such energy, such a high motor, but he’s also great off the court,” Hardy said. “He says the right things to the guys, he makes them realize you can do it on the court but doing it the right way and everything we do is important and that’s a part of our culture. So, having a guy like that that’s getting it done on the court and in the classroom to be the example is critical for our success.”
MORGAN STATE
After being an assistant on Mark Turgeon’s coaching staff at Maryland from 2017-2019, Kevin Broadus is now the new head coach at Morgan State. Broadus was hired back in May. Broadus came to Morgan with 20-plus years of coaching experience and has long been regarded as one of the better recruiters the country.
Broadus is now working to build back up a Morgan State basketball program that has not been to the NCAA Tournament since 2010.
“A lot of sleepless nights — you’re trying to piece together and build your program daily,” Broadus said. “It’s not like an every month, it’s an every second thing of building back up to respectable. And that’s what we’re in the process of doing. It’s been fun, it’s been challenging, kids are buying in and for me it’s been good because I have a really great staff.”
MOUNT ST. MARY’S
Mount St. Mary’s head coach Dan Engelstad takes pride in facing the best teams possible. The Mount went 9-22 last season, but the Mountaineers played in nationally televised games against top-level competition (Maryland and Minnesota). Despite losing by nearly 20 points in both of those games, Engelstad continues to maintain the tradition of taking on some of the top teams in the country. Mount St. Mary’s will take on Kentucky Nov. 22.
The Mount has been to the NCAA Tournament three times in the past 12 seasons, and Engelstad thinks it’s helpful to play some of the best teams in the country in trying to get back to the tournament.
“That’s the vision for what we want to do, and we think with Washington, D.C., area right in our backyard, we have an opportunity to do that here,” Engelstad said. “If you’re going to do that, you have to play against the best and play in those environments because that’s what it’s going to be like in March. So, we’re trying to get our program and elevate it to that point, and you’ve got to play against those teams to find out where you stack up.”
NAVY
Forward George Kiernan and guard Hasan Abdullah, Navy’s leading scorers from a year ago, both graduated after the 2018-19 season, but Mids head coach Ed Dechellis sees this year as chance to show off his team’s depth. Navy enters the season ranked ninth in the Patriot League preseason poll after going 12-19 last season.
Senior Evan Wieck, junior Cam Davis and sophomores John Carter and Greg Summers return for the Mids. Dechellis has confidence that the combination of Wieck’s leadership and his team’s depth can help make up for the 22.5 points per game that the Midshipmen lost with the departures of Kiernan and Abdullah.
“I really like our team. I think we’ve got great chemistry. Evan Wieck has been an outstanding leader and the guys are doing what he asks them to do on the court and in the locker room,” DeChellis said. “I think we’re a team that will continue to get better and better as the year goes on. I like some of our freshman, and our sophomores have improved. I know where we’re picked in the league, we’re toward the bottom. But if we’re one of the bottom teams, this is one heck of a league.”
TOWSON
Tigers head coach Pat Skerry has won at least 18 games in five of his eight seasons at Towson, so last season was an anomaly. Riddled by injuries and roster turnover, the Tigers went 10-22 and ended the year on a five-game losing streak. The Tigers lost, 74-73, in heartbreaking fashion to James Madison in first round of the Colonial Athletic Association tournament.
Skerry takes the blame for the Tigers’ 2018-19 season despite the multitude of issues that contributed to the team’s struggles. More than anything, Skerry believes it’s on him to put his players in the right position to win games and that this team’s success this year will be based on its ability to close games.
“Last year for me, I just couldn’t help us get over the hump in close games,” Skerry said. “I thought with having 10 new players and injuries, our guys did a really good job of hanging in there. They played hard and we just couldn’t win close games. So, one of the big things this offseason, are we mentally tough enough to take on strain and find a way to win close games?
“In a league like ours that’s ultimately what it comes down to. There’s going to be six, seven really good clubs. It’s one of the top two or three mid-majors leagues in the country, that’s reality and you’ve got to win close games.”
UMBC
The Retrievers have depth at the guard spot this year, and one player that stands out among the group is 5-foot-2 guard Darnell Rogers. Rogers, a Baltimore native, transferred from New Mexico Junior College this offseason. His father, Shawnta, is a Lake Clifton legend who played his college ball at George Washington.
UMBC head coach Ryan Odom believes Rogers can be an early contributor for this team despite his size.
“Darnell is different. Darnell is very compact and extremely strong. He’s 140-something pounds and he might be 5-[foot]-2, I think that’s what they list him at. But that’s OK,” Odom said. “He’s had that same body pretty much since eighth grade and he knows how to play. It’s really remarkable to watch him.
“When he’s out there playing and he’s playing really well, he attacks the rim, he finishes going to the basket because he gets it off before you can get to him. He’s a willing passer; he gets the ball to the other guys. He’s a pesky defender. He’s going to add a lot to our team without a doubt.”
For more from the coaches, click here.
Photo Credits: Glenn Clark/PressBoxBeautiful Boy
For six weeks following September 5, 1989, I would think of that day with sadness. It was the day of the funeral for my dear, great-aunt Florence. She had passed away peacefully in the spare bedroom where we had cared for her, in the home I shared with my husband and four-year-old daughter. Weeks later I learned that the day of her funeral was also one of the happiest days of my life: it was the day my son was born.
Months prior I had impulsively collected Florence from the nursing home where she had been installed to live out the final months of her life following surgery and a diagnosis of terminal Cancer. My decision to bring her home was made the moment she quietly told me about having a male nursing home attendant help her with her bath. The shame she felt was drawn in every line of her slumping silhouette and in the thin, shaking hands that covered the tears running down her face.
She was the sister of my grandmother, twice widowed, never having had children of her own. Her home was a sanctuary for me from my chaotic childhood. The time I spent in her peaceful home, pampered and adored, fanned the spark in me that believed I was worthy and deserving of love and affection.
Florence’s time with us was bittersweet. Near the end, I was getting up often in the middle of the night to answer her cries of pain. I was exhausted and she could see it, apologizing profusely the moment I came to her bedside on those dark nights. I told her she was doing the hard work, and I wished I could offer her more relief.
Late on the afternoon of October 17th following Florence’s death, we received a call from the adoption agency. A blue-eyed baby boy was waiting for us, he was six weeks old, born on September 5th! So surprised were we by his arrival, he slept in a drawer those first few days until we could set up the crib in the empty spare bedroom where my beloved great aunt had passed away. He was beautiful, precious and very unsettled over the abrupt change in his circumstances.
He slept fitfully and woke crying many times throughout the night, every night. I was exhausted and once, as I began to roll out of bed to comfort him, I heard my aunt Florence say to me through the fog of sleep; “Now, now, you sleep. I’ll take care of him tonight.” In the dream that followed, I listened to the cooing, soothing sound of her voice comforting him and I simply rolled over and fell asleep. When I awoke it was morning and I was startled to feel so rested! Then I remembered my dream and the full night of sleep that had followed. I rushed into my son’s room to find him still sleeping deeply.
It is absolutely possible that this was just the dream of an exhausted new mother, but I like to think Florence was there offering me the rest I needed so badly. The rest she couldn’t offer me when I was caring for her in much the same way.. It is a vision that brings me great comfort today as it did 22 years ago. I miss you Florence.
Happy birthday to my beautiful boy.
Mammaste. There is so much divinity in the everyday.
Oh wow. This is absolutely beautiful. What a wonderful story. Thank you so much for sharing!
xoxo
dena
Thank you Dena. You are sweetness!
What an absolutely beautiful post … a hint of the supernatural, a tale of love and tenderness. So well written and moving. Thank you for sharing!
Melissa, how lovely of you to leave such a beautiful comment. I am glad this story touched you as tenderly as it touched me to live it.
What a beautiful story and so inspirational for those that are just starting out on their spiritual journeys.Wondering where I’ve been all week? Both of my sweet babies have been sick! Being a mom of two littles is crazy enough, but throw a nasty virus into the mix and all heck breaks loose. Kaia was the first to come down with it and then a few days later Judah got it. I have been spending all my time for the past week and a half going back and forth between two people who need me to be there 100% and I have had a really hard time with it. This is one of those times that I don’t feel very confident as a mommy. Where I have to choose between the congested coughing infant in one room or the crying toddler with a fever of 103 degrees in the other room. I mean, how can I cuddle them both to sleep when I’m the only parent here most of the time? This is the first time that both of them have been sick at the same time, and they were very sick. I feel so helpless.
They are thankfully almost better, and I’m sorry that I had to step away from the blog. I love being a blogger and I love all of you for reading, but my duty as a mom trumps anything on this earth.
Thanks for being patient, and I promise that I have some more amazing and exciting things to share with you very, very soon!!Artículos de revistas
Performance of three affective methods and diagnosis of the ANOVA model
Registration in:
Food Quality And Preference. Elsevier Sci Ltd, v. 11, n. 5, n. 363, n. 370, 2000.
0950-3293
WOS:000088244200001
10.1016/S0950-3293(00)00006-9
Author
Villanueva, NDM
Petenate, AJ
Da Silva, MAAP
Institutions
Abstract
Consumer data arising from traditional scales frequently do not comply with ANOVA assumptions of normality, independence and homoscedasticity. Differential expansiveness of scoring between assessors is also a limitation in the use of scales. The self-adjusting scale was designed to minimize some of these problems but its performance with consumers has not been reported. This study compared the performance of the 9-point hedonic scale, the self-adjusting scale and the ranking test with respect to: differential expansiveness between assessors, discriminating power and compliance of data with ANOVA assumptions. Candies were evaluated by 288 consumers. Data normality was checked by normal probability plots, Kolmogorov-Smirnov test and coefficients of skewness and kurtosis. Homoscedasticity assumptions were evaluated by the Levene test and scatterplots. The self-adjusting scale was effective to deal with differential assessor expansiveness, produced homogeneous variances but its data showed gross deviations from normality. Hedonic scale data showed slight deviation from normality and lack of homoscedasticity. Rank and self-adjusting scale showed the highest and the lowest discriminating power, respectively. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.115363370Dieting is essential for everyone to keep their bodies healthy. If you are a fat burner, you definitely have to take low carb meals. But with a busy lifestyle, it is not easy. That’s why you have to get low carb meals on the go. This is a must, especially if you are traveling.
Most of the quick keto meals (Keto is a term used for low carb) I mention here are ones you can get without cooking. Even the food that needs to be prepared can be made with less effort and time. Some of these are more convenient because you can even carry them in your pocket. Each meal also contains nutrition information.
What you should know before trying low carb meals
Since these are low carb, it is wrong to assume that you can eat as you wish. Foods include carbohydrates, Fats, and Protein. Since these foods are low in carbohydrates, they are high in fat and protein. It also has a significant number of calories. It is true that eating a low carb diet helps with fat burning. But if you overeat of that, it will make you obese. Therefore, you should always take care not to exceed your daily Calorie Requirement.
You also need to be careful about the fat and protein balance in the foods you eat. The amount of carb, fat, and protein you need to get depends on your diet plan.
Low Carb Meals
Cheese
It’s a satisfying meal that you can eat on the go without preparation. The abundance of protein is a significant advantage. There are many different types of cheeses, and you can choose one that suits your taste. Be careful, as cheese can vary in nutrient content.
In 100g of cheese
- CALORIES – 400
- Carb – 2.5g
- Fat – 32g
- Protein – 20g
Nuts & Nut Butter
You can get a delicious snack by mixing a few nuts. You can also buy a mixed nuts packet from the market if desired. If you check the nutrition facts of nuts, you will find that they have a high carbohydrate content. But most of them are Dietary Fiber. Dietary fiber is a carbohydrate that is not digested by the body. Therefore, carbohydrates from dietary fiber are not added to the body.
Peanuts, Pecans, Brazil Nuts, Almonds, Macadamia Nuts are some of the best types of nuts. But don’t get Cashew Nut. Its Dietary Fiber is minimal. Also, when buying nuts, do not add oils.
Butter made from these nuts can also help you with a Keto Diet. You can use nut butter to add extra flavor to other foods. The nutrition of these are often close to the nutritional value of raw nuts. (But check the label of the product you are buying)
In 100g of Nuts or Nut Butter(*Average)
- CALORIES – 600
- Carb – 5g (+10g Dietary Fiber)
- Fat – 60g
- Protein – 17g
Boiled Eggs
Eggs are a great value for a low carb meal. Eggs contain a large number of nutrients, including proteins. Boil some eggs, sprinkle some salt and pepper and then carry in your luggage. Or eat it with a hot sauce.
In a large Egg
- CALORIES – 78
- Carb – 0.6g
- Fat – 5g
- Protein – 6g
Keto Bars
There are keto bars on the market for people who follow a low carb diet. These are delicious and have a lot of dietary fiber. It is also high in protein. You can also carry them in your pocket. Somewhat expensive, however, are perfect for a busy lifestyle.
In a 1 Keto Bar (Approximately)
- CALORIES – 250g
- Carb – 5g (+10g Dietary Fiber)
- Fat – 20g
- Protein – 10g
Avocado
Avocado contains fat that is good for the body and heart. It also contains many nutrients, including Vitamin C, Vitamin B6, Iron. Even Dietary Fiber. Dietary fiber helps to keep your digestive system well. If you can take a small knife and a spoon with an Avacado, this dish can be enjoyed while you’re traveling.
In a 1 Avacado
- CALORIES – 320
- Carb – 4g (+13g Dietary Fiber)
- Fat – 29g
- Protein – 4g
Raw Vegetable Sticks
Several vegetables with low carbohydrate value can be taken as sticks. Dip them in nut butter or low carb sauce if desired. The best vegetables to eat are Carrot, Celery and Cucumber. Carbohydrates are high in carrots, so be careful.
In a medium Carrot
- CALORIES – 25
- Carb – 4g (+2g Dietary Fiber)
- Fat – 0.1g
- Protein – 0.7g
In a Celery stalk
- CALORIES – 6
- Carb – 0.6g (+0.6g Dietary Fiber)
- Fat – 0.1g
- Protein – 0.3g
In a medium Cucumber
- CALORIES – 35
- Carb – 7g
- Fat – 0g
- Protein – 1g
Olives
Olives are rich in heart-healthy fats, dietary fibers and antioxidants. Also Iron, Calcium & Vitamin A. If you want something salty, this is a good option. You can buy these as small packs on the market.
In a large Olive (4.5g)
- CALORIES – 5
- Carb – 0.2g (+0.1g Dietary Fiber)
- Fat – 0.5g
- Protein – 0.03g
Berry
Raspberry, Blackberry and Strawberry are low carbohydrate fruits. Also, a delicious fruit with Vitamin C and Dietary Fiber. These can be eaten with a low calorie cream if you wish.
In 100g of Berries (Average)
- CALORIES – 50
- Carb – 6g (+6g Dietary Fiber)
- Fat – 0.5g
- Protein – 1.5g
Low Carb Beverages
The best drink for someone on a low carb diet is water. But if you get hungry on the way, you can use these low carb keto beverages to avoid hunger. Avoid applying sugar or milk.
Coffee
A coffee that does not contain sugar contains almost no calories and carbohydrates. Cinnamon powder can be used for this coffee if you wish. Also, use butter to fit your diet plan if you like. It gives you the feeling of fullness. Talk to your restaurant owner and ask for what you need.
Tea
Tea is also a calorie-free drink like coffee. Cinnamon can also be added to it. You can also get them as “Iced Tea”.
Soda Water
Soda is made by carbonating normal water. Therefore, it does not contain any nutrients. You can use this as a replacement for water.
Bottom Line
Regardless of what type of food you eat, it should fit your diet plan. Therefore, it is easier to determine the food you eat at the beginning of the day. Always try to keep your carb, fat, and protein values accurate. Exercising with a low carb diet will help you achieve your fat loss goal.(b Howard McKinley Dorham, 30 Aug. '24, Fairfield TX; d 5 Dec. '72, NYC) Trumpet; also tenor sax, piano, sometime vocalist, composer; a bop trumpeter who never lost sight of his Swing Era and blues roots, and was very highly rated by his contemporaries. From musical family; played trumpet in Austin high school and college band with Wild Bill Davis; from '45 with Dizzy Gillespie, Billy Eckstine, Lionel Hampton, Mercer Ellington, Charlie Parker late '40s; freelanced NYC, joined Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers '55, replaced Clifford Brown in Max Roach quintet '56; records on Prestige with Sonny Rollins, Hank Mobley, Tadd Dameron, J. J. Johnson; on Blue Note with Lou Donaldson, Thelonious Monk, Horace Silver; others; Coltrane Time '58 was a quintet with John Coltrane and Cecil Taylor, incl. Dorham tune 'Shifting Down' (it was originally a Taylor album). Played in soundtrack of A Star Is Born '54; wrote French film scores Witness In The City and Dangerous Liaisons '59; also active in music education. Sides with Be Bop Boys '46 on Savoy; first own record as leader Kenny Dorham Quintet '53 came out on Charles Mingus's Debut label, later a Fantasy CD; second Afro-Cuban '55 on Blue Note was one of his finest and one of the defining albums of the era, with Cecil Payne, Mobley, Silver, Patato Valdez on congas etc. Led own band the Jazz Prophets '56, two eponymous vols on ABC-Paramount (one later in two-disc set on Impulse with an LP by Sonny Criss); three vols of 'Round About Midnight At The Cafe Bohemia on Blue Note (two in Japan only, later compiled on CD). Others on Blue Note: Whistle Stop '61, Una Mas '63, Trumpet Toccata '64; on Prestige Quiet Kenny '59 with Tommy Flanagan, Paul Chambers, Art Taylor; on Riverside (LPs, titles recycled on Milestone): Jazz Contrasts '56, Two Horns, Two Rhythm '57; This Is The Moment '58 with Dorham vocals. Like many jazzmen of his era Dorham took seriously his obligation to entertain, and singing was part of what he did; unlike most jazzmen who both play and sing he kept his styles separate, giving the lyrics their just due. Many others on Blue Note, Jaro/Fresh Sound, Bainbridge, Black Lion, Steeplechase etc. Pacific Jazz and United Artists recordings later turn up on Blue Note (all EMI property). Dorham lost out in the fame stakes to Dizzy Gillespie, Clifford Brown and Miles Davis; during the '60s he seemed to repeat himself, but Zodiac: The Music Of Cecil Payne '68 on Strata East was a return to form; Kenny Dorham Sextet on Cadet '70 live in Chicago had Muhal Richard Abrams, Wilbur Campbell on drums.CMP could have trouble rerouting corridor if Maine pulls approvals
Oct. 19—A heated debate over potential alternative routes for Central Maine Power Co.'s hydropower corridor took center stage at a Tuesday hearing aimed at determining whether the utility can proceed with its $1 billion project or must make changes costing tens of millions of dollars.
The Maine Department of Environmental Protection held the hearing to consider whether it should suspend a permit it granted last year for Central Maine Power Co.'s $1 billion hydropower project. It was prompted by a judge's August ruling that the state had no authority to issue CMP a lease for public land comprising about a mile of the corridor in rural Somerset County. If the lease is negated, other state approvals could unravel.
The hearing provided a forum for the project's backers and foes two weeks before a statewide vote on Question 1, which is aimed at killing the project known formally as the New England Clean Energy Connect. CMP outlined contingency plans if the project is stalled by a vote, the contested lease or a change in permit status, but they would be expensive and permission to run on easements on neighboring land may be fraught with new concerns..
It is not reasonable a few months after the high court's decision to expect CMP to have the entire 145-mile corridor fully permitted and rights to alternative routes to one mile of it in place, said Tony Buxton, who represents the pro-corridor Industrial Energy Consumers' Group.
"This is not hopscotch," he said. "This is not 'you step on a line and you're out.'"
CMP said it could cost an extra $67 million to delay the project until the legal case over the land lease is settled, which is expected to happen in June 2022. Suspension of the project's permit for at least nine months would make it impossible for CMP to meet a December 2023 target date to complete the project, said Thorn Dickinson, CEO and president of NECEC Transmission LLC, the CMP affiliate running the hydropower project.
If the permit for the entire project is revoked and it is decommissioned, some $240 million in negotiated benefits for Mainers, including broadband connections and low-income rate relief, would be at risk.
But anti-corridor intervenors urged the department to suspend the project permit for various reasons, including that the utility should not be allowed to construct the rest of the 145-mile project running from the Canadian border to Lewiston, especially the 53-mile segment that involves cutting a new corridor, until legal disputes are settled.
Letting the project proceed except for the one-mile public area allows CMP "to create a sense of inevitability" that the project will be completed, said Sen. Rick Bennett, R-Oxford, a vocal opponent of the corridor.
"No further construction of the NECEC should take place until the alternative has been finally identified and approved in order to avoid unnecessary and highly detrimental impacts to the environment," Jeffrey Reardon, director of the anti-corridor Maine Brook Trout Project, said.
In written testimony, Dickinson detailed how much of the project has been built and the company's strategy if the project is halted. As of Oct. 4, some 108 miles of right of way have been cleared and 58 poles installed. Most clearing is to be completed by the end of the year.
Dickinson outlined two routes that could bypass the contested lease. One is west of Route 201 and the other would partially run through the Moosehead Conservation Easement Area and Cold Stream Conservation Area. Both would require new permitting.
But the Pierce Pond Watershed Trust wrote to the DEP saying its property west of Route 201 has a perpetual legal obligation to enforce its conservation easements, and it has not been contacted by CMP about possibly using the land. The trust also said the maps of the project it has seen are unclear as to where it might cross its property. The president of the Forest Society of Maine also told Dickinson in an email that a power line would not be permitted in its conservation easement in the second proposed option on land.
The court case over the lease remains active and could eventually be appealed to the state's high court. CMP has argued the lease should be valid because the project does not substantially alter the use of public lands, the constitutional threshold that requires the Legislature to approve such leases. Project opponents who have pushed back on the lease have argued it should have been subject to legislative approval all along.
For now, the state has a range of options on the lease, including letting it stand, saying it needs legislative approval, revising it or terminating it. If the lease is invalidated, approval for the entire project could be at risk unless an alternative route is approved. The DEP could suspend the permit, meaning a temporary removal pending additional measures, or revoke it, requiring CMP to reapply and obtain a new one.
There is no requirement for when a decision must be issued in the DEP proceeding, Deputy Commissioner David Madore said. Post-hearing briefs can be submitted until Nov. 2 and reply briefs by Nov. 16. Corridor opponents asked for the post-hearing schedule to be accelerated, which supporters argued against. The DEP is considering the matter.+91-9958802839 Wife Vashikaran specialist Baba Ji In Bristol
No reviews yet! Be the first to write the review & earn 10 points.
Do you need more information about +91-9958802839 Wife Vashikaran specialist Baba Ji In Bristol
User Guide
Product Buy & Sell Video
- Location: delhi
- Category: Women's Shopping , Cultural Ethnic Clothing
- Selling Since: 17th April, 2021
User Guide
Product Buy & Sell Video
User Guide
Product Buy & Sell Video
Explore More
Sold By: Priest Mandela
Sold By: mama eunice
Sold By: Panchakumari Mobile...
Sold By: Thulo Pasal
Sold By: Panchakumari Mobile...
-!Cyber attacks in PolandThe vast majority of reported cyber incidents in Poland concerned malware attacks, including viruses, trojans, dialers, rootkits, and the like. A frequently observed attack was an e-mail with a supposed invoice, notification or document, sent on behalf of a well-known company containing files with a text, or Internet address for downloading malware. Criminals willingly used various types of software such as ransomware and so-called banker, i.e., malware targeted at customers of electronic and mobile banking. This alarming result is the effect of many targeted, organized, and well-thought-out campaigns. One of the biggest was the one using dangerous attachments or e-mail links to fake invoices.
In 2020, the number of phishing sites remained at a very high level. Among the criminals, the most popular were two types of scams. The first one was phishing on Facebook. This method is based on impersonating the Facebook account owner and sending private messages to people who are added to the 'friends' list in the account, asking for a transfer using BLIK mobile payment system. The second most commonly reported phishing incidents were fake websites of foreign services, such as PayU and DotPay. The second popular phishing attack was the impersonation of PayU and DotPay, a fast payment operator.
Analyzing the latest phishing methods, nowadays, a cybercriminal is not only a programming specialist but also a psychologist. Phishing, another fastest-growing category of cyber threats, has more and more in common with a subtle knowledge of the human psyche, our habits, and preferences. A hacker aims to force an Internet user to perform a particular activity, offering him/her the illusion of security and comfort.
Risks of Internet use by childrenOnline risks for children and young people relate to access to illegal and harmful content. These are mainly pornographic, neo-Nazi, xenophobic, racist, promoting various types of sects, as well as photos and videos depicting violence, materials encouraging the use of drugs, or experimenting with one's health.
Another threat to children and young people on the Internet is the possibility of contact with strangers, which can be dangerous. Sexting and sextortion are common phenomena faced by Internet users regardless of age, gender, or origin. In recent years, these cases have become more frequent and take very different forms. They may include sexting material that is sent to someone and distributed without the victim's consent or knowledge. Additionally, it may be content resulting from child grooming, or other third-party activities.New South Wales
Find the best hiking trails, backpacking, and camping, in New South Wales.
Top Spots
Hike to Wentworth Falls
Wentworth Falls, New South Wales
5.0
While you are on Highway 32 (away from Sydney) you will look for Falls Road on the right (heading south). Follow this until you get to the parking lot. Once to the parking lot follow signs for the National Pass trail.Hike down a cliff edge carved into the stone, and follow it all the way to the bottom where you can look up at the vast waterfall and cliff. As you hike along, you get views of ...
Explore Wattamolla Picnic Area
Wollongong, New South Wales
4.4
When you’re looking for a quick and rewarding day trip that's not too far away, head to Wattamolla picnic area in Royal National Park. With loads of options to keep everyone happy, this is a popular place to base yourself while you’re exploring the park.Relax in the calm waters of the lagoon, unpack a picnic under the shade of the cabbage tree palms, and do some serious unwinding.Starting in Sy...
Hike the Bondi to Coogee Beach Coastal Walk
Bondi Beach, New South Wales Downtown Sydney. From Central Station, take the T4 line to Bondi Junction. Take bus 333, 380, or 381 down to Bondi Beach. However, with so many great beach...
Hike to Kosciuszko Summit
Kosciuszko National Park, New South Wales
5.0
12.4 mi / 1476.4 ft gain...
Explore Deep Pass Canyon
Newnes Plateau, New South Wales p...
Catch a Sunrise at Hassans Walls Lookout
Hassans Walls, New South Wales
5.0
An incredible lookout over Lithgow valley from 1160m elevation. Perfect for viewing the sunrise or sunset over the mountains. A short drive up an unpaved road takes you right to the lookout with a car park onsite, plus spot for disabled parking. Two picnic sheds with 4 tables each.
Hike to Wedding Cake Rock
Bundeena, New South Wales make sure you know where the trailhead is before you depart as cell phone service can be spotty when you arrive. Set aside 2 hours or more to complete t...
Hike to Katoomba Falls
Katoomba, New South Wales
5.0
0.93 mi / 521 ft gain
The hike starts out at the Prince Henry Cliff Walk at the popular Scenic World in the Blue Mountains. The length of the trail isn't very long, but it's a very steep drop down to the bottom and the hike back out is quite strenuous. We took snacks with us and hung out the bottom for a while before making the trek back up. There's a great view of the waterfall from the top of the rim at Echo Point...
Explore Killen Falls
Tintenbar, New South Wales
4.0...
Quick links
- The best hiking trails in New South Wales
- The best backpacking in New South Wales
- The best camping in New South Wales
- Top adventures in New South WalesExhibitions AFFORDABLE ART FAIR BATTERSEA, LONDON – AUTUMN 2021 FAIR OVERVIEW Affordable Art Fair is back this autumn, packed with inspiring art to suit all tastes. With 1000s of artworks from over 90 UK and international galleries, you’ll be spoiled for choice, whether you’re looking for the perfect accent piece for your home, a bold new talking point, or daily inspiration for your workspace. GENERAL OPENING TIMES: Thursday 21 October, 11am – 9.30pm Friday 22 October, 11am – 9.30pm Saturday 23 October, 11am – 6pm Sunday 24 October, 11am – 6pm Weekend Family Hour, 10am – 11am LOCATION: Battersea Evolution, Battersea Park, Queenstown Road, London SW11 4NJ, UK /> AFFORDABLE ART FAIR BATTERSEA, LONDON – SUMMER 2021 Affordable /> VIRTUAL EXHIBITION ALEX BERTAINA – DREAMED LANDSCAPES Our latest virtual exhibition is now OPEN to view Alex Bertaina’s vibrant landscapes. Click below to enter the free exhibition! COVID-19 update London Contemporary Art will be following government guidelines during the lockdown. The gallery will be closed as of Thursday, November 5th 2020, however, all artworks are available for sale on our website with free UK shipping for the duration of the lockdown. If you have any questions, please email us at: info@londoncontemporaryart.co.uk With best wishes, The LCA Gallery Team /> * NEW ADDRESS * 32 /> THREE FIGURES EXHIBITION 2019 L /> PRINT EXHIBITION 2019 /> Brian Neish /> Keng Wai Lee & Marco Araldi /> Brian Bartlett Featured Artist | 3rd – 27th April 2019 BRIAN BARTLETT Brian’s paintings can be seen as celebrations of colour which are both decorative and sensual. Colours glow and sing with a vibrancy and sensuality that become expressions of the joy of life. On view at London Contemporary Art Gallery, Store Street 32 till 27th April 2019 Admission: free /> People, Place and Space /> Val Hudson Exhibition. /> ONE MAN SHOW – John Butterworth F.R.S.A. A Collection of Mixed media paintings produced over 20 years 25th September – 3rd October Private view / Tuesday 25th September / 6 – 8 pm JOHN BUTTERWORTH /> Editioned EDITIONED /> LONDON CONTEMPORARY ART PRIZE 2018 David Hinchliffe DAVID HINCHLIFFE – JULY 2018 RUSSELL FRAMPTON – JUNE 2018 Russell Frampton is Store Street Gallery’s featured artist for the month June. He was born in 1961 in Hampshire and educated at Portsmouth and at Exeter Art College (B.A. in Fine Art), later taking his M.A. in Fine Art at the University of Plymouth. Painter and musician – his nautical, maritime yet still abstract themes are resurfaced in his work mainly because of associations with his childhood, being brought up on the River Hamble. ”. Russell is now living in Devon but also makes frequent visits to his house in Brittany. /> Catching the Light CATCHING THE LIGHT. /> Flourishing Growth FLOURISHING GROWTH />